26 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY full and loyal allegiance. March 12, 1403, Benedict escaped in disguise from his palace, took a boat, dropped down the River Rhone, and took refuge in the strong fortress held by 500 soldiers of the king of Sicily. There he summoned to him his cardinals. They went ; and he was complete pope again. Before an assembly of the clergy in Paris two cardinals appeared to plead the cause of Benedict. The University of Paris itself was divided. The king of France changed his attitude, and restored to Benedict the allegiance of the realm, declaring : "So long as I live, I will acknowledge him alone as the vicar of Christ." To the king and the whole kingdom Benedict still made his loud pro-.  fessions of his eagerness to quench the schism. He sent an embassy to Boniface in Rome. Boniface refused to receive them unless they would come before him, recognizing him as pope. Some of them did so, and pleaded with him to appoint a place to meet with representatives of Benedict, and discuss their rival claims, with a view to quenching the schism. Boni face answered: "I alone am pope; Peter de Luna is an antipope." The am- bassadors remarked : "At least our mas-ter is guiltless of simony." This struck Pope Boniface IX. so  straight as to arouse his anger to such a pitch that he fell into a fit, and had to be carried to his bed, upon which, three days after-ward, he died, Oct. 2, 1404. The cardinals in Rome immediately as-sembled to elect' a pope. First of all they pledged one another in a solemn oath that whosoever of them should be chosen to the papacy, he would abdicate just as soon as Benedict XIII. would do the same. Cosmo Megliorotto was elected, and took the name of Innocent VII. (Oct. 12, 1404, to Nov. 13, 1406). The anarchy grew so great in Rome that the pope and his cardinals were com-pelled to flee for their lives. They took refuge in Viterbo. Ladislaus, the king of Naples, undertook to take possession of the city of Rome. "The whole city was a great battlefield. The soldiers of Ladis-laus set fire to it in four quarters." However, he was compelled to withdraw, and the people begged the pope to return. This he did March 13, 1406, and re-mained until his death, Nov. 13 of the same year. Inasmuch as the interesting report of the late convention of the Wisconsin Sunday Rest Day Association is so much Sunday enforcement matter, and is some-what lengthy, we have given up to it this week the space that would otherwise have been occupied by our "Sunday En-forcement" department. Next week this department will be filled with interesting items giving the kernel of what has re-cently taken place in this line at many different points. The union barbers of Janesville, Wis., have become so extremely careful with regard to Sunday work that they have adopted a rule that all union shops must  close hereafter at eleven instead of at twelve o'clock on Saturday night. " The reason for this is that if the doors of the shops are kept open until midnight, the tonsorial artists will be forced to attend to the needs of several of their customers on Sunday morning." The new rule " will preclude the necessity of laboring on the Sabbath day." eŁ If any one is inclined to believe that the Sunday-enforcement cause is not relig-ious, let him turn and read the utterances made at the late convention of the Wis-consin Sunday Rest Day Association, and be convinced otherwise. 