360 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ban products will be wholly inadequate to the needs of the situation. Under present conditions, which, un-less all signs fail, will be perpetuated by the United States, the island is worse off commercially than under Spain. Spain did treat Cuba as having some legiti-mate claims upon her, even if only those of a ward, but the United States insists on, at one and the same moment, hold-ing her off as a foreign country and deny-ing to her the powers of a sovereign state. Unless industrial relief comes it will be impossible for her to make a suc-cess politically, and she will simply be driven by the selfishness of the power which makes high-sounding boasts of be-ing her liberator, to either rebel as she did against Spain, or else give up even the appearance of independence and in-tercede for admission to the Union. This is declared in plain terms to-day by those who have been declaring all along that the United States just couldn't do any-thing but make the Cubans and all other people Tree and happy. One of the great journals which argued for imperialism as strenuously as any at first, and which has by no means forsaken it now, is the New York Tribune, but it sees the force of the present situation with regard to Cuba, as is shown by the cartoon which we reproduce herewith. To be accurate there should be piled upon the barrel of "sugar duties" several other burdens to represent the incumbrances of the Platt Amendment, and the United States should be represented as looking on with utter unconcern. This matter of tariffs strikes the very heart of the whole matter of imperialism. There is a great deal of truth in the say-ing that government is the power to tax. After all the power to levy and collect taxes is the only power to which im-perialism aspires, and it is through this avenue that its sway is felt throughout  the length and breadth of its domin ions. Not by the policing of the world, but by the levying and collecting of taxes, did the sovereignty of Rome extend through-out the earth. "And it came to pass in those days that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be taxed. And all went to be taxed, every- one into his own city." Thousands of people who responded to this decree probably had never seen the Roman eagles, but the Roman sov-ereignty was exerted upon them through this taxation, and so long as they yielded to it in this form they felt it in no other way. Oppressive govern-ment means in most cases oppressive taxation, and other forms of oppression seldom come but as accessories to this. Nations govern colonies, provinces, and dependencies, and keep then in subjec-tion not for the pleasure there is in it, not for the glory, not for the privilege of maintainiug police and armies on for; eign soil, but for the sake of the money, the revenue, that there is in it. No na-tion on earth would go to any trouble or any expense to give "good govern-ment" to a distant people unless it ex-pected, sooner or later, to reap, with in-terest, what it had sown in cold cash. And the desire to get money quick and in great quantities, both on the part of the government and the individuals who are placed by it in positions where they can rob and plunder with impunity, is the chief cause of the oppression of de-pendencies. And the United States gives no prom-ise of being unlike other nations in this respect. On this important point she has already had opportunity to show her hand both with regard to Cuba and the Philippines, and in both instances she has shown unmistakably that it is the genius of imperialism and not that of liberty and generosity that is directing 