330 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY people. We plead that all men be forever free' from the interference and dictation of the State in all matters pertaining to religious faith and practise. And in so pleading we are only asserting the doctrine of the National Constitution. In his " History of the Forma-tion of the Constitution of the United States," Mr. Bancroft says that the American Con-stitution " withheld from the Federal Govern-ment the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul." When the Congress of this nation shall be- Ł gin to legislate upon religion the doom of the religious freedom, the foundation of which is set like a diamond in the Constitution, will have been fixed; for the onward march will surely, be, step by step, down the road of relig-ious intolerance to religious persecution. That the good people of Florida tend not at all in that direction, let them forever cherish and practise the patriotic sentiment that " eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." And let their legislative servants understand that no at-tempt must he made to " remove the ancient land-marks which the fathers have set " by meddling or interfering with the religious freedom which is so firmly grounded in the Magna Charta of these United States. May voices everywhere be heard saying: " Let the principle of religious liberty, wisely embodied in the American Constitution, for-ever remain as our forefathers established it." Let the watchword of every man who loves liberty and his country be, " Freedom for allŠoppression for none." Two days after the publication of this matter in the Times-Union Mr. Whitford received a letter from the county judge of a leading county of the State, but not Duval, who said : Permit me to thank you for your article, " The Sunday-Law Question," in the Times-Union of yesterday. The religious people appear to desire a church trust. Let the State once command obedience to religion and the next step will be to define religion. . . . Hav-ing no acquaintance with you, I ask to be par-doned for troubling you. It is to be hoped that there are many more civil officials in Florida who take the same position as does this judge con-cerning this question of Sunday enforce-ment. Sabbath Observance Does not Require Sabbath Enforcement By F. D. Starr * T is claimed by many of the Sunday-law I advocates that in order for part of the people to rest on Sunday all the people must be compelled to rest; that unless the day is observed by all, those who wish to observe it will be prevented from doing so, as they will be disturbed in their de- * Mr. Starr is a Seventh-day Adventist minister. The practise of the people he represents is a sufficient refu-tation of the pretension that the religious observance of a day requires the special "protection" of the law. The seventh-day observers worship without any complaint of disturbance on what is perhaps the busiest day of the week for the great mass of the population; yet many first-day observers insist that they cannot worship un-disturbed on a day when all labor and business is sus-pended by the great mass of the population unless they and the day are given special "protection" by the lawl The explanation of this is that the seventh-day observer accepts and applies the principle of religious liberty in the matter of Sabbath observance, while the first-day observer refuses to accept and apply it in the matter. ŠEDITOR. votions by those who do not observe the day; that "the privilege of rest for one requires a law of rest for all." That this is not necessarily so was quite fully demonstrated at a camp-meeting held by Seventh-day Adventists at Minot, N. Dak., last July, in which meeting the writer participated. At least it was de-monstrated that those who observe the seventh day, the Sabbath " according to the commandment," do not need the assistance of compulsory legal enactments compelling their neighbors to do as they do in order that they may observe the Sabbath. It may be that it is the absence of Scriptural authority for their practise 