EDITORIAL 829 mote the largest practicable junction of religious forces for the furtherance of those fundamental religious, moral, and social interests which are vital to the sta-bility of the commonwealth." This or-ganization, the aims and ideals of which are by no means confined to the State of New York and should receive the most careful investigation by every reader of THE SENTINEL, has just held its third annual meeting in New York City. Some of the subjects discussed at this conference of the foremost theologians of the times were : "Patriotism and Na-tional Righteousness," "Religious Obli-gations of Our Democracy," and "Social Salvation." A representative of THE SENTINEL was present at most of these discussions, and some things that were said that will be of very much interest to all our readers will be given in a re-port that will appear next month. .Ł. An organ of Sunday enforcement ob-serves that "the relation of Thanksgiving and the Christian Sabbath have always been very intimate in this country. Orig-inally all forms of business were sus-pended and Thanksgiving was made a day of prayer and praiseŠa Sabbath in mid-week. Friends of the Lord's day and of the home and the nation are friends of this venerable and patriotic in-stitution." Why in the world then are not "the friends of the Lord's day" seek-ing to compel the suspension of all forms of business on Thanksgiving Day? Why are they not demanding the enforcement of its observance along with their demand for the enforcement of the "Christian Sabbath" with which it is so closely re-lated ? The enforcement of the one ob-servance is just as proper as the enforce-ment of the other; a "reason" for the  enforcement of the one is a "reason" for the enforcement of the other. Of course there is no legitimate reason for the en-forcement of either. But in a sense it may be said that the enforcement of the observance of Thanksgiving Day would be fifty-one times more reasonable than the enforcement of Sunday observance, since Thanksgiving Day comes but once a year. It is not at all improbable that the champions of Sunday enforcement will some day be demanding the enforce-ment of the observance of Thanksgiving Day. That follows logically from their present demand. Although Sunday-enforcement news takes up so large a portion of this num-ber, more space being given to it than ever before, the field is not covered en-tirely, there being several things of im-portance in this line of which no mention is made. Among these are three Sun-day-enforcement conventions that have recently been heldŠthe thirteenth annual meeting of the New York State Sabbath (Sunday) Association, held in Saratoga late in October ; the annual convention of the Lord's Day (Sunday) Alliance of Canada, held in Toronto early in Novem-ber; and the twelfth annual convention of the Wisconsin Sunday Rest Day As-sociation, held in Baraboo, Wis., Novem-ber 17-19. Representatives of TILE SEN-TINEL were in attendance at the last two conventions, and some things that they have reported will be given to our readers next month. Some of the utterances made at these conventions will be found to be very "interesting reading." In ad-dition to these matters of greater impor-tance we have to omit until next month proper mention of an agitation that is now and has been for some weeks going on in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, due 