THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 387 God only." Nothing can be duty in any proper sense that is not right. It can never be duty for a sheriff to execute an individual whom he believes to be innocent of the crime for which he was sentenced. But what can he do ? Resign his office. And this he will do if he is a God-fearing man rather than do an act of injustice even in obedience to an edict of the courts. It is the individual and not the court or the state that must an-swer at the bar of God. Prosecution Under the Sunday Law of North Carolina. We have received the following letter telling of the arrest and prosecution of a seventh-day observer in Greensboro, North Carolina, for breaking Sunday : "Grissom, N. C., June 12. "Editor Sentinel of Liberty : Mr. Barefoot, of Greensboro, was arrested Friday, June 1, for working on Sunday. He was tried and fined one dollar and costs. "It seems that on Sunday, May 27, Mr. Barefoot went out in his garden after sundown and was pre-paring ground for planting same peas when one of his neighbors spied him and had him arrested. Mr. B. had often split wood and done other little chores on Sunday, but no attention had been paid to it. We were having meetings on Sunday nights and prayer meeting at his home Thursday nights, and this may be the reason why this neighbor was offended and acted as he did. Mr. B. will not pay the fine. "E. L. SANFORD." Whatever may have been the motive for the arrest and prosecution in this case, it is plain that only the bitter spirit of intolerance could prompt any individ-ual to inflict injury upon his neighbor for doing a little quiet work in his own garden. For some reasonŠprobably because of Mr. Barefoot's religion, he being a Seventh-day AdventistŠthis neighbor became of-fended at him and desired to do him harm ; and there on the statute books of the state was the Sunday law, an ever ready instrument for use against observers of any other than the common day of rest. It is thus that the Sunday laws of the states lend themselves to the unworthy designs of evil-minded persons. There is no exemption in North Carolina for observers of the seventh day. The Baptist minister of Greensboro, Rev. Livings-ton Johnson, in the true spirit of Baptist principles, made a public protest from his pulpit against this in-tolerant proceeding, report of which protest appeared in the Greensboro Telegram, from which we quote : "Mr. Johnson said he desired to enter his protest against this because he did not believe that it ought to be allowed to go without protest from some pulpit of the city. It was, he said, an infringement upon re-ligious liberty and a denial of a man's right to worship  God according to the dictates of his own conscience, which should be a man's sole standard as his duty. The officer might be carrying out the law, for the speaker did not know about the statute, but the law was wrong and had no right of existence. The law had no right to say to a man what day he should keep, as he was responsible alone to God, and he must search God's Word and decide for himself such questions. "It may be said," continued Mr. Johnson, "that this man was disturbing others. I reply that he was not disturbing any one half as much as do these trains which dash continually through the country and in-trude their noise and disturbance upon Sabbath keep-ers in all parts of the land." We shall keep our readers apprised of whatever further developments may arise in connection with this effort to enforce Sunday observance in North Car-olina. An Interesting Constitutional Question. On another page we print an article from the Springfield Republican reviewing briefly Judge Town-send's opinion touching the status of Porto Rico in its relation to the Constitution. Referring to this article as it appeared in the Re-publican, ex-Senator Dawes raises these questions : "I. What is the true significance of the word 'all' in the last clause of the 3d section of Article IV. of the constitution, which reads as follows : 'The Con-gress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States ?' "2. What particular `rule' or 'regulation' respect-ing territory belonging to the United States, Congress has not the power to make ?" The Republican makes reply as follows : "Does the phrase `or other property' refer to people or to communities of people who may chance to in-habit any territory of the United States? Were the framers of the constitution accustomed to speak of human beings as property or 'other property ?' Did they even refer to the negro slave as property, in that great instrument? On the contary, did they not speak of the slave as a 'person,' as 'such persons,' and as a 'person held to service or labor ?' (See section 9 of Article I. and section 2 of Article IV.) And hence does not the clause in question, 'territory or other property belonging to the United States,' relate to ter-ritory considered only as real property ? In a strict construction of this clause no other meaning is possi-ble, and everybody knows that as a matter of fact the clause referred to the unoccupied lands held or owned by the several states under their colonial charters, which were generally ceded to the United States prior to the adoption of the constitution of 1787. "Nevertheless, even conceding that the power of Congress to govern the territories flows from this clause, is the word 'all' to be taken as possessed of the sweep and force which absolves Congress from all con-stitutional restraints and limitations in dealing with 