THE "RAPPROCHEMENT" WITH ROME 403 groaning in spirit. Considering how recent the sanctity is that surrounds Easter in the esteem of Methodists, Baptists, Presbyterians and other of the dissenting sects, it is rather amusing to note the fervor of the piety which makes of it as holy an occasion as if ,it were based upon canonical authority. The next thing will be the observance of saints' days by our Hard-shell Baptist brethren, and the Prim-itive Methodists will be having pictures of the Madonna and Child in their meeting-houses. It is none of the Jews' funeral, but it is sad to witness the decadence of the stern simplic-ity that characterized the religion of the orig-inal Puritans. . . . I am rather inclined to think that if Cromwell and his associates could came back, they would feel more at home with the Jews than among the Romanized Protes-tant dissenters. Now in all this we do not mean to oppose the spirit of true charity, nor the disposition to forget grudges and to shake off prejudices due to religious differences. We believe that a Catholic should be treated as charitably and as considerately as anybody else, and that prejudioes and grudges against him are no more excusable than against anyone else. And we believe that the person is not a true Protestant who bears grudges and holds preju-dices against another because of his re-ligion, never mind how different it may be from his own. But this is not to en-dorse the tendency to which we have called attention. This is not to say that Protestants should desert their religion and go over to Romanism, and neither is it to say that they should now recant all that they have said in the past about Romanism and should begin to shout that they "have no right to deny that the Church of Rome is a true Church." Every man has a right to judge the Church of Rome by her record and her principles, and in the light of what he believes to be the truth. And we do not see how he who accepts the Bible as true, and is acquainted with the record and principles of the Roman Church, can  come to any other conclusion than that she is the " 'Scarlet Woman' of the Apoc-alypse," notwithstanding that those who formerly were so sure of this are now taking it all back. The Church of Rome has a very long record, and her character is not to be judged by the aspect which she has presented in the last ten, twenty or thirty years. If the papal system, which destroyed upwards of fifty mil-lions of persons because of their religious convictions during the Dark Ages, is not the anti-Christ of prophecy then no such thing has yet appeared in the world. But whether the Papacy be the anti-Christ of the Scriptures or not, it is certain that it is an anti-Christ, for no system can set up a man as infallible and invest him with the blasphemous prerogatives which are claimed for the Pope in the titles given him and in the alleged right to "pronounce sentences and judgments in contradiction to the right of nations, to the law of God and man," without be-coming distinctly and unmistakably anti-Christ. The trouble with this "rapprochement" between Rome and Protestantism is that Protestantism is going all the way and Rome is simply remaining where she al-ways has been. She encourages the "rap-prochement," of course, but she does not give up an iota of what she has ever claimed nor repudiate a single thing that she has ever done. She simply meets the oncoming "Protestants" with the declara-tion that they have been entirely mistaken about her, and that she has always been the opposite of what they have been taught that she was and what history says she has been. She is not granting anything to Protestantism ; she is simply waiting for Protestantism to repudiate itself and return to the "maternal bosom of the Church"Šthe only church in her settled and unchanging estimation. We may be mistaken, may be narrow, big- 