642 THE SENTINEL OF this paragraph may be cited some utter-ances made by a leading newspaper of the country when it became evident that the negotiations were to fall through as far as the Vatican and the American "mis-sion" were concerned. It declared that it would never have done to have admitted the Pope's claim to temporal sovereignty nor to have held any diplomatic relations with the Vatican, but that nevertheless, while "Secretary Hay could not directly negotiate with the Vatican himself," "it would have been possible to employ a trained diplomatist, familiar with the Vat-ican," who 'would greatly have facili-tated the success of Governor Taft's mis-sion," "even if he was precluded from giving it [the diplomacy] his direct per-sonal supervision ;" for, it is added, "when you want diplomatic work done it is well to consult a professional diplomat-ist." Now what is the meaning of this ? It means simply that the work to be done was diplomacy, but that it could not have been treated openly as such ; and that since it was diplomatic work a trained diplomat should have been em-ployed in the doing of it, and that since this diplomatic work for the successful doing of which this trained diplomatist should have been employed must by no means be looked upon as diplomatic work, therefore this trained diplomatist must, while devoting to the work all his training and his skill, be "precluded from giving it his direct personal supervision." Verily there are ways by which a thing that is one thing can be made to be a thing that is another thing and yet re-main the very thing that it was ! In a recent editorial on "The Blessed Crank" The Independent named among other "cranks" of blessed memory, Thomas Jefferson, the "political crank."  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY "The peculiarity of this great statesman was that he believed morals could be carried into political life. .The Declara-tion of Independence was the crankiest political document ever promulgated. It wedded the Ten Commandments, the Lord's Prayer and the Golden Rule, and made of them a political platform." Then, we take it, that when, in October, 19oo, The Independent declared that the revolt against the theory of natural rights "grows apace," and that the "absolute generalization regarding consent" in the Declaration was Ł"likely to gasp out its last breath in the pending campaign," it was equivalent to declaring that the re-volt against the Ten Commandments, the Lord's Prayer and the Golden Rule in political life was growing apace, and that moral principle in the politics of the United States, on those points at least, was at the point of gasping out its last breath in the campaign then pending ; for it was those ideas of natural rights and of the consent of the governed which made the Declaration of Independence "the crankiest political document ever promulgated." Since it has been dis-covered that the Declaration was a mere "campaign document" of "nursery rhymes" and "sublimated demagogism," and that those who issued it "were not laying down a principle for anybody ex-cept themselves," and meant merely that "they were just as good as Englishmen," it is safe to say that it is "cranky" no longer. Jefferson did not attempt to combine the Ten Commandments, the Lord's Prayer and the Golden Rule in the Declaration, but nevertheless they were there in principle. We do not think as much can be said of the work of those who to-day find it necessary to repudiate the Declaration. They may be "cranks," but hardly the sort upon whom posterity will call down blessings. 