324 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY to be sold on Sunday are centres of vice which saloon-men have not willingly es-tablished, and which would disappear if the saloons were given the liberty to open without such an adjunct; and that the present law is fruitful of blackmail, and thereby works the corruption of the po-lice, and because of this use made of it, disrespect for law in general. Ł The Chicago Tribune thinks that the sending of a special embassy by the United States Government to see the King of England crowned "should be the last affair of the kind," and adds : "The attitude of the United States concerning future coronations should be one of dig-nified aloofness. It should not descend 'from the heights of its republican sim-plicity to take part in the childish enter-tainments of Europe in which crowns, scepters, and holy oil are of so much im-portance." This seems like a sound view of the , matter, but it snouid not be forgotten that it is now held by quite high authorities in this country that the instrument by which this nation repudiated monarchy and kingship, and upon which its republican-ism was based, especially that portion of it expressly declaring the political equal-ity of all men and asserting that the just powers of government are derived from the consent of the governed, is "fit only for the aloofness of the astral intelli-gence." Perhaps it follows then that monarchy and its "childish" accompani-ments are most eminently fit for the peo-ple of this planet, and even that those who have once been vain enough to im-agine otherwise will have to settle back into the belief that kingship is the "digni-fied aloofness" proper for the contempla-tion, acclamation and aspiration of mun-dane intelligences. On March 8, 1802, the Evening Post of this city published a translated copy of a proclamation made a short time before to the inhabitants of St. Domingo by the military representatives of the French government. It read as follows : LIBERTY. Ł EQUALITY. PROCLAMATION. On board of the Ocean, off the Cape, the 15th of Pluviose, loth year of French Republic, (6th Feb. 1802.) LE CLERC, General in Chief of the Army of St. Domingo, Captain General of the Colony. To the Inhabitants of St. Domingo. INHABITANTS OF ST. DOMINGO ! READ the Proclamation of the first Con-sul of the Republic. It assures to the BLACKS, that liberty for which they have so long foughtŠto commerce and to agri-culture, that prosperity, without which there can be no colonies. His promises will be faithfully fulfilledŠto doubt it would be a crime. , The General in Chief, Captain General LE CLERC. By order of the General in Chief, Captain General LENOIR. This proclamation, especially its last words, has a striking similarity to things of much more recent times. The meth-ods by which Napoleon extended his sway have been commonly regarded as strictly imperial, but nevertheless the method of the above proclamation is still in vogue. Nations are still, yes, and even republics, on the strength of their own unsolicited promises assuming sovereign-ty over distant people in the name of lib-erty and equality, and pronouncing it "a crime" to doubt their magnanimity ! Ł At Joliet, Ill., on the evening of March 1, just at the close of a stirring speech in behalf of the cause of the Boers, Ex-Governor Altgeld, of Illinois, was strick-en with paralysis, and died early the fol-lowing morning. Mr. Altgeld was a man of wide reputation, chiefly because 