92  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY people to work because it benefits them physically ? From the standpoint of phys-ical health a law compelling people to work, and prescribing when they shall work and what they shall do, would be far more sensible, in our opinion, than a law compelling them to be idle, and we are certain that it would be no greater invasion of their rights. Sunday Legislation Absolutely Distinct from Other Legislation We have now tried to examine this matter of Sunday legislation in the light of purely civil con-siderations, upon which Senator Hoar declares it must rest if at all. In our opinion, considered wholly from this standpoint, there is no ade-quate basis for Sunday legislation. Such legislation goes entirely beyond the principle upon which rests the legisla-tion establishing holidays, limiting the hours of labor, securing the quiet of the night, preventing disturbances, etc. When Sunday laws are amended to con-form to the principle and the purpose of the legislation mentioned, as Senator Hoar says they should be, we believe that there will be very few of them left on the statute books. But we have not yet come to that which most certainly and unmistakably shows the wide differ-ence between Sunday laws and this other legislation, and which demon-strates beyond question the fallacy of this "civic basis" idea with respect to such laws. That which stamps Sun-day legislation as absolutely distinct from all this other legislation is that religious sentiment is its basis and the maintenance of a religious observance and institution is its object. We know that this is denied, as it is partially denied by Senator Hoar, but there are some things which are denied that remain facts just  the same, and this is one of them. The history of Sunday legislation and the tenor of every Sunday statute stands in emphatic contradiction of every denial of its religious character. We cannot enter here into a full consideration of this point, but inasmuch as Senator Hoar has not avoided this phase of the subject we shall have to enter into it to some extent in concluding the examination of his position on this question. The Senator says : "The people of Massachusetts do not mean to compel any man to any religious observance by law, or to prevent by law any religious observance which the conscience of any person demands of him, unless it inter-feres with the rights of others. No church, sect, doctrine or creed is to be permitted to wield the power of the State." And further: "I do not under-take, in advocating moderate and rea-sonable Sunday laws, to put any restraint upon the conscience of my neighbor or to compel him to any religious observ-ance which his own conscience does not demand of him. I do not enter into the question of whether the Fourth Com-mandment was a divine command at all, whether it was for Jews alone, or whether it relates to the seventh or the first day of the week. I concede that the legis-lative power of the State has no right to be discussing such questions or acting upon such reasons." The True Character of Sunday Legislation Revealed This is good, and of course if it means anything it means that a religious rest day should not of itself become a matter of State legislation. But unfortunately this principle is not adhered to by Sen-ator Hoar, if we read his article correctly. He says : "A great many persons think that that day [ Sunday] of rest ought to 