294 ' THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY tion in this direction more strikingly il-lustrated than in this very matter of Sun- day laws. Instead of securing moral growth and cultivation among the classes for whom alone it can be claimed that such aid is needed, such laws contribute to just the opposite result. The day of enforced idleness is spent in ways that are demoralizing and degrading, com-pared with which honest labor through-out the day would be a moral tonic of in-estimable value. And not only is there a total failure so far as moral growth and cultivation is concerned, but the mischief into which the people fall because of this enforced idleness becomes a menace to public or-der, and grave social and political prob-lems are thrust upon society. If the purpose of Sunday laws is tot afford the masses opportunity for moral culture, then the laws which existed some centuries ago were more consistent than are those now on the statute books. In England formerly, and in the early days of this country, people were not only compelled to stop labor on Sunday but were required also "to come to the pub-lic worship of God." Thus the people were given "opportunity for moral cul-ture," and they were not allowed to de-feat the purpose of the law by staying away from the places where it was sup-posed that moral culture was to be ob-tained. Now, if moral culture is the ob-ject of the Sunday laws to-day, why do they not compel people to go to church ? The truth is that the cause of moral culture does not need the aid of Sunday legislation; it is injured by such legisla-tion. The coddling character of Sunday legislation is entirely inconsistent with the spirit of manly independence and self-direction, and, therefore, it cannot be fa-vorable to the growth of moral and spir-itual fortitude. The people who want  Sunday for moral culture will have it without the aid and intervention of the law, and they who do not want it for such purpose will only be injured by such aid and intervention. The man who expects the moral wel-fare of society to be promoted by legisla-tion legalizing open saloons and crim-inalizing honest labor and industry must have very peculiar ideas as to what con-ditions are favorable for moral growth and culture. Such legislation would be nothing more nor less than special legis-lation in the interests of the liquor traffic and the cause of social and moral degra-dation ; and of course it would be detri-mental to the peace and order of society. In a recent sermon, in Brooklyn, on "The Sunday Question," Rev. Dr. John Douglas Adam, a, minister of the Re-formed Church, insisted that the Sunday-closing law could be enforced, and ap-pealed to the city of Glasgow as an ex-ample, in these words : "The city of Glasgow is perhaps a more drunken city than New York, and yet not a single sa-loon is open on Sunday. Every one knows who has visited Glasgow what ap-palling sights of drunkenness are to be seen there on week days, and how free the city is from the scourge on Sundays. I consider Glasgow a clear argument for a more vigorous attempt at enforcement than has yet been tried." This example may serve as a good ar-gument to show that Sunday closing can be enforced, but certainly it falls very far short of showing that there is anything to be gained in the direction of temperance or the curtailment of the liquor traffic by the shortsighted and foolish policy of keeping saloons tightly closed one-sev-enth of the time and wide open six-sev-enths of the time. According to the tes-timony of this minister himself the ex- 