e NOTE AND COMMENT 193 vious, never boastful, never conceited, never behaves unbecomingly. She is not self-seeking, not easily provoked, nor does she reckon up her wrongs. She has no sympathy with deceit, but has full sympathy with truth. She is proof against all things, always trustful, al-ways hopeful, always patient." Galatians 61 7-9 : "Do not be de-ceived. God is not to be trifled with. What men sow they will reap. For those who sow the field of their earthly nature will from it reap decay; while those who sow the field of the spirit will from it reap enduring life. We must never tire of doing right, for at the proper time we shall reap a harvest if we do not grow weary." The themes of the New Testament are worthy of the best and noblest language, but until better language than that in which the King James' Version is writ-ten has been developed, it will be well to leave the Scriptures as they are. A treaty has been signed by the proper representatives for the sale of the Danish West Indies to the United States. It is expected that the treaty will be ratified by the proper authorities in Denmark and the United States at once. These islands are strategically situated with relation to the Caribbean Sea and the proposed inter-oceanic canal, and it is said that the Government is to make at Charlotte Amalia, St. Thomas, "one of the greatest fortresses in the world." The purchase price is announced as $4,500,000, being $3,000,000 less than the price asked three years ago, and $8,5oo,000 less than was asked .thirty years ago. It is expected that the name of the islands will be changed to the American West Indies. The butchers of Winona, Minn., have announced that, "commencing with Jan-uary 5, all meat markets will be closed on Sunday, and no meats will be sold or deliveries made on that day." This seems to be done by voluntary agreement among the butchers, however. A similar agreement is reported as having been entered into by most of the butchers of Freeport, Ill., and also those of Steelton, Pa. In the latter instance it is stated that "the decision to shut down on Sun-days will be generally welcomed by the Christian people of the borough," and that "it is an object in which the minis-terial association Ilas been interested." On January 24 the coroner's jury rendered a verdict in the case of the Grand Central tunnel disaster in New York City on January 8th. The en-gineer and fireman of the rear train, who had been held under heavy bonds since the accident, were exonerated from blame, and the responsibility was fixed upon the directors of the New York Central railroad. On the list of the eleven directors of this company are such well-known the names as J. P. Morgan, Chauncey Depew, John D. Rockefeller, \Arm. K. Vanderbilt, and D. 0. Mills. According to Dr. H. Willoughby Gardner, who writes in the medical journal, The Lancet, "ordinary colds are in the highest degree infectious," and the expression "catching cold" is lit-erally true. He holds that it is by con-tact with those who have colds, and not by exposure to cold and dampness, that colds are contracted. Explorers in the Arctic regions and amongst high moun-tains do not suffer from colds until they return to the haunts of civilization. 