/ reilo ell 0? 0111121127r11,13B L11LE2717 VOL. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JUNE II, 1903 X O. 24     The editor of the Pensacola (Fla.) Daily News writes us that he is " one man who does not believe in enforcing' the religious observance of any day." We are glad to receive this testimony, and also to report that many other represen-tative citizens of Florida are of the same mind. Mr. C. P. Whitford, who since the Sunday-enforcement agitation at Jacksonville some weeks ago has con-tributed several articles on the subject to the leading daily of the city, has re-ceived about seventy-five communica-tions from representative men in various parts of the State expressing approval of his position in the matter. judge W. M: Ives of Lake City, county judge of Co-lumbia County, wrote in one communica-tion : I simply desire to say amen to each sen-tence in your article, and to thank you for the interest you take in a matter which will soon bring about a religious trust. For many years I have contended against ministers and others endeavoring to form religious trusts, and to get the State to enact laws requiring me and others to worship God Nor in spirit and in truth. I foresee that the time will soon come when laws on religion will be enacted. And when the State says I must keep a day holy it will soon say I must go to churchŠand then to what church. May God bless you in your efforts to free the minds of men from priestcraft. A prominent citizen of Ocala wrote : My sentiments are aptly expressed by Vattel in his " Law of Nations " as follows : " Wor-ship consists in certain actions performed with an immediate view to the honor of God ; there can be no worship proper for any man which  he does not believe suitable to that end. The obligation of sincerely endeavoring to know God, of serving him from the bottom of the heart, being imposed on man by his very na-ture, it is impossible that by his engagements with society he should have exonerated him-self from that duty or deprived himself of the liberty which is absolutely necessary for the performance of it. It must, then, be concluded that liberty of conscience is a natural and in-violable right. It is a disgrace to human nature that a truth of this kind should stand in need of proof." Therefore I take it that any law which has a tendency to violate this right is a bad law from any standpoint morally, and legally, I take it, under our constitution. A prominent citizen of Dade City wrote : I am in hearty accord with you in your op-position to the intolerant opinions and efforts of some of our people in various localities, which lead to a subversion of the principles of the Constitution of our fathers. . . . This movement is no new departure. It is the same old spirit of persecution which deluged the olden countries with blood in the effort to make the civil subservient to the ecclesiastical power. It is the same old hydra-headed demon which every true lover of civil and religious liberty should uncompromisingly oppose. Accept my congratulations for the splendid work you are doing, and command me if I can aid you in any way. A citizen of Jacksonville wrote : I fully concur in all you say in regard to the Sunday laws. They are conceived in big-otry and brought forth in intolerance. I hope the time is past when the enforcement of such laws is possible. It is certain that not only in Florida but in all the other States the enforce- 