THE LOVE OF POWER AND THE POWER OF LOVE 165 Š it not robbery [" did not think it a matter to be earnestly desired "] to be Š Š equal with God; but made Himself of no reputation [" emptied Himself "], Š _ Š and took upon Him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of Š Š ... Š men; and being found in fashion as a man, He humbled Himself, and became Š Š _ 2 obedient unto death, even the death of the cross." It is seen in Him who, Š Š ... Š Š " though He was rich," for the sake of others " became poor," that they Š ... Š Š " through His poverty might be rich." It is seen in Him who, being divine, -,ŁŁ Š _ for the sake of others became human as they were ; who, being the Son of 2 Š Š God and of the nature of God, for the sake of others became forever the Son Š _ Š Š of Man and of the nature of man; who, being the Prince of heaven, for the Š _ Š Š sake of others voluntarily laid aside His glory and majesty and became the I:Š lowliest of the sons of earth, in whom was no comeliness nor beauty that men Š _ should desire Him when they looked upon Him ; who, being sinless and Š Š Š guiltless, willingly bore the sin of many and was numbered with the trans- Š _ Š Š gressors ; who, being in possession of immortal life, for the sake of others Š _ Š Š voluntarily poured out His soul unto death. It is seen in Him who gave up Š _ Š Š allŠeven HimselfŠfor the sake of others. Š ... Š Š The supreme manifestation of the spirit of self-exaltation, of the power Š Š of despotism and force, the world has seen in the PapacyŠthe system which Š Š Š claims to be the representative, and the only representative, of Jesus Christ on earth, and which at the same time is the legitimate and boasted successor of Š Š what was the most furious and crushing political despotism that the world Š has knownŠ" the sublimest incarnation of power, and a monument the Š mightiest of greatness built by human hands, which has upon this planet _ been suffered to appear." The Papacy has been diverse from all other des- Š _ Š Š potisms in the exercise of coercive dominion in that it has exercised that :: Š dominion as the rule of the Prince of Peace Himself. Volumes could be, Š _ Š Š and have been, written upon this point ; lack of space forbids more here. It :: - is sufficient to say that in the Papacy that which was the supreme manifesta-- Š tion of the spirit of self-sacrifice has by some infernal process been made to Š Š serve the ends of the spirit of self-exaltation. In conclusion we quote the _ Š Š words written by another as he looked back at the history of the despotism :: Š Š of the Papacy : " We know not a stronger proof of the intenseness and :: nefariousness of the love of power than the fact of its having virtually abrogated Christianity, and even turned into an engine of dominion a revela- - Łtion which breathes throughout the spirit of freedom, proclaims the essential equality of the human race, and directs its most solemn denunciations against :: - the passion for rule and empire." The supreme manifestations in the world of these two opposite spirits - are indicated by our illustration. The supreme manifestation of the spirit - of self-sacrifice, of service, of love, of moral power, is seen in Him who - " came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give His life a ran- - som for many." It is seen in Him " who, being in the form of God, thought Š Š 