EDITORIAL  99 say that there are no persons who are thus free? Then there are no persons who have Christian liberty in its fulness. But beware of hasty judgment in this matter, for this is not a liberty which proclaims itself abroad. It dwells in the heart, and its outward manifestation is often imperfect because of the imperfec-tion of the instrument through which it is manifested. The great object of civil government is to protect and maintain the rights of individuals. But perhaps as long as civil government exists there will never be complete unanimity as to just what these rights are. But one thing the world has learned, and that is that free-dom of conscience is a human right. And the world knows that the enforcement of any religious institution or observance is an invasion and a denial, not a protec-tion, of this right. It is on this recog-nized and well-established ground that we declare Sunday legislation to be an invasion of human rights, and on which we deny the assertion that it is needed for the protection of any human right. Do you realize that the question of Sunday enforcement is a very live one just now? You will when you have fin-ished reading this number of The Senti-nel, which might very appropriately be called a "Sunday Enforcement Number." So much is being said just now, and so much needs to be said, on this subject that we have been obliged to omit our "Note and Comment" department, and even then have not had sufficient space for all the matter relating to this question of enforced "Sabbath" observance that should have appeared. When you read this number of The Sentinel you should also realize that now is the time to circu-late this magazine. If you desire to  use extra copies of this issue for distri-bution, send to the publishers, who will furnish you with any number that you may desire at very reasonable rates. Why We Oppose Sunday Legislation We oppose Sunday legislation because we oppose Sabbath legislation. We op-pose the enforcement of any weekly day of rest. We oppose Sabbath legislation be-cause the Sabbath is a religious institu-tion, in the observance of which legal mandates can accomplish nothing, but only "faith which worketh by love," as declared in the Scriptures. We oppose Sabbath legislation not be-cause we do not want people to rest one day in seven, but because Sabbath rest ought not to be and can not be secured by civil enactments. We oppose Sabbath legislation not be-cause we have any sympathy with the course of greedy ¥ corporations or em-ployers in "robbing" the workingmen of a day of rest, but because we oppose laws which rob people of their right to work upon any day they may choose, and of their liberty to choose for them-selves whether they will keep the Sab-bath or not. We oppose Sabbath legislation not be-cause we do not want people to be free to obey the dictates of conscience in re-gard to Sabbath rest, but because we want them to obey the dictates of con- ' science rather than the dictates of law. They cannot do both; and just to the extent that Sabbath observance is dic-tated by law it fails to be dictated by conscience. We are opposed to Sabbath legislation not because we want people to be robbed of their manhood, but because we want 