EDITORIAL 427 ization which claims to be working for the Lord in the interests of the "Lord's day." Its object is "to maintain the ob-servance of the Lord's day," and among the "methods" which it espouses are "the protection and enforcement of Sunday laws, and the securing of better legisla-tion." Civil legislation, State legisla-tion, coercive legislation is what is meant. We submit that such "methods" in such a matter are as much at variance with the character of the kingdom of God on earth as set forth by Dr. Lorimer as was the appeal' of Augustine to the secular power to crush out the Donatists, or the assumption of Gregory VII. that it was the business of the Christian church to lord it over the kingdoms of the world. It has been the rule in the past that an appeal by Christians to the secular power in the interests of religion and its institutions has been attended by and has generally resulted from a very erroneous conception of the nature and character of the kingdom in the interests of which they claimed to be working. We sin-cerely hope that an even more lamentable and melancholy state of affairs than that is not now at hand. We do not want to see the time when Christians, while pro-claiming the true nature and character of that spiritual kingdom in which they claim citizenship, will still cling to and pursue the methods which others have adopted only when the true conception had passed from them. And yet there is something very much like that in view now. "What concord hath Christ with Belial ?" and what concord is there be-tween the kingdom of God on earth and the methods of those who appeal to civil law in its behalf ? The New Calvinism Of the different series of lectures for popular instruction given at the Cooper  Union in this city during the past winter none was been more characterized by breadth of view, keenness of perception and an intelligent grasp of the subject than that on the "History of Civilization" by Mr. Earl Barnes, of the Society for the Extension of University Teaching. In his concluding lecture Mr. Barnes sketched "The Last Century," and, fol-lowing the method which he had em-ployed throughout, he set over against one another two great and controlling characteristics of the period. During the nineteenth century it was the individual versus the mass or the ancient, author-itative institutions of societyŠindividual-ism versus imperialism and ecclesiasti-cism. As a result democracy had made great progress; popular government, popular education, and the elevation of the common man to his proper place in society had been largely realized. Church and state had been separated, and this had made greatly for individual freedom. Mr. Barnes declared, and it is an inter-esting and important point, that with the divorce of these two great dominating forces in society the individual had an opportunity to come into his own, but with them united his case was well-nigh hopeless. With church and state united the individual was powerless against the cramping and repressive domination of neither, but with separation of church and state he could be virtually independ-ent of both. Mr. Barnes meant no re-flection upon either church or state, but he simply recognized the fact to which he called attention a number of times throughout his lectures, that the tendency of all organizations, both political and ec- clesiastical, is to become more and more repressive of the individual until his free-dom of thought and action is practically suppressed. But while emphasizing the progress which has been made along the pathway 