EDITORIAL  7o9 it was not closed by national legislation, in obedience to the mandates of the champions of Sunday enforcement. But the St. Louis Exposition will be a fair test, and we shall see what we shall see. ¥3 The Independent at last sees that there was a "real diplomatic side" to the nego-tiations with the Vatican, which it thinks was that phase of the matter which had to do with the withdrawal of the friars, "which was something more than had been at first outlined to the public." It is satisfied that the negotiations shall be continued "with the properly constituted ecclesiastical authorities at Manila," but adds by way of emphasis, "Observe, at Manila," and explains such emphasis thus : While no mistake has been made yet, and while we are satisfied to have negotiations car-ried on at Manila, it is rather to be desired that they should not be transferred to Wash-ington, and that it should not look as if the Apostolic Delegate were to be a sort of am-bassador to the United States as well as an ecclesiastic in charge of the affairs of the Catholic Church. Since The Independent was so heartily in favor of the sending of the American "mission" to the Vatican, it appears to us hardly fitting and consistent for it to be making any such utterance as the above. Surely it is not possible that The Independent has become identified with those "trembling souls," to which it re-ferred some months ago when endorsing the sending of the "mission" to the Vati-can, "whose antipathy to Rome is as red as a cardinal's hat." We are unable to discover any substantial difference be-tween the relation which is sustained be-tween the Government and the Papacy when negotiations are conducted through a papal representative at Washington and that which is sustained when nego-tiations are conducted through an Ameri- can representative at the Vatican. We see no essential difference and choice be-tween that which makes it look as if a papal representative were "a sort of am-bassador to the United States" and that which makes it look as if an American official representative were "a sort of ambassador" to the Vatican. If negotia-tions between the two powers were abso-lutely necessary, especially if they were to be conducted in the sense in which The Independent and the Government have sought to have it believed that these negotiations with the Vatican were con-ducted, we should consider it as far more fitting and proper that the Pope should send a representative to Washington than that the Government should send a representative to the Vatican. The Sunday-enforcement campaign against baseball and other games, prose-cuted during the past summer by a prominent clergyman in Duluth, Minn., has called forth from the Tribunal of that city some very plain utterances on the subject which should be sounded in the ears of all those religious leaders throughout the country who are de-manding that the law shall prevent the "desecration" of the "Sabbath." The following selections may seem somewhat blunt and harsh, but we cannot say that such a tone is altogether out of place in view of the inexcusable assumption upon which the advocates of Sunday enforce-ment commonly proceed : The Sunday blue-law advocate objects to these games on Sunday on the theory that they "desecrate God's holy Sabbath ;" but what is the use of the reverend gentleman's prevarica-tionÑto use no harsher term? Why should he not tell the truth about this matter? He knows very well that the day that Moses tells us that God "blessed and hallowed" and set apart as "the holy" and "the sacred day" was not the first day of the week, or Sunday, but the sev-enth day of the week, or Saturday. About this 