412 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY more than this. Wherever lies the re-sponsibility for this criminal aggression there lies also in a large degree the moral responsibility for even the outrages which have been committed by the Fili- pinos themselves in their hopelessness and desperation. There are no people on earth, never mind how highly civilized they may be, who would not be driven to desperate deeds if they thought their fellow-citizens were betraying them and their nation to the invaders of their country. What was it that made the Tenth of August and the Massacres of September in Paris in 1792? What would occur in the United States if, while the country was being invaded by the armies of an alien race, which de-manded unconditional submission, the people believed and saw that among them were those who were yielding to the conquerors and giving them aid and information in their warfare upon the country ? There would be atrocities, of course, for there would be people fren-zied with fury, and deeds almost as abominable as those done by the Philip-pine soldiery, or the lynching mobs of the United States in recent years, would ensue. What, then, is to be expected of the Filipinos, who find themselves in exactly this condition ? It is the most natural thing in the world that they have butch-ered and tortured those of their country-men whom they deemed to be traitors to the common cause. Americans may re-gard it as a very terrible thing that a peaceable Filipino who has yielded to American authority is butchered by his countrymen, but they must remember that the Filipinos see no particular vir-tue in yielding to a foreign enemy. They no doubt regard it as many people in this country would regard it if the cir-cumstances were reversed, as simply treason to the land of their birth. The  brutality of the Filipinos is explainable upon grounds that are not altogether in- compatible with the ordinary passions and infirmities of human nature, but the brutality of the soldiery of an invading and a "superior" race is explainable upon no grounds but those which show it to be unmitigated devilishness. And why is all this written ? We can only say here that it is because we love the principles of human justice and hu-man liberty, and want it to be known that they cannot be safely disregarded. We want it known, as declared by a lead-ing journal, that "colonizing Americans are not one whit better than colonizing Italians, or Germans, or French or Eng-lish." The idea that Americans can fol-low-  in the track of other peoples with en-tirely different results is an idea that has obtained wide and deep acceptation, and it lies at the root of all that has gone wrong in recent years. But it is a mistake, a very great mistake, and one that if persisted in will bring far graver' results than have yet come. There is a higher law than the Declaration of Inde-pendence, and though it may be laughed at, they who trample upon its principles will be convicted and confounded by the very march of events themselves. In conclusion we will add that not alone in the Philippines have Anglo-Sax-ons been guilty of brutal and inhuman conduct. From South Africa have come reports of atrocities also. But it must be said that first came the news of the execution of those found guilty. These executions brought out the fact that men, women and children had been killed in cold blood by officers and soldiers in the English army. In some instances women were used as shields, and in others deliberately murdered. Little children who were seeking food and ref-uge were shot to death by English sol-diers as they approached. In view of 