THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY 623 $20 each, while most of the other cases were continued." In the case of DeMacakos, Officers Marble and Huot testified that they went to the defend-ant's store on Sunday morning, August 23. Of-ficer Marble invited his friend Huot to have a glass of soda, and they were served by the defendant, who received the pay for it. Officer Marble then cast longing glances at the candy counter, and expressed a desire for five cents worth of chocolate drops, which were quickly  done up and handed to him by the storekeeper. Officer Wade testified that he saw DeMacakos in the store on the Sunday in question. The defendant pleaded not guilty, but he was found guilty and fined $2o. Similar testimony was given in the other case, the same method having been employed to obtain evidence. A gro- ceryman was also tried and fined $20 for Sunday selling. Field Secretary 0. R. Miller of the " National Reform " Bureau, Washing-ton, D. C., made two addresses in Springfield, Mass., on September 13. In the morning at Trinity Church he " de-scribed the moral victories won under the leadership of the Reform Bureau." A summary of what he said is thus given by the Republican: The primary object of the Reform Bureau is to secure the passage by Congress of im-portant and much-needed reform legislation along the line of temperance, Sabbath observ-ance, stricter divorce laws, anti-gambling meas-ures, etc. The success of the Bureau may be seen from the fact that eight measures which have been passed by Congress were drawn up by the Bureau and introduced at its request, and by it followed up and pushed through to Ł final success. The Bureau has also prevented much bad legislation. The Bureau will work in the next Congress for a better Sabbath law for the District of Columbia, and a bill to suppress liquor selling at old soldiers' homes and an interstate and liquor bill, to stop whole-salers from shipping liquors to no-license towns, and finally an amendment to the United States Constitution prohibiting polygamy. So there is to be another attempt for " Sabbath " legislation by Congress at the coming session. Mr. Miller " highly commended Congressman Gillett for the assistance he had rendered the Bureau in securing the passage of moral meas-ures," he having " introduced several measures drawn up by the Bureau, which have been passed." In writing to the New York Journal to congratulate it on its " fearless editorial  in reference to the attack by churchmen on the public schools of this country," a " Dr. McGlynn Catholic " says : " You will have the united support of all en-lightened and progressive Catholics of these United States in your fearless work in answering these people." It is signifi-cant that it is considered a fearless thing in these days for a great newspaper to do what the Journal has done in this matter. It would not be a fearless thing were it not for the power of Catholicism in this coun-try to-day, which makes newspapers anxious to please and afraid to offend Catholics. It is to be hoped that there are vastly more " enlightened and pro-gressive Catholics " than there appear to be. A representative of the Long Island Episcopal Diocese has served notice on the tax assessors of Hempstead, L. I., that action is to be taken in the supreme court of the county " to have the assessment on the Cathedral schools of St. Paul and St. Mary set aside on the ground that they are conducted for charitable pur-poses and are therefore exempt from taxa-tion." The schools are assessed for nearly $ioo,000. The taxes for 1901 were paid under protest, the board of super-visors have refused to set them aside. If these schools are for charitable purposes it is proper to exempt them from taxa-tion ; but if they are for religious pur-poses, it is not. 