igeoffEell VOL. XVIII Oo OMUSTillARV 11113E2T7 NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JUNE 18, 1903 No. 25      Not " human necessity," but religious zeal and in some cases religious bigotry, is what causes .Sunday enforcement Sunday laws are for the protection and maintenance of an institution, not of human rights ; they are for maintaining the peace of a day, not of the community. c. Why should the law shave anything more to do with the matter of rest for the workingman than with the matter of re:-muneration for the workingman? If the,  important matter of wages can be left to employers and employees, why cannot the matter of rest be left to them also? Russia is a nation and government in which the theories of the " National Re-formers " are in actual operation. It is a " Christian " nation and government, and officially " recognizes " God. There " Christian institutions and usages have an undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land." And there the Christian religion is desecrated as no-where else to-day by tyrannies and per-- secutions in its name. The fact is that the terrible Kishineff affair was in a large measure the fruit of the " Christian nation " theory. Russia is badly in need of genuine reform, and the United States would be just as badly in need of it if it were thoroughly " reformed " in accord-ance with " National Reform " prin-ciples. In a recent address Bishop Potter well declared that " the great stumbling-block in organized labor is that the freedom of the individual is invaded." And one of the ways in which organized labor is com-ing to invade the freedom of the individ-ual to-day, and gives promise of invading it still more in the future, is in the matter of the observance of " a weekly rest day." The Jacksonville (Fla.) Times-Union writer, to whose article we gave attention last week, quoted a number of items from our " Sunday Enforcement " department in proof of the declaration that " labor is awake to t1-1 importance of the enforce-ment of a day of rest by law." Yes, " labor " is awake in this matter, as in some others. Organizations of working-men, clerks, and tradesmen are more and more decreeing and undertaking to com-pel the observance of Sunday as a day of rest in their respective lines, and they fre-quently join forces for this purpose. But Sunday enforcement by and at the de-mand of " labor " is no more right nor just than it is at the demand of the clergy. Workingmen, clerks, and tradesmen cer-tainly have a right to rest on Sunday if they want to, but they have no right, either by force on their own part or on the part of the law, to take the right to work on Sunday away from those who do not want to rest. It may be a good thing to have a weekly rest day, and to have everybody observe it, but it is not a good thing to bring this about by over- 