746 THE SENTINEL OF and effect, an establishment of the Ro-man Catholic religion in the Philippine Archipelago by treaty. The archbishop of Manila, all his suffragan bishops, and all his parish priests are now corporations sole under that treaty by the authority of the Government at Washington. They are now American corporations, and, ac-cording to the reasoning of the Supreme Court of the United States in the Provi-dence Hospital case, they are not to be considered as sectarian institutions, fall-ing within the prohibition of the first amendment, but as civil institutions, ca-pable of dealing with the Government and of receiving largesses in the form of money and lands from the United States, and worst of all, as capable of holding lands in mortmain. The friar question is only an insignifi-cant part of this tremendous Philippine religious question. The real and vital part of the business lies in the introduc-tion of corporations sole into our system as Federal corporations, in spite of the fact that the Federal Government was prohibited by the tenth amendment from erecting any corporation whatever ; the power to do so being thereby reserved to the States exclusively. To hold fran-chises or land in perpetuity, or, as the lawyers say, in mortmain, is a power del-egated to the Government itself but spar-ingly, and for specified purposes. That power cannot be redelegated. It cannot be communicated by the government of the United States to any other corporate body, sole or aggregate.. That is, it can-not be done constitutionally ; though it has been done unconstitutionally in re-gard to the Philippine ecclesiastical cor-porations and the Providence Hospital. The "right of investiture," claimed by the Pope, was fully acknowledged in the eighth article of the treaty ; and that right is the very essence of the Pope's temporal supremacy. The contest incident to its  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY establishment in Europe in the eleventh century cost millions of lives, some his-torians say not less than twenty mil-lions. The "right of investiture" has been the issue in the war in the Philip-pines under both the Spanish and the American regimes. The Filipinos have fought against it for three centuries. Our Government has by treaty not only sur-rendered to Rome this tremendous claim, but has become her instrument in the en-forcement of it against its own subjects in the Philippines, and has already spent more than a billion dollars of money col-lected from Protestants at home in this war for the maintenance of that claim against the Gallican sect in those islands. For, gy the Gallican sect, I mean those adherents of the Romish religion who deny the papal right of investiture. In this war the Americans have adopted the Romish law and practise of torture for extorting confessions and information to be used as evidence against suspected per-sons. The old Inquisitorial water-tor-ture; the old vigil, or waking torture; the old pendola, or swinging torture, have all been adopted by Americans in their zeal for aping Spain as the instru-ment of popery in this new crusade for the papal "right of investiture." To deny the right of investiture has been made sedition, punishable as trea-son, in those islands ; for to deny the va-lidity of the treaty on this point is to deny the sovereignty of the United States. I deny its sovereignty in this particular, because the Constitution has not dele-gated to it any such sovereignty, but has distinctly denied it by the first and tenth amendments. Is this sedition ? Is this treason ? If it is not treason or sedi-tion here, how can it be such in the Phil-ippines ? If it is sedition there, how easy will it be to make it sedition here, and to apply to you and me all the forms of tor-ture invented by monks and devils to 