36 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY as pertinent and far more fundamental. A ground of opposition that is funda-mental and preeminently pertinent, and one that should appeal universally to any American community and that is most proper ground of opposition for a great newspaper, is found in the fact -that Sunday-law enforcement is a plain and unmistakable disregard and viola-tion of that fundamental and most glorious canon of American civilization, -that in religious matters the citizen must be absolutely free from the dic-tation of the stateŠthe principle as--serted by the American Constitution when it, as Bancroft says, "in harmony with the people of the several States, withheld from the Federal government the power to invade the home of rea-son, the citadel of conscience, the sanc-tuary of the soul," and which is as--serted as a guaranty to every citizen of the State in the constitution of the -State of Pennsylvania in these declare-tiont "All men have a natural and indefeasable right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own conscience ; no man can of right be compelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or to maintain any ministry against his consent ; no human authority can, in any case what-ever, control or interfere with the rights -of conscience ; and no prefer-ence shall ever be given by law to any religious establishments or modes of worship." That "enforcing observ-ance of Sunday," to use the Public Ledger's phrase, is in plain and direct violation of this fundamental principle of American civilization and provision of American law is a thing too mani-fest to need argument. Ex-Judge James G. Gordon of Philadelphia de-clared last March that "it requires but a slight knowledge of history to know that the act of 1794 was passed in -deference to religious convictions,"  and that "essentially the statute was a recognition of the religious tenets of one part of the community as a rea- son for placing an interdict upon the occupations and habits of another part of the community." And it requires but a slight knowledge of the Philadel-phia Sunday-enforcement crusade _Which the Public Ledger has opposed to know that it Ins been in thorough har-mony with the act which it has en-forced. It is difficult for us to under-stand how such a plain, palpable, and gross violation of the great principle to which we have referred can be tol-erated to-day in any American com-munity, and it is equally as difficult for us to understand why the opposi-tion that Sunday-law enforcement does encounter is not based first and fore-most upon that principle, instead of being conducted upon minor grounds and almost entirely without reference to it. Why is it that there is such diffidence about asserting the cardinal principles of religious freedom and sep-aration of church and state in this matter of Sunday-law enforcement. Will anybody contend that they 'are not violated by it? It is reported from Tamaqua, Pa., that "the Ministerial Association of the Panther Creek Valley has compelled the saloonkeepers of Summit Hill to sign a stringent set of rules and vir-tually to allow the association to exer-cise supervision over their business." And of course one of the rules im-posed by the clergymen upon the sa-loonmen is "to abide by the [Sunday] law and to refrain from selling on Sunday." Among the fourteen bills which the Federation of Labor of New York State will seek to have passed at the present session of the New York Legis-lature is one for "the closing of gro-cery stores on Sunday." 