172 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY began to take part in the politics of Europe. They made war or peace, formed leagues and unholy alliances, in-trigued, plotted, plundered their neigh-bors, oppressed their subjects, and filled Italy and Europe with bloodshed and crime. The possession of temporal power corrupted the sources of Western Chris-tianity until it became the chief aim of the later popes to enlarge their possessions by force or fraud, and to add to those rich territories which they had won from the superstition of Pepin and the policy of Charlemagne. The great emperor died ; Europe fell into the anarchy of feudalism, and the bishops of Rome rose into new grandeur and importance. As the successors of St. Peter, they asserted their supremacy over kings and emperors, and claimed the right of disposing of crowns and kingdoms at will. St. Peter no longer wrote humble letters asking aid from the barbarous Frank; he thundered from dismantled Rome in the menacing tone of command. The representative pope of this new era was the illustrious, or the infamous, Hildebrand, the Cxsar of the Papacy. Hildebrand [Gregory VII.] was the son of a carpenter, but he was destined to rule over kings and nobles. As pope he aspired to rule mankind. He claimed an absolute power over the conduct of kings, priests, and nations, and he enforced his decrees by the terrible weapons of anath-ema and excommunication.... He was always the vicegerent of heaven.... He bequeathed to his successors the prin-ciple that the Bishop of Rome was the supreme power of the earth. The idea was never lost to his successors; . ..but its full development is chiefly to be traced in the character of Innocent III. Of all the bishops of Rome, Innocent ap-proached nearest to the completion of Gregory's grand idea. He was the true Universal Bishop, deposing kings, tramp-ling upon nations, crushing out heresy  with fire and the sword, relentless to his enemies, terrible to his friendsŠthe IN-CARNATION OF SPIRITUAL DES-POTISM AND PRIDE.. . . At his death in 1216, he had crushed and mortified the pride of every European monarch, had exalted the Church upon the wreck of nations, had seemingly extirpated heresy, and was become that Universal Bishop which, to the modest Gregory the Great, had seemed the symbol of Antichrist and the invention of Satanic pride. The next phase in which the Papacy exhibited itself was the natural result of the possession of absolute temporal and spiritual power; the next representative pope was a Borgia. In no other place than Rome could a Borgia have arisen ; in no other position than that of pope could so frightful a monster have maintained his power. On no other throne than the temporal empire of Rome has sat such a criminal as Alexander VI. The pope was the absolute master of the lives and fortunes of his subjects; he was also the absolute master of their souls ; and the union of these two despotisms produced at Rome a form of human wickedness which romance has never imagined, and which history shudders to describe.* POPERY confounded and incorporated the civil and the spiritual jurisdictions, and in this laid a foundation for the most monstrous usurpations and the most in-tolerable oppressions. The pontiff claimed to wield on earth the whole of that jurisdiction which Christ possesses in heavenŠto stand at the head of the civil as well as of the spiritual estateŠand to be as really a king of kings as he was a bishop of bishops. From the mo-ment this claim was advanced, all distinc-tion between the two jurisdictions van-ished, and a kind of government was set *Eugene Lawrence. " Historical Studies" (Harper and Brothers, New Yor.k, 1876). 