EDITORIAL 37 notwithstanding the State constitution contains as strict a prohibition of polyg-amy as could be desired, there has been a revival of polygamy since Utah became a State, local sentiment rendering the law practically a dead letter. So, in order to cope with what she sets forth as a most abominable evil in the land, it is im-perative to have an amendment to the Constitution prohibiting polygamy. But as the speaker described the attitude that Congressmen and officials at Washing-ton had so far shown toward the matter of this amendment, and the readiness of politicians to ignore and overlook polyg-amy for the sake of the political support of the Mormons, one could not but think that even an amendment to the national Constitution might prove as unavailing as is the present prohibition in the con-stitution of Utah. They who for political advantage oppose and prevent the consid-eration and passage of such an amend-ment will for the same reason oppose and prevent its enforcement when it is se-cured. The speaker said that at the last national election Mormon leaders came to New York and sold the Mormon vote to the leaders of the Republican party, and that it was largely because of the further Mormon political support that could be secured thereby that Senator Quay and others were now working so hard for the admission of certain terri-tories as States. Legislation prohibiting polygamy is eminently proper, for polyg-amy is radically opposed to fundamental interests of society that it is the function of government to protect, but, in view of what the friends of this anti-polygamy amendment report themselves, it is gravely to be doubted whether legisla-tion, which will necessarily have to de-pend for its enforcement upon men who will in most cases be inclined to. let the political interests involved determine their course in the matter, will prove effective. It would seem that after all the best way  to fight polygamy is to educate the people regarding its evils so that they will abhor it, for that alone can prove effective in the end. However, the effort of the W. C. T. U. to secure the passage of an anti-polygamy amendment is to be com-mended in so far as it is inspired by opposition to polygamy itself and not by opposition to the Mormons as a religious class. The Mormons should not be op-posed merely because they are Mormons any more than any other class of religion-ists should be opposed merely because of their religion. In the sphere of legisla-tion it is not the religion of the Mormons, but their acts and practices that are in-consistent with the rights and interests that it is the business of government to protect, to which consideration should be given and with reference to which action should be taken. Sunday Legislation and the Right to Labor Again THE fact that Sunday legislation is in violation of the fundamental right to labor is one that it is especially fitting to emphasize in view of the prominence that has of late been given to that right in public discussion. Therefore, although the matter was treated upon at length re-rently in THE SENTINEL, we shall con-tinue to emphasize this point from time to time, and in fact can never cease to do so while opposing Sunday legislation, for its disregard and denial .of the right to labor is one of the great wrongs of such legislation. About two months ago the editor of THE SENTINEL addressed to the editor of a religious paper in New York, one of the leading denominational weeklies of the country, the communication given below, which explains itself. No atten-tion has been paid to this communication, but we present it here not because of that fact, but because, dealing as it does with 