18 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. character; it appeals to his conscience, emotions, affections, and inspires his mo-tives. Its methods are persuasive; it aims at moral and intellectual convic-tion, which cannot be brought about by force. 'Violence does not command be-lief. A man may be constrained to say that the sun does not shine in the heav-ens, but he does not believe what he says. Galileo was compelled to recant his teaching that the earth moves ; but he struck his staff upon the earth and exclaimed, "It still moves !" Religion has never gained anything by legisla-tive penalties. Its natural weapon is love. Persecution in the name of re-ligion may make hypocrites and mar-tyrs ; it cannot make converts. The sanctions of religion are moral ; its rewards and punishments germinate in this world and ripen beyond the grave. Its punishments are for wrong feel-ings of the heart, for sins. If a man lust after a woman, or covet his neigh-bor's property, or hate him, he is amena-ble to the divine law, though his sinful feeling may not find expression in acts. He may have violated no penal statute, and may have enjoyed the esteem of his  fellow-men during a long life of out-ward circumspection, but in the eye of Him who looks into the heart of man, he is a sinner. As religion is a matter between the individual man and his Creator, there is no escape for man from his personal accountability. He cannot shift it to the shoulders of other persons, or to a church or nation. He cannot shelter himself under the provisions of a stat-ute, or the indulgences of an ecclesiasti-cal superior. He must obey God rather than man. If Nebuchadnezzar, the king, orders him to fall down at the sound of the trumpet and worship the golden im-age which human authority has erected, he should not obey, though he knows he shall be cast. into the furnace seven times heated; or, if he be ordered not to pray to God, his duty is to disobey, though before him is the certainty of being thrown into the den of lions. While he should promptly obey all the laws of civil government enacted within its proper sphere, he should refuse obedi-ence when they clash with his higher obligations. Martyrdom is preferable to sin. The Sanctity of the Right of Choice. By C. M. Snow. THE government of God is based upon the sanctity of .the right of choice. "Choose you this day whom ye will serve," said the prophet of the Most High. God Himself declares : "I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing: therefore choose life, that both thou and thy seed may live." Deut. 3o :19. The right of choice  in the matter of worship is a right which the Creator himself will not invade. With all the persuasion of a loving Father He urges men to do that which He knows to be for their good. "Turn ye, turn ye from your evil ways ; for why will ye die ?" Ezek. 33 : I I. God knows that to turn to Him means everlasting life, and that to turn away 