EDITORIAL 647 The recent meeting of the Negro Young People's Christian and Educa-tional Congress in Atlanta, Ga., is said to have struck a higher note than any heretofore sounded by the negro for him-self, and to have given evidence that the race is preparing to wisely strive in its own behalf for the true freedom of a bet-ter life, better conditions, and better ideals. In view of the fact that the con-gress brought twelve thousand negroes to the city it is regarded as remarkable that the Atlanta chief of police was able to report that their presence produced not a single case of disorder. eŁ That a President of the United States should take upon himself "to arrange with the Vatican who should and who should not represent the Catholic Church in the Philippines, would be hard to be-lieve were the official proof not in print," says the Brooklyn Citizen, which looks upon the Vatican negotiations as a "startling proof" of the extent to which the doctrines of imperialism and paternal-ism combined have prevailed at Washing-ton over the old-time conceptions of of-ficial power and duty. At the trial of Mr. W. T. Gibson for Sunday labor, reported elsewhere in this issue, a stenographer was present and took down what was said in court. We expect to present the interesting portions of the testimony and arguments in our next issue. The case was quite widely re-ported in the newspapers on the day fol-lowing the trial. Some of the Boston papers (the Post and Daily Globe) pub-lished with their conspicuous accounts of the case a good likeness of Mr. Gib-son. According to "Innominato," the New York Sun's Catholic correspondent in Rome, Leo XIII. "has a strong and un- changeable feeling of his dignity, of the greatness of his office, and of the im-measurable powers of the Papacy." He thinks this was especially demonstrated by the manner in which the Pope dealt with the several European governments in certain diplomatic negotiations with which the late Cardinal Ledochowski was especially connected. District Commissioner John W. Ross died in Washington on July 29. He had been a Commissioner for twelve years. In view of the fact that it was chiefly due to his attitude that the Sunday bills for the District were reported upon un-favorably by the Commissioners just be-fore the adjournment of Congress, it is possible that his death at this time may contribute to the adoption of this legis-lation which is to be pushed when Cqn-gress reassembles. It was reported from Sioux City, Iowa, recently that "the ministers are after the Sabbath desecrator," but that "while they are calling down the baseball game, etc., it is not recorded that they notice the fel-lows who sit around on the street all day Sunday and make remarks about the wo-men who pass." It seems to be the ambi-tion of the Sunday agitator to have everybody driven by law into the sit-around-and-do-nothing sort of "Sabbath" observance. The New England "Sabbath" Protec-tive League declares that it "seeks to awaken the heart and conscience of New England to the dangers which threaten our weekly rest and worship day." And yet on certain occasions one would be led to believe that all the efforts of this organization were being put forth in be-half of a wholly "civil holiday" for the "poor workingman." 