284 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY law, . . . what about running the street-cars ? What about running excursions by boat and rail, so generally practised without complaint, so far as I know? What about the running of passenger trains on Sunday? The operation of street-car lines is a " pursuit, business or trade," as much as bicycle racing. Yet, I ap-prehend, if I should seize the street-cars and prohibit their running on Sunday, the public would not sustain me. It would be readily claimed that the operation of street-cars, ex-cursion trains and boats is " work of neces-sity," and, therefore, excepted. Yet is not the claim rather a subterfuge than an actual truth? So with regard to operating livery, stables on SundaysŠyet I have never known a time when the livery stables were closed on Sun-day. Is either one any more " work of neces-sity" really than playing baseball or running bicycle races? In another section of the law the sheriff found that the keeping open of stores and the disposing of goods on Sunday was prohibited except " in cases of emergency and necessity," when " merchants, shop-keepers and others " might " dispose of the comforts and necessaries of life to customers, without keeping open doors." Calling to mind the fact that with the sanction of the city government " drugs, newspapers, cigars, soda-water, ice-cream, bread, cakes, fruit, ice and milk may be sold and places kept open for that pur-pose " on Sunday in Jacksonville, the sheriff observed that " here again we have considerable latitude." " Is soda-water a necessity ? " he asked himself. "Are cigars necessities ? Could they not be purchased on Saturday? How about ice-cream and fruit? " But he was not dis-posed to set up his judgment " against what seems the universal judgment of the people in construing the meaning of the words ' necessaries ' and ' comforts ' " ; he did not think it his duty " to dispute with the public the fact of such things [as livery stables, excursions, street-cars, and other things that " might be added to almost indefinitely "] coming under the head of ' work of necessity.' " - But all this convinced him that the step he was  asked to take was " not a certain and plain one, free from difficulty." Be-cause of the uncertainty as to whether it was his duty to act in the matter he. desired the citizen who made the demand. " to share the responsibility " with him " by making affidavits and securing war-rants for the arrest of the parties violat-ing the law." This the citizen " declined to do,, asserting that it was my [the sher-iff's] duty to stop the racing without any warrant." The sheriff then consulted an attorney, who gave it as his opinion that the racing on Sunday was a violation of the law. The sheriff informed the lawyer that if he took action in the matter it seemed to him that " similar action would'  have to follow in other instances," and that he did not think the governor of the State would hold him " responsible, for determining what was and what was not a violation of law," nor require him " toŁ act without a warrant " in such cases. The attorney then advised him to " go to,  see the governor and lay the whole matter before him." This he did, his motive be-ing " to ascertain my duty from the highŠest source," and then, " when it was. clear," " to perform it." The governor told him that it was his duty " to enforce laws as they exist on the statute books.'' All this we learn from a rather lengthy and certainly unusual "notice," or "maniŠfesto " as the newspapers style it, that the-sherif f, by advice of his attorney, caused' to be published on April i6. Having given the history leading up to his act, the sheriff concluded the document by giving this notice : Having ascertained that in the opinion of my counsel such racing is in violation of the-statute, and that I have authority to make-arrests in such cases without warrants, I here-by give notice that I will arrest all parties en-gaging in the business of bicycle racing on-Sunday. I give further notice that baseball and other games, operation of shooting gal-leries and the like, will not be permitted on Sundays. . . . I give further notice that if 