THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY 655 tion Š it is given its deserved " voting down." This matter of Bible read-ings in the public schools is like the ghost in the play; it will not down. It was in great evidence at the meetings of the Religious Education Association which met in this city recently. To our great surprise some of the promi-nent professors of the great universi-ties of the country advocated it. Of Ł course, the church forgets that in call-ing on the state for help it is incrimi-nating itself. It simply pleads its inability to do the work etrusted to its care, and, like a mendicant, keeps knocking at the doors of the state for help. The Israelite makes this comment on Bishop McPaul's recent utterance in New York : Bishop McFaul needs to be informed that America can never be dechris-tianized, because it would first have to be a Christian country before it could be dechristianized. This coun-try is neutral on the question of re-ligion. It has nothing to do with re- .ligion at all. The bishop does not know the kind of indictment he is drawing up against the home and the church when he says that the teaching there is not sufficient. If religion were pro-perly taught in the home and the church, if parents and preachers and Sabbath school teachers went before and showed the children the way in which to walk, the children would get all the religious instruction they needed. But religion is not taught properly in the home nor the church. Parents are not the exemplars of virtue which they would have their children be. The example set before them in the home is more effective than all the teaching of the church or public school. The teaching in the schools is after all only of secondary importance. The church should forever have done with an attempt to bring about alliance be-tween itself and the state. The glory of this country would be turned into gloom if Bishop McFaul's plea for a marriage between church and state should ever be listened to and acted upon. A special report on " the use of the Bible in the public schools " was read, discussed and accepted at a meeting of the executive commission of the " Wes-tern or American Section of the Alli-ance of the Reformed Churches Throughout the World Holding the Presbyterian System " in New York last April. In this report it was advo-cated that " steps be taken to obtain a uniform interpretation of the law throughout the different States " in the matter of the Bible in the schools, and it was stated that " the ministry of this alliance can do good service in giving their people proper instruction and guidance upon this matter, and thereby create a healthy public senti-ment to retain the Bible in the public schools in the place of honor and use-fulness." It was also stated that " this subject might be very properly brought from time to time before supreme courts by the different branches of this alliance." The Winnipeg (Manitoba) Telegram of September 28 reported that " the fiat has gone forth that the shoe-shining parlors will not be allowed to open on Sunday in the future." On the preceding day ." all these places were closed," and " many who had waited until the Sabbath to have their boots cleaned were obliged to get their servants to break the Sabbath or do it themselves, or else observe the sanc-tity of. the Sabbnth by leaving it un-done." It was recently reported from Ter-rell, Tex., that " Constable Joe Austin has announced through the local press that hereafter the Sunday law will be strictly enforced," and that " all parties selling cigars, groceries, and other articles in that line will be pros-ecuted." 