Christianity versus National Profession By W. N. Glenn THE chief characteristic of Christian- ity, as exemplified by Christ him-self, is unselfish love, self-denial for the sake of the needy. The Christianity of Christ makes no exception among classes or conditions of men. His promise is, " Him that cometh unto me, I will in no wise cast out." The criminal class was not excepted, as instanced by the thief on the cross. The further promise is, " Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow." The enemies of Christ complained that he received sin-ners, and ate with them. Nor is the most loathsome disease a barrier to admittance to his kingdom. He laid his hand on the leper, and made him welcome. The blind pauper was not ignored ; the King of the real Christian nation ministered to his great need, and he became a naturalized citizen. The insane man of Gadara was restored to reason and made a missionary of the cross and of the kingdom. The great contrast between this mag-nanimous course and the principles enun-ciated by this professed " Christian na-tion " is portrayed in the immigration law passed at the last session of Congress. Here are' a few of the classes excluded from the benefits of our peculiar national Christianity " : Epileptics, and persons who have been insane within five years previous; persons who have had two or more attacks of insanity at any time previously; paupers; persons likely to be-come a public charge; professional beggars; persons afflicted with a loathsome or with a dangerous contagious disease; persons who have been convicted of a felony or other crime or misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; polygamists, anarchists, or persons who believe in or advocate the overthrow by force or vio-lence of the government of the United States or of all government or of all forms of law, or the assassination of public officials; pros-titutes, and persons who procure or attempt  to bring in prostitutes or women for the pur-pose of prostitution; those who have been, within one year from the date of the applica-tion for admission to the United States, de-ported as being under offers, solicitations, promises or agreements to perform labor or service of some kind therein; and also any person whose ticket or passage is paid for with the money of another, or who is assisted by others to come, unless it is affirmatively and,  satisfactorily shown that such person does not belong to one of the foregoing excluded cla.sses. This marked contrast is not cited for the purpose of criticizing the Govern-ment's policy. From a sanitary and social standpoint there are no doubt good rea-sons for this restriction and regulation. But does this immigration regulation har-monize with Christianity? What would be said of the Christian church that would make such distinctions between the vari-ous classes of men who should knock at its doors ? " The earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein." Would Christianity, which is God's idea of equal rights, say that sick people and poor people shall not be allowed to better their condition by a change of locality? Would God say that people so overcrowded that they can hardly get enough to eat in one part of His earth shall not go to another part and settle in uninhabited localities? No; such regulations are inspired by the wisdom of man, and, like the regulations of every other worldly government, are designe'd for home benefit exclusively, regardless of the welfare of others. There is in it no recognition of the commandment, " Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thy-self." A civil ggvernment on the basis of this commandment would be of short dura-tion in a sinful world. So we cannot con-demn the rulers of earthly governments 