EDITORIAL 431  it is important that the knowledge of all this and its real meaning should be brought to the attention of all the people. c.,1 Sunday Ozdinance Judicially Annulled The campaign for Sunday closing of stores by law in St. Joseph, Mo., has brought forth a decision from Police Judge Carolus to the effect that the city ordinance on the subject is invalid be-cause unreasonable. The opinion was rendered on April 23 in the cases of a number of clothing merchants who had been arrested for Sunday opening at the instance of the Retail Grocers' Associa-tion. As the opinion is not long, and is of interest throughout, we present it al-most entire : In passing upon laws generally called "Sun-day Laws," the courts of the various States differ widely in their opinions, largely due to statutory regulations and the policy of each State. They all agree, however, in holding that any law which might be based on the idea of the holiness of the day, or the observance of any particular day as compulsory, to be void, for the reason that the Constitution of the United States guarantees to Jew, Gentile, Mohammedan, and every other sect, equal rights of worship, according to the dictates of their own conscience, which necessarily allows them to worship on any other day than the Sabbath. And on this ground it has been held in some States that a Jew, having worshipped on Saturday, was not amenable to a law setting apart another day as the Sabbath. The ground upon which Sunday laws are sustained, therefore, is not because of the nature of the day itself, but in order that those who wish, may worship on some particular day without being disturbed or offended by the noise and turmoil of business. Another reason given by the law writers is that, by nature, man should be entitled to rest at least one day in seven, in order that the race may be preserved and not driven to destruction by unscrupulous, selfish men who would com-pel labor without cessation, taking advantage of the circumstances of the unfortunate. The object of the law being for the preser-vation of comfort and welfare of the race, giv-ing to each the protection necessary to allow him to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience, interfering with none, there-fore a law which does not secure these ends, or which, endeavoring to secure these ends, reaches beyond its intended purpose, may in-flict limitations, which may utterly destroy the beneficent objects of its creation. So that it is one of the reasons which might be urged against the validity of a law or ordinance that it is unreasonable. This ordinance has been before me upon numerous occasions and every conceivable ob-jection except the present one urged against its validity, but up to the present time all such objections were held to be without merit. A number of years ago it was before the Court of Appeals on a question whether its general clause, "or other places of business," included any business that was not of a like nature with "stores and shops," and the court held practically that it covered everything. The question of its reasonableness was not in the mind of the court, nor was it raised in that case. The very broad sweep given to this ordi-nance in that case, reported in the 47 Mo. Ap-peal Report, simply aggravates the question now before me. If the ordinance would bear the construction contended for it by the de-fendant in that case, that it must be limited to "stores and shops" and "other places of business" similar in nature, I should still hold the ordinance reasonable and valid. But in the face of this decision it is practically unlimited, including everything. If a prescription were filled by a druggist to save a human life, this*  would be no defense to the selling of the drug. If the object of the law is to save and preserve humanity, such a law could not stand. This is contrary to reason, and therefore the law must be held to be void. Moreover, it is the policy of the State to ex-cept the sale of drugs, provisions and neces-saries, and our State laws make these excep-tions, but our ordinances do not. . . . The 'ordinance is for the foregoing reasons held to be void, and the defendants are dis-charged. The point here made against this Sun-day ordinance is no doubt sound, al-though it is sustained by rather strict con-struction. Of course Sunday legislation itself is not called in question, but on 