676  ¥ THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY paid, and the church authorities in Cali-fornia some time ago got the Govern-ment to take the matter up, and now it has come before The Hague tribunal. The pleadings in the case were begun in behalf of the United States by Senator Wm. M. Stewart, of Nevada, who con-tended that the proceeds of the "Pious Fund" were always intended for promot-ing "the civilization of the natives of  California and the propagation of the Catholic religion in those regions." Arch-bishop Riordan, of San Francisco, is in attendance with special counsel, who will also participate in the legal discussion be-fore the tribunal. It is interesting to note that while the sum originally set aside was $1o,000, the fund is now claimed to amount to nearly $2,000,000, and the amount claimed as interest is $99o,000. The "National Reform" "Christian" Lobby- ing Machine. [Owing to the fact that in late years its efforts have not been centered so much upon measures so utterly mischievous and opposed to the principle and practise of church-and-state separation as was the case formerly, THE SENTINEL has not had occasion to say as much in late years concerning the "National Reform" organization and its work as formerly. But this organization is still very much alive as far as its activities for national legislation are concerned, and it has by no means given up the "Sabbath" and other measures which it urged upon Congress so persistently some years ago. It was never better prepared to work for the accomplishment of its ends than to-day, and when the time is deemed ripe it will no doubt strike again for the passage of those measures that have been allowed to fall into the background temporarily. Believing that it will be of interest to the readers of THE SENTINEL we present herewith the greater portion of a two-column dispatch sent to the New York Evening Post by its special Washington correspondent on September 5, and published in that paper on the following day under the heading, "A Christian Lobbyist," in quotations. Although the "present aims" of this "Christian" lobbying bureau may be very praise-worthy in themselves, it must be evident to anyone who will read this account carefully that there is being built up, if there has not already been fully established, a powerful religio-political machine whereby the religious element of the nation that is in sympathy with this thing can bring to bear upon Congress in favor of legislation that is desired a pressure wholly out of proportion to the power and influence to which it is entitled when con-sidered with reference to the number of citizens represented. And thus, while this power to which congressmen now so readily yield may now be exerted in behalf of measures that in themselves are proper enough, it is as certain as anything can be that sooner or later this power will be used in compelling the enactment of religious legislation. When the religious element constitutes itself into a political force and becomes powerful as a political machine it will never fail to use that power sooner or later for strictly religious ends, and that will mean religious legislation and religious persecution.ÑEmoxl WHATEVER opinion individuals may have concerning any or all of the legislative measures for which the National Reform Bureau, of which Dr. Wilbur F. Crafts is the superintendent, may be working, its importance as a fac-tor in the life of this capital cannot safe-ly be disregarded. Dr. Crafts calls him-self "A Christian Lobbyist." He de-serves the credit of having discovered, as it were, the latent power of the religious  people in this country, chiefly the mem-bership of the evangelical churches, and of devising means of applying that power to the wheels of current legisla-tion, with results which have been strik-ing. These show the power of organi-zation and of method, and they inciden-tally reveal some of the facilities which Uncle Sam offers to anyone skilful enough to utilize them. "I can reach a thousand persons for a 