THE RELIGION AND PUBLIC EDUCATION ISSUE 729 the current of the time, and the public school system runs with the current, not by intention, but simply because all things run that way, and also by mak-ing no stand against the prevailing error. It seems the constitution of the State will not permit the system either to oppose religious error or to favor it. Therefore all true Christians must sooner or later remove their children from the public schools. . . . This exodus will create a situation with which the state, willy hilly; must deal. In spite of the theorists, and their speeches and arguments, when the state faces a condition, and not a theory, it must act. While Mr. Geer's interesting letter is of moment to Chris-tians, it fails to touch the core of the question. It cannot interest agnostics, for example, or the indifferent, or such Christians as confine religion to a church building and one day of the week. These people do not believe in religious training in the schools. . . . Moreover, they are all firm believers in the dissociation of church and state; they are firmly persuaded that it would Ł be a union of church and state to teach religion to those that desire it ; and, if agnostics, they are happy in the con-viction that public school training is doing very much to banish the ancient superstition called religion. Since Mr. Geer's letter does not appeal to these people, it fails to handle the question vitally. His opponents simply deny his conclusions, refer him to the constitu-tion, and ask pointedly : What are you going to do about it? In this question is the very heart of the whole matter. What are all they whoŁ believe as Mr. Geer does going to do about it? The Catholics and some Lutherans and many others have taken one method of actionŠby public protest for the gen-eral benefit, and by building their own schools for the children's benefit. The vital point is : How many American citizens want religious training for their children in the public schools? Let them stand up and be counted. My own opinion is that one-third of our population are in favor of that propo-sition; that is, about 25,000,000 of be-lievers would vote substantially to res-cue a great system of public education  from the control of indifferentism or agnosticism. If so many favor the pro-position, if they can be organized to make their influence felt, then, all theories to the contrary and in spite of all opposition from any source, the thing can be done. One-third of the population, acting in concert for a cer-tain end, create a situationŠa situa-tion which enables them to ask the other thirds pointedly: What are you going to do about it? This is the only way to present the matter to the oppo-sition, which will not accept Mr. Geer's sound and forceful facts and reason-ings. There are really no difficulties in the way of teaching religion in the schools except the one which I have suggested, namely, that the proper numbers have not asked for it. The difficulties .put forward by the theor-ists are purely artificial. Some declare that the insuperable objection is the unconstitutionality of the matter. You can convince no acute lawyer of that fact ; personally, I have never been able to see it; and, if it be true, an organ-ized minority of one-third can amend the constitution quite easily. Others maintain that with the different beliefs it would be a sheer impossibility to pro-vide the peculiar instruction needed by the various denominations. Noth-inq is impossible to Americans; and if it be necessary to convince our edu-cational authorities that the measure can be easily and well done, let them be sent to Canada, to England, to Ger-many, where they will find working models. In Canada, for example, any sect may have its own school, board, teacher, text-book and method at the expense of the state ; the same in Eng-land ; in Germany the government pays. the clergy to attend the schools after school hours and instruct the children in the faith of their parents. Surely we can improve on European methods. The most powerful, because the most popular, difficulty to religion in the public schools is the belief that it would bring about that dreaded union of church and state which the constitu-tion forbidsŠand just one man in sev-enty-five thoroughly understands. Of the writers and speakers who wax fluent and wrathy on the subject of this 