514  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY it was set forth that the officer himself had tried it and found that it "was by no means painful"; that eleven Filipinos suffering from the fever had been cured by it; that the Spaniards had always had to employ it in governing the natives: and that it was practised by the police in the United States ! Counsel for the de-fense offered to prove that it had been used by the police authorities in New York City during the time when Mr. Roosevelt and General Grant were po-lice commissioners. This testimony was excluded. Although it does not appear to have been done in this instance, coun-sel will probably be ready, when the oc-casion requires, to show that people are burned at the stake in the United States, and that therefore a similar offense in the Philippines can be nothing serious. The method of defending one brutality by appeal to another, which seems to have been quite widely adopted in this matter, has possibilities which have not yet been exhausted, but which .are not pleasant to contemplate. And the whole method from beginning to end is repul-sive and abhorrent. ¥ A fair specimen of the treatment that is being accorded the Declaration of In-dependence and its fundamental princi-ple to-day by leading men is clearly pointed out by Hon. Geo. S. Boutwell, of Massachusetts, in the words which we print elsewhere. According to Senator Lodge, "the American Revolution . . . converted the doctrine that all civilized governments ultimately derive their powers from the whole body of the com-munity, from a dream to a maxim." Cer-tainly that was a marvelous accomplish-ment, to convert a doctrine "from a dream to a maxim," especially such an elusive doctrine as is here enunciated, which simply means for the doctrine that was really announced its conversion from  a maxim back to a dream. It happens, as is plainly indicated by Mr. Boutwell, that Senator Lodge's paraphrase em-bodies an altogether different doctrine from that of the "standard maxim for free society" which the fathers set up. That maxim was not pronounced in the halting accents of those who are afraid of what they are saying, nor encumbered with the qualifying limitations which serve to give it any meaning and make its repudiation as proper as its perform-ance. It spoke of "governments," not "civilized governments" ; it held and stated plainly that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, not that they "ultimately derive their powers from the whole body of the community." "The whole body of the community" is a good expression, but it lacks somewhat the ¥ ring of that which implies an equal voice in the gov-ernment by all the governed, which the Declaration meant, and of which Abra-ham Lincoln once declared, "that, and that only, is self-government." Lincoln had to meet limitations of this character on this same point in his debates with Douglas, and were he living to-day he would no doubt with even greater earnestness, and with possibly the substi-tution of some other word for that of "Democrats," make the appeal that he did at Springfield, Ill., in June, 1857: "I appeal to allÑto Democrats as well as othersÑare you really willing that the Declaration shall thus be frittered away ?" The Indepindent is not pleased with the misrepresentations with regard to the public schools in the Philippines now ap-pearing in Catholic papers, and regards them as "intended to injure the policy of the Administration" in the govern-ment of the islands. It declares that "just now the desire of the Administra- 