EDITORIAL 185 has advanced immeasurably beyond; it is his instruction to the Catholic masses that has checked the onward march of Socialism, which, but for that, would have long since gone to the wildest excesses, and which halted when that section of the working classes was rent from them, and -for which Socialism hates him and the Catholicity which he shapes and guides. It is his words that have controlled the clamors of the laboring classes.... And it is the voice of his marvellously strong personality that has disarmed the hitherto unbridled tyranny of the rulers of certain nations, and made mercy and , justice prevail. And all that without armies, without fleets, without riches, without a king-dom, and without a home. A proof, some one will say, uttering the modern thought, that the Papacy is greatest when shorn of its temporal power. No; a thousand times no! On the contrary, if there is anything that shows the necessity of the temporal' independence of the Popes, not necessarily in a domain of great extent or magnificence, but of a sufficient ex-tent for freedom, it is precisely the beneficent influence which Leo XIII. exerts as the teacher of the world. "Thou art Peter." It is a solemn admoni-tion which the world has often had before, that only in that clear light, streaming as it does from heaven and illuminating the Rock of Peter, can the nations find their way through the moral and intellectual night which envelops the pathway of human society. It is a declara-tion that only the Lumen de Coelo can lead to safety and salvation. It is the expression of a hope which we trust may be realized, that ere our earthly Lumen de Coelo mingles its radi-ance with the splendors of the Eternal Court, the world may profit still more, for its peace, its happiness, and its truth, from the glorious life of that High Priest of God to whom it owes so much, and that even the most remote and alien of nations may recognize and ac- knowledge as one of the greatest benefactors the world has ever known the immortal Pon- tiff who, especially as the Lumen de Coelo, has been the representative of the Saviour of mankindŠthe marvellous, the splendid, the beloved Leo XIII. :Ł As one exhibition of "the extraordinary devotion displayed at this Lenten season " the New York Sun presents this, which is not without significance : On Passion Sunday, or the fifth Sunday  in Lent, two weeks before Easter, fifteen hundred men of social, political and intellec-tual prominence in New York will enter a Lenten retreat at the Roman Catholic Church of St. Francis Xavier and continue their de-votions daily until Palm Sunday, or the Sun-day before Easter. Among them will be three Justices of the Supreme Court, Justices O'Brien, O'Gorman and Giegerich, and the rest are all men of superior standing in this community. They will manifest their religious faith by attending mass at 8 o'clock in the morning of every day of that week and a service at 8 o'clock each evening, and at early morning mass on Palm Sunday they will re-ceive the Holy Communion. It will be for them a week of special religious meditation and their thought will be further led in a spiritual direction by sermons preached daily. " The Senator might say something to hurt a friendly foreign nation, or he might uncover a dire Jesuit plot, all of his own imagining, in a way to of fend the Catholic vote," said the New York Evening Post on the i ith instant in re-marking on the reluctance of " the Re-publican managers " of the Senate to permit the publication in the Record of the speeches of Senator Morgan against the Panama treaty, made in secret ses-sion. The Post may have been only half in earnest, but nevertheless there is abundant reason to believe that in these days " the Catholic vote " is coming to be a mighty influence with politicians and statesmen. We are told on all sides that the ob-servance of " Lent " is more widespread this year than ever before. One reason or excuse that is presented for its increas-ing observance by Protestant churches is that " there is no longer danger of what was called ' Popery.' " Whether the increased observance of " Lent " means anything or not, it is very certain that there is significance and meaning in this reason or excuse that is offered for its observance. 