40 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the successor of the prophets, who spoke not to individuals but to communities, "the preach-er ought to devote at least one of his 'twelve addresses a month (counting prayer meetings) to social themes." There is "one reform topic" peculiarly appropriate to each month. From these twelve topics "may be developed the fol- lowing sociological year": "Third week of January (containing annual `Day of prayer for colleges'), 'Moral and social functions of education.' "Week of February containing Washington's Birthday (suggesting next problem of patriot-ism), 'Municipal reform.' "Week containing St. Patrick's Day, March 17. 'Immigration.' "Week beginning first Sabbath of April (World's week of prayer for the Sabbath'), 'The Lord's Day and the rest day.' "First week of May, 'The labor problem' (May r being the world's 'Labor Day' by custom). "First week of June, 'The family' (June be-ing the wedding month). "Week including July 4, 'National reforms' (Independence Day suggesting the theme). "First week of August (the devil's harvest month), 'Amusements, with special reference to purity.' "Week beginning fourth Sabbath of Septem-ber, 'Gambling' (suggested by gambling at fairs and on harvest, and betting on fall elections). "Week beginning last Sabbath of October ('Prison Sunday'), 'Prevention and punish-ment of crime.' "Week beginning fourth Sabbath of Novem-ber ('World's temperance Sunday,' by vote of many church conferences), 'The liquor prob-lem.' "Week beginning second Sabbath of Decem-ber, 'The new charity' (suggested by holiday charities)." Not only the churches but the Y. M. C. A. and other societies and clubs "may be induced to join in this 'Topic-a-month' course of pa-triotic studies." An outline of each topic and a short bibliography of it are given. These bibliographies 'or "readings" are particularly rich in references like these: "See 'My Practical Christian Sociology,' pp. 83-112; also my 'March of Christ Down the Centuries.' See my 'Sabbath for Man' and 'Civil Sabbath.' " These references show that the author of the document is the Rev. Wilbur Fisk Crafts, de-scribed by "Who's Who in America" as "now Supt. Internat. Reform Bureau, to secure moral legislation in U. S. and Canada by lectures, literature and personal lobbying." The Sun very properly and pertinently says that "there is no apparent good reason why the Government should pay the International Reform Bureau's print- ing bills, or advertise the publications of its esteemed superintendent and personal lobbyist." It is evident that "Patriotic Studies," printed as a public document at public expense and carried through the mails absolutely free, is not in any sense "Government matter," but is the most pronounced of "National Reform" mat-ter, and there is about as much reason for its being printed as a public document as there is for the publications of the American Tract Society to be issued as public documents at public expense. The fact that such an abuse can be per-petrated by it indicates how great is the influence at Washington of this church-and-state, "Christian" lobbying machine, known as the "International Reform Bu-reau." It is enough that this Bureau is constantly working at the national capital in bold defiance of the principle of sep-aration of church and state ; it is carrying the matter entirely too far when the Gov-ernment is made an active party to this propaganda. It is very peculiar that in these days when many excellent period-icals are all but denied the privilege of second-class rates in the mails, that the franking privilege is extended to "Na-tional Reform" literature, so that it is car-ried through the mails absolutely free; and not only that, but is printed at public expense and given the sanction of the Government's imprint. Here is an abuse that needs looking into. But, if it is car-ried a few more times as far as it has been in this late instance, it may be that it will be the means of its own undoing. The attention given the matter by the Sun points in that direction. No morality is safe until it is enthu-siastic. No man can be confidently counted on to do the right till he does it at the push and the thrust of warm mo-tive working from within outward.ŠDr. C. H. Parkhurst. 