The Supremacy of the Papacy By Alonzo T. Jones XIII How the United States was Represented at the Vatican 1 N 1892 the Papacy announced in the I  United States that what she has done for other nations in the past she will now do for the United States ; and this in or-der that in Europe the example may be followed, and so this be " the source of new life for Europeans," and of an " out-pouring of light that will mark a date in the history not only of the United States, but of all humanity." It was in 1893 that Satolli delivered the " salute " of Leo XIII. to " the great American Republic," and also Leo's " call upon the Catholics of America to go for-ward " and " bring your country into im-mediate contact with that great secret of blessedness "Šthe Papacy. And it was in that same year that Prof. Thos. O'Gorman, of the Catholic Uni-versity at Washington, represehted Ca-tholicism as the Christianity of America; claimed that America is Catholic " by right of discovery and possession dating back almbst nine hundred years," and " an acquaintance between America and the Church in times when the only Christian-ity in existence was Catholic" ; and de-clared that the United States is " a nation that shall find its perfection in Catholic Christianity." In furtherance of these designs and sentiments the Papacy has been directly and industriously working these ten years ; and not by any means in vain. The opening of the Spanish-American war was a great opportunity for her to crowd herself upon the government of the United States for recognition. And when Cuba, Porto Rico, and the Philip-pines fell to the possession of the United States, these, being solidly Catholic, only enlarged her opportunity. And so lately  as only last summer the whole world saw a commission officially appointed by the United States government to visit the Vatican in negotiations with the Papacy, as the consequence of conditions in the Philippines. All the other nations looked on with intense interest, and nearly all with feelings of disappointment that this nation, which had set to the world the one splendid example of how a nation can get on prosperously absolutely with-out Rome, should now find her interests and her place in the presence of the Papacy in Rome. What was the occasion? The govern-ment of the United States had succeeded to the place of the government of Spain in the Philippines. Spain had suffered insurrection of the Filipino people be-cause of general and intense dissatisfac-tion created by the religious orders, or friars of the Catholic Church. The United States governmtnt found the same source of perpetual hindrance to peace and governmental order. The United States asked that the Papacy withdraw the friars. It was suggested that if only the matter could be talked over quietly by the Papacy and repre-sentatives of the United States in Rome, a satisfactory settlement of the matter could very easily be arrived at. This view was accepted, and a commission of three was appointed. And how was the commission com-posed ? Bear in mind that there was a matter in controversyŠnot necessarily an antagonistic controversy, but a difference of view that needed to be accommodated Šbetween the Papacy and the United States government. The United States government was one party to the con- 