206 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of regard for that day very seriously weak-ened, if not destroyed. Notice, the "morally disastrous" effect lies not in the attitude toward the liquor traffic, but in the attitude toward Sun-day. Again on the same point: To say that a city should have power to al-low the most damaging trade in the whole land, a trade which for hundreds of years no State or city has dared to allow to rank with other trades, but from stern necessity has sub-jected it to stringent measures of repressive management ; to give, we say, a city the right to set an example to the whole State of be-stowing the privilege of doing this business on a day on which no business but works of char-ity and necessity is allowed, would be the transferring to the city a power of legislation upon a class of subjects which cannot be trans-ferred to any subordinate organization what-ever without universal demoralization. Ł Owing to its length the above sentence may not be perfectly clear at first, but a second reading will show that the thing, which it is declared will bring about "universal demoralization" is not the transfer of the control of so damaging a trade to a city, but the transfer to,a city of the power to bestow upon this trade the privilege of doing "business on a day on which no business but works of char-ity and necessity is allowed." The rub comes not in the power to deal with the liquor traffic, but in the power to regu-late Sunday observance, and in this lies "universal demoralization." Those who are against local option in this matter profess to be astounded at the idea that Sunday observance should be submitted to the test of the ballot-box. The prospect of a man's having the op-portunity to vote against the laws which enforce Sunday observance is to them something fearful to contemplate. They cannot understand why the principle of local option should be applied to "the Sabbath." From many sources come words similar to these: This is not a question of expediency or local convenience. It is world-wide in its character and eternity-reaching in its influence. It is scarcely worth while for men to talk about the law or laws regarding the observance of the Sabbath. Men are free to make laws, but there are laws that were never made by men, and laws which no man can repeal. They are the laws which were thundered down Sinai, and which we call the Ten Commandments. Such words are supposed to be suf-ficient to end all debate with regard to 'local option on anything involving Sun-day observance and enforcement. Now, the plain truth is that both par-ties to this debate are occupying unten-able positions, and out of the mouths of those who hold it is the position of each condemned. The true position in this matter of Sunday observance is that which leaves the action of every indi-vidual to the dictates of his own con-science. The most ' sovereign political power is too local, its sphere is too cir-cumscribed, for it to legislate regarding religious duties and observances, and the smallest political unit is too great and too sovereign to deal with such matters. Such things are to be decided for each individual by his own conscience, and can never rightfully come within the sphere of action of either the greatest or the smallest political power on earth. When those who advocate local option talk of "personal liberty," "the dictates of individual conscience," "the right of the individual to decide for himself," and declare that "the right conscience has no right to impose its will upon the wrong conscience," they strike the right princi-ple. But they fall very far short of its application in the proposition of local op-tion, for the matter is not left with the individual conscience then any more than it is when it is decided by the voters of an entire State. The proper "local option" in this mat- 