THE SUPREMACY OF THE PAPACY 89 sion, and made the following declara-tion : The present council lawfully assembled in the city of Constance, and representing the whole Church militant, holds its power im-mediately of Jesus Christ, and all persons of whatsoever state or dignity (the papal not ex-cepted) are bound to obey it in what concerns the faith, the extirpation of the schism, and the reformation of the Church in its head and members.ŠId. The council sent messengers to John, notifying him that there was no violence intended him, and giving the emperor's assurance that none should be offered him. Therefore, if he refused to return, or to appoint deputies to effect in due form his resignation for him, then the council would proceed against him as guilty of perjury and the author of the schism. The messengers found John at Brisac. He promised them an audience the next day. But, in the interval thus gained, he fled again. The messengers followed, and overtook him at Friburg. They made sure that he should not again have a chance to escape by putting them off : they invaded his bedchamber, and delivered their message to him as they found him in bed. To the messengers John replied that he was ready to perform his promise to re-sign the papacy " upon the following con-ditions, and no other " : I. That the emperor should grant him a safe-conduct in due form, such as he himself should dictate. II. That a decree should be issued by the council granting him entire freedom and se-curity, and exempting him from being mo-lested upon any account whatever. III. That a stop should be put to the war against the duke of Austria. IV. That after his resignation he should be appointed perpetual legate over all Italy, or enjoy, during life, the Bolognese and the county of Avignon, with a yearly pension of  thirty thousand florins of gold; and that he should hold of no person whatever, nor be obliged to give an account to any person of what he had done or might henceforth do. Id. Meanwhile the council met in fifth reg-ular session, in which it confirmed all the transactions of the previous sessions, es-pecially that which related to the supe-riority of the council to the pope. In this session it was further decided that the pope was obliged to obey the decrees of the council, and to stand to its deci-sions; that if he refused to resign the faithful would all withdraw their obe-dience from him, and he should be held as actually deposed ; that his flight from Constance was unlawful and prejudicial to the unity of the Church ; that if he would return a most ample safe-conduct would be granted to him ; and that if he fulfilled his promise to resign he should be provided for during life in such a man-ner as should be arranged by four persons named by him and four by the council. At the next session the council adopted the form of renunciation of the papacy which the assembly of the nations had framed, which John had read to the coun-cil, and to which he had agreed. At the next session the pope was officially sum-moned to appear at the council to justify his flight from Constance, and to clear himself of the crimes of heresy, schism, simony, etc., laid to his charge. Other matters occupied the council at the next two sessions, except that John was of fi-cially summoned again. But as John paid no attention to any of the overtures of the council, and the emperor's forces were raiding the dominions of the duke of Austria, the duke made his peace with the emperor, and two archbishops, with three hundred troops, arrested Pope John at Friburg, and confined him in a castle about ten miles from Constance. There is not, and there never was, on well deserving of examination as the this earth a work of human policy so Roman Catholic Church.ŠMacaulay. 