612 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. PEACE THAT MEANS WAR. TRULY hope springs eternal in the human breast. The century is going out in war, and still the cry is peace, even by those who, unconsciously or other-wise, are doing the most to bring about those condi-tions which can have no outcome but world-wide war. In striking proof and illustration of this is the following with which Senator Beveridge, of Indiana, closed a speech to an audience of six thousand peo-ple at the Auditorium, in this city, last week: " MenŠpatriotic, brave, and wiseŠhave sought to stay that tremendous purpose of destiny, but their opposition was as the finger of a babe against the re-sistless pour of the Gulf Stream's mighty current, for God's hand was in it all. His plans were work-ing out their glorious results; and just as futile is resistance to the continuance to-day of the eternal movement of the American people toward the mas-tery of the world. This is a destiny neither vague nor undesirable. It is definite, splendid, and holy. When nations shall war no more without the consent of the American Republic, what American heart thrills not with pride at that prospect? And yet our interests are weaving themselves So rapidly around the world that that time is almost here. When governinents stay the slaughter of human be-ings, because the American Republic demands it, what American heart thrills not with pride at that prospect? And yet to-night there sits in Constanti-nople a sovereign who knows that that time is nearly here. When the commerce of the world on which the world's peace hangs, travelling every ocean high-way of earth shall pass beneath the guns of the great Republic, what American heart thrills not at that prospect? When any changing of the map of earth requires a conference of the Powers, and when, at any congress of the nations, the American Republic will preside as the most powerful of Powers and most righteous of judges, what American heart thrills not at that prospect? And yet that prospect is at hand even as I speak. It is the high and holy destiny of the American people, and from that des-tiny the American bugles will never sound retreat. Westward the star of empire takes its way.'" A delusion more fatal to the peace of the world it would be hard to imagine than that contained' in the above. The thrilling of the heart with that pride which attends the prospect of world-mastery is a stimulus that will make war sure and certain. Na-tions warring no more and slaughtering no more be-cause the American Republic forbids them! ! There is no such thing as peaceful mastery of the world. .England has sovereignty over a good por- tion of the earth, and instead of its making for peace it keeps her in war almost continually. The folly of this delusion is that it takes account of nothing but itself; and it sees itself only with the eyes of pride and vanity. It forgets that the people and nations of the earth will not agree to and are well able to dispute the supreme mastery of America or any other Power in world affairs. It forgets that all the inhabitants of the world are not enraptured with the sentiment that American mastery means the end of war and slaughter, and that all hearts do not thrill with pride at the prospect of that " high and holy destiny " for the American Republic. ,It for-gets that there are other equally powerful nations who think with equally as good reasons that their mastery of the world is the best thing that could possibly come to pass. What nation is there indeed that will not be willing that slaughter shall cease and that war shall be no more when all the inhabitants of the earth bow unquestioningly to its sway? This is the peace that all the conquerors of the earth have longed for and fought for. Surely this delusion must spring from those spirits of deception that prophecy declared were to go forth to deceive the nations and to gather them to the battle of Arma- geddon. JOHN D. BRADLEY. THE TRIUMPH OF TRUTH. ALL truth is immortal, for God is the truth, " Who only hath immortality." Each truth is one of the thoughts of God, and all truth is harmonious, since God's thoughts are not conflicting. Truth not only possesses the immortality of God, but also inherent in itself is the almighty,power of its divine Author. There is one strong thing and one enduring thing in this universe, and that is truth. Still we must not from this conclude that truth is always in this world openly and apparently triumphant. On the contrary, it is often down in the 'utmost apparent defeat; but it is through these apparent defeats in time that truth triumphs for eternity. Jesus said," I am the truth." His life and death reveal how the truth is regarded in this world. He was born in a manger because there was no room for him in the inn. Throughout life he was a home-less wanderer without where to lay his head; cruci-fied as a malefactor, ignominiously crucified between thieves; he was raised again the third day and taken up to heaven glorified forever. This is the history of 