6 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY To Our Readers and Friends As will be seen from the announcement on the cover this number of THE SEN-TINEL marks another change with refer-ence to its publication. But it is not a very serious change, and is one that we are certain will be welcomed by all, even by those who have have been most pleased with THE SENTINEL during the past year. It is an advance rather than a change, for it is quite certain that weekly publica-tion will enable THE SENTINEL to do better work than it could do as a monthly, notwithstanding the magazine had some very desirable features peculiar to itself. While the work of THE SENTINEL is indeed to hold forth and to inculcate cer-tain great truths or principles that are ever the same, its work is not to deal with those principles abstractly, but to apply them to things that are taking place all the time. In order to be a sentinel in-deed it must discuss and interpret in the light of those principles the current events and tendencies which relate to those prin-ciples. Such events are increasing and such tendencies are growing all the time, and hence there is a greater call all the time for more discussion and interpreta-tion. Because of this the change from monthly to weekly publication is a very good one. We trust that such it will ap-pear to every one. Since the space in an issue of THE SENTINEL now is only about one-fourth what it was in the monthly, it is of course impossible to present as many articles at one time. But this will not interfere with the publication of the contributions that have been announced for the year. The different series of contributions will have to follow successively, as only one can run at a time, but with weekly publication each will be finished in a short time. There are some excellent contributed ar-ticles to appear during the year, and no one should miss them. While he does not feel that he is equal  to the responsibility resting upon him, the editor of THE SENTINEL Will endeavor to his utmost during the year that is now here to make this little periodical the true and wide-awake sentinel that it should be and must be. Will not each friend of THE SENTINEL assist him by promptly reporting everything from his particular locality that should be noted in its columns ? The work of THE SENTINEL was never more necessary and important than it is to-day. Its mission is by no means at an end. There have been developments of great significance during the past year with respect to the relation of the Papacy to this country, and there are likely to be still more significant developments in the near future. The Sunday-enforcement cause is not dead by any means, but on the contrary it is taking on a phase that renders it more dangerous than ever. The past year has seen it taken up to a re-markable degree by non-religious forces Šunions and associations of various sorts. Here is where the great battle on this question is to come. And the past year has seen startling developments inŁ  the way of the growing influence and power of federations and combinations, which means ultimately one-man power in the country. As in the past, THE SEN-TINEL will bring the light of history and prophecy to bear on this most significant trend of the times, and will of course constantly uphold the principle of indi-vidual liberty which is being more and more denied by the federations and com-binations of the times. We sincerely wish every reader of THE SENTINEL a happy New Year, and trust that during the present year this period-ical will be of great value to each and all of them. Human legislation in the domain of religion can serve only as a barrier be-tween man and God. 