Ł Salvation is Personal and Individual * * W HENEVER we loose sight of the divine ideal we begin to drop be-low the level of success, especially in dealing with souls. Satan is always anxious to make us think that we can improve on the old methods which Christ employed, or that the times have so changed that the old ways must be changed to suit them. He believes in a gospel that will draw and a crowd that can be drawn this way and that. He has so far succeeded in popularizing the Gos-pel that it has come to be a serious prob-lem how we can get rid of the crowd, to which the truth can never mean anything, and find the individual who is starving for it. We hear a great deal about " reaching the masses." " The masses " is as illusive as a swamp full of will-o'-the-wisps. It may seem to be just within reach, but " when you put your hand on it, it isn't there." What belongs to " the masses " belongs to no man. To send the Gospel to " the masses " is like shoveling sand into the sea. Before any man can become a true witness for the truth or a soul winner, he must get the idea of the masses out of his head, the word out of his vo-cabulary, the hunger for the crowd out of his heart, and come to recognize the individual in his aloneness. Truth is a turnstile that has a way of its own of dealing with the crowd. The crowd may pack up against it by the thou-sands, but must come through one by one. Christ came to save a lost world by' saving the lost individual. The multitude fol-lowed Him and hung upon His words, but were reduced to individuals by the glance of His eye and the touch that healed. It was always one by one that he reproved, comforted, and pardoned. No man is ever truly saved until he recog-nizes himself, in his relation to God, as  entirely separate from every other indi-vidual, and that Christ died for him alone ; that he is the man who made necessary all the expensive work of re-demption. He will never be " firm in the truth " until he learns to stand alone with God and be strong. We need in these days, for the promul-gation of the Gospel, to cultivate the mother instinct, which never can see more than one at a time, and that one, for the time being, as long as her eye is on him, to her, like the Lord, " the chiefest among ten thousand, the one altogether lovely." Just as long as a man thinks of him-self as a part of a crowd he is useless, if not dangerous ; for he will never be able to pass through any crisis where man-hood and integrity are needed. A series of evangelistic temperance services had brought a throng of men out of saloons into the church ; they came almost in a body ; it was a wonderful thing to wit-ness. All went well for months, but on the Fourth of July one of the number in a little town where he had been at work was tempted to drink, and fell. The word was carried quickly to the rest of " the crowd," who were " celebrating " in a decorous manner suited to the day and the new life they were living. It struck them as a ball might strike a row of bricks standing on end. Before night a large proportion of them were lying around drunk in the old haunts. They had gone down one after the other, until, at last, one who had learned what it was to be a man in his own right and to stand alone with God, refused to gq down, and stood as a kind of break-water to a rem-nant who were yet sober ; and so gave them time to rally their senses, and also gave them a testimony that salvation per-sonally applied meant something. Sal-vation that is not personally applied means nothing. 