SUNDAY-LAW OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA AGAIN 823 An Able and Excellent Summing Up of the Situation The announcements in the news-papers preceding the "conference on Sunday desecration" with the mayor of Philadelphia on November 9 led Dr. A. H. Lewis, editor of the Sabbath Recorder (Seventh-day Baptist) to suppose that a public hearing on Sunday-law en-forcement was to take place before the mayor, and with the intention of speak-ing if opportunity offered, he prepared the following outline of remarks, which is not only good with regard to the situation in Philadelphia, but with re-gard to the "Sabbath-reform"-by-Sun-day-law-enforcement question wherever it is presented, and it is presented all over the country. There was no op-portunity for Dr. Lewis to speak, but a copy of his outline of remarks was left in the hands of the mayor and was published in part in some of the news-papers. It is an excellent and able sum-ming up of the Sunday-law question, and points out the only way by which it can be settled. We had intended pre-senting it at the conclusion of the re-port given two weeks ago, but it had to be omitted, and so we present it in connection with the report this week : The agitation of the Sunday question in Philadelphia and in Pennsylvania has grown for the last twelve months, and promises to be still more extended and vigorous for the next year. The present state of things results from ade-quate and long-standing causes. Phil-adelphia, Pennsylvania, and the United States are face to face with the fact that our various Sunday laws are de-crepit and inoperative in any consistent or just way. Through the decisions of courts, the action of legislatures, and the power of public opinion, all impor-tant business and popular recreations disregard the Sunday law. Such en-forcement as is secured against small dealers has degenerated into persecu-tion, and should be called progress of  injustice and intolerance, rather than progress in Sabbath reform. Although now called a Christian in-stitution, Sunday legislation was of pa-gan parentage. The first law, 321 A. D., by Constantine, was pagan in every particular. It was not unlike laws, long existent in the Roman Empire, by which many other days, sacred to other gods than the sun god, were exempted from judicial proceedings, and from many kinds of labor. There was no other Sunday law for almost two gen-erations, and the embodiment of Chris-tian ideas or nomenclature does not ap-pear in Sunday legislation until nearly the close of the fourth century. Con-stantine began the work of transform-ing Christianity into the state church, after the pagan model. That transfor-mation was rapid, and the full develop-ment of the Roman Catholic state church soon resulted, Sunday becom-ing one of the many days set apart by law under that system. So far as Sun-day laws are concerned, Sunday is wholly Catholic, historically and logic-ally. A thousand years of Roman Catholic supremacy followed. Chris-tian history emerged from the shadows of the Middle Ages. Protestants re-volted. Under Cromwell, in England, they renewed Sunday legislation on the Roman Catholic basis of a state church, but with an intolerance and narrow-ness more than Catholic. The Crom-wellian type of law, little modified, was transferred to the American colonies. The Pennsylvania law of 1794 is a fair type of that genus, though not quite equal to some of the colonial laws of Massachusetts and Connecticut.. With the evolution of Sunday laws in the colonies and the States for the last two hundred years, you are well acquainted. It has brought the present state of things. The Continental Sunday has taken possession of the United States, and existing laws are inoperative or notably unjust. This is the most vital question in the whole Sunday issue at the present time. The downward evolution and loss of vitality in Sunday observance and Sunday laws is the most prominent fact in the situation. Why ? Prominent among the causes which 