832 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY peal for the Lord's Day," and he, too, made quotations from Gladstone and Ma-caulay in connection with his plea for strict enforcement of the Sunday laws. But neither quotation was an endorsement of Sunday enforcement. They were mere-ly testimonials as to the value of a weekly rest day, which may be conceded with-out conceding at all that there is any value or virtue in Sunday enforcement. Whatever Mr. Gladstone would have done, we feel certain that Macaulay would never have given his approval to the church-and-state scheme of the Sun-day-enforcement clergymen who quote him as if he had done so. To have given his approval to any such thing would have been to have denied the principles so clearly set forth by him in his cele-brated review of Gladstone's pamphlet on "Church and State." Ł The monthly organ of the New Eng-land Sabbath (Sunday) Protective (En-forcement) League notes, as evidencing "an encouraging revival of interest in this important matter," the "long list of re-cent enforcements of the Sunday laws" that appears in each issue of THE SEN-TINEL, and hopes that "it will be able to enlarge the list, as we shall be glad to clip from its pages from time to time, in or-der to give cheer to the friends of law and order." This hope is realized in this issue of THE SENTINEL, and no doubt "the friends of law and order" will find much to cheer them in the abundance of Sunday-enforcement news that appears this month. They are most heartily wel-come to all the cheer that they can ob-tain in this way. Should they not be suf-ficiently assured by the items telling of the arrest and fining of a Berkshire, Mass., lad for shooting a squirrel on Sun-day "away over in the wilderness to the left of the road as it climbs Three-Mile  Hill," and of the confession in a mayor's court of a Lamoni, Iowa, father of hav-ing violated the ordinance against "breach of the Sabbath" by buying fruit for his sick child on Sunday, that the cause of "law and order" is being un-compromisingly maintained, let them turn and read of the riotous demonstra-tions that have taken place in Chicago, and of the boycott that has been declared by clergymen of that city, in the interests of what is "law and order" to these "friends of law and order." They will then be fully convinced that the cause of "law and order" is prospering wonder-fully, and will, of course, be cheered im-mensely. The Defender is also most heartily welcome to reproduce as much of the Sunday enforcement matter that appears in our columns as it desiresŠall of it, if it wishes. But we may be al-lowed to say that, however consistent it may be with the ethics of Sunday en-forcement, in the world at large a higher standard obtains in such matters than has been adhered to by The Defender during the last year or two in republishing mat-ter from our columns. We do not regret at all that much of the matter in THE SENTINEL is presented in such shape and style that it can be used as if it were original matter in the columns of an op-ponent, but we may be allowed to ob-serve that they who reprint bodily with-out credit or even quotation marks what others have written and published, are guilty of something which, if it were in-dulged in in the realm of material things, would be very apt to afford them an op-portunity to obtain by involuntary and rather severe experience some very use-ful and needful (to them) lessons in gen-uine law and order. ŁtŁ Changing the name of a thing is not changing the thing itself. 