584  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY were seen at work at their "tater" patch a week ago Sunday, too. It is against the Sabbath Observance law, and the neighbors are think-ing of going to the police. "Arms bared, hoeing potatoes" ! "Neighbors are thinking of going to the police" ! Comment here is superfluous. It is enough almost to make one ashamed of religion when he realizes that from no other cause than that of religious zeal and bigotry could the minds of men have be-come so irrational as to entertain as a matter of course the idea that the culti-vation of a garden is a thing for the pre-vention of which it is proper to summon the agents of civil order, or as to have made it possible to fix in legislation a law which makes such a deed a thing to be proceeded against as a crime against so-ciety. 짜:짜 The city council of North Yakima, Wash., was recently petitioned to take some action toward the night closing of saloons and the Sunday closing of saloons and "other places of business." The council passed an ordinance requiring the closing of saloons during certain hours of the night, but refused to incorporate a Sunday-closing section. As might have been expected this fell very far short of satisfying the "law and order league members," who will continue an agita-tion "to have all places of business closed on Sundays." The council no doubt perceived that the demand for Sunday closing had its source in some-thing else than a desire for civic peace and order. This is shown very clearly in the fact that it was demanded that not only saloons but all places of business be closed. Of course there is nothing det-rimental to peace and order in the open-ing of a grocery or dry goods store and the selling of goods on Sunday, any more than on any other day of the week, and a demand for their closing by law on that  day necessarily springs from some other source than that of considerations for the maintenance of civil order. "Negotiations with the Pope of Rome are very dangerous to the peace of the country," says the New York Christian Advocate. And after declaring that such negotiations "need close watching," it says very sensibly : "Sometimes people say the Constitution will never be changed, church and state will never be united. The Constitution may never be changed, but the great point is to see that its spirit is not infracted ; for there can be tyranny in free governments . . . where the operation is contrary to the spirit of the government, if not to the letter of the law." And, by the way, this point is just as applicable to Methodists and Sunday legislation as it is to the Papacy and governmental negotiations with the Pope. The storekeepers of Sauk Rapids, Minn., "have signed an agreement to keep their places of business closed on Sunday." "Rev. Gear, of the Methodist Church, is back of the movement." 짜 It would be well if all the ministers would substitute this method for that usually employed by them for securing Sunday closing, and in employing this method they should be careful to inform all who sign such an agreement that they have no right to seek to compel those who do not sign it to conform to it. 0 The "benevolent disposition toward this country," shown by the Vatican, is mentioned by The Independent. This "benevolent disposition" is closely akin to that which prompted the famous in- vitation of the spider to the fly. 짜 The patriot is a man of principle, not of policy. 