was arrested for conducting his barber-ing business on Sunday, the warrant being swolm out by one of his com-petitors." The writer of this under-stood the relation these two events sus-tained to one another. It was expected that the prosecution would "result in the lines being drawn more closely around other business." SINDAY ENFORCEMENT 703 The ministers' alliance in Kansas 'City, Mo., recently "appointed a com-mittee to investigate Sunday condi-tions in Kansas City, and to outline a plan oil which to work." The com-mittee was to report at the first meet-ing of the alliance in November, and in the meantime letters were to "be written to ministers and public officials in other large cities, asking for data on saloon patronage, racing, thea-tergoing, baseball and other Sunday amusements, as well as church attend-ance." On complaint of "the Sabbath Society" the two proprietors of the "Olympia Field" in New York, an in-closed plot of ground used for games and sports, were brought before Magis-trate Crane in the Harlem police court on October 20 on the charge of "let-ting the field on Sunday for football games." After listening to the matter the magistrate "dismissed the sum-mons, but told the inspector that if the nuisance continued, to make a com-plaint, and he would issue warrants." The proprietors of drug stores in Hartford, Conn., were recently notified by the chief of police "that they would not be allowed to sell soda and cigars between the hours of 10 a. m. and 6 p. m. on Sundays." The druggists "de-cided that it was preferable to close their stores entirely," and are now doing so, with the result that there are "many complaints against the Sunday-closing movement," and it is thought that "the tidal wave of reform will be of short duration." In Des Moines, Iowa, on October 18, J. E. Wenks, proprietor of the Savery  Hotel barber shop, was "arraigned in Justice Hinze 's court before a jury of his peers on a charge of having violated the Sabbath by the wielding of his ton-sorial tools." He "was found guilty under the State law," and sentence was to "be passed upon him" by the jus-tice the next day. It is reported from Des Moines, Iowa, that "the barbers who were arrested recently for keeping their shops open on the Sabbath are not disposed to let the matter drop." One of them "says he will carry the matter to the supreme court if necessary rather than pay a fine." The arrests are said to be "the result of spite work on the part of the barbers' union." "Twenty-two prisoners, charged with violation of the excise law [Sun-day-closing law against saloons] were arraigned in the West Side police court" in New York on October 26. The magistrate "held sixteen for trial, discharged two, and held four for fur- ther examination." , ,r; "A few women" of .Menominee,, Mich., "who are opposed to Sunday dances and revelry," recently "frus- - trated the plans of over a hundred farmers in the vicinity of Birch Creek to hold a Sunday dance, by taking pos-session of the hall and refusing to-give it up." " It is awfully tiresome to note those' arrests of merchants for violations of the Sunday-closing law while the sa-loons are allowed to run wide open in violation of the law every night in the year, Sundays included," says the St. Paul (Minn.) Times. The Peoria (Ill.) Star of October 4 reported that "the Sunday-closing movement will be the theme of a special sermon by the Rev. G. B. Van Arsdall at the Central Christian Church this evening." A football game being played by boys on a football field in St. Paul, Minn., on October 11 was stopped by the police. 