7Th egrallo ell @b CERUSTME 123E217 VOL. XVI II NEW YORK, THURSDAY, MARCH 12, 1903 No. II ... i.l. The Love of Power and the Power -$.- T.- . of Love i [Reprinted from December SENTINEL] i. Š . $ 8 - THE source and basis of all good is the spirit of self-sacrifice. The source T and basis of all evil is the spirit of self-exaltation. The one is the spirit T TT -  of unselfishness, of service, of ministry to others ; the other is the spirit of T Š selfishness, of domination, of rule over and exaction of service from others. T 1-  Š The moral discord of the universe is but the conflict between these two ... .. -I. Š spirits. Here is the great dividing line between righteousness and iniquity. -:- Š The spirit of self-sacrificeŠof loveŠis powerful, for it is the spirit that Š  Š has produced all things that are good. It is the spirit which made and 4. Š upholds the created universe. t  The spirit of self-exaltation craves and demands above all things else, f: power, or rather that which appears to it to be powerŠauthority, rule, supremacy for itself over others. It knows nothing higher than this. To ... 7... 4- be supreme, to exercise dominion is its all-absorbing passion. -:- The sway over others of the spirit of self-sacrifice is the noblest of Š -:-which the mind can conceive. It is a communion of soul with soul. Its -:- -:- ..ii: power is a spiritual force; a quickening, invigorating, creative influence that 1  elevates, the mind and nourishes and expands the soul. It produces kindred .1..i.  power in others, vivifies and enlarges their faculties, and breathes into them the love of truth and righteousness. It rouses and fortifies the will, inspires J. with the purpose of right-doing, and not only stirs the soul to high convic- ..Š tions of truth and duty, but bestows upon it the power to follow such convic- Š Š tions. " It makes those upon whom it is exercised more and more free. It is Š Š Š Š Š mightiest when most gentle. It is the upholder and guardian of all right." Š ::: It has been the source of every good and every Š joy that has blessed the Š Š  Š existence of intelligent beings. It is the power of truth, of virtue, of love,' - of God. .3.T : I :-- I I f I ÷-1-1 I I I 