318 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY disallowed they will see to it that clothing and other stores that are usually open on that day are made to close." O Strict enforcement of the Sunday law " for the first time " was reported from Pensacola, Fla., on May 3. Ł Hacks were not allowed on the streets. Livery stables were compelled to close. Soda water and confectionery stands did no business, and only the street-cars and railroad trains were permitted to run, the county solicitor announcing that for the present he would not advise interference with them, as two sections of the State law conflict. The only Sunday morning newspaper in the city was served with a notice to cease work at midnight. The order was obeyed, the paper being circulated before 12 o'clock. Large numbers, especially among the poor, were compelled to go without meat, bread, and ice. On the wharves of the Louis-ville and Nashville Railroad, where hundreds of men are employed every Sunday, all work was suspended. O At the close of a performance before a crowded house in Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the evening of March 29, fifteen actors were arrested " for violation of the Sun-day law " on informations filed by mem-bers of the W. C. T. U., which organiza-tion has for some time been fighting Sunday theatrical performances. The actors were held on bail of $5o each, and at the hearing on the 31st were dis-charged. On April 12 the members of another company, presenting " Romeo and Juliet," were arrested after the per-formance, " the charge being ' breaking the Sabbath.' " " The information was sworn out by Rev. Hoover," who " is supposed to be working in conjunction with the W. C. T. U." The members of the company were to " be arraigned in Justice Carson's court." Ł Immediately following the fining in Philadelphia on April 27 of the manager of the restaurant at the Broad Street Station and the man in charge of the cigar stand at the Reading Terminal for, selling cigars on Sunday, it was reported that the Pennsylvania Railroad had de-cided to make a test case of the first and the Union News Company of the second. Its assistant general solicitor was to handle the matter for the railroad com-pany and an attorney for the news com-pany was to " join in contesting the law." But a later report says the railroad company " has reconsidered its intention of taking an appeal with a view to testing the blue laws." " The railroad's attor-neys declined to state why this step was taken, nor would they say what action they would take in the event of future arrests for similar offenses." O The Springfield Republican evidently has a Sunday-enforcement advocate as correspondent at Windsor Locks, Conn. Under date of April 25 he wrote thus concerning the " hard problem " which he says the people of that place " are begin-ning to realize that they have in the mat-ter of open stores on Sunday " : The public here has been patient and long-suffering in this matter. The proprietors of stores have repaid this generosity by taking every possible advantage of it, until now the stores open on Sunday have become so numer-ous that they have proved a nuisance to the better class of citizens, who believe in the ob-servance of law, and order. In the first place, keeping stores open Sunday is a direct vio-lation of the public statutes, that say in un-mistakable terms: Every person who shall do any business or labor, except works of necessity and mercy, or seep open any shop, warehouse or any manu-facturing or mechanical establishment, or ex-pose any property for sale, shall be fined. Little notice has been given to this extract from the statutes. The fruit stores, when their number was small, kept open Sundays without any authority, but kept within such bounds that the public took no offense and all was well. Now, however, matters have approached a crisis. The fruit stores have increased to six in number, while there are two drug stores open all day, and the lunch wagon also goes 