SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must he n bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. #0,  Six grain buyers of Cando, N. Dak., have issued a notice that they have agreed to close their elevators " on Sundays in accordance with the law of the State of North Dakota." A charge of " shooting in the closed season " was preferred against Thomas Lynn at Chelsea, Mass., on September 7. The charge " arose from the fact that Sunday is considered closed the entire year." A Sunday-closing-enforcement agita-tion was recently on in Charter Oak, Iowa. A local paper was of the opinion that " either the law should be enforced in its fulness, or else some agreement or law should be made that fixes a limit for Sunday opening." " Several proprietors of shining par-lors " were recently arrested in Des Moines, Iowa, " on the charge of Sab-bath desecration." " The arrests were the result entirely of spite work.". The justice, " deeming the evidence insuf-ficient," discharged the prisoners. At Missoula, Mont., on August 23, a Mr. Wolcott, proprietor of a " park pa-vilion " which had been " opened for Sunday dancing," was arrested by the chief of police and " taken to the county jail where he was held in confinement until a bond was fixed up." The arrest was made " under the State law which forbids the operation of race tracks, thea-tres, variety halls and dance halls on Sunday." It was claimed in behalf of Mr. Wolcott that the law does not cover his case. At a meeting of the " citizens' vigi-lance committee" at the Immanuel Baptist Church in Chicago on the evening of September 6 steps were taken to " have the almost forgotten ordinance regarding the closing of saloons on the Sabbath enforced." Rev. Johnston Myers, pastor of the church and chairman of the com-mittee, declared : " We can and will en-force Sunday closing. It was done in New York, and it can be done here." A Sunday-enforcement measure against ball playing where an admission fee is charged was recently pending in the Alabama legislature. The lead-ing newspaper of the State, the Mobile Register, made this comment : Sunday baseball is to be assailed in the legislature. It is a decent recreationŠever so much better than " craps," grog-shop drinking, and mischievous idleness; and, of course, it must be paid for, otherwise it will not be good enough ball to provide the commendable amusement an urban population desires on Sunday afternoons. The bill purposes to stop all games where money is charged for admis-sion. We have no sympathy with it. Two Greek keepers of fruit and candy stands in Pensacola, Fla., were arraigned in the mayor's court on September 21 " for violating the laws concerning Sab-bath business methods." It seems that the police had notified those " who were inclined to expose fruits, candies, etc., for sale on Sundays, that it was all right to sell, but that goods must not be ex-posed on the sidewalks and in the doors." These two stand keepers had exposed their goods. One of them was fined $5, and the case of the other was continued, he having determined " to fight the law and employed counsel to conduct his case." 