292 .7HE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY pate in the Exposition, Cardinal Rampolla has replied that it is above all indispensable that the same procedure be followed as in the case of the Chicago World's Fair, and that the in-vitation come directly and officially from the United States government. That is the Papacy for you. The one thing upon which her heart is set with regard to America is the gaining of in-fluence and power over " the United States government." And she proposes that no opportunity for bringing the gov-ernment into communication and relation with her shall pass unimproved. And she proposes also that there shall be no back-ing down from the precedents she has already, in the prosecution of her scheme with regard to the United States, suc-ceeded in having established. In speaking of the Philippine "Church" question The Independent says : The Vatican is in kindly relations with our Government, and is anxious to do what it can to foster sentiments of loyalty, while properly sedulous to maintain the strength of the Cath-olic Church under the new and difficult, but improved, conditions. Some of our leading American Catholics have been active in bring-ing about these relations, and they deserve great praise, as do President Roosevelt and his cabinet. Yes, yes, " the Vatican is in kindly re-lations with our Government," and so was the spider with the fly. And it is true, too, that " leading American Catholics have been active in bringing about these relations " ; in fact, most of the activity in the whole business has been on the part of themselves and the Vatican. Whether or not they and the President and his cabinet are deserving of great praise in the matter depends upon whether or not it is an exceedingly praiseworthy thing to institute and es-tablish relations between the American government and the Vatican. Or per-haps it depends upon the viewpoint. From the standpoint of the Vatican all who had a hand in bringing about this condition of affairs no doubt " deserve great praise." We hardly think, how-ever, that such is the case from the stand-point of true Americanism. of  It seems that the two important ap-pointments mentioned elsewhere are not the only " results " of that sort that are to be credited to the activity of that religious class whose demands we are told " no administration dare ignore." Dominicana, a Roman Catholic periodi-cal, in setting forth the benefits of the Federation of Catholic Societies, which we have been told a number of times was formed for no political purpose, says : It is needless to assert that since the incep-tion of the Federation movement, Archbishop Ryan, of Philadelphia, and Mr. Bonaparte, of Baltimore, have been appointed the first Cath-olic members of the Board of Indian Commis-sioners; that a Catholic has been appointed for the office of Assistant Postmaster-General; that a graduate of Georgetown Catholic University has been appointed one of the private secreta-ries of President Roosevelt; that several Cath-olic chaplains have been appointed in our army, and that other notable personages have deservedly received positions of trust. Do not these results, speaking louder than words, tell us what united action, what a Federation of Catholic Societies, can accomplish? They do, indeed. " We venture to say," says The Independent, " that not one of these appointments is due to that Fed-eration. They take themselves too se-riously, and if their purpose is political, too mischievously." We are not so sure that this Catholic paper was making an empty boast for the Federation. But whether it be the Federation or not, it is to be believed that there is something behind this significant list of appoint-ments that it credits to the Federation. If it is not the Federation, what is it? The principle of the decision by the New York magistrate quoted elsewhere seems to be that whatever does not in-terfere " with the repose and religious 