THE RELIGION AND PUBLIC EDUCATION ISSUE 733 confident, would be unsuccessful, and the making of it could only serve to revive the now happily dispelled ani-mosity against that church and distrust of its motives which inflamed passions so violently fifty years ago. The Catholic Church will abide by this counsel only so long as it is abso-lutely necessary for her to do so, and it is evident that she believes that the time is almost here when she may safely disregard it. The recent utterance of Cardinal Gibbons on this subject, which, together with responses that it has evoked, we shall have to leave until our next issue, shows this. The Other Side of the Discussion The most of the communications pub-lished by The Sun, and evidently the great majority of those received, were in decided opposition to any compro-mise of the principle of separation of church and state in this matter of re-ligion and public instruction. This is gratifying, but it would be a great mis-take to conclude from this that there is little danger in this direction. The danger is great and is becoming greater all the time, and it is because of this that so many are stirred to write in opposition to such an expression as that coming from Mr. Geer. If the issue -were not real and pressing there would be no such stream of letters in opposi-tion as has flowed to The Sun since the publication of Mr. Geer's communica-tion. From the letters of this class that have been published we select the following quotations: "Let the churches look after relig-ious instruction; that is what they are for. They should not try to burden the state with their own duty." "For the government to support schools of the various denominations would create endless jealousy, bicker-ings and exhorbitant claims from the various sects." "Something positively startling  would happen should any serious at-tempt be made to tamper with the sys-tem of public education in the interest of sectarian instruction." "I reside two blocks from a large parochial school, and the profane and obscene language of the pupils as they pass to and from school compels us to close the windows frequently. Yet we are told that the religious school is the great and only conservator of morals that we have. Does its output justify these claims?" "Our common school system is not on trial. From its inception it has proved to be the most beneficial insti-tution of our entire form of govern-ment. . . . Any attempt on the part of any sect or combination of sects to bring about the removal of the con-stitutional separation of church and state will only bring sure disaster to themselves." "Teach religion? Which religions Before asking us to teach religion in the schools let each sect send a repre-sentative to a conference to frame a creed that will be satisfactory to all, and then submit it for popular adop-tion. In the meantime let us go along as at present, giving secular instruc-tion in the public schools and religions instruction in the denominational schools." "The lack of religious training in this country is a serious evil, but I do not believe it is due to our educa-tional system. Religion can be taught best and most thoroughly in the home, and there is where the church should reach and influence the "young pa-gans." What the church needs is work-ers who will carry the religious teach-ing to the homes, where it will bear the best fruits. This is the problem the church must meet manfully, and it can-not throw the blame upon the state." "What reason is there to suppose that the church could do more than it is doing for the betterment of human conditions, even if all the public money were turned over to the multitude of sects to propagate their particular re-ligion? This would come of it, at least: Instead of the wholesome, tolerant and democratic spirit fostered, as nowhere 