118  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY dications it will not be long before those ¥ liquor dealers who do this will be re-garded as fully entitled, on this point at least, to church fellowship, as such deal-ers are now in the Catholic Church. This Sunday-enforcement temperance crusade is a sham and a delusion. It means nothing more nor less than what is conveyed in the following words recently uttered by another eminent Catholic, Mgr. G. H. Doane : "With regard to the sale of drink on Sunday, I have always thought that the rule that obtained in Rome fifty years ago, when I was a stu-dent there, when the Pope was king, not only in name but in fact, was the wise and true one. All places of refreshment were bound to close their doors during the hours of the parochial mass and vespers; the rest of the day they were open." The enforcement of Sunday observ-ance does not mean temperance; it means the sway of Catholicism, or some-thing exactly like it, with the Pope eventually as king, "not only in name but in fact." The Church's Ownership of Sunday It is not often that the spirit which inspires Sunday enforcement and the cool assumption which accompanies all the demands of the churches and relig-ious forces for such enforcement is as plainly manifested and stated as in the following from an article by Rev. Her-bert D. Cone in The Presbyterian of No-vember zo : "It is a good thing once in a while to stop and consider the claims of time-honored institutions and the attitude toward them. The Sabbath is one of these legacies from the past. The day of rest is a possession of the church. She gave it to the civilized West and keeps it in existence. As her peculiar posses-sion, it is taken and used as people wish. To defend this day of rest, the church has fought and still must fight with all her powers. It may come as part of her rich gift of redemption, but no matterÑit is her property, and she has some right to it. "Now, to take it, enjoy its privileges and use it for selfish purposes without a thought of the church and her rights, is just as honorable as to stand on Bunker Hill and insult the heroes who won the American independence. . . . "The church owns Sunday. She gives it to the state to use, but its existence depends on her strength and defense. As a privilege lent to the age, it is one, of the mean sides of human practise to use it and make no return. It is a shrewd practise of robbing the church and comes under the denunciations of the law, `Thou shalt not steal.' "Such a way of treating the problem of Sunday may be unusual, but it is the true one. The church has some rights which men must recognize, and that, too, in ways to appeal to persons who do not dream of what the church is or does for mankind. If it were possible to retsrict the rest of Sunday to the people and homes within the limits of the church and a work-day for all others, there would be a mad rush for church mem-bership. The restriction is removed, but the principle remains. No one has any valid claim on the privileges of Sunday who has not identified himself with the church of Jesus Christ. If once this fact could be made a part of the belief of the age, it would prove a revelation to the masses of men and a decided stimulus to the power, place, and blessing of the church in the life of the world." 