344 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY science, artists and physicians. The new feudalism, like most autocracies, will foster not only the arts, but also cer-tain kinds of learningŠparticularly the kinds which are unlikely to disturb the minds of the multitude. A future Marsh of Cope or Le Conte will be lib-erally patronized and left free to dis-cover what he will ; and so, too, an Edi-son or a Marconi. Only they must not meddle with anything relating to social science. For obvious reasons, also, physicians will occupy a position of honor and comparative freedom under the new regime. IV. The entrepreneurs, the managers of the great industries, transformed into a salaried class. V. The foremen and superintendents. This class has heretofore been recruited largely from the skilled workers, but with the growth of technical education in schools and colleges and the develop-ment of fixed caste, it is likely to be-come entirely differentiated. VI. The villeins of the cities and towns, more or less regularly employed, who do skilled work and are partially protected by organization. VII. The villeins of the cities and towns who do unskilled work and are unprotected by organization. They will comprise the laborers, domestics and clerks. VIII. The villeins of the manorial es-tates, of the great farms, the mines and the forests. IX. The small-unit farmers (land owning), the petty tradesmen and 'man-ufacturers. X. The sub-tenants on the manorial estates and great farms (corresponding to the class of "free tenants" in the old feudalism). XI. The cotters, living in isolated places and on the margin of cultivation. XII. The tramps, the occasionally  employed, the unemployedŠthe wastrels of city and country. This, then, is the table of socio-indus-trial rank leading clown from the feuda-tory barons. It is a classification open. of course, to amendment. But it is not possible to anticipate every detail. . . . The basis employed is not relative wealth, a test which nine out of ten persons would unhesitatingly apply in social classification ; it is not comparative earn-ing capacity, economic freedom, nor in-tellectual ability. Rather, it is the rela-tive degree of comfortŠmaterial, moral -and intellectualŠwhich each class con-tributes to the nobility. The wastrels contribute least, and they are the lowest. The foremen, superintendents and entre-preneurs contribute most of the purely material comfort, and their place is cor-respondingly high. But higher yet is the rank of the courtiers and court agents, the legates and nuncios. This class will include the editors of "respecta-ble" and "safe" newspapers, the pastors of "conservative" and "wealthy" church-es, the professors and teachers in en-dowed colleges and schools, lawyers gen-erally, and most judges and politicians. . . . They will be at once the as-suagers of popular suspicion and dis-content and the providers of moral and intellectual anodynes for the barons. Such of them, however, as have not the tact or fidelity to do or say what is expected of them will be promptly forced into class XI or XII, or, in ex-treme cases, banished from all classes, to become wretched pariahs of society. Through all the various activities of these populous classes (except the last) our. Benevolent Feudalism will carry on the nation's work. Its operations will begin with the land, whence it extracts the raw material of commerce. It is just at this stage of its workings that it will differ most from the customary forms of Ł 