THE SUPREMACY OF THE PAPACY 605 The most learned theologians and doc-tors were at hand to give counsel as to points of faith and intricate questions of canon law. The princes of the Church were present in numbers wholly unprece-dented. Besides patriarchs, there were seventy-one primates and metropolitans, four hundred and twelve bishops, more than eight hundred abbots and priors, and the countless delegates of those prel-ates who were unable to attend in per-son."ŠLea. The claims of the Papacy which had been lifted to such a prodigious height by Innocent III., were at that height maintained by his successors. Through all the years that followed the reign of Innocent III. there was almost constant war between the successive popes and the Emperor Frederick II., until the death of Frederick in 1250. In June, 1243, Cardinal Fiesco was elected to the papal throne. "He took the name of Innocent IV. ( June 24, 1243, to Decem-ber 7, 1254), an omen and a menace that he would tread in the footsteps of Inno-cent III." While he was only Cardinal Fiesco he had been a personal friend, and even a partisan, of Frederick II. in his contest with the ever-increasing en-croachment of the Papacy. When the Cardinal Fiesco was elected pope, Fred-erick was congratulated that his good friend was now pope. But Frederick understood the Papacy better than did those who thus congratulated him, and in his reply he pierced to the heart of the very genius of the Papacy: "En the cardinal I have lost my best friend; in the pope I shall find my worst enemy." This observation of Frederick's not only expressed a general truth of the whole Papacy, but he found it abundant-ly true in his own experience. In 1245 the new pope excommunicated Freder-ick. Frederick defied him, and appealed  to Christendom. Against Frederick's de-fiance and appeal Innocent IV. set forth anew the claims of the Papacy, carrying them yet higher than ever. Hitherto the popes had traced only to Constantine their title to temporal and imperial pow-er; but now, by Innocent IV., it was carried even to Christ himself. In reply to Frederick II., Innocent IV. wrote to Christendom as follows : When the sick man who has scorned milder remedies is subjected to the knife and the cau-tery, he complains of the cruelty of the physi-cian : when the evil-doer, who has despised all warning, is at length punished, he arraigns the judge. But the physician only looks to the welfare of the sick man, and the judge re-gards the crime, not the person of the crimi-nal. The emperor doubts and denies that all things and all men are subject to the see of Rome. As if we who are to judge angels are not to give sentence on all earthly things. In the Old Testament priests dethroned unworthy kings; how much more is the vicar of Christ justified in proceeding against him who, ex-pelled from the Church as a heretic, is al-ready the portion of hell! Ignorant persons aver that Constantine first gave temporal pow-er to the see of Rome ; it was already be-stowed by Christ himself, the true king and priest, as inalienable from its nature and ab-solutely unconditional. Christ founded not only a pontifical but a royal sovereignty, and committed to Peter the rule both of an earthly and a heavenly kingdom, as is indicated and visibly proved by the plurality of the keys. "The power of the sword is in the Church and derived from the Church ;" she gives it to the emperor at his coronation, that he may use it lawfully and in her defense; she has the right N say, "Put up thy sword into its sheath." He strives to awaken the jealousy of other temporal kings, as if the relation of their kingdoms to the pope were the same as those of the electoral kingdom of Germany and the kingdom of Naples. The latter is a papal fief; the former inseparable from the empire, which the pope transferred as a fief from the East to the West. To the pone belongs the corona-tion of the emperor, who is thereby bound by the consent of ancient and modern times to allegiance and subjection. From the high point thus reached by 