306 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of a union of all true Catholics, of public mani-festation of our religious sentiments, to defend them by all the means that are within our power. Yes! War against God is the infamous motto of this infernal proclamat'on. They say that they "cannot and do not desire to intervene in religious questions ;" then, lying with hate-ful cynicism, they excite the people to make in all parts manifestations of distrust against the Catholic priests. . . . And all under the guise of a pernicious liberty! Buffoons! Pu-sillanimous and false politicians! . . . You desire to eclipse the sun of the moral world, which is the Catholic faith. We shall walk in darkness. The Philippines will be a Baby-lon. . . Enough of hypocrisies. Enough has our country been deceived. Enough tears and blood have we shed. Shake off the lethargy that overpowers you. Turn your gaze upon your unfortunate country, and have compassion upon it. Will you impassively allow the treasury of your faith to be torn from you by violence? Will you consent that it disappear from the Philippines because it so pleases four rickety brawlers? . . . The Centro Catholico pro-tests in your name against the low, miserable paper and its reprobate propositions, desiring that this solemn protest be heard Łthe circum-ference of this archipelago around as a genuine expression of your Christian sentiments. We despise the talkative pigmies. . . . To-day impiety reigns, and it is a time of ruin, of fury, of indignation. Be zealous, therefore, for the law to-day, and give your lives in defense of your parents. Be resolved by the valor of your ancestors, and you shall acquire imperish-able fame and eternal renown. . . . Mr. Stuntz is of the opinion that the Catholic priests have been very foolish to grossly misinterpret and twist the fair and plain statements of Governor Taft into a declaration of "war against God and Holy Church." "If the supporters of Rome had been wise," he observes, "they would have seen in this statesman-like deliverance the surest guarantee of protection in the exercise of all their rights of property and all the rites of their ecclesiasticism." But evidently these priests, as are the  adherents of other religious organizations of which we know, are not satisfied with protection in the exercise of their rights; they want more than their rights, they want special favors from government. When the evident ignorance and fanati-cism of these priests is left out of the consideration we see no difference be-tween their attitude and the attitude of the Methodists and other denominations in this country who insist that Sunday observance shall be enforced by the state. We see not a particle of difference in principle between this document issued by the '`Catholic Center," protesting against the adoption of a policy which deprives "the Church" of special favors which she has been accustomed to re-ceive from the civil government for hun-dreds of years, and the editorials which have been frequent in the Christian Ad-vocate during the last few months pro-testing with equally as much emphasis against any repeal in the statutes where-by the church day, Sunday, is given special protection by the State because of its religious character. Of course the Advocate has not in-dulged in such language as that used by the Philippine priests; its editor is too wise and too scholarly. But neverthe-less it has not. hesitated to do in a more civilized manner exactly what these priests did. The proposition to modify the Sunday law in its application to sa-loons has been declared to be a "pre-posterous idea," and "a pernicious scheme," fraught with "universal de-moralization." Bishop Potter, Mayor Low, District Attorney Jerome, and, to quote from the Advocate, "a few clergy-men, a few credulous idealists, andŠ`heaven save the mark'Šleading reform-ers," have been arraigned quite severely. They have not been called "rickety brawlers" and "talkative pigmies," but 