  rallmell OF CDEUSTarlAiV 41,1102M77 VOL. XVIII  NEW YORK, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1903 No. 37     MI6 We have received the following communi-cation from Rev. Alexander Coffin, rector of the " Church of the Holy Communion," Redwood, Minn., some of whose statements on the subject of " Sabbath observance " we quoted and commented upon three weeks ago: Editor of The Sentinel: In quoting from my sermon on Sunday observance a typographical error crept in. Where it reads " the seventh day " it should read " the seven day," that is, the entire week. With the correction the passage would read: " If employers universally were to hold their employees to unremitting labor on the seven days of the week [that is for the entire week] there would undoubtedly be an overwhelming protest throughout the business world." The transference of the weekly rest day from the " seventh " to the " first " day of the week must be considered, it seems to me (and in this I think you agree with me) to be merely a ritual change, and the religious and moral obligation pertaining to the weekly day of rest still holds good, but attaches to the first day of the week, not the seventh, for Christendom. The obligation and benefit of the Fourth Commandment is for us now and for all men through all time. And this obligation and benefit it seems to me lies in the possibilities which the Christian Sunday affords (all business and servile work sus-pended as far as possible) for worship and re-creation. I hold with you, if I understand you rightly, that the law should not be invoked with any thought of enforcing the religious observance of the Sunday. There is more in the weekly day of rest than a religious institution. It touches man's physical and mental as well as his spiritual natureÑhe needs it, his whole nature needs the day of rest. And if the law  can guarantee the day of rest, if it can be invoked to protect it, then surely the enforce-ment of a Sunday law is called for by the humane spirit of the times, not particularly for religious reasons, unless we hold that to be humane is to be religious. We have our Christian Sunday; shall not an enlightened people preserve it intelligently, freely, relig-iously, and thus promote our best interests? The typographical error, which we are glad to have Mr. Coffin call attention to, occurred in the local newspaper from which we quoted. The .correction re-moves the implication that he considered Sunday to be the seventh day of the week. In one sense, yes, " the transfer-ence of the weekly rest day from the seventh to the first day of the week must be considered to be merely a ritual change," for it certainly could not have been a transfer of religious and moral obligation. But the difficulty is that the change is assumed to have been a trans-ference of religious and moral obliga-tion. This Mr. Coffin assumes in the very sentence in which he says it was merely a ritual change. He says " the religious and moral obligation pertaining to the weekly day of rest still holds good, but attaches to the first day of the week, not the seventh, for Christendom." Now the religious and moral obligation per-taining to the weekly day of rest is now just exactly what it was before the trans-fer from the seventh to the first day took place. The authority which assumed to make this change was not competent to alter or transfer moral obligation in any degree. Therefore if the religious and Two Communica- tions 