2 16 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the precedents of the past. On the obverse of the great seal of the United States is this motto in Latin, " A new order of things." By this motto the United States pledged itself to the establishment of a new order of things in the practical application of the principles of liberty. This new order of things consisted of two principles, both of which came from the teachings of Jesus Christ and the con-flict of Christianity with paganism in the early centuries. These two principles are: first, civil equality before the law, and, second, religious independence before the law. It was to these principles that Daniel Webster re-ferred in his eulogy on Washington, delivered eighty-one years ago, when he said: " The experiment is entirely new... If we fail, who shall venture the repetition?... If this great western sun be stricken out of the firmament, at what other flame will the lamp of liberty hereafter be lighted? What other orb shall emit a ray, even, to glimmer on the darkness of this world? Gentlemen, there is no danger of our overrating or over-stating ,the part we are now acting in human affairs." In all the past it had been thought there were created by God two orders of men, a ruling class and a ruled class. To the ruling class were given all the rightsŠthe right to do as they pleased, and the right to compel others to do as they pleased. To the ruled class was given simply the right of submis-sion to authority. Jesus overthrew this doc-trine of the divine right of kings by teaching that every man is a king, that every human law is to be tried by the revelation of the di-vine law in every human soul, and that all men are brothers, and One is our master, even Christ. If all men are brothers, the ruler is the brother of the ruled. He is there not to give rights, for rights are all God-given ; not to take them away, for they are inherent and inalienable. He is there simply as our chosen servant to protect us in the enjoyment of our own inherent rights. Thomas Jefferson stated this principle grandly thus: " Our legislators are not sufficiently apprized of the rightful limits of their power; that their true office is to declare and enforce only our natural rights and duties, and to take none of them from us." The immortal Dec-laration of Independence stated it thus : " We hold these truths to be self evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." In this new order  of things to which the United States is pledged by its great seal, laws are not arbitrary; they cannot create a crime by simply calling a cer-tain action criminal. If the act is a crime at all, it is so because it is an infringement of the inherent rights of man. Let us try some of our laws by this principle of civil Americanism. If it is thought expedi- ent, the state has a right to set certain days apart as legal holidays. That is simply saying by law that such days shall not be included in a year's work, when a man hires by the year, unless he especially contracts that they shall be. They do not deny the right of the man to work for himself on those days if he so chooses, nor do they deny his right to con-tract to work for another on those days. If they did they would be an infringement of natural rights, and so the laws themselves would be criminal. The state has a right, if it is thought expedient, to say that ten, or eight, hours shall constitute a day's work. That is not denying the right of a man to work as many more hours as he chooses, if he sees fit to do so. But a law denying a man's right to work more than eight or ten hours, if he chose to do so, would itself be criminal. So, too, if it is thought expedient, a law may declare that six days shall constitute a week's work, as this bill practically does. But if the law goes farther and prohibits a man from working on a certain day, regardless of his choice in the matter, that law infringes his inherent right to do as he pleases so long as he does not infringe upon the rights of another. Thus our compulsory Sunday rest laws are all a direct violation of the principle of civil Americanism, a sacred principle which came from the teachings of Christ himself. John Hampden said that if the king could tax him twenty shillings without his consent through representation, he could, at his own sweet will, confiscate all his estate. So, rather than pay the twenty shillings, he suffered fines and imprisonment. And because he and others acted thus nobly, we have the principle estab-lished to-day of no taxation without represen-tation. Is it not time for some more John Hampdens? If the state can confiscate one-seventh of my time, and tell me just how I may and may not use that time, the whole blood-bought principle of civil, inherent rights is gone. It is then but a mere matter of expediency *hether or not the state shall confiscate two-sevenths of my time, three-sevenths, or even the whole seven-sevenths of my time, and so make me a slave. Laws that have the natural rights of man on 