620 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY pate of the United States not many years since and his apostolic letter to Cardinal Gibbons, written at the time of the papal jubilee last spring. In the first "he clear-ly declared that even in the great Ameri-can Republic the system of the union be-tween church and state is the ideal regime for which Catholics should work," while in the second "he tries to demolish the accusations against the Church" by declaring that "the Church knows and teaches that her divine Foun-der has commanded us to give to Caesar what is Caesar's and to God what is God's, and that He has thus sanctioned the immutable principle of an enduring separation between those two powers."Ł But it is added : Evidently the Pope does not think that the same principles hold good in all countries, as, with regard to Italy, for instance, both he  and his predecessor, Pius IX, have for thirty-two years continually protested against being obliged to give to Cxsar the things that are Cxsates, although Cxsar's rights were ac-knowledged and put out of discussion by what was called the "Plebiscite of Rome," which with 40,788 votes for Victor Emanuel and 461 for the Pope signaled the end of the temporal power. It is declared that notwithstanding this protest, which any one who knows anything of the Papacy knows is true to her real character as this recent declara-tion of the Pope that she favors a separa-tion between the things of God and the things of Caesar, is most decidedly not, "the Papacy for a long time has not been so free, strong and rich as since the loss of all territorial dominion, and has never enjoyed such independence as now." Yes, the power of the Papacy is not di-minishing, but is increasing. r. Sunday Legislation Unpopular in Washington [Rev. Lucien Clark, pastor of the Hamline M. E. Church, Washington, was the most active of the Washington preachers in working for the passage of the Sunday bills for the District of Columbia that were introduced in Congress last spring. Since the defeat of these measures he has boasted that they will go through at the next session, as "public sentiment in the District is so great that it cannot be ignored by Congress." With the characteristic self-important recklessness of the Sunday agitator he has contrasted "the forcel arrayed for and against such legislation" in the District, and he finds that the only opposition to it comes from the Secular League, which "represents only a few hundred individuals," and "is not a charitable, a philanthropic, nor an educational organization." Therefore he knows that all the people in the District, with the exception of a few hundred of the very worst, are heartily in favor of Sunday legislation! His assertions in this direction. have occasioned some cor-respondence in the newspapers between himself and Gen. Wm. Birney, with whom our readers are somewhat acquainted. We present below a portion of a communication by Mr. Birney which appeared in the Washington Post of July 28, dealing with the point regarding the attitude of public sentiment on this question.ŠEDITOR.] THE Doctor claims that a majority of the people of this District favor a Sunday law ; I deny it and call for proof. The only convincing proof would be a popular ballot on the Australian plan ; but that being impracticable, the Doctor, instead of taking the stand himself, calls Commissioner Macfarland, who testifies: "The representatives of a large majority  of the citizens of the District have asked for this legislation." An objection to this witness is that for years he has been noted as an active churchman and supporter of exempting church property from taxation and water rent. This bias makes his opinion no bet-ter than Dr. Clark's. What does he mean by "representatives ?" Certainly 