50 THE ,SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. ordinance. The former is the least se-vere. The penalty prescribed therein is a fine of $4 and costs, but in the city ordi-nance, which was passed in 189o, the penalty is greater, the minimum fine be-ing $3 and the maximum $so." Legal Sunday observance has been receiving considerable attention in Springfield, Mass., of late. According to the last accounts that we have the opinion of City Solicitor McKechnie in the matter is being awaited with much interest. He is expected to solve the momentous questions as to "whether soda and candy may be sold under he statute," "whether common victualers, doing a retail business under a vic-tualer's license, may be allowed to sell on Sunday articles not in the nature of food," and "what articles may be gener-ally sold on the Sabbath." A long communication from Mayor Hayes to the city solicitor closes with these para-graphs: "Some of the druggists have now made a request of the city marshal as to what they can properly sell without violating the law, and the city marshal has asked me to obtain your legal opinion upon these requests. It is desired to know whether or not soda and confectionery can be sold under the statute, and what articles may be gener-ally sold by druggists on Sunday. "Your opinion is also desired as to whether or not common victualers, do-ing a retail business in connection with their victualing establishments, may be permitted, by virtue of their licenses as common victualers, to sell on Sunday such articles as are kept for sale by them on week days, and are not in the nature of food or victuals. "It is also desired to know what articles can be legally sold by store-keepers, who keep open their stores on Sunday, under the statute, for the sale of tobacco, cigars, newspapers, bread, pastry and milk. "Will you kindly send me your opinion in duplicate upon the questions raised as early as convenient ?" The "Sunday Observance Act" Resurrected in England. The Ł Sunday Observance act of Charles II. has been resurrected at Ex-eter twice within the past year or so, and on each occasion the only person sum-moned has been an Italian named Mut-ti, who keeps an ice-cream shop. There are other shopkeepers in the town who openly carry on business every Sunday, and why Mutti alone should be picked out for persecution is a mystery which the police have hitherto failed to explain. Owing to a mistake in the summons against him, which was heard a few days ago, it was dismissed by the bench, and Mr. C. E. Ware, J. P., took the oppor-tunity of expressing a hope that if any further summonses were to be issued all Sunday traders would be treated alike. Certainly the act ought to be en-forced impartially against all offenders if it is enforced at all. But if the chief constable is wise he will allow 'this mouldy old statute to remain in abey-ance in Exeter, as it does in every sen-sibly governed town. Where it is put into operation it not only fails to pro-mote "piety and true religion"Šthe pro-fessed object of the pious and truly re-ligious monarch by whom it was passed Šbut invariably brings the law into de-rision and contempt.ŠLondon Truth. 