SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 843 bers of the Merchants' Protective Asso-ciation "praise the officer for doing his duty," and this association was to have counsel at the trial of the policeman "to see that he is well represented." t:* "Some of the business houses having become careless in the matter of Sunday opening," said the Madison (S. D.) Outlook of October 21, "a general no-tice was given last week that violators of the Sunday observance law would be prosecuted. The result was that the law was closely observed in Madison on Sun-day last." The paper mentioned gave the substance of the State Sunday law, observing that "the law is quite stringent and makes for a quiet Sunday." Through his attorney, Mr. J. E. Wenks, proprietor of a barber shop in Des Moines, Iowa, who, with four of his employees, was arrested recently for barbering on Sunday, "has served notice upon the legal department of the city that the validity of the Sunday ordinance with reference to closing barber shops will be tested." It is said that Mr. Wenks has been arrested no less than five times un-der this ordinance at the instance of rep-resentatives of the barbers' union. Three barbers of Grantsburg, Wis., who are no doubt all in the place, have given public notice that they have agreed to keep their shops closed on Sunday, and that, beginning November 8, they "posi-tively refuse to engage in barbering on that day." This is, of course, proper enough. It is only when barbers and others undertake to refuse for others than themselves, to compel others who do not wish to close on Sunday to stop their work and business, that they go too far. In the court of chancery in Jersey City, N. J., on October 20, counsel "represent- ing several Protestant ministers and a number of wealthy and prominent resi-dents," applied for "an injunction for the stopping of Sunday baseball and foot-ball in Bayonne, N. J." This was "the climax of a bitter crusade that has been waged during the season." Two Catho-lic priests appeared in opposition to the granting of the injunction. We have not learned what action the court took in the matter. .Ł. It was reported from Jersey City, N. J., early in October, that the Hudson County Merchants' Protective Associa-tion was "delighted with the success of the Sunday-closing movement, although there are some grocers and butchers who still do business on Sunday." It was said that Chief of Police Murphy had promised the association "to have all stores closed after October 12," and it was thought by members of the organiza-tion that "a few arrests would bring about complete Sunday closing." Magistrate Luke J. Connorton, of Long Island City, L. I., decided on Oc-tober 30 that "athletic games on Sunday, when participated in by members of rep-iltable organizations, are no breach of the public peace," and are "entirely with-in the law." Three men had been brought before him "charged with violat-ing the Sunday law by engaging in ath-letic games on Sunday," October 26. The games took place at Celtic Park, Laurel Hill, under the auspices of the Irish Athletes of America Association. Mr. Herman Behling, a clothing merchant of York, Neb., was in the po-lice court of that city on November i 1, charged "with selling goods on Sunday." On showing that he "had instructed his clerks not to sell any goods of any kind 