568  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY favor of the principle of separation of church and state, never mind what im-pression she may give' so-called Protes-tants who refuse to look at her as she is. ¥¥¥ The proposition to substitute Sunday observance for that of their ancient Sabbath is looked upon with very little favor by many I Jews of the United States. A number of the leading Jew-ish papers are very outspoken in their opposition to the proposed change. The American Israelite says it "refuses to consider the possibility of the abrogation of the Jewish Sabbath or the substitu-tion of any other day therefor. A sup-plementary service and sermon on some other day may be admissible as a tempo-rary expedient, but the Sabbath is di-vinely ordained and will stand forever." It is very plainly seen that this move-ment is inspired by considerations which might lead just as readily to an entire re-pudiation of Judaism, and which would prevent a steadfast adherence to any-thing. Neither the Jews nor any other people should forsake their religion and its institutions, whether they be true or false, simply upon grounds of expedi- ency, for the sake of social and material advantage, and therefore we are glad to see that the recent declaration of Dr. Hirsch, of Chicago, with regard to a transfer to the observance of Sunday, meets with little approval among his co-religionists. Church federation is being advocated in Germany by the Summus Episcopus of the most powerful church in the em-pire, which position the German Emperor holds in his capacity as King of Prussia. In a recent address the Emperor "de-clared it to be a consummation devoutly to be wished that the various Protestant state churches should constitute a power-ful federation just as the different states have constituted themselves into a politi-cal empire." There are about half a hundred different state churches in the country, mostly Lutheran, but in some states the Lutheran and the Reformed bodies have been united in one common establishment. It is said that there are many difficulties in the way of federation, but "no greater than those which before 1870 made a political consolidation of the twenty-five states of the Fatherland seem impossible." The confederation of the churches is "to be one rather for defense and aggressiveness ad extra than for the harmonizing of inner differences." All this suggests very plainly the real nature of church federation not only in Germany but elsewhere. It is merely politicalÑ union of organizations for organizational aggressiveness. There can be no real union where inner differences are not harmonized, and unless this be the pur-pose of church union it will be more fruit-ful of evil than of good. If the political declarations and utter-ances which have been formulated in sub-version of its immutable principles pos-sessed a fraction of the sanity of the most fautly portions of the Declarations of In-dependence they would possess something to recommend them to the intelligence and conscience of mankind that they cer-tainly do not now. It has been said that warÑmightÑis the last and great argu-ment of kings. It may properly be said that might is not only the last but the first and only argument of those who rest their cause upon the declaration, "Where the flag is, it will remain." It cannot be said of this declaration and many others sim-ilar to it that they are "glittering general-ities," or that "they impart the necessary fervor" to the documents and speeches in which they occur. They are simply plain, blunt, bald, undisguised avowals that brute' force is considered a sufficient ar- 