682 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. News, Notes ... and Comment THE progress of the agitatation for Sunday closing in this city is indicated by the following, printed in the Record of October 22:Š Ł " The fight for a state Sunday-closing law was for-mally opened yesterday in various parts of the city. In front of many churches pamphlets and circulars were distributed urging people to uphold the efforts to secure the passage of the law. Counter pamphlets and circulars were handed out at the same places, some containing the statement: We sell goods on Sunday.' "At Robey and Division Streets retail clerks held a mass-meeting in the afternoon. Druggists joined the ranks of the advocates of the Sunday-closing law yesterday." THE " New York State Conference of Religions " will, it is announced, hold a session in New York City November 20-22. In giviiig the reason for holding such a conference the Evangelist says that "the solid front presented by irreligious forces re-quired religious forces to present an equally solid front, and that for this it was necessary to give prominence to our agreements rather than our dis-agreements." Since prominence is to be given to " our agree-.ments," we may look for prominence to be given to SLinday and to Sunday laws, since this is one of the very few points upon which there is anything like agreement among the various sects. This agree-ment refers, however, to the question of the en-forced observance of the day rather than its au-thority. As soon as that point is touched there is great diversity of opinion, for since the Bible fur-nishes no authority for the institution every one must fix up a theory of his own. But notwithstand-ing this fact there is great unanimity in the opinion that Sunday -keeping ought to be enforced by civil law. MR. EDWIN D. WHEELOCK, in a letter to the Daily News of this city, says: " In the ente rprise established by the National Christian Citizen ship League at Gull Lake, Mich., the purpose is not to build a city, nor establish a col-ony, nor to found a college. It is simply to conduct a summer school on the definite lines of present-day social problems in the light of the teachings of Jesus of Nazareth. In its physical features it will resem-ble some of the Chautauquas which are already es-tablished. " The purpose is not to provide a place where a few theorists can withdraw themselves from a 'wicked world,' but rather where earnest men and women of all shades of opinion may spend two months of the year in conference, so that they may be the bet-ter able to place the imprint of the Nazarene upon public affairs during the other ten months. The teachers in this summer school will include the lead-ing thinkers of this and other countries, the general arrangements in this department being in charge of Prof. George D. Herron, of Iowa." This is the same school referred to in these col-umns in our issue of the irth ult., as being located at Yorkville, Mich. It means simply a National Re-form Chautauqua. We shall doubtless hear more of this enterprise in the future. ARCHBISHOP IRELAND iS credited with the state-ment recently made that " as a plain matter of fact the only safety which the Catholic Church at the present time has in the Philippines for the posses sion of her properties and for the lives of her priepts is the protection afforded by the American flag, and.  all this is fully understood and fully recognized in Rome." So great is the papal appreciation of the serv-ice rendered to " the church " by the Government of the United States that the archbishop was authorized to thank the President in the name of the Pope. Commenting upon the archbishop's statement, the Michigan Christian Advocate says: "In view of the fact that the Philippine revolt was as much against the abuses of the Roman Catholic Church as against Spanish oppression, all this information is more calculated Ł to gratify Catholics than Protes-tants." el* 4.11% EVERY little while we hear something about how Roman Catholics established religious liberty in America, and how " the church has ever stood as the champion.  of liberty," etc. But be it known that when a Roman Catholic speaks of religio.us liberty he does not mean thereby what is generally under-stood by the term; he means simply liberty for Cath- 