302 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY tors of the law on their own ground." The special object of attack is to be base-ball, " because we have a clear case there." There is no doubt ball playing can be stopped on the ground of disturbing the peace, even if there were no court decision to go on. We shall call on the mayor and police depart-ment to stop the games. Then, if nothing is done besides fining the players, it will be time to go to the supreme court, and nothing can de-feat us there. When asked as to what would be done with regard to Sunday saloons, " the as-sociation refused to discuss this matter, admitting it is a harder proposition than the others." A few days after the or-ganization of this association in Detroit it was reported from Lansing that Gov-ernor Bliss had given notice " that he will not interfere in the matter of Sunday baseball in Detroit or Wayne County, and the local authorities will have to settle the matter on their own responsibility." The governor is reported to have said : " I believe there are better places for people to go to on Sunday than to the baseball grounds, but there are also worse places." Ł It seems that the cigar dealers of Phila-delphia are going to find out whether or not the Sunday law of that State is not as incapable of enforcement against their business as it has been decided to be against the business of newspapers. Six dealers who have recently been fined for Sunday selling have appealed, and it is expected that " if the cases can be got to the supreme court the validity of the blue laws will be decided." On April 20 " Lawyer C. R. Woodruff, representing the association championing Sunday clos-ing under the old blue laws of 1794, ap-peared in Court No. 5 " and " argued a rule for the dismissal of the appeals." The court reserved its decision. A few days later the manager of the restaurant at the Broad Street Station and the pro-prietor of a cigar stand at the Reading  Terminal were arrested at the instance of a salesman for a Baltimore cigar com-pany, who alleged that he purchased a.  cigar from the first and two cigars from the second on Sunday, April 19. Both men were fined $5 and costs each by Magistrate South on April 27. They ap-pealed, and it was expected that the ques-tion of " whether or not it is unlawful to sell cigars on Sunday " would be passed upon in the local courts within a.  week or two. The Sunday-closing measure, known as the Finch bill, for which grocery clerks. have been working in New York State this past winter, passed the lower house of the legislature on April 14 by a vote of ninety-nine to thirteen. A brief debate preceded the vote. Mr. Prince and Mr. Cohn " denounced the bill." Mr. Finch " asserted that its purpose was to give grocery clerks a much-needed rest," and Mr. Butler thought it " was a step in the right direction " ; it " would give grocery clerks Sunday off, and would cause many a man to hurry home Saturday night with his wages because he knew grocery stores would be closed Sunday." We do not know whether or not the bill passed the senate before adjournment, but it is very likely that it did. Ł In a decision rendered by three justices of the court of special sessions in New York on April 24 it was held that it is not a violation of the section of the city charter prohibiting Sunday amusements for persons to dance on Sunday for their own amusement. The decision was ren-dered in the case of a dance-hall proprie-tor who had been arrested on April 12 on the charge of violating the Sunday law. A policeman had found several hundred people dancing at his place at four o'clock in the afternoon. The superintendent of police has issued a special order directing policemen to be guided by the decision in making arrests hereafter. 