SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  573 p six warrants altogether, and among those arrested were the general superintendent and several heads of departments of the Edgar Thompson Steel Works, the ticket agent of the Pennsylvania Railroad, the agent of the Adams Express Company, and a livery stable proprietor. The thir-teen druggists, who were charged with selling tobacco and cigars, were dis-charged, the complainant failing to ap-pear at the hearing. On August 6 " the Homestead-Braddock Ministerial Asso-ciation swore out warrants against six employees of¥ the Steeple-Chase Amuse-ment Company at Kennywood Park." While the agitation at these places was at its height " the Lutheran ministers of Pittsburg and Allegheny placed them-selves on record as being strongly op-posed to the sale of soda water on Sun-day." " Rev. J. B. Markward of Wil-kinsburg declared it to be,a shame and a disgrace." In commenting on the agita-tion the Chicago Chronicle had this to say of the place where it began and raged most fiercely : Wilkinsburg is to Pittsburg in a modified way what Evanston is to Chicago. It is in-tensely aristocratic, extremely rich, and de-voutly piousÑlargely in the United Presbyte-rian line. The latest item of news that we have from Wilkinsburg relating to the agita-tion is a newspaper article headed, " Blue Law Talk Under Big Tent," in which we are told that Evangelist C. S. Longacre, Seventh-day Adventist, was speaking to large audiences in a tent on such topics as, " Do the Sunday Blue Laws Have a Scriptural Basis ? " " The Origin and His-tory of the Sunday Laws," " What Are the Limits of Civil Authority and the Rights of Conscience? " " Shall the Church Employ the Law to Enforce Religion in this Country ? " etc., etc. Such talks as these are just what are needed in Wilkinsburg now. The news-paper says " representatives of the church committee of twelve and the druggists' committee of five were on hand to hear the evangelist's sermon " on the first topic. There is no cause so bad but what its friends can adduce some makeshift of an argument in its behalf. And the more in-defensible the cause the more abundant are the specious and sophistical argu-ments urged in its support. The forces in this country which aim at ends which violate the principle of separation of church and state are especially fruitful in this sort of argumentation, although it would seem that they have been surpassed in the last few years by the champions of imperialism. A specimen of this sort of argumentation is this from the Boston Pilot (Roman Catholic) : " Why should not Catholics have some of the taxes they pay to educate their children? The fathers of our republic gained the free-dom of the land by fighting for the principle of no taxation without representation." This is the forcible way the case is put by the Hon.  James Smith, Jr., United States Senator from New Jersey, at the recent celebration of the silver jubilee of the Rt. Rev. John J. O'Connor, D.D., bishop of Newark, N. J. This brought from the Springfield Re-publican the following very sensible com-ment : The Roman Catholics do have their share of the taxes for education. The state assumes the duty of teaching its children, and the ad-vantages of the public schools are open to all of every faith. The Church demands that it shall have a proportion of the school taxes to carry on religious teaching also. This cannot be allowed, simply because it applies the public money to the advantage of a special religious cult. The orator and the editor know this, and all the reasons for it. Any set of people, of any religion or no religion, have an equal right to maintain their own schools, if the public schools do not suit them, but to demand from the state the payment of teachers of any religion or no religion is altogether foreign to the idea of the republic. 