THE "CONTINENTAL SUNDAY"ŠITS LESSON 123 reverence for religious institutions, prom-inent among which was the Sabbath. The laxity of Sabbath observance, the substi-tution of the holiday for the holy day, was the natural manifestation of that loss. The people were still religious; they were not actuated in this by any sentiment of opposition to Christianity, but their con-ception of Christianity had become per-verted. Christianity had become to them an affair of the church, and the church was guided by the decrees of councils and of Popes. Such authority was only hu-man, and nowhere was this more evident than in the matter of Sabbath observance, for the church proudly pointed to the sub-stitution of Sunday, the first day of the week, in the place of the seventh-day Sabbath, as the especial sign of her au-thority. God's law specified the seventh day as the Sabbath ; the church had sub-stituted the first day in its stead. The peo-ple observed the "Sabbath" as an institu-tion of the church, for, indeed, the Sun-day sabbath was just this and nothing more. That they would feel for a human institution the reverence due to that which is divine was not reasonably to be expected. To avoid the "Continental Sunday" it is necessary, therefore, to maintain in the  minds of the people a proper degree of reverence for the Sabbath day. And to this end the people must be made to real-ize that the Sabbath is a divine institu-tion, and not an institution of the church. They must realize that it is not an Amer-ican institution, or a human institution of any kind, but the memorial day of the Creator. They must hear no more about the "American Sabbath," but much more about the "Sabbath of the Lord." They must be pointed, not to the law of man, but to the law of God, as the authority for Sabbath observance. To enact more Sunday legislation for the purpose of warding off the "Conti-nental Sunday" is only to invite that very evil. The Sabbath will never be prop-erly observed without the aid of con-science, and conscience cannot be quick-ened by civil enactments. There must be a return to the Word and law of God. The Sabbath must be recognized not as an institution of human law, but of divine law. It is impossible to persuade all men to keep the Sabbath, but the church can at least present the Sabbath before the world as a divine institution, that it may be recognized and honored as such by all those who have a mind to heed the will of God. This change of feeling toward the blacks, if not coincident with the Spanish war, was undoubtedly greatly enhanced by it and by all the loose talk of an out-grown Constitution and of outlived doc-trines of the equality of man. We cannot agree with Mr. Root that negro suffrage is a failure. . . . No suffrage can be a failure which has not had a fair trial. . . . This Republic rests upon the foundation of political equality, and it has yet to be shown that it can endure with millions of its male citizens dis-franchised.ŠNew York Evening Post. In harmony with the attitude held  everywhere by the clergy of that church, the Methodist preachers of New York at a recent Monday meeting passed reso-lutions protesting against and condemn-ing all attempts to secure any modifica-tion of the law which commands, but does not secure, the closing of saloons on Sun-day. A bill which authorizes the opening of saloons on Sunday afternoons in New York City was introduced into the legis-lature a few weeks ago, but it is thought that the recent decided stand taken on this question by Governor Odell will cause the bill to die in committee. The measure was introduced at the instance of District-Attorney Jerome of New York, 