THE RELIGION AND PUBLIC EDUCATION ISSUE 727 part of it, should be divided so as to provide support for religious schools conducted in accordance with the vary-ing tenets and convictions of the relig-ious believers who make up something like a quarter of the population, if the attempts at their enumeration are to be credited as authentic. For the re-mainder, described by Dr. Geer as ag-nostics, indifferentists and atheists, he would provide the purely secular edu-cation they desire. This is a scheme which has been advocated generally by many of our correspondents, but al-most wholly by Roman Catholics. It could not be introduced except by a constitutional amendment, the proposal of which would be likely to excite one of the bitterest political conflicts in American history. Dr. Geer's discus-sion, therefore, may be said to be aca-demic rather than of a practical or even a practicable question of politics. It is not even to be assumed that Roman Catholics would be united in the sup-port of so radical a revolution of our American school system as it exists and has existed in the States generally, with the passionate support of many generations of Americans and as their proudest boast. The argument of Dr. Geer proceeds on the assumption that " in a country like this, with a mixed population, it is not the right and not the duty nor the policy of the state to educate." In the full sense of the term "educate " that may be true; but the policy on which the public school sys-tem is Vased is that, for self-protection, the state must give to the children to whom its government will be intrusted as citizens the instruction that is neces-sary to fit them for that responsibility. The more mixed the population, there-fore, literate and illiterate and of di-verse races .and inheritance of political conceptions and prejudices, the more necessary is it that the state should exercise this function. Never was this need so imperative as it is now, when this country is receiving the greatest accession of foreigners of an alien speech in its history. First of all, the children of these newcomers must be taught our language and something of our history to fit them for the prime duty and privilege of citizenship to  which they will attain on their reaching manhood. The state has no right to interfere in the vexed problem of the religion they shall profess, but, for its own protection, it must give them ele-mentary secular instruction sufficient to save it from the dangers of an illiter-ate electorate. That is the ground on which state support of public educa-tion is justifiable and requisite. This function of the state, says Dr. Geer, requires only "the simplest, most ele-mental kind of an education for those children who would otherwise be neg-lected." He raises the question Š well worth debate Š whether education sup-ported by public taxation ought to go further than the merely elementary in-struction necessary to save the state from the perils of an ignorant and il-literate electorate. As to providing this instruction only for those whose education would be wholly neglected otherwise, may it not be said that al-ready that is done by the public school? So long as children go to school the state exercises no compulsion as to the character of the schools they shall, at-tend. Many thousands of them in New York are pupils of the Roman Catholic parochial schools, of schools provided by the Jews, or are in private schools. The state offers no interference with religious education of any kind what-ever and no discouragement to it. Dr. Geer argues that our society, even our whole political system, is going to the devil, is becoming "paganized," be-cause our children are growing up with-out a religious education. Ought not the churches and synagogues, then, to make it their first duty to supply this omission? They must provide it, the constitution directs, without support from the state ; and is the burden of cost too heavy? How can it be too heavy if the obligation is to God? The churches are compelled to support their worship by free will contributions only, except so far as concerns the help they get from the state in their statutory exemption from taxation as institutions exclusively for "the moral or mental improvement of men or women," or for religious, charitable and educational purposes; yet, enormous as is the ag-gregate cost of their maintenance, they 