234 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY cerning this institution and authority for its observance. The trouble is that they go to the wrong sources, and obtain in-formation and authority regarding an entirely different institution. This in-stitution now called the "American Sabbath" has a history, and it is a his-tory that extends back for more than a thousand years previous to the discovery of America, and which shows it to be a very different institution from what it is now represented to be. The salient fea-tures of this history are briefly summar-ized in our frontispiece this month. There is no such thing as an American Sabbath, or Jewish Sabbath, nor any other national Sabbath. There is only the Sabbath that was instituted for man at creation, and which all men were commanded to remember in the Fourth Commandment. God is the Author and Sovereign of the Sabbath, and therefore it is properly called in the Scriptures the "Lord's Day." Aside from this day there is no Sabbath. But there is a re-ligious observance which has attempted to usurp the place of the Sabbath, and which assumes, indeed, to be the Sab-bath. When this work of usurpation began it was known as "the venerable day of the sun;" it is now known in this country as the "American Sunday," or "American Sabbath." The term "American Sabbath" is very suggestive of the aims and efforts of those who employ it. American is a word of secular and political signifi-cance; Sabbath is a word of wholly re-ligious and divine significance. The combination of the two words means the union of the political with the religious, or, in the ordinary phraseology of this country, the union of church and state. And it is for this identical purpose that the term "American Sabbath" was in-vented and for which it is constantly  employed. Those who use the term know that the Sabbath is wholly re-ligious, and had its origin long before America came upon the stage of action. But they desire to have American political authority enforce Sabbath ob-servance; hence the term "American Sabbath." Anothez Element in the Anglo- American Bond Much has been said in recent years about an Anglo-American alliance, and many things have been cited in proof of the declaration that "blood is thicker than water." Synchronous with the announce-ment that the influence of England pre-vented a European coalition against the United States during the Spanish-Ameri-can war there now comes something else that has a bearing on this point of Anglo-American sympathy and cooperation that has not been heard of very much in the past, but which will, no doubt, become more prominent in the future. From London, under date of January i8, Mr. Paul Villars, special correspond-ent of the Paris Figaro and the Hearst newspapers in this country, sent the fol-lowing in a dispatch to this country : Few items of American news have been re-ceived with greater approval by staid, old-fashioned Britons than that describing a Washington pastor's denunciation of the efforts of foreign diplomats to inaugurate in the capi-tal city of the United States what the back-bone of the English race reprobates and most dreadsŠ"the Continental Sunday." If the prominent clergymen of the United States will nut themselves on record as supporting the plea of the Rev. Teunis Hamlin for the preser-vation of the "Sabbath of our forefathers" they will receive most cordial moral support here. The provocation of this plea is regarded as peculiarly fortunate, since it emphasizes the chief source of dangerŠthe innovations of for-eigners of high social and political standing. Being pastor of the church regularly attended 