PUBLISHERS' DEPARTMENT 469 TIMIS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, peri yearonths  $1.00  .5o " " three months   .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.25 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .70 Club rate for three and six montns in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order. o..  by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicote the time to which your subscription is paid. In ca..e of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. A LARGE NUMBER of subscriptions expire with this issue. If the date on your wrapper reads "June, 1902" your subscription should be renewed at once. We hope all our subscribers to whom this applies will give this matter their promp' attention. AN OPPORTUNITY FOR BOYS to earn their own spending money. THE SEN-TINEL has a plan whereby one or more bon in every community can earn a nice little sum of money each month. It requires no capital to begin with. Full particulars will be sent to every boy who is interested enough to inquire. A boy nine or ten can do this as well as one older. The sooner you begin the better it will be. Address, THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIB-ERTY, II W. 20th St., New York City. THE JULY SENTINEL We hope to make the next number of THE SENTINEL the best number of the yearŠor at any rate the best number of the year up to that time. It can be announced already that there will appear the best portions of an excellent ad-dress on "Religious Legislation," recently de-livered by Mrs. Stella Archer Maloney in Boston. Also an article by W. N. Glenn, en-titled "Lest We Forget," which, going back to the times of Roger Williams, brings to view and impresses a much-needed lesson as to the inevitable consequences of intermingling re-ligion and civil government. There will be somewhat of an examination of Pope Leo's recent jubilee encyclical, which contains some things that deserve attention. There will also be some articles especially appropriate to the month in which occurs the anniversary of the Declaration of Indepen-dence. The nation has departed far from the principles then announced to the world, and THE SENTINEL, true to its mission, will con-tinue to call attention to these developments and point out the departures from fundamental principles. And by no means the least important feature will be the news of the month in the way of Sunday agitations and enforcement. There is a great deal being done just now in this direc-tion. THE SENTINEL will keep a close watch, and make a full report every month. We can announce now on this point for the July num-ber that there will be a report of the action of the Presbyterian General Assembly on the Sunday question and the discussion attending it. We hope to receive a large number of sub- scriptions and orders for extra copies in time to be filled with the July number. The orders for extra copies should not reach us later than the loth of June. Extra copies will be sent, post-paid, in packages of ten or more at the special rate of 5 cents each. CORONATION A "Coronation Number" of the Signs of the Times will be issued under date of June II. It will give interesting information concern-ing Queen Victoria, King Edward VII., and Queen Alexandra, the accession of Edward, his coronation, etc. Its great object, however, will be to use this occasion in a way that will bring to mind what the Scriptures say concerning the grander cor- fouvfnell CffiallSTUAM 11.1123EM PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, II WEST 20TH ST., NEW YORK CITY. 