84 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of the first Philippine Commission and an utterance of a bishop of the Episco-pal Church, which affirmed that the only religion of the Filipino people was the Catholic religion, that it was almost universally accepted and believed in with the utmost confidence, and that the Filipino people generally were pure, moral and devout. And there was, also a slight intimation that a disturbance of the confidence of the people in that religion might produce evil results with a class of the people. The whole was published as a leading article under the heading, "A Useful Reminder on the Philippines from the Philippine Com- mission," and was so printed that but for the internal evidence to the con-trary which it affords, the reader would be led to suppose that the portion writ-ten by the editors of the magazine, which we quote here, was a part of the Philippine Commission's report : Therefore religionŠand, conse-quently, moralityŠbeing so universal in the Philippines, would it be advis-able to introduce liberty of religious worship in this country? If by free-dom of religion is understood religious toleration in fact, by virtue of which no one can be compelled to profess Catholicism, or be persecuted for .not being a Catholic, but each individual may privately profess the religion that suits him best, then this liberty has always existed in the Philippines; and no Filipino or foreigner has ever been forced to embrace the Catholic religion. But if by liberty of religions is under-stood the granting to all religionsŠfor example, the worship of Confucius or MohammedŠand to all the Protes-tant sects equal rights to open schools, erect churches, create parishes, have processions and public ceremonies, with the Catholic Church, we believe that it would not only not be advisable, but it would be a lamentable measure for any government which may rule the destines of the Filipinos., In fact, if this government should concede the liberty of religions, it will make itself  hateful to 6,500,000 of Filipino Cath-olics ; because, although said govern-ment may not profess any religion, the Filipino people would hold it responsi-ble for all the consequences of this measure, and so it could not be re-garded favorably by these 6,500,000 Catholics. They are fully convinced that their religion is the only true one, the only one by which man can be saved; and if any government should try to deprive them of this religion, which is the most precious jewel and the richest inheritance that they have received from their superiors, although it may not be more than permitting Protestant or heterodox propagandism publicly and boldly, then they could not help complaining, and disturbance of public order might even result from it, with all the fury and all the disas-ters which, as is well known, this kind of war usually entails. Two serious difficulties may oppose the rights of Catholicism in the Philip-pines. The first is the Americans who are governing there, and the second is the Filipinos themselves. The Ameri-cans enjoy in America the most com-plete religious liberty. Why, then, should they not enjoy the same liberty on moving to the Philippines? We an-swer that each citizen should conform to the laws of the country where he lives. The Chinese enjoyed the most complete liberty to erect temples to Buddha or to Confucius; but for three centuries they have not had such lib-erty in Manila. On the other hand, no Chinese has been obliged to become a Catholic ; and we may say more, no Chinese has needed to make a show of his religion in order to trade, become rich, and return to die in China. The same may be said of Englishmen and Americans. If, in the Philippines, for the good order and good government of 6,500,000 Catholics, besides which there are only 1,500,000 inhabitants, idolaters and Mohammedans, who are still to be civilized, it is necessary not to permit nor to encourage liberty of religions, the government which rules the destinies of these islands should legislate in this direction, for the lawn should be adapted to the necessities; of the majority of the citizens. And 