THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Sunday Enforce-  "Not within a cen-ment in Philadel-  tury has such persis- phia Again tent, illiberal and un- just Sunday-law enforcement been at-tempted," says the Sabbath Recorder with regard to the Philadelphia Sun-day-enforcement crusade. But such an-other crusade will not be seen there in the immediate future. To the vigorous opposition of the Public Ledger, the re-buke of the grand jury, and the deci-sion of the Court of Quarter Sessions holding the method of obtaining evi-dence to be unlawful, must be added now one other impediment which has been placed in the way of the "Sab-bath" Association. Even the magis-trate in whose court the wholesale pros-ecutions have been made throughout the crusade has now decided to wash his hands of such work. In a state-ment which was reported in the Public Ledger on January 22 Magistrate South declared that he had "seen enough of this persecution," and that he would "have no more of it." He went on to describe how the poor and the blind had been arraigned before him by the agents of the "Sabbath" Association, and declared that they would obtain no more warrants from him, and that had he known to what the thing was to lead he would have issued no warrants for them at the beginning. He said the whole thing had become repugnant to him, and that he would have nothing whatever to do with such work in the future. But the "Sabbath" Associa-tion has not given up, though it evi-dently feels that there is need of justi-fying itself to the public. On January 25 it issued the following "public dec-laration of principles," and,  because of the very clear light which it throws upon the motive not only behind this Philadelphia Sunday-law crusade, but behind Sunday-law enforcement in gen-eral, we reproduce it here : The preservation of the Christian Sabbath requires that Christian people must organize for the purpose to resist the powerful organizations which are formed to blot out our salutary Sunday law. This law is by no means intended to compel anybody to attend church or accept the Gospel. It simply pro-tects the Christian element of our popu-lation to which the nation owes its existence and its perpetuation, in its inalienable right to worship God on this holy day, unmolested by secular traffic and distraction of the world. It also guarantees to laboring men a day of rest each week, which unscrupu-lous, powerful corporations dare not ruthlessly ignore. The Philadelphia Sabbath Associa-tion cannot be justly condemned for not devoting its efforts to the suppres-sion of speakeasies, gambling dens and brothels. . . . It has all it can do to endeavor to preserve to the present generation and to their future poster-ity the sacred heritage of the Lord's Day for rest of body and strength of soul. No impression could possibly be more false than that the Sabbath As-sociation exists to prosecute the un-scrupulous shopkeepers who take mean advantage of their God-fearing, law-abiding neighbors to steal their trade by illegally doing business on Sundays as on other days. The Sabbath Asso-ciation does not prosecute anybody, but it does, exert every effort in its power to encourage and co-operate with the various trades to use the aid of the law for the very purpose for which it was framed in protecting themselves against the iniquity of the ruin of their business by foreigners and infidels, and in preserving to themselves the divine right of having one day in every seven for rest and worship. Chief Justice Woodward, in Johnson vs. the Commonwealth (1853), said in regard to the Sunday laws of 1794: "These statutes were not designed to compel men to go to church or to wor-ship God in any manner inconsistent with their personal preferences, but to compel a cessation of those employ-ments which are calculated to interfere with the rights of those who choose to 