EDITORIAL 293 and departed farther and farther from God. And out of the condition which ensued came politics and the state. Now the pregnant question is, Did or does God govern man notwithstanding his aposta-sy from Him, and does He do it through the state which has come because of man's apostasy from God? Or, can man, by means of politics and the state, get himself out of the condition from which sprang politics and the state ? Can the human race, by means of social and political organization, bring itself back to its original condition, to the state of perfect rightness and harmony with God? Can man, who has fallen under the dominion of sin, organize himself free from that dominion? The philoso-phy of this age answers these questions in the affirmative. It assumes that per-fection in human society can be attained, and that the state will be the chief in-strument in this attainment and the chief instrument in its maintenance when it is attained. Therefore, it is not strange that it is held that religion and the state can-not be separated, for religion must per-meate and control a perfect society, and if the state be so important an institu-tion in that society of course it must be religious. We are persuaded, however, that this philosophy does not take ac-count of some exceedingly important things. In a perfect society, in a so-ciety where righteousness prevails, there will be no place for the state. The con-ditions which generated it and which make it necessary will no longer exist. God does in a sense continue to rule the human race, notwithstanding its apos-tasy from Him, but He does not do it through organizations, and certainly not through the state. He does it through the influence of His Spirit operating upon the hearts and consciences of indi-viduals. Thus many are brought back  to obedience to Him, but it is always as individuals, not as organizations. This is what He has put Christianity in the world for. And through Christianity He has made it plain that there is but one way whereby human beings can be re-stored to the condition which man orig-inally enjoyed. The difficulty with this philosophy of which we have spoken is that it ignores this provision, and as-sumes that humanity can be saved in some other way than that appointed by God. It,assumes that human society, by means of human institutions which have sprung up because of human imperfec-tion and sin, can restore itself and its members to righteousness and rectitude Što harmony with God. However pleas-ing such a scheme may appear to the im-agination, it is a deception and an illu-sion. The effort to get back to God by means of the state means only to get fur-ther away from God; it means the exal-tation of the state to the place of God. Moral. Culture and Sunday Legis- lation A gentleman of some prominence, though favoring the Sunday opening of saloons, says that there must be legisla-tion prohibiting industry on Sunday be-cause "the cultivation of the moral na-ture is of the greatest importance, and people must have opportunity for such culture." It is very true that the cultivation of the moral nature is of the greatest im-portance, but it cloys not follow that this is a work to which government should devote itself, for it must be admitted that this is a matter in which legislation will prove exceedingly crude and bungle-some. Nowhere is the inadequacy of legisla- 