440 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY worldly wisdom can invent or earth obey; a purer happiness and joy than earth can give to its votaries, coming through a service that is independent of all human inventions." While in the world unconverted, God says to them : "Ye were. . . aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world; but now in Christ Jesus," having His one Spirit, " ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow-citizens with the saints, and of the household of God ; and are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ him-self being the chief cornerstone." Eph. 2: 12-20. This is the citizenship of Jesus Christ, this is Christian citizenship. It is because of this heavenly birthright and due allegiance that we are exhorted to love God with all the heart, might, mind, and soul, and to love our neighbor as ourselves; for thus loving God and sustaining such a relation to the kingdom of heaven, we would seek to win our neighbor to the same blessed allegiance. Loving God with all the heart, might, mind, and soul, we have not time to dabble in the politics of the world. "For our citizenship [politeuma] is in heaven; from whence also we wait for a Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ." Phil. 3 : 2o, R.V. What then?Š" Only let your manner of life [politeusthe, your action as a citi-zen] be worthy of the Gospel of Christ; ... with one soul striving for the faith of the Gospel." Phil. I :27, R.V. This is to walk as Christ walked. " Because as He is, so are we in this world." " He that saith he abideth in Him ought him-self also so to walk, even as He walked." John 4: z7; 2: 6. This is Christian citizenship, the teachings and example of Jesus Christ. This is not to justify our desires by the mistakes or the work of God's servants in past generations. The question of the Christian should not be :  What did Paul do on a special occasion? What did Daniel, the captive servant, do when put in certain positions by the kings of Babylon and Persia? But it is: What does the Gospel teach? What was the example of Jesus Christ? What would He do, according to that example and teaching, were He here now? What would Jesus ChristŠthe same yesterday, to-day, and foreverŠdo? Those in whom that Word wrought in the past counted not themselves citizens of any country. They " confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth," that they sought " a country," " a better country, that is, an heavenly; wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God; for He hath prepared for them a city." Heb. i i : 13-16. Of that country and city they are citizens, and to that citizenship they invite all, irrespective of race or nation. The Blessedness of Christian Citizenship What a blessing is this to the Chris-tian ! He is tied to no race or land. Like Abraham of old, he is called out from his country, from his kindred, and from his father's house. den. z2: I. He is a friend to all, he is prejudiced against none. He will work and pray for white and black, for brown or yellow, for Amer-ican or Chinese, for Armenian or Turk. All are the purchase of Christ's blood ; to all is the Christian a debtor to tell them of the better land, the better city, the better citizenship, the better King. " Narrow " is such a view ?ŠNay, it is broad as heaven. " Cramping " to ideas is it ?ŠNay, it is a glass from God's own laboratory, which corrects all the aber-rations of political science or political ex-pedients or schemes. It shows the polit-ical games, in which men see so much or so little, just as they are seen in the light of God's truth. And over and above all, it reveals God's working among men for the salvation of His people, despite 