THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. - 9- Ł I tics a department of Christianity. This scheme was heritance with him. And Jesus said to him: "You tried by Calvin at Geneva; it was tried by " the have correctly divined my mission. The settlement saints " in the days of Cromwell; it was tried by the of disputes and the apportionment of legacies is a Mathers in New England. Because of this scheme part of my work.- ŁChristianity is to have a depart. the true church was obliged to flee for refuge ment of politics for the consideration and settle-into the wilderness, and millions of saints were ment of all such affairs, and you have given me a "-worn out " by the fires of persecution and the Ł good opportunity to start that work." Was this dreadful implements of intolerance. Because of the the attitude of the Master toward that appeal? No. department of politics the history of so-called Chris-  He said: " Man, who made me a judge or a divider tianity is one of the most melancholy records of past over you." And then, taking the incident as a text, times. he proceded with the work for which he had come, But it would seem that the important question and warned his hearers to beware of the evil of for Christian people when confronted by a genera-  covetousness. tion which purposes to make politics a department And again: There was a generation of people, a of its Christianity, would be, Can politics be made considerab_e company, in the days of the Master a -department of CliristianityŠof the Christianity who were enthusiastic in the determination not only of Christ? Would the Master have politics made a to make politics a department of their Christianity, department of his religion? This question should but a department of the Christianity of Christ. So appeal with special force to Dr. Meyer, who, in his strong was this determination that they proposed excellent little book, "The Shepherd Psalm," has that the Saviour be made a king, and in case of re-well written: " We take a long time ere we learn luctance on his part they were prepared to force the that the place of usefulness and blessedness is in honor upon him. Jesus perceived their purpose and following the lead of Jesus. We are much more hastened to assure them that their task was'not as 'liable to imitate some scheme which our judgment hard as they had anticipated. " I am glad," he said, may have passed upon after 'a hurried hearing of its " that so large a company of people is so thoroughly claims than to ask where Christ wants us to be and imbued with the true spirit of my mission. Chris- whither he is leading. The one ambition of our tianity is for the good of the world and the salvation being should be to be sure we are resolutely follow-  of mankind, and the sooner Christian people can ob- ing the Shepherd whithersoever He goeth." tain possession of the seats of authority and do- Let Christians turn to the text-book of Chris- minion the sooner will its blessings be spread tianityŠthe .BibleŠin which Dr. Meyer notes a re-  throughout the earth. Where the kings of the Gen-newed interest, and distinguish between the true tiles now exercise lordship Christians should be and the false in the following: placed. This bring local and national govern- One day as the Saviour went forth, a publican ments to an ideal planeŠat least to a plane named Levi, sitting at the receipt of custom, gave on which will be found the best interests of the his heart to the Master, and was on the point of for-  commonwealth.' Politics must be made an im-saking his toll-booth and the business of tax-gather-  portant department of Christianity, and the ac-ing. But Jesus hastened to say to him, "That is complishment of the purpose which you, are now,de-unnecessary, Matthew. You can be my disciple termined upon will enable me to make this work 'a right here. Politics is to be a department of success. I therefore accept your offer of temporal Christianity, and now is a good time to begin dominion." What saith the Scriptures? " When that work. The years of experience you have had Jesus therefore perceived that they would come and as a publican is just what is needful -to make that take him by force to make him a king, he departed work a success, and you must remain where you are again into a mountain himself alone." And again, at and push the work of that department." But the another time, " Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of Master did not speak thus. He said, "Follow me." this world. If my kingdom were of this world, then "And he left ALL, rose up, and followed him." would my servants fight, that I should not be de- Again: Two men, brothers, were in dispute livered to the Jews; but now is my kingdom not from over an inheritance, and one of them appealed to hence." the Saviour to cause his brother to divide the in- If there is indeed, as Dr. Meyer alleges " a wide- 