'THE MASSACHUSETTS HEARING 221 that which is inspired by sectarian envy, and rivalry for the same sort of favor and support. The pretension that the Seventh-day Adventists in opposing Sunday legisla-tion and enforcement are working to gain for the seventh day the legislative support that is now given to the first day, is eminently worthy of those who make it and the cause in behalf of which it is made. The people who make it seem to be utterly unable to comprehend that there can be such a thing as separa-tion of religion and the state in this mat-ter. The only alternative that they can think of for the enforcement of Sunday is the enforcement of some other day. They cannot comprehend, and it is not strange, that anybody can desire and can work hard to secure the complete aboli-tion of all such enforcement; to secure simple freedom of choice and action in the matter. The Adventists, like all other people, usually have some cause or motive for doing whatever they do. They, of course, do not take action with regard to mat-ters in which they feel no concern. There is of course reason for the fact that they are to-day and have been for many years most stanch and active advocates and upholders of the principle of separation of church and state and of inalienable human rights with reference to this mat- Ł ter of Sunday legislation and enforce-ment. And that reason is not far to seek. It is found in the fact that they more than others have been made to feel the oppression of Sunday enforcement, and have thereby been aroused to a keen sense of its iniquity. They are hardly to blame for this ; and if this casts discredit upon their constant appeal to the prin-ciple of separation of church and state and to the fundamental rights of human nature in opposition to Sunday legisla-tion and enforcement, then all the strug-gles of the past against oppression and  all the victories of human freedom are discredited. In all the years that they have been fighting Sunday legislation and enforce-ment the Seventh-day Adventists have never once given the slightest reason for the insinuation that they are working for state support of " their day," or that they have any other desire than to have put into practise the universal principles of right and justice to which they have constantly appealed. It will be time enough to call a halt upon the Adventists when they begin to show some signs of emulating the example of the Sunday agitators, and we assure these last-named gentlemen that THE SENTINEL will gladly join them in opposition to the enforcement of the seventh day. But in the meantime THE SENTINEL and the Adventists will not be diverted from the issue that is now before them. It is not the Adventists, but the Sunday cham-pions who are now demanding the en-forcement of a religious rest day, and they are the people to whom attention should now be given, and all honor to the Adventists and all others who are persistently meeting their demand with the opposition it so much deserves. We have wandered somewhat from the matter under consideration, but this digression seemed necessary in view of the sort of construction that the Sunday opponents of this bill ip Massachusetts have attempted to put upon the fact that the bill was supported chiefly by Sev-enth-day Adventists. Next week we shall present something very good bear-ing on this point and on others that were presented in opposition to the bill, by one who was present at the hearing, but who was not granted time for his re-marks. As was of course to be expected, the hearing was the only outcome of the bill in the legislature. It was not re-ported favorably, and of course will die. But as we said at the beginning, it did 