'666 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY and with their fellow-beings as chil-dren of God. This is the sphere of God's government, the sphere in which an infinitely higher law than force gov-erns Š even the law of love Š yes, the law of love, not that fatal counterfeit self-love, self-asserting love, that has brought into the universe that utterly foreign, unnatural and abnormal thing : force, compulsion, coercion. But though coercion has come, and in this world seems indispensable in order to maintain a tolerable degree of order and justice, it is destitute of moral force, it is utterly powerless to inspire and uplift the soul. It may repress crime, but it cannot produce righteous-ness. Love remains, and can never cease to be, the law of the moral sphere. And that means that the beings God has created have perfect freedom of choice in serving Him. They are free to worship their Creator or not to wor-ship Him ; to love Him or not to love Him; to yield obedience to His will or not to yield ; to fulfil His purpose concerning them or not to fulfil it. And this is religious liberty ; but not relig-ious liberty in its deepest and truest sense. It is the religious _liberty that is absolutely essential in order that a deeper and truer religious liberty may be attained and enjoyed. In the nature of things the law of religious liberty, of freedom of choice, preceded the creation of intelligent be-ings, and must have attended and been coincident with the very purpose of their creation itself. The very consti-tution of the mind shows that He who made it made it to be free ; that He made it so that they who would bring it into bondage could succeed only in destroying it. "Freedom of thought is the only kind of thought there is; not to be free to think is to be unable to think." The mind cannot be com-manded to think this or to think that,  to believe this or to believe that. It will think only what it will think, and will believe only what it will believe. If there -is any power in the universe that can deprive the mind of its power of choice, it is that power of choice itself, which may do so by long per-version of this divine gift. Self-direc-tion is the divine prerogative of every intelligence. Let us see, as best we can, why this is the case. We can eonceiv, of a time when there were no created intelli-gsnces, from the very fact that they were created. Perhaps we know little of God's purpose in filling the universe with intelligences. We read in the Scriptures of the eternal purpose which He hath purposed in Himself and in Christ Jesus our Lord, and which frOm times eternal hath been hid in Himself. We know that this purpose is in Christ, but the riches of Christ are unsearch-able, and "eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither hath it entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love Him" Š that is, the things to enjoy which he brought intelligent beings into exist-ence. But we do know, and perhaps we know little of what that means, that God created these beings for His glory. We know that these beings were to be in their sphere and to the full capac-ity of their natures a reproduction of their Creator H;msel f, anl that it was designed that they should find in Him that which evoked their supreme rever-ence and adoration and satisfied the deepest yearnings of their natures. They were made to love God, to wor-ship Him, to observe the law which is the reflection of His character, to con-form their characters to His, to be in perfect harmony with Him and all the beings He has made. I cannot do better here than to quote the words of another, as indicating the Ł Ł 