714 THE SENTINEL OF tinned at length, demonstrating the fact that those who believe that Sunday should be ' regarded religiously, and that its observance should tend to the uplifting of society, ought to be the first to ask for the cessation of com-pulsory idleness with its attendant temptations to crime and degradation. They ought to ask this also, that the question should be freed from all com-plications with politics and with lower considerations, and placed, once for all, upon its true basis as a religious insti-tution, regard for which, in order to be helpful or morally or religiously healthful, must be based upon regard for divine law, and therefore upon con-science toward God, and not compul-sory obedience to a civil law of human enactment. No reform can be attained on a false basis nor by wrong methods. Such ef-forts are self-destructive. True Sab-bath reform is a vital issue. Popular theories and prevalent methods obscure the truth and thwart reform. The Sab-bath question is \ a religious one, and must be settled on a religiOus basis. Sunday legislation was the direct prod-uct of the state-church system of pagan Rome. There was not a single Chris-tian characteristic in the first Sunday edict. Sunday legislation was de-veloped in Christian history as a part of the state-church system of Roman-ized Christianity. 'Under that system Sunday became the leading ecclesias-tical-civil holiday. This evolved the Continental Sunday. Puritan Protest-ants continued Sunday legislation after the Roman Catholic model, with a large  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY admixture of Levitical Judaism, under the false claim that the Fourth Com-mandment had been transferred from the seventh to the first day of the week. Both these errors have been rejected in the light of facts and through the growth of religious liberty. Still the ancient Sunday laws remain on our statute books, working evil results by enforcing idleness and preventing the proper Ł consideration of the Sabbath question as a religious issue. Gather-ing evils will increase until two radical changes take place: 1. The separation of all legislation touching the business of liquor selling from legislation concerning other forms of business. Liquor selling is opposed to the general welfare of society. It is a menace to good order, pure politics, and clean government. It should not be associated by. law with any form of legitimate business. 2. Civil laws which enforce general idleness on Sunday must be repealed by a natural process of decay or by formal action. The evolution of history has written this verdict. The revolu-tion must come, quietly or by storm. The friends of religion and of genuine Sabbath reform ought to aid such rev-olution instead of opposing it. The time is ripe. The logic of events Šanother name for divine power Š is forcing men to gather the harvest. They may temporize, compromise and argue, but the results of historic evolu-tion cannot be evaded. He is wise who heeds God's voice in history, and God's decisions as they appear in tendencies and evolutions. According to the New York Sun " Good Friday " is' now " recognized as a holiday " by the States of Ala-bama, Louisiana, Maryland, Pennsyl-vania, and Tennessee. A bill to make  this church holy day a public holiday was introduced in the New York legis-lature at the last session, but did not get through. Such a bill will be, but should not be, passed later. 