10 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. The records of both are a fearful com-mentary on such unions. It is a com-bination that assumes the prerogative to compel men in matters of religion. It has no conscience; hence it is no respecter of conscience. It invades the sacred precincts of the conscience, and persecutes those who resist its in-vasions. It deprives men of their in-alienable rights, and endeavors to ex-terminate those who persist in asserting their rights. There can be neither civil nor re-ligious liberty where there is absolute union of church and state. But between such union and the first steps leading toward it there are many degrees, each  of which is dangerous and works in-jury to men. The first appeal of the church to the state for religious legislation is a step, an advance move, made toward church and state union. And the first legisla-tive act in response to that appeal is, to that extent, union. It is the foundation-stone for complete union. The principle involved in this trans-action is a dangerous one. It contains a germ, which if not prevented by some counter agency, will develop into that absolute union that usurps authority over men, shackles their consciences, and robs them of their natural and in-alienable rights. The True Basis of BE C. P. THE writer firmly believes that the American basis of civil govern-ment, namely, natural rights, is the only true one. Our forefathers set forth as a self-evi-dent truth the proposition that all men have rights, and "that to secure these rights governments are instituted among men." This was a high conception of the mission of government. For many cen-turies rulers had claimed a divine right to bestride the necks of the people, first of all for their own benefit, and only in-cidentally for the good of their subjects. But the Declaration of Independence swept away that claim and in its stead gave to the world the vastly higher con-ception that rights, not rulers, are sacred and that government exists not for the few but for the many, not in order that Civil Government. Bollman. kings might live at ease, but that both rulers and people might enjoy their God-given rights. It is because rights are God-given that they constitute the true basis of just government. It was God who ordained human rights, and He ordained govern-ment for the preservation of these rights. This He did by making man such a be-ing that he would naturally organize to secure the rights to which his reason, aided by the light of nature, taught him he was entitled. But some men brand the fundamental law of the American Government as "infidel" because it does not recognize the Scriptures of the Old and New Tes-taments as of supreme authority in gov-ernmental affairs. In a paper recently published in the Homiletic Review, 