Liberty, Not Anarchy. Editorial in New York "Independent," October 24. Republished by permission. NICE discrimination and poise of judgment are not easy to attain or to maintain in times of public danger. Whenever the people are deeply stirred by calamity or by great wrong they express extreme opinions, and too often they adopt extreme measures. The supreme test of high civilization is pop-ular self-command. A people that can struggle against the evils that arouse in-dignation, and that can face grave danger without losing its head, is a people that can be truly described as not only en-lightened, but as also disciplined and en-nobled by all the experiences of time. In commenting upon the danger of anarchism The Independent has been careful to say no word that might be inimical to that true liberty for which the American nation has stoodŁ proudly before the world for more than a hun-dred years. For freedom to worship God according to the dictates of their con-sciences ; for freedom to speak their thoughts subject only to the restraints of public opinion and the laws of slan-der; for freedom also to criticise the forms and the methods of human gov-ernment, to call to account men in high places of authority, our forefathers sac-rificed all that men hold dear, even to the giving up of life. We should be rec-reant children indeed if we held lightly the priceless possession which they be-queathed. We have therefore been sincerely sorry to see in many quarters a disposition to deal with the problem of anarchism as if it were insoluble by other means than a relapse into the paternalism, not to say the absolutism, of European political  systems. Ill-considered talk about "too much liberty" is quite as bad in its way as irresponsible talk about some purely imaginary "tyranny." The experiment of popular government must indeed have been a sorry failure if the fundamental guarantees of the Bill of Rights must now be abandoned in order to save the ship of state from anarchistic mutineers. This ill-considered talk about "too much liberty" and the necessity of going back to "more stringent modes of gov-ernment" is unhappily only one phase of a widespread reaction of thought which, we believe, it is time to expose and to oppose. No man in his senses will for an instant hesitate to support any meas-ure that may in reality be necessary to suppress criminal anarchism. But crimi-nal anarchism is not the only danger that threatens the American nation. Our in-stitutions, our happiness, our intellectual life, our morality itselfŠthese are threat-ened by certain forms of irresponsible power, by the arrogance of great wealth which does not acknowledge its indebt-edness to society or admit its obligations to humanity. It is a contemptible sort of a man who gets red in the face as he denounces hair-brained wretches like Czolgosz, Emma Goldman and Herr Most, while carefully concealing his opinion of great corporate interests and of men in high places whose assaults upon the integrity of society have been quite as ruthless, and far more effective than the ravings of the anarchistic mob. It is a temptation that strongly besets the business mind to regard every ques-tion of social order, of human interest, from the standpoint of dollars and cents. 