280 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. ernment of love. That is, the sovereignty of God in-volved fullness of happiness to all created beings. The only obedience for which Heaven cares is an obedi-ence born of love. The King of the Universe asks nought but a voluntary allegiance. In other words, the government of God is a government by "the con-sent of the governed." And the "consent of the gov-erned" doctrine is the foundation stone of the govern-ment of God. This is made clear all through the Bible. Of be-ings who dwell in heaven, it is written in the Book of Revelation : "A throne was set in heaven, and one sat on the throne. And he that sat was to look upon like a jasper and a sardine stone ; and there was a rainbow round about the throne, in sight like unto an amerald. And round about the throne were four and twenty seats ; and upon the seats I saw four and twenty elders sit-ting, clothed in white raiment ; and they had on their heads crowns of gold. * * * The four and twenty elders fall down before him that sat on the throne, and worship him that liveth forever and ever, and cast their crowns before the throne, saying: " 'Thou are worthy, 0 Lord, to receive glory and honor and power; for thou hast created all things," and for thy pleasure they are and were created.' " This is a living picture of the operation of the gov-ernment of heaven. The four and twenty elders ad-dress the Lord, saying, "Thou art worthy to receive glory and honor and power." God, the King, receives his glory from these. True, he sits upon the throne, but these all wear crowns, the symbols of sovereignty. God is King over them, because they want it so. Were all the power of the universe theirs, they would not have it otherwise. Again, it is written of those who are redeemed from this earth, and who ultimately become dwellers in the better land beyond : "The four beasts and four and twenty elders fell down before the Lamb, having every one of them harps, and golden Vials full of odours, which are the prayers of saints. And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof; for thou wast slain, and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred, and tongue, and people, and nation ; and hast made us unto our God kings and priests ; and we shall reign on the earth. "And I beheld, 'and I heard the voice of many an-gels round about the throne and the beasts and the elders ; and the number of them was ten thousand times ten thousand, and thousands of thousands ; say-ing with a loud voice, Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength, and honor, and glory, and blessing. And  every creature which is in heaven, and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as are in the sea, and all that are in them, heard I saying, Blessing, and hon-or, and glory, and power, be unto him that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb forever and ever." Those of the children of men who are saved out of every kindred and tongue and people and nation do not become subjects controlled by the arbitrary will of another. They will not desire to be in such a state, and God would not have them in such a state. On the contrary, God makes them kings and priests. More than this, he makes them kings and priests unto God, and they ﬁreign on the earth." And they say with a loud voice, "Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength, and honor, and glory, and blessing." Now all of this does not sound as if there were subjects or serfs in heaven, or in the world to come. It does show, beyond a shade of a shadow of a doubt, that in the realms of God every redeemed man is a king. To be sure, the Father and the Son are kings over all, but pre-eminently and fundamentally they are this "by the consent of the governed." God and Jesus are kings because every soul in the redeemed universe wants it so. They would not rule over unwilling sub-jects. "For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God. For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear; but ye have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father, The spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God ; and if children, then heirs; heirs of God and joint heirs with Christ ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified to-gether. For I reckon that the sufferings of this pres-ent time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us." This, then, is our status in the world to come. The spirit of bondage gone, we become "heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ." Heirs and joint-heirs to what? To the kingdom, of course. Again, in Ephesians, 2:12 and 19, it is written : "At that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world ; but now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ." "Now, therefore, ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints, and of the household of God." The redeemed are "fellow-citizens" with the saints, not fellow-subjects, and great is the difference between the two estates. Subjects exist in monarchies ; citizens in "governments by the consent of the governed." 