DISSIPATION OF SELF-GOVERNMENT IN UNITED STATES 333 Their silver and gold plate, all their rich furniture, were carried after them in prodigious quantities ; and, in short, all the equipage and utensils so voluptuous a life requires. This luxury and ex-travagance rose in time to such an ex-cess as was little better than downright madness." . To this record the cam-paigns of Darius in his defense against Alexander the Great bear abundant wit-ness, and that is why the little army of Alexander, consisting of but thirty to less than fifty thousand troops at the most, could so easily annihilate every force that Darius brought against him, even though at one time his force con-sisted of nearly half a million, and the last time of more than a million. Alexander's troops were not the most strictly temperate by any means, even at the beginning of his campaign ; yet they stood far short of the point which the Persians had reached, for it is the his-torical record that even after Marathon the Greek troops, as well as their com-manders, were "accustomed to temper-ance." But by the time of Alexander, through the indulgences allowed by Philip, the Macedonians especially had gone far from temperance. And through Alexander's successes and excesses the Greeks were carried to an extreme but little short of that which had ruined the Persian's. "And in the latter time of their kingdom, when the transgressors were come to to the full," because of this the Greek empire fell, and there stood up the Romans, who presented them-selves before the world, and who indeed really stood, as the exemplars of self-government on the earth. Of them it has been well said that they "possessed the faculty of self-gov-ernment beyond any people of whom we have historical knowledge," excepting only the Anglo-Saxons. This faculty of self-government was but the conse- quence, or rather the manifestation, of principles inculcated upon and recog-nized by the individual Roman. At al-most the turning point in Rome's career as truly self-governingŠjust before she entered upon her career of world con-questŠin 136 B.C., an embassy was sent by the Roman government to the king of Egypt. This embassy was composed of Scipio Africanus, junior, Spuriuc Mummius, and L. Metellus. And of them at the court of the king of Egypt the story runs: "Although they were entertained with all the varieties of the most sumptuous fare, yet they would touch nothing of it other than what was useful, in the most temperate .manner, for the necessary support of nature, dis-placing all the rest as that which cor-rupted the mind as well as the body, and bred vicious humours in both." Nor was this conduct peculiar to these three ambassadors. It is certified: "Such was the moderation and temperance of the Romans at this time, and hereby it was that they at length advanced their state to so great a height." But the same writer is compelled to observe that "in this height would they have still continued, could they have retained the same virtues. But when their prosper-ity, and the great. wealth obtained there-by, became the occasion that they de-generated into luxury and corruption of manners, they drew attack and ruin as fast upon them as they had before vic-tory and prosperity, till at length they were undone by it." Of the enormous excesses of the later republic, of the early empire and the later empire, the world thoroughly knows ; and in that well knows the chief cause of the fall of the mighty empire of Rome into the most thorough ruin that ever befell a nation. Now how Ł stands it in the. United States to-day? What is the tendency in 