irThe aeofooll 00 OffallETNIV 11133E2TY Vol,. 17.  NEW YORK, JANUARY, 1902. No. 2.     True Liberty By A. T. Jones LIBERTY is a great word. It means a great thing. That word has been made a great deal of, many times. That thing has been compara-tively very little known, even by those who 'have made so¥ much of the word. By the history of the world this has been made so manifest that by men it is well understood that there is, and that there must be recognized, a clear distinction between liberty and "Liberty ! ! !" This distinction was understood, and was pointed out, long ago; and by emi-nent preachers of liberty. In the Scrip-tures it is written, by Peter, that there are those who promise to others liberty, while "they themselves are the servants of corruption" (2 Pet. 2: 19); and by Paul: "Brethren, ye have been called unto liberty ; only use not liberty for an occasion to the flesh¥" Gal. 5 : 13. What-ever therefore may be claimed -to be liberty, which at the same time is being used for an occasion of the flesh, as a means of indulging or expressing any fleshly trait, is not liberty at all. What-ever promise or claim of liberty may be made by those who themselves are the servants of corruption, that comes thus  hampered by any condition or trait of corruptness, or assertion or indulgence of selfishness, is a delusion and a snare; it is not liberty at all, however much it may be shouted as "Liberty ! !" To-day anarchy is indulged, promoted and shouted under the claim and title of liberty, while on its face it is but the indulgence, to the very limit, of selfish propensity, and in essence, as in logic, is simply nihilismÑnothingness. This is easily and directly deducible from the indubitable expressions of anarchy itself. Its sole and insatiable desire is to murder and to destroy, especially to murder rulers and to destroy govern-ment ; and to destroy government by murdering rulers ! As certainly and as long as there are men on the earth, so certainly and so long there must be and there will be government on the earth. GoVernment on earth begins with the individual man ; he was made to govern himself. If the individual man will not govern himself, then he must be governed by govern-ment not of himself. And there are in this world such a multitude of people who will npt govern themselves, and 