408 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY and devastation, aided by the ensuing famine and pestilence, had reduced the population of the province from 300,000 to 200,000 since the beginning of the military occupation, and that the only outlook for the future was "famine with all its horrible consequences." And the declaration that hundreds of court-mar-tial trials of soldiers and officers for of-fenses against the natives have taken place, which has been made in the at-tempt to offset the effect of the informa-tion that has become public, only goes to establish the fact that brutality has been common. It is certain that no very large per cent. of the instances of cruelty and 'torture have been taken up by courts-martial, and as for the water torture there has evidently been no pretension of calling its perpetrators to account, for, instead of being condemned, it seems to have become a recognized feature of the military operations. And thus it has be-come the "water cure," instead of the water torture, which it really is and as it was known to the Spaniards. The unearthing of these reports, the testimony of returned soldiers as to the practise of the "water cure" and other methods of torture, and the news of other atrocities from the archipelago, naturally aroused considerable indigna-tion and fastened public attention upon the matter. At this point the President, through the Secretary of War, called for a rigid investigation of "these violations of law and humanity," and ordered that those responsible for "acts of cruelty and barbarity" be placed upon trial by court martial at once. It was necessary to urge that no time be lost, from the fact that one of the most conspicuous in-stances of official brutality occurred so long ago that the statute of limitations would soon save the offenders from any trial at all. And yet it is pretended that all cases of brutality are promptly dealt  with by the military authorities ! The trial of the general who gave the "howl-ing-wilderness" order has taken place, but the outcome is unknown. At the trial the giving of the order was boldly ac-knowledged and defended, and the out-cry against it was attributed to "hysteri-cal public opinion" and mere "sentiment" for which "there is no place in war." One instance of brutality on which the light has at last been turned, was that of the torture of the Presidente of Igbarras, a man of some fifty years of age, on No-vember 27 and 28, 1900. Under the supervision of officers of the regular army this man was tortured until he gave the information demanded. The form of torture was the "water cure." It had to be administered twice to extort the information wanted, and the agony which this torture ordinarily brings was accentuated by the liberal use of salt. On the strength of the information thus obtained the town was burned to the ground, and its 10,000 inhabitants turned adrift with nothing but clothing on their backs. A neighboring town of 12,000 inhabitants was treated in like manner. ' And this giving of the "water cure" and the burning of towns was evidently the common practise in the campaigns. There was a regular "water-cure" de-tachment as a feature of the organization of the Eighteenth United States Infan-try. Regarding this "water cure" and other forms of torture which are virtual-ly a reproduction of the hideous features of the Spanish Inquisition itself, a gen-tleman whom the Evening Post, of this city, vouches for as a person of high character and unimpeachable veracity, wrote thus from Manila under date of March 1 : Men are tied up by their thumbs; men are pulled up to limbs of trees and fires kindled underneath them, the heat and smoke com-pelling submission; men are pounded particu- 