74 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY -as the statute provides they shall be in the city of New York, without note or -comment, by a public school teacher in a public school of this State, in the pres-ence of the pupils thereof, as part of the opening exercises, I shall deem it my duty to rule that such practise is not in violation of the constitution or statutes of the State." He says that during the seventeen years that he has been con-nected with the Department of Public In-struction he has " never known of an ap-peal or protest from an inhabitant of the city of New York with reference to the reading of the Bible in the schools of that city, although it has been daily read in every one therein during all that pe-riod." The New York Sun says com-plaints against the practise, especially the reading of the New Testament, are be-ing made in the Jewish press, and that 'with the increasing Jewish population such complaints are likely to become louder and will have to be heeded. The provision of the charter of the city of New York to which Superintendent Skinner refers in justification of his pol-icy to permit Bible reading in the pub-lic schools of the State, reads as follows : But nothing herein contained shall authorize the Board of Education or the school board of any borough to exclude the Holy Scriptures, without note and comment, or any selections /therefrom, from any of the schools provided :for by this chapter; but it shall not be com-petent for the said Board of Education to de-.cide what version, if any, of the Holy Scrip-tures, without note or comment, shall be used in any of the schools; provided that nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to violate the rights of conscience, as secured by the Constitution of this State and of the J.Jnited States. 4,  It appears from the report of the late 'Superintendent of Education in the Phil-ippines, Dr. F. W. Atkinsota, that " Holy Thursday " and " Good Friday " are among the school holidays which " have )peen established by act of the Philip- pine Commission." And in addition to the holidays which have been thus es- tablished, " the schools may observe church fiestas on Epiphany, or Three Kings' day, Purification of the Blessed Virgin, Ascension day, Corpus Christi day, Assumption day, All Saints' day, Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary." It is evident that in the establishment of the new educational system in the Phil-ippines a complete break has not been made with " the Church." Ł According to a report an Episcopalian minister of Geneva, N. Y., " who a year ago was candidate for mayor on the Pro-hibition ticket, is preparing a campaign in favor of Sunday baseball, and has is-sued an exhaustive argument in favor of it." He " pleads in favor of the sport on moral grounds, saying that amuse-ments are public safeguards." The ad-vocates of Sunday enforcement are like-ly to find that some of their arguments work both ways, and that in some things they work better the other way. On January 22 it was reported from Lincoln, Neb., that the State supreme court, in an opinion by Chief Justice Sul-livan, had " declared the reading of the Bible in the public schools of Nebras-ka permissible so long as it does not take the form of sectarian instruction," and thus had " practically reversed the de-cision rendered a few months ago." Leading Jews of Mount Vernon, N. Y.. have protested to the superintendent of schools against " the practise of more or less directly teaching Christianity in the public schools " of that place. They ob-ject to songs and hymns which " teach the divinity of Christ." Ł The true foundation and safety of a government is not its laws, but the char- acter of the people who are its, citizens. 