Two Newspapers on the Question of Re- ligion and the Public Schools NDER the heading, " An Attack on the American Public School Is an Attack on the National Welfare," the New York Evening Journal of August 29 published this editorial: On Tuesday, August 25, in New York City, a distinguished clergyman, preaching to a large congregation, dealt with certain aspects of present social conditions. His emphasis of the importance of morality throughout life was admirable and truthful. His denunciation of the divorce evil was powerful and in the in-terest of the home and of the future. But his attack on the American public school, one of a regular series of such attacks daily becoming more numerous, we feel bound to resent and oppose. The public school of America does not need any defender. It underlies the country's prog-ress, it is the ONE hope of the country's fu-ture. . . . But any clergyman or any religion that attacks the public school does need a de-fender, for such a clergyman or such a religion, if it speak with authority, confesses fear of knowledge, which means fear of truth. In the attack on the public school it is stated that the public school, in which education in FACTS is separated from the inculcation of re-ligious BELIEF, accounts for the lack of morality in the people. Crimes of one kind or another are pointed out as the result of the public school, in which spelling, arithmetic, geometry and other departments of fact are kept distinct from the religious training, which includes miracles and belief. We shall show how unjust and foolish is the attempt to con-nect individual crime with the splendid, beneficent, national public school system. The newspaper which contained the attack mentioned on the public school told also of a young army officer, named Murtaugh. This young man had disgraced himself through fraud, and had been accused of conduct un-becoming an officer, and also of being a com-mon thief. It happens that this young man got his education in a religious school, a school in which religion is taught with geography, etc. Would it not be stupidly unjust to hold that RELIGIOUS school responsible for this unfor-tunate young man's predicament? That same newspaper contained an account of a young woman confined in the Tombs Prison, accused of forgery and other crimes.  That young woman's education was received in a RELIGIOUS institution. Would it not be unjust to hold the good, earnest women who taught her responsible for her moral short-comings? Czolgosz, the anarchist who murdered Presi-dent McKinley, was educated in a religious school; he never attended an American public school. Would it not be a stupid crime to hold the RELIGIOUS school responsible for the murder? The public school, in which all the children of the nation may meet on equal terms, is the nation's glory and greatest hope. There are religious schools of all kinds, Bap-tist, Methodist, Presbyterian, Roman Catholic and others, in which children are well educated and in which, in accordance with their parents' desire, religious teaching is added to the other branches of instruction. These schools are well managed, they do great good, they should be treated with respect. They should be paid for by those who want them. But the public schools also should be treated with respect, and especially by ministers of religion. The Constitution of the United States for-bids the recognition of any religion by the government, which means that all religions should be treated alike justly and impartially. Common sense and common justice demand that when all the people are taxed for the education of childhood, religion should be left out of the school course, that no faith may be offended. Wherever Protestantism, however indirectly, is made a feature of the public school, justice and right are violated. The Protestant, the Catholic, the Jew, the atheistŠall forms of religions, all forms of belief, and of unbeliefŠshould find in the pub-lic schools the most intelligent inculcation of established FACTS. Those who wish their children to receive an education in which facts and religion are mingled have the right to do as they please, but they should do it at their own expense. The man who attacks the American public school, be he clergyman or layman, attacks the welfare of this country, although he may not realize it, and he attacks also the standing Of his own religion in the estimation of the great majority of American citizens. 