SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 651 fighting the Sunday newspapers and ex-cursion, and is certainly a great im-provement on the usual method. Ł A document worded as follows was circulated in the little town of Maize, Kans., recently and was "signed by quite a number :" We, the undersigned residents of Maize, Kans., have become tired of the desecration of the Sabbath day by the merchants selling goods, cigars, candy, etc., and the pitching of horse-shoes, playing cards, etc., and we pledge our influence, time and money, if necessary, in the support of the law. We wish this to be a notice to all law-breakers to take warning, and also to the officers to see that the laws are enforced. The clerks' association of Pittston, Pa., has secured an order from the mayor of that place for the closing of all shops and stores on Sunday. "The order will affect several dozen peanut stands, con-fectionary shops, and ice-cream saloons." The opening of these places on Sunday is considered "not only detrimental to the morals of the community, but also an injustice to the shopkeepers in the same line of business who have always recog-nized the sanctity of the Lord's day and kept their places of business closed." The Saginaw (Mich.) News declares that "great reforms come from most un-expected sources," and in proof of the statement cites "the latest phase of the Sunday-closing movement." A barten-ders' union was recently organized in that city, and it is now working for Sun-day closing of saloons, not "that they care for the morale of the situation, but they are acting from purely personal con-siderations." This introduces a new order of clerks into the growing army of those who are agitating for Sunday clos-ing. The Sunday Observarce League re-cently organized in Chillicothe, Ohio, went vigorously to work at once. A dis-patch from that place under date of Au-gust 4, read : The mayor and the justices of the peace did a wholesale business here to-day in clearing up prosecutions instituted by the Sunday League under the Beal law. All the members and managers of the base ball team were arrested and fined nominal amounts, fourteen saloon-keepers pleaded guilty to Sunday opening and were fined from a dollar up to $25 and costs, and affidavits were filed against the Ashland, Ky., ball team for playikg here. Evidently not possessing that fine sense of discrimination exhibited in Sunday statutes, and in their simplicity imagin-ing that one business should have no greater privileges than another, Morris Urken and Max Simon, two friends of certain Trenton, N. J., shopkeepers who had been compelled to close up on Sun-day, recently appeared before a police magistrate of that city and requested that a number of druggists whom they named should also be arrested for Sunday sell-ing. The justice very brusquely in-formed them that the sale of drugs was a necessity, and sent them away in,a hurry, though they did not seem to be any more enlightened than when they came. Through the secretary of the Grand Army encampment committee the bar-bers' association of Washington, D. C., recently petetioned the District Commis-sioners to allow them to keep open their shops on Sunday, October 5, on the ground that it would be an accommoda-tion to the old veterans who will be in the city in large numbers on that day. In reply Commissioner MacFarland quot-ed to them the law against Sunday bar-bering, which he declared gave the com-missioners no discretion in the matter. 