316 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Druggists and other dealers in refresh-ments, of Springfield, Mass., have begun an agitation for legislative action to per-mit the sale of ice-cream, soda water, and confectionery at retail on Sundays. A bill to this effect has been introduced into the Massachusetts house of representa-tives. The sale of cigars and tobacco is now permitted, and it is thought that these other things are just as proper for Sunday traffic. Of course there are a thousand other things that are just as proper for Sunday traffic, but it seems that legal regulation of Sunday traffic is not made from that standpoint. The law seems to regard as proper for Sunday traffic that which people will not do with-out, and these are in many cases things that are not proper for traffic on any day. At the request of the master and jour-neymen barbers of the city a member of the Cleveland, Ohio, city council is mak-ing an effort to secure the passage of an ordinance "tending to secure a more strict enforcement of the Sunday barber closing law." The ordinance will re-quire "that barbers keep all curtains down from their windows on Sunday, so that the public may have a clear view of the interior." Mayor Johnson is said to be opposed to the ordinance, and ex-pressed himself in these words when it was brought to his attention by Council-man Sulzmann and a delegation of bar-bers : "Let the people do what they please on Sunday or any other day. In-dividuals have the right to do what they please when the matter of personal lib-erty is concerned." A press dispatch from Columbus, Ohio, under date of March 8, read : "The exec-utive committee of the Ohio Woman's Christian Temperance Union, which closed its midwinter session here to-day,  ordered that a crusade against Sunday baseball be immediately inaugurated by the state organization and by every affili-ated society in Ohio. The organization will give their attention to defeating a bill to legalize the playing of baseball on Sunday which is now pending in the general assembly. When this is accom-plished the local organization in the sev-eral cities in which the game is permitted to he played on that day will insist that the city officers enforce the law. There is now on the statute books a law* pro-hibiting baseball on Sunday, but it has never been enforced." Speaking of the Massachusetts Sunday law, the Brockton (Mass.) Times says: "How far it fails of general enforcement will be realized when it is understood that it is against the law to sell candy, soda, soft drinks, etc., which are com-monly sold throughout the common-wealth, to say nothing of the entertain-ments and innumerable forms of work.  which are in active operation on Sunday, especially in the summer time. Every ef-fort to enforce the law to the letter has resulted in ridicule and failure." It would be to the interest of the State and the cause of law and order in general, if this law were abolished. When only ridicule and failure attend every effort to enforce a law to the letter it is pretty good evidence that it does not properly belong on the statute books, and that its tendency while there is to cause the laws in general to be more lightly regarded. An "open Sunday bill" was introduced in the lower house of the Maryland legis-lature on March 4: "The bill recites that the present law is a relic of a station-ary past, and was enacted as a politico-ecclesiastical regulation in contravention of the common law, and that it is neither.  