EDITORIAL  705 since this late decision he has felt it pru-dent to keep his store closed on Sundays, and has done so since July 20 for the first time since he began business in College Place. The present Washington Sun-day law has been on the statute books since 1872, but until the agitation of last summer in Walla Walla had been prac-tically a dead letter. d¥ Sunday Enforcement Demonstrated to be Unnecessary One section of the New York Sunday World of, September 7 was devoted to a profusely illustrated description of the industries of the "Queen City of Michi-gan"ÑBattle CreekÑparticularly that important industry which is an out-growth of the movement for dietetic re-form begun many years ago by the founders of the famous Battle Creek Sanitarium, and of which reform the Sanitarium and its many branch institu-tions in various parts of the world are to-day monuments of progress and cen-ters of active propagation. According to the World the people of Battle Creek were the pioneers in the production of health foodsÑcereal and other food prep-arations designed to take the place of flesh foodsÑand Battle Creek is now the greatest cereal food producing city in the world. In calling attention to the "most im-portant part" which the Seventh-day Ad-ventists, who "are frugal, industrious and law-abiding," have had in building up the city and its industries, the World said : The Adventists keep Saturday, the seventh day, holy, and work to the extent permitted by law on Sunday. Thus, when the barber shop at the Post Tavern, the delightful hotel al-ready mentioned, is closed on Sunday, the pa-tron of the hotel is directed to go up to the Sanitarium, on the "West Side," where, he is told, it is already Monday. Two big printing  establishments, one carried on directly by the church and the other by a member, the food concerns owned by the church or its mem-bers, and all manner of business in which the members of the sect are engaged, are opened only five days in the week. The situation is thus explained by a citizen: "They won't work on Saturday, and we won't let them work on Sunday." The World was partially misinformed here, and the remark quoted does an in-justice to the non-seventh-day observers of Battle Creek. The people of Battle Creek are not so bigoted and intolerant toward the people to whom they attribute much of the prosperity of the city as this remark would imply. The Adventists carry on their business and manufactur-ing six days in the week, and, to the credit and honor of the people of Battle Creek, they are never interfered with in so doing. The non-seventh-day observ-ers of Battle Creek feel that seventh-day observers have rights equal to their own, and they treat them accordingly. And there is never any great difficulty about the matter. Business is not paralyzed ; the people are not demoralized. It is demonstrated in actual experience that it is not only possible for seventh-day ob-servers and first-day observers to con-stitute an orderly and peaceable com-munity while each observe their respec-tive day of rest and worship and carry on their work and business the other six days of the week, but for the community so composed to greatly thrive and pros-per industrially and commercially. The condition which obtains in Battle Creek as respects the observers of the seventh day and the first day, where things are allowed to take their natural course without the mischievous interfer-ence of legislation which would compel one to conform to the religious observ-ance and practise of the other, is the condition which accords with the funda-mental principles of the nation as re- 