SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 847 dealers in cigars and soda water were before the police court to-day, and were fined for working on Sunday. All paid up except the newspapers, which gave notice of an appeal and an intention to carry the case to the supreme court of the State if necessary. This wholesale Sunday-enforcement crusade seems to have been the outcome of a "contest between Dr. Hawthorne and the police board over the alleged failure of the police to enforce the Sunday laws." The controversy is said to have aroused considerable feeling among the people of the city and to have sharply divided them. Dr. J. B. Hawthorne is a Baptist minister, and is noted throughout the South. On the Sunday following these arrests he preached on "the duties of citizenship." Mr. Frank C. Bostock, proprietor of Bostock's Trained Animal Show, and two of his animal trainers were arrested in New York City on October 5, "for viola-tion of the Sunday law in giving and en- gaging in a performance on Sunday even-ing." After being taken to a police sta-tion they were released on bail of $5oo each. They appeared before Magistrate Cornell in the West Side police court the next day, and were held for exam-ination later, with what result we have not learned. Magistrate Cornell was doubtful as to whether or not there had been a violation of the Sunday law, as it appeared that neither the animal trainers nor the trained animals were in costume when the performance took place. One of the scenes in the performance was that of "Daniel in the Lion's Den," and the suggestion was made by Mr. Bostock's attorney that that gave to the perform-ance a "sacred" character. Such an ar-gument is no more nonsensical than is a civil statute which undertakes to make distinctions between "sacred" and "secu-lar" things, as does the statute under which these arrests were made. The New Haven (Conn.) Union of November 15, in its report of the day's proceedings at the city court, published this item : Mrs. Meyer, charged with violation of the Sunday law, was placed on trial this morning. Mrs. Meyer, who is a widow, conducts a small store on Wooster Street. Last Sunday night she sold a can of coffee to a customer and Hans Willardson, who conducts a store across the street from Mrs. Meyer, complained. On the witness stand this morning Willardson stated that Mrs Meyer was hurting his busi-ness and that he wanted the violation of the Sunday law stopped. It was clearly a case of business jealousy, but Judge Bishop recognized the violation of the Sunday law and found Mrs. Meyer guilty. The court suspended judgment "Business jealousy" is at the bottom of a great deal of the Sunday enforcement in these days, but that does not make it any better than when religious bigotry pure and simple is at the bottom of it. The fact is that religious bigotry in a sense is at the bottom of all Sunday en-forcement, for it is due to religious big-otry and narrowness that there are Sun-day laws to be enforced. Were these laws not in existence "business jealousy" would have to betake itself to some other, and it is to be hoped more honoi-able and respectable, method of procedure. The clerks and clergymen of the village of Wells, Minn., have begun a movement "to close all places of business on Sunday except those necessary to be open, such as drug stores and eating houses." In a public statement signed by four clergy-men it is declared that "the Sabbath ought to be held sacred as a day for rest and worship," and that "we believe that all good citizens are interested in guard-ing the day from the encroachments of trade, and this for economic and social reasons as well as in the interests of religion." One clergyman, "Father" J. H. Cieszynski, presented to the public an 