EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT Ł  389 this Philippine matter become concerned with the appointment of papal ecclesi-astics. But it is not true that the Govern-ment officially nominates the prelates in the Philippines, although there is reason to believe that it has been too intimately concerned with some of the appointments, which may have amounted to a practical nomination, although it can hardly be called " official." Only last week we were told in a dispatch from Washington that " the designation of Father J. J. Harty, of St. Louis, as Archbishop of Manila, is announced at the Papal lega-tion here," and that " it has been sup-posed that his appointment would be par-ticularly pleasing to President Roose-velt." Of course the Government and its officials should not be concerned with these appointments, but evidently they are, and in that Rome is not losing any-thing. Then, of course, the Government concerned itself with the friars in the Philippines, and undertook to say that a certain class of ecclesiastics should be re-moved from the islands and others more acceptable to the people substituted for them. There is reason to believe that it went too far in this matter; it certainly did in the way it tried to accomplish this result, for in doing so it was led into making a most pronounced " recognition of the Holy See " Š such a recognition as Franklin and his fellow Americans would never have allowed, for they knew the danger of such a proceeding. And the Government did not accomplish its purpose after all. But the Papacy accomplished her purposes quite well, al-though not in the way of getting the Government to consent to officially nom-inate her prelates in the Philippines. 0 The St. Paul (Minn.) Globe thinks that "the seven-day newspaper and the seven-day journalist must respond " to the recent condemnation of " seven-day journalism " by the Presbyterian General  Assembly " or else plead guilty to the pursuit of an unworthy occupation and an evil mission on earth." It responds in this telling fashion: Let us ask the devout preachers who signed that resolution the following candid questions: Why is it any worse to give one's views to the world on Sunday in writing, than from a public platform? Why is it any more evil for the editor to speak to his readers on Sunday, than for a preacher to talk to his congregation? Is written speech on Sunday any more crim-inal or vicious than oral speech? Why is the editor who writes his views on Saturday and rests on Sunday, the carrier making an early morning delivery' in time also to attend his church, a sinful and wicked Sab-bath-breaker; while the preacher, who also works hard in writing his sermon on Saturday for strenuous delivery from the Sunday plat-form, is not a Sabbath-breaker at all? What is there in the essential missions of the edtior and the preacher, what is there in written as against verbal speech, what is there in the necessities of the public, that should. make the Sunday editorial an evil, and the Sunday sermon a godsend to. the race? Not all the public wants a Sunday sermon; while both those who do and those who do not want the sermon, want the newspaper. The only ground for the Sunday pulpit oration is the enlightenment, the inspiration, the enter-tainment which it furnishes; and why has not the Sunday newspaper the same ground for existence? It would seem as though there were enough institutions on earth for the pulpit to attack, without an assault upon its greatest friend and co-laborer, the press. The Sunday newspaper has come to stay as much as the Sunday ser-mon. It is a fixture that is growing in demand and influence every year and month and week. There is no Sunday institution more strongly entrenched in, public demand and usefulness. Our minister brethren themselves cannot get along without it, and they should co-operate with their ally rather than fight it with useless epithets. Of course it must be conceded that as a general thing the Sunday sermon is superior mentally and morally to the Sunday paper. The remark of The In-terior (Presbyterian) that " the comicali-ties " that are made the leading feature 