274 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the temporal, rest upon Christ as upon a cornerstone; both serve the same Crea-tor, and rule the same men.' (Philipps' Kirchenrecht, vol. ii.) From this identity of purpose follows the necessity of unity between these two Powers. For, says the eminent German writer on canon law whom I have al-ready quoted, they have a common end: the glorification of God and the well-being of the human race. Or, as an an-cient writer expresses it, never so great as may be the difference between the spiritual and the temporal Powers, for the one may be likened to the soul, the other to the body, yet they nevertheless tend to one and the same endŠthe salva- tion of those subject to them. (Isid. Pelus. lib. iii. Epist. 247.) The two Powers are united by Christ, says Peter Damian, in a mysterious manner, and as it were sacramentally, for they both find in Him, the Priest and King, their unity.2  They are taught to be of one heart and of one mind in the Lord. (Petr. Dami-ani Epist. lib. vii. Ep. 3.) He who bears the sword of civil power is bound as the servant of God to unite it with the sword of the Church. In such a sense our own king Edgar expressed himself to the bishops Dunstan, Oswald, and Ethel- 1  The Christian church was not appointed to rule the world. This is the assumption of those who would make the church a carnal power. The state was not instituted immediately by God. That is the assumption of those who would make the state divine. This theory of the unity of church and state is not Christian in any sense. The church was instituted by God; the state was instituted by men. The church is composed of those whose natures are being transformed into the likeness of Christ's by the power of the Holy Spirit; the state is made up of those who desire to protect themselves from injustice and vio-lence, and has nothing to do with the spiritual regen-eration of men. Christ is the cornerstone of His church, of those who are regenerated, but kle is not the cornerstone, nor any other stone, of the state. Never did he give the slightest intimation that he was the ruler of the state; on the contrary he positively declared that He had nothing to do with the state. 2  Yes, this union must have been brought about in a mysterious manner, indeed, if it subsists in spite of the plain distinction made by Christ between the things of Csar and the things of God (Matt. 22:21), and his plain declaration to Pilate: "My kingdom is not of this world; if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight." John 18:36. wald. "Rival, 0 priests," he said, "rival the ways of the Lord and the just doings of our God. It is time to rise up against them who break the law. I hold in my hand the sword of Constantine, you that of Peter; let us join our right hands and unite sword to sword and cast the evil-doers out of our homes so that the sanc-tuary of the Lord may be purged and the sons of Levi minister in the temple."3  Again, these two Powers are connected by the link of mutual support, kings stand in need of the Church for things divine, and the Church is protected by the laws of the State. If the warning voice of the Church fail to deter evil-doers from violence, the sword of the civil Power is drawn on their behalf. Where the power of the one fails it is supplied by the other.4  (Gelas. Tomus de Anathematis vinculo apud harduin.) For though indeed they are two Powers they form one Christian Kingdom.5  (Richard archiep. Cantuar. epist. ad  omn. episc. Anglix, inter Petr. Blis. Epist. 73.) "0 ye servants of the Church, and ye servants of kings," ex-claims Bossuet, "why are you divided? Is the ordinance of God opposed to the ordinance of God? 0 why do you not remember that yours is a united activity ; that to serve God is to serve the State, This is in essence the very thing that is being de-clared to-day by those religious forces which are at-tempting through "civic clubs," politics and the civil law to "reform" society. 4  The power of the true church and the power of the state are totally unlike. One is the power of per-suasion, of entreaty, of love, of moral conviction; the other is the power of force, of the sword. It is utterly impossible then that one can supply power for the other. The church which bears such a relation to the state is not the church of Christ: The church of Christ receives its power from on high; not from the powers of earth. ,6  "The kingdom of God is . . . righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost" (Rom. 14:17), and "except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." John 3:3. But any man can see this "Christian Kigdom," for all are in it regardless of whether they are born again or not. This is the sort of a "Christian Kingdom" that the religious ele-ments in this country now have in mind, and which they propose to usher in "through the gateway of politics." If such a kingdom is Christian, there is nothing that is not Christian. 