SUNDAY-LAW OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA AGAIN II healthy indignation against the pueril-ity, the folly, against what it probably regards as the insincerity of the move-ment, against the waste of energy that might be so much better expended, does not hesitate to speak because it might seem to belittle the law, whereas it ex-ists to enforce the law; it calls the prosecutions persecutions : it expresses its sympathy with the candy and cigar dealers who have been victims of the curious zeal which hunts down offend-ers against minor and antiquated stat-utes and has no anxiety to punish big, real criminals. The contention of the Public Ledger has always been that it is beginning at the wrong end to worry the keepers of Sunday confectioneries and fruit stalls in a fine frenzy of righteousness, while every species of crime stalks un-assailed in a city where political cor-ruption is the grossest known on the hemisphere ; where streets are filled with the shame of paraded vice ; where womanhood is sold and held in slavery ; where no offense and no accumulation of offenses against law, morality or de-cency, against the property, the rights or the lives of citizens, can be too fla-grant to hope for exemption from pun-ishment. That is what this paper has been urging, perhaps to the disconcert-ing of some good people whose sense of proportion is not so well developed as their piety, but certainly in agree-ment with the common sense of a ma-jority of our' citizens. A grand jury is a body supposed to be peculiarly well instructed as to the morality of a com-munity ; it knows better than private persons do how far the laws are ob-served and what measures are neces-sary to vindicate them. It is not sur-prising to find such a body in coinci-dence with us in a conviction that graver things than the sins of sellers of Sunday cigars and fruit first demand attention. The Self-Appointed Champion of "Law and Its Enforcement" Denounces the Lawful Instruments of the Law and Its Enforcement Of course the action of the grand jury did not thus appeal to the insti-gators of the persecution and oppres-sion which called it forth. They were  astonished, but had enough breath left to express their horror that such a body as a grand jury should "sympa- thize with law-breakers" and rebuke such " law-abiding" persons as them- selves. We quote now from an article that appeared in the Public Ledger  of December 6: The presentation made by the grand jury last Friday, declaring the prosecu-tion of small storekeepers for selling cigars and candy on Sundays to be per-secution, brought about a conflict of views yesterday between the members of the grand jury and Rev. Dr. T. T. Mutchler, secretary of the Sabbath As-sociation. The latter was moved to make an open denunciation of the grand jury, as follows : " I don't believe that any man who voted for this presentment is a Chris-, tian. I cannot conceive of any Chris-tian allowing himself to favor a disre-gard for the Sabbath day, much less joining in an action such as the grand jury took in this matter. The action of the grand jury seems very strange in the light of intelligent civilization. As I see it, the plea is that because certain violations of the law are allowed in the Commonwealth that the Sabbath Association should be condemned for trying to have the Sunday laws en-forced ; that those who want a rest day, barbers, candy and cigar dealers, and the Christian people who believe in the observance of the Sabbath should be criticised. As to the methods em-ployed, I want to say just this : These people first appealed to the authorities for protection, and when this plan failed, they enforced the law themselves, as good citizens have the right to do. And if the exercise of this prerogative meets, with the disapproval of the grand jury, or anybody else, it seems to me the fault is with those who sympathize with the law-breakers." " Does it not strike you," Dr. Mutch-ler was asked, " that the opinions of the grand jurors, diametrically oppo-site to yours, may represent the general opinion of the public in this matter ?" " No, I suppose that some one mem-ber of the grand jury has proposed tak- 