Judge Cordon's Argument Against the Pennsylvania Sunday Law I THE argument of Ex-Judge James G. Gordon in the Sunday-law cases at Philadelphia on March 23 is an impor-tant contribution to the subject of Sunday legislation. In order that the readers of THE SENTINEL may peruse it, we will present it almost entire, and in conse-quence will have to give it in two parts. Three weeks hence will be printed that portion of Magistrate Gorman's decision in which he considered the contention that the Sunday law was unconstitutional be-cause of its religious character. After reading the Sunday law and stat-ing that it was the act upon which the pro-ceedings were ,founded, Judge Gordon said : This act was passed in 1794, and since then there have been numerous convictions under it. Notwitstanding this fact, it seems to me that a careful consideration of the act itself, in the light of subsequent judicial decisions, will demonstrate that as a criminal statute it fails to possess those requirements necessary to give it validity or make it susceptible of en-forcement. It must be remembered that the statute is a purely criminal one, and therefore is to be strictly construed. Nothing is to be taken by implication. The law knows no such thing as an implied crime. The spirit of our institutions especially is hostile to all legislation punishing men for crime that does not explicitly and accurately define the nature of the offense as well as the punishment. The necessary requirements for a criminal statute are that it shall clearly and definitely describe the act made criminal, and the persons to whom it shall apply, as well as the punishment to be inflicted for its violation. The act of 1794, if it ever had the charac-teristic of definiteness and distinctness in describing the acts ptinishable thereunder, no longer possesses this necessary qualification. An examination of its phraseology will show that even at the time of its passage the acts intended to be affected by it were not defined  or enumerated in it, but were left to the vary-ing judgments of different magistrates as to. the meaning and application of certain adjec-tives constituting the vital part of the statute. The first interdict of the act is against the doing or performing of " any worldly employ-ment  or business whatsoever on Sunday. This is the foundation of and the only de-scriptive portion of the enacting clause of the statute. Obviously, therefore, this act, which gives justices of the peace and similar magis-trates summary jurisdiction and takes away-trial by jury, must depend so far as the guilt or innocence of the citizen charged with its violation is concerned, upon the magistrate's conception of what employments or businesses. are " worldly." If this word " worldly " has any definite meaning, so far as this statute is concerned, it must be as it is opposed to spiritual, religious or other-worldly. And this no doubt is the meaning of the word when the scope and pur-pose as well as the historicity of the act is concerned. The common meaning of this word is that of temporal occupation or em-ployment as opposed to those energies or oc-cupations of men which. relate to eternity_ Even in this view of it, it is a clumsy and im-possible word to use in a criminal statute. As a matter of fact, all the occupations of men in this world are "worldly "Šunless religious meditation or service be regarded as not " worldly." And such occupations or services are not in a proper sense work or employment at all. Religious worship is scarcely to be con-ceived of as " work " of any kind. The statute itself does not describe or desig-nate " worldly " employments, and any crim-inal enactment which leaves the description of the crime to the private judgment of the mag-istrate is wanting in validity, because there is no definite standard for the guidance of the citizen. The opinions of men as to' what con-stitutes " worldly " employment will be as varying as their religious or non-religious or irreligious views. What would seem " world-ly " to one, to another might seem devout, and indeed it is not stretching the imagination too far to say that the general opinion of the community which called this. act into being-would have stamped not only as " 