798 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY took the papal name of Gregory XI. (Dec. 30, 1371, to March 27, 1378). THE EXTERMINATION OF THE TURLUPINS Since the desolation poured upon the country of the Albigenses by Innocent III., Christianity had permeated France, and was specially prevalent in the prov-ince of Dauphine. The local officials would not execute the decrees of the Church against these Christians. There-fore Gregory addressed to King Charles V., of France, the following letter : Prince, we have been informed that there is in Dauphiny, and the neighboring provinces, a multitude of heretics, called Vaudois, Turlu-pins, or Bulgarians, who are possessed of great riches. Our holy solicitude is turned toward that poor kingdom, which God has confided to you, to extirpate the schism. But your offi-cers, corrupted by the gold of the reprobates, instead of assisting our dear sons, the inquisi-tors, in their holy ministry, have themselves fallen into the snare, or rather have found death. And all this is done before the eyes of the most powerful lords of Dauphiny. We order you, then, by virtue of the oath you have taken to the Holy See, to exterminate these heretics; and we enjoin you to march, if necessary, at the head of your armies, to ex-cite the zeal of your soldiers, and reanimate the courage of the inquisitors. "Charles the Fifth, called the Wise, seconded well the pope in his sanguinary plans. Soon a general massacre of the unfortunate Turlupins took place throughout all France. The dungeons of the Inquisition were encumbered with victims, and they had even to build new prisons at Embrun, Vienne, Avignon, and a great number of other cities, to hold the accused. . . . At Toulouse and Avid-non the flames devoured several thou-sands of these unfortunates, who were gangrened and poisoned by heresy, as the holy father expressed it. These terrible executions brought in magnificient rec-ompenses to the persecutors, as a letter of Charles the Fifth, addressed 'to Pierre  Jacques de More, grand inquisitor of the Bulgarians, in the province of France,' attests. The sect of the Turlupins was finally entirely annihilated, and the cof-fers of the apostolic chancellery were gorged with riches."ŠDe Cormenin. ROME DEMANDS A ROMAN POPE There were urgent calls for the papal court to come again to Rome. One day, . in Avignon, Gregory had demanded of an ecclesiastic : "Why do you not betake yourself to your diocese ?" He received the pointed reply : "Why do you not be-take yourself to yours ?" In response to these calls Gregory set out with his court Ł (with the exception of six cardinals who remained at Avignon), in the month of October, 1376, and arrived at St. Peter's in Rome, April 17, 1377. But, early in the year 1378, he had resolved to go again to Avignon, but was prevented by his death, March 27. As soon as it was known in Rome that Gregory XI. was dead, the whole city rose in a riotous tumult, demanding that a Ro-man pope should be elected. Sixteen members of the college of cardinals were in Rome. In regular course they assem-bled in conclave. The populace sur-rounded the place, demanding "a Roman pope ! We will have a Roman pope !" They demanded to be allowed to speak to the cardinals. The cardinals con-sented, not daring to refuse. The spokes-man of the people related how that, for seventy years, the people of Holy Rome had had no pastor : said that there were many wise and noble ecclesiastics in Rome who were able to govern the Church : and if not in Rome such could be found in Italy. They told the cardinals that the people were so determined in that matter that, if the conclave did not comply with their demand, there was danger of a gen-eral massacre, in which the cardinals would certainly perish. 