An Indictment of New York's Sunday Law' II I F we retrospect and consider man in that state of society wherein he was not amenable to civil authority, in vain shall we seek the right of one person co-ercively to dictate his religious tenets to another, or to do any act which it was not the equal right of the other to retort in kind. This position is so evidently cor-rect and so universally admitted that it would be a waste of time, if not an im-plied impeachment of the understanding Seventy-seven years ago there was pub-lished in New York a pamphlet, a transcript of the title page of which is as follows: " The People's Rights Reclaimed; being An Expo-sition of the Unconstitutionality of the Law of the State of New York Compelling the Observance of a Religious Sabbath Day, and Erroneously Entitled ' An Act for Suppressing Immorality,' Passed March 13th, 1813. Ad-dressed to the People of the State of New York. New York, 1826. A. Spooner, Printer, Brooklyn." Its publication was called forth by the revision of the State laws then taking place and certain attempts that had been made " to affect an extension of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws." Although the excuse for New York's Sunday legislation has been somewhat changed since then, it being now professedly for the preven-tion of " crimes against religious liberty and conscience" (although still coming under the general heading of " crimes against public. decency and good morals"), whereas then it was " for suppressing immorality," it remains the same in principle, object, and effect, and the masterly and unanswerable indictment of the law as it then was made by the unknown author of the above pamphlet is still a masterly and unanswerable indictment of the law as it novi is, and incidentally of all other Sunday legislation. The widespread disposition now manifested to uphold and " to affect an exten-sion of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sun lay laws " makes the matter in this pamphlet very pertinent to-day, and hence we shall publish it in full in THE SENTINEL. The somewhat peculiar style of the author in itali-cizing words will be followed, so unless other-wise indicated words in italics are as they ap-pear in the pamphlet ŠEDITOR. of the reader, to attempt here to prove it. If then no one has the right to dictate his religious tenets to another, each and every one is without that right, and all collectively are destitute of it. Two or more persons therefore whose religious opinions might happen to concur could have no right to dictate theirs to any one; for if each and every individual in the community is without the right in ques-tion, all associated are as destitute of it as any one. One arithmetical figure naught amounts to nothing, and the com-bination of any number of noughts or nothings amounts to nothing at last. Hence a majority could have no right to dictate their religious tenets to a minority; nor could a majority any more than a single individual authorize or empower another or others to do that which they possessed no right to do themselves. A plurality of numbers therefore could not of right constitute a political government and delegate to it powers and rights its constituents never had and never could possess. Civil government can never ac-quire any more right or power than those who constitute it have a right to give, and do actually delegate; and as no one or any number of its constituents have a right to dictate their religious sectarian opinions to any one person, or tcP any other portion of the community, govern-ment could never acquire a right to cause any individual or any number of its con-stituents to violate their own religious opinions, or to conform to the religious tenets of others, which they neither pro-fess or believe ; nor could the power ever be delegated to our legislature by which it could righteously enact a law " dis-criminating" between the various and dis-cordant religious systems of its constitu-ents, giving legal " preference" to the sectarian opinions of one class to the dis-paragement of another. Such a law 