EDITORIAL  513 palace at Havana on May 20, was "the archbishop of Cuba and his escort." The representatives of "the Church" never fail to be prominent on such occasions, even if it means something which at heart they cannot relish. The policy of "the Church" in all countries is to secure all the favor she can from the civil au-thorities, and when in spite of all her prayers and desires a revolution which promises to be permanent is accomplished in the government of a country, she loses no time in the attempt to ingratiate her-self with the new authorities. She never fails to link up with "the powers that be" if it means any advantage to herself. It is to be hoped, in spite of the strength of the Catholic Church on the island and centuries of precedent, that the Cuban people will not soon suffer their govern-ment to become entangled in the meshes of church-and-stateism that will no doubt be prepared for it with great skill. Pp At West Point, on June 1 r, Secretary of War Root declared that "to-day peace reigns from the northernmost point of Luzon to the southernmost island of the Sulu archipelago." Something like this has been declared many times before; it is to be hoped that it is true at last. At the same time Mr. Root made another statement which, to say the least, sounds rather strange in view of the representa-tions that have constantly been made from the beginning by the advocates of the forcible establishment of American rule in the Philippines. In eulogizing the army, he declared that "in the Philip-pines . . . it has put down an insur-rection of 7,000,000 of people." It has been difficult all along for those who have tried to look at this matter impar-tially to believe the constant declarations from high sources that this so-called in-surrection was in no sense a resistance on the part of the people of the islands,  but merely the work of a few political chieftains and bands of bandits and des-peradoes. Since the word of so high an authority as the Secretary of War now establishes the untruth of such declara-tions there is no need any longer for any one to try to believe them. The man who in 1898 improved ( ?) upon the Declaration of Independence by laying down the proposition that "governments derive their just powers from the consent of some of the gov-erned," and who was one of the most active persons in securing the passage through Congress of the act which fixed the status of Cuba as a dependency of the United States, notwithstanding the previous unqualified pledge of Congress not to exercise sovereignty, jurisdiction or control over the island after its pacifi-cation, now sees in that direction great danger of this country taking "the first step toward demoralization, if not the disintegration, of 'our republican institu-tions," and says : "I think we have come to a great crisis in our affairs." It is very likely that sooner or later all those who have been so sure all the time that nothing could work harm to "our repub-lican institutions" will discover, and be obliged to confess, that "we have come to a great crisis in our affairs," although they may ignore the true beginning of the work of demoralization and disintegra-tion. This work began when it was dis-covered in the United States, and began to be followed as a rule of action by pub-lic  men, that "governments derive their just powers from the consent of some of the governed." ! It is thought that the case in behalf of the "water-cure" torture is now complete, since at the recent trial of an American officer in the Philippines for employing it in obtaining information from natives, 