56 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Mr. Vail produced a new informer in the person of William J. Clancy, who is even younger in appearance than any previously employed. Wolf Schaffer, of 1348 Ridge Ave., said that he had forbidden those who sometimes attend his shop in his absence to sell tobacco on Sunday, and he had not sold any himself since he was fined for so doing in November. " I had to pawn my watch to pay the fine then," he added. "It is all I can do to keep my family ; but I will not swear falsely about this charge." "We will let you off with the costs," said Magistrate South. "If you had told me the other time that you had to borrow money to pay your fine, I would have remitted it." During the trial of the charge against M. I. Lifschetz, of 1001 Arch St., of selling a cigar on Sunday, his indignation was aroused by Mr. Vail prompting Clancy, the informer, in a whisper while he was testifying. The magistrate failed to rebuke the prose-cutor. The fine and costs were im-posed. Ernest Wagner, of 846 Lombard St., said that he was holding his baby on his knees in his back room, during a visit of his doctor on Sunday evening last, while his little daughter was for the moment in charge of the shop. "I sell nothing on Sunday that I have not a right to sell," he said. "My little girl sold a cigar; but it was a mistake, your honor. I can't afford to keep the place closed altogether on Sunday. I have ten children to support." Mr. Wagner was required to pay costs only. P. Tunis, of 701 South Eighth St., against whom Agent Biddle has a suit for $5000 damages because the former caused his arrest for alleged perjury some time ago, was again charged with Sunday selling. The testimony of Roberts, the informer, was rather clouded. Biddle was called to help matters out. He aroused the magis-trate's anger by trying to evade a di-rect question as to whether Tunis was the man whom he said he had seen in the act of selling a cigar. The magis-trate finally forced him to tell the whole truth, which was an admission that Tunis was not the man. The ac-cused was discharged. About twenty-five other defendants were mulcted. More Extracts from Correspondence on the Subject Although our report of this Philadel-phia Sunday-enforcement agitation has already been very extended, we think it well before concluding it to include more extracts from the Public Ledger's correspondence on the subject. Fol-lowing its vigorous arraignment of the crusade early in November, the Public Ledger was promptly called to task by the Sunday-enforcement leaders and sympathizers with their work, who sent to it communications protesting "against its attitude toward the Sab-bath observance question," and against its "injustice" to the gentlemen who were pushing the crusade. On Novem-ber 11, and again on the 14th, the Public Ledger gave . up considerable space on its editorial page to these com-munications, together with a few on the other side of the question, pub-lishing them under the double-column heading, "The Blue Law Crusade." We have already, in The Sentinel of December 17, presented and commented upon extracts from the communica-tions published on November 11. We will now present such extracts from those published on November 14 as seem worth including in this report. The first communication was from the leading spirit of the crusade, "T. T. Mutchler, Cor. Sec. Phila. Sabbath As-sociation." We quote from it: As much has been said editorally in your paper concerning the action of the Committee of Fifty, who visited the mayor on November 9, asking for a better enforcement of our Sunday law, we ask the privilege of saying a few things in answer. The committee was appointed on October 27, at a meeting of officers and members of the divisions organized for Sabbath observance. Their specific work was to aid in car-rying out the work for which the di- 