The January Sentinel WHILE it is rather early to make a forecast of the next number of The Sentinel, we can confidently promise that it will be even better than this number. A Suggestive Engraving. First will appear a very suggestive full-page engraving presenting side by side a scene of religious persecution of three centuries ago and one of the pres-ent year, The question beneath it, "Where Is the Difference?" needs no answer, for the engraving with its ac-companying notes convinces the mind at once that in the opening days of the twentieth century some things are possi-ble that differ not a particle in principle from the action of the Massachusetts authorities who, in 1665, fined and im-prisoned Thomas Gould, a Baptist, be-cause he would not have his baby sprinkled and christened. An Important Series of Articles. Another important feature will be an article by A. T. Jones continuing and enlarging upon the thoughts suggested in his article in this number. These ar-ticles are to run through several num-bers, and will set forth the true princi-ple and power of self-control and self-governmentŠtruths which the world and the nation needs now, and not only the world and the nation, but yourself and your neighbor. Do not miss these articles. The writer was for many years editor of The Sentinel, and has been a contributor to its columns from its first number. No one understands better the work which The Sentinel was set to do,  and in these articles will be made clear the new phase of The Sentinel's mission. "Why Sunday Laws Are Wrong." The writer of the excellent article in this number on "The Church and the - State," A. G. Daniells, will have another equally as good in the January Sentinel, entitled "Why Sunday Laws Are Wrong." On five separate counts, any one of which is sufficient for the pur-pose, Sunday legiAttiovis shown to be incompatible with justice ancrtight. The article is temperate, but logical and con-vincing. Just the article to place before your neighbor who is not sure but what Sunday legislation is all right. The Christian Ideal with Regard to Government. There will be an article entitled "The Christian Ideal of a Civil Government," by M. C. Wilcox, editor of the Signs of the Times, Oakland, Cal. A "Na-tional Conference on the Christian Principles of Civil Government" has just been held at Pittsburg, Pa. This con-ference was attended and addressed by such men as Rev. Henry Collin Minton, D. D., of the San Francisco Theological Seminary, and Moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church ; Dr. Chas. W. Dabney, president of the State University of Tennessee ; Dr. Chas. A. Blanchard, president of Wheaton Col-lege ; Rev. Sylvester F. Scovel, of Woos-ter University, Wooster, Ohio ; Rev. Herrick Johnson, D. D., of McCormick Theological Seminary, Chicago; and many other prominent men. All these men are determined "that this nation 