456 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY out the consent of Congress, accept of any, present, emolument, office, or title of any kind whatever, from any king, prince, or foreign state," and says this prohibition " is positive, comprehensive, conclusive," and " applies to saddles as well as decora-tions." According to the Sun the Presi-dent can constitutionally act only as " trustee or guardian " of this " article of personal equipment intended by the donor for his personal use and enjoyment." We wonder if it is in such a capacity that the President is holding the mosaic picture that was sent him last summer by the Pope. The Sun did not, in connection with that matter, call attention to the positive, comprehensive and conclusive prohibition of the Constitution against the acceptance by any official of the United States of any present from any king or prince, which terms certainly comprehend such a personage as the Pope. Yet why should this point be raised with regard to the gift of a saddle " of the best Berber style " from the Sultan of Morocco and not with regard to the gift of a mosaic " of the finest Vatican workmanship " from the Pope of Rome? We are in-clined to believe that there is far more danger and mischief in the disregard of the constitutional prohibition cited in the case of a present from the Pope of Rome than in the case of a present from the Sultan of Morocco. Ł Among the telegrams of inquiry and sympathy " from foreign heads of states " received at the Vatican on July 6 was one from President Roosevelt and another from King Edward VII. The day before " the Prussian minister in Rome showed to Cardinal Rampolla a telegram from the German Emperor ex-pressing His Majesty's deepest regret on learning of the Pontiff's illness and the hope of a speedy recovery, and asking to be kept continually informed by telegraph about the condition of His Holiness." On  the same day at the conclusion of the religious services on his yacht Hohenzol-lern Emperor William " offered up a prayer for the Pope's life, and concluded his supplication with the words, ' The world needs great and good men, and may God Almighty spare him for many years.' " Later the Emperor " sent a telegram to the Pope personally," and " having asked that daily information be sent him about the Pope's condition, Car-dinal Rampolla telegraphed to him twice a day." Notwithstanding his extreme ill-ness and nearness to death the Pope on July 6 " insisted on seeing the Papal Sec-retary of State," and " asked how the news of his illness had ,been received in countries outside of Italy. When Car-dinal Rampolla told him of the many telegrams that had been received, the Pope did not conceal his satisfaction over the general sympathy with him that had been manifested." Ł Rev. Dr. Israel Wistar Hathaway, Sec-retary of the American Sabbath (Sun-day) Union and for many years one of the most active leaders of the Sunday-enforcement cause in this country, died suddenly at Pasadena, Cal., on June i6. " He left New York in March to go across the continent on business for the Union." While some of its leaders may pass away, the Sunday-enforcement movement will continue. Ł Some of the matter in this issue was in-tended for our " Christian Citizenship and Endeavor " number, but was crowded out. Such are the articles, " The Kingdom of God " and ." Salvation Is Personal." Read them, and place copies of this num-ber in the hands of as many as possible of those to whom you gave copies of the last number. Ł " The best community life permits the greatest individual freedom consistent with the rights of others." 