158 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ative answer, saying that to give away to one [denomination or church] would mean recognition for all denominational schools and the break-up of the present system." Of course theireligious people who advance such propositions as this are always innocent of any intention of having all denominations and churches favored in like manner, unless, indeed, they see that it must be that way in order for them to get what they want. What they want is simply " recognition " for themselves and nobody else. This is il-lustrated in the matter of legislation for the " protection " and enforcement of a weekly " rest day." The religious people who demand this think only of their rest dayŠthe day on which they believe people should rest. They utterly ignore the fact that there are people who differ with them on this point, and that if the state lets down the bars by undertaking to " protect " the rest day believed in by one portion of the people, never mind how large a portion it may be, it cannot consistently do otherwise than to under-take also to " protect " in like manner any other rest day or rest days that may be believed in by any other portion or portions of the people. But not even the most enthusiastic and pronounced advocate of legislative " protection " for a weekly " rest and worship day " will admit for a moment that the state has any duty whatever to " protect " any rest day other than that believed in by him-self. But if the state has a duty to " pro-tect " the rest day believed in by one portion of the people, it has the same duty to " protect " the rest day or rest days believed in by any other portion or portions of the people; and if it has no duty to " protect " all, it has no duty to " protect " any. The principle of equal-ity before the law applies here as well as elsewhere, and the same rule which forbids the state to give financial aid to one body of religious people that it does not give to all bodies, should also forbid' and prevent it from giving " protection " to the rest day believed in by one portion of the people that it does not also give-to the rest day or rest days believed in by any other portion or' portions of the people. The Sunday law compels, or at least commands, idleness ; and idleness is the next thing to vice. In the 1903 annual " Journal of the-United Grocery and Tea Clerks of New York " the special attention of " grocery-men and grocery clerks who want to ad-vance their trade and existing condi-tions " is called to " the Sunday-closing (all day) bill, which, at the time this goes to press, was introduced in the legislature of this [New York] State." This annual was issued some time in January, but this is the first information we have had of such a measure. It seems that the " Mer-chants' Legislate League at Utica " is " handling the Sunday-closing bill," and that it has been introduced in the legisla-ture by Representative Finch of that city. Here is one paragraph from the an-nouncement: The Sunday-closing bill when passed will' be the greatest boon to the grocer and his clerks that they ever received, and it naturally follows that each and every one of them should put his shoulder to the great wheel (which is now going around) and push the bill to suc-cess. That wheel is the aforesaid " Grocers' and Clerks' Protective League." It seems that the grocers and clerks or-ganizations are united in this effort for another Sunday law. When any further news regarding it develops it will be noted in these columns. Ł The Sunday law is not a moral law ; both its principle and its effects stamp it as an immoral measure. Ł The American Secular Union and Freethought Federatibn,. which has its. 