EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 77T interested personally, have begun to as-sert authority over the minds of others and to persecute those whom they have assumed to pronounce heretics as soon as the means to do so was in their handsŠOh! what a melancholy and disheartening fact for one who knows that Christianity is the hope of man-kind ! So it is hardly to be expected Ł that the very true and proper declara-tion made by the Christian when con-fronted with these things, that Chris-tianity is a religion of peace and good= will to men, and has never persecuted and never can persecute, shall carry conviction to the minds of non-Chris-tians and be to them a sufficient and satisfactory exoneration of it from the guilt that seems to attach to it. From their standpoint it is very difficult to see that Christianity has not been re-sponsible ; and no.  wonder, for the fact is that what was proclaimed and taught as Christianity was very much to blame for what took place. In view of this Ł the scholarly response below which the words of The Sun called forth from Professor Goldwin Smith, the emi-nent publicist and historian, is es-pecially gratifying and important, for Mr. Smith is an agnostic. In the fol-lowing, which was printed in The Sun of October 11 and was written with reference to the statement which we have quoted, he exonerates Christian-ity from the guilt which some would indiscriminately impute to it, and points out the real sources of the crimes Which mark "the history of [so-called] Christianity in Europe from the time it first gathered strength to assert it-self with physical force :" Of the crimes committed in the name of Christianity it is impossible to speak with too much sorrow and abhorrence. But the guilt, I submit, attaches not to Christianity itself, but to malignant influences under which it has fallen.  The vital doctrines of Christianity as preached by its Founder are the father-hood of God and the brotherhood of man. Our faith in these doctrines may be failing; our faith in the brotherhood of man would certainly appear to be undergoing eclipse. But there is noth-ing in them which could possibly lend itself to atrocity or persecution. When-the inquisitor sought a warrant in theŁ gospel for his religious murders, he-could find nothing more to his purpose than the words in the parable of the Great Feast,` `Compel them [the guests] to come in," or St. Paul's saying, "I would that they were cut off which trouble you," which only the blindest bigotry could construe as a longing for an auto-da-fe. Islem propagated itself by the sword. Christianity in its native character propagated itself by the word preached by peaceful missionaries, who, taking their lives in their hands, con-verted the barbarians and founded the Christian nations. The Founder of Christianity said that His kingdom was not of this world. Had that saying been kept there could have been no persecutions. By keep-ing it in after days the Baptist Church has won a distinction unhappily almost unique. When the Empire, after strug-gling long to extinguish Christianity, bowed to it and made it the imperial religion, it extended its political des-potism over the church. Orthodoxy, i. e., the doctrim patrpnized by the court, became law, heresy became trea-son ; and the ill-starred, though per-haps almost inevitable, union produced the inevitable results. Ecclesiastics denied their Lord by appealing to the secular arm. Christianity, however, humanized the Roman law, notably with regard to slavery. Special influence and authority could not fail to attach to the bishops of the two imperial cities, Rome and Con-stantinople ; especially to the bishop of Rome, who was not overshadowed by the presence of the emperor. In the dissolution of the Empire, the Roman See became a rallying point for the Western church. But there was really no pope in the present sense of the term, no spiritual dictator claim- 