730 THE SENTINEL OF union, I doubt if ten of them could describe what the union means and upon what their fears are based. Of the Americans who know what it means, none would want it ; least of all they who have suffered most from its modern forms, the Catholics, to whom this union, as illustrated by the govern-ments of Italy, Austria, France, Spain, Portugal, Brazil and some South Amer-ican republics, stands for the basest tyranny or the most insidious form of persecution. It is an absolute certainty that no established church can be foisted on Americans; it is equally cer-tain that Americans could not be driven into accepting the European union of church and state. Where, then, is the force of the objection? But while no one wants union of church and state, every Christian citizen wants harmony of church and state ; or, to put it in a fashion comprehensible by men of all beliefs, we all want harmony of state and conscience. If the state physician and the church priest can exercise their offices on the patient in the city hospi-tal ; if the general or admiral and the priest can both rule in particular do-mains the soldier and the sailor, why cannot the same thing be done in the public school for the state pupil? If one says that not even accidentally can the state pay for teaching religion, then I reply that not even accidentally can the state pay for the turning out of agnostics. There must be harmony be-tween the state and the individual con-science. If that cannot be, then you have produced exactly the same con-dition peculiar to European countries Šhostility begotten of injustice and persecution. More plainly, French rulers, under the guise of church-and-state union, have driven out Catholic teachers, suppressed Catholic schools and forced citizens to pay for two sys-tems of education; in the United States, on the plea of keeping church and state apart, Catholics and other Christians are forced out of the public schools and must pay a double educational tax. Where is the harmony between state and conscience ? However, this reply to objections, or this solution of diffi-culties, is only a minor affair. The vital point for all parties, for the supporters  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of Mr. Geer, for his opponents, for educators and for statesmen, is the number of those who desire religious training in the public schools, no matter what form the scheme might takeŠthe separate school of Canada, payment by results, as in England, the adopting of church schools by the state. If one-third of our population demand such a reform, and organize effectively to for-mulate their demand, nothing more need be said ; the agnostic and the in-different, the chronic objector and the would-be patriot, must take a back seat and be quiet while the practical states-man and the competent educator to-gether arrange the details of the scheme. The vital question which Mr. Geer offers must be considered next : Christians, what are you going to do about it ? This is indeed "a striking argu-ment," as described by The Sun. It is also a very bold "argument." In a sense it is far more significant than either of the expressions to which we referred at the beginning. With bold , frankness it exhibits the Roman Catho-lic position and program with regard to the present public educational sys-tem which is not permitted "either to oppose religious error or to favor it," and invites all "other Christians" to unite with Catholics in rescuing it from this terrible plight by main force of numbers, regardless of constitution, principles, or anything else. "There are really no difficulties in the way of teaching religion in the schools," ex-cept "that the proper numbers have not asked for it." All other difficul-ties are "purely artificial." The con-stitution, the "dreaded union of church and state," the "different beliefs"Šnone of these things stand in the way of "religious training in the schools" if a sufficient number will "demand such a reform and organize effectively to formulate their demand." This is the only "vital point." "The thing can be done"Šand it will be done in 