ELI-4 coffEell OffallSillAR! L11 13Z2717 VOL. XVIII WASHINGTON, D. C., THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1903. No. 46     Tly Religion and Public Education Issue The Recent Dicussion WHEN two months ago two numbers of The. Sentinel were devoted to the matter of religion and the public schools, or state support of religious teaching, and we declared that on no other point was the principle and prac-tise of separation of church and state being so openly and persistently at-tacked and so seriously menaced in the United States to-day, and that the ques-tion was already a live one and was sure to become more of a live question in the future, we did not anticipate that the matter was immediately to come prominently to the front and Lo be earnestly discussed. But such has been the case since that time. This has been caused by two expressions on the subject which confirm and empha-size our statements that the Roman Catholic Church in this country is reso-lutely set against the public educa-tional system as it now exists and is determined to bring about " such a change in it as will make it include definite religious teaching and instruc-tion, and that side by side with Catholi-cism in this opposition to and determi-nation to overthrow the practise and principle of separation of church and state in the public educational system is a considerable and evidently increas-ing element of Protestantism. One of these expressions was from Cardinal Gibbons, following closely upon his re- turn from Rome, and the other was from the pen of Rev. Montague Geer, Vicar of St. Paul's Chapel of the great Trinity parish of the Episcopal church in New York City. The latter was a communication to the New York Sun, published on October 1, and which that paper pronounced "a notable, a very significant, letter." As an exceptionally earnest and able expression on the subject from the ranks of the Protestant element referred to, this letter, to-gether with another from the pen of Mr. Geer which was published on Oc-tober 25, is important, and we think it well in giving the substance of this recent discussion which it has in large part provoked, and to a report of which we devote this number of The Sentinel, to quote the essential portions of these lengthy communications : There is nothing so topsy-turvy in the country to-day as our treatment of the subject of education; yet there is nothing so vital to the safety and per-petuity of our institutions. And the cause is not far to seek. In a country like this, with a mixed population, it is not the right and not the duty nor the policy of the state to educate. The state is too big and unwieldy and organ-ization to do such delicate work. To allow the state to carry on this kind of ethical and spiritual warfare is as absurd as to intrust to the church the duty of managing a 'military campaign against a foreign foe. It is simply a 