174 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY quotation, is too apparent to require any comment, but it is a good specimen of much of the sentiment upon which the "Americanism" of enforced Sunday ob-servance rests. All these things are very significant, for they show that the spirit which may be relied upon to go to any lengths in maintaining and enforcing by law the observance of Sunday is not on the wane, but is "practically immovable" in the opinion "that the American Sunday should not be destroyed." What the State Does Not Owe Commenting on that portion of Gov-ernor Odell's message to the New York legislature in which he disapproves of any alteration in the law closing saloons on Sundays, the Atlanta Constitution says : "The governor is right. Private convenience and common decency owe something to the basic cult of the coun-try and the consciences of those whose piety, sobriety and law-abiding habits are the real mainstays of society and the state." It is very true that something is owed to those whose piety, sobriety and law-abiding habits are the real mainstays of society and the state. About everything that the state can give is owed to this class of the people, and we are not sure but what among these things is the ab-solute closing of saloons seven days in the week. But, as we understand it, it is not the restriction or prohibition of the liquor traffic that the Constitution has reference to when it speaks of the "sorrle-thing" that is owed "to the basic cult" and to the consciences of the best citi-zens, but the legal maintenance of Sun-day observance. There are limits to what the state owes to even the best of things, and in this  country there are certainly limits to what is owed by the state to the basic cult and the consciences of even the very best and noblest citizens. The state owes to the basic cult, as to every other cult, free-dom and protection, and it owes the same thing to the consciences of all citi-zens. Neither the basic cult nor any other cult has a right to special legisl-tion in its behalf, and no class of citi-zens, however large, however pious, or however law-abiding they may be, have the right to ask that their convictions in matters of religion shall be incorporated into the laws of the state, and thus en-forced upon the consciences of others. And therefore no class of citizens, however large, however pious, or how-ever law-abiding they may be, have the right to expect from the state the en-forcement of Sunday or Sabbath observ-ance. If what the state owes to its best citizens includes such legislation as this, pray what is excluded? Can the support of churches, can the maintenance of re-ligious colleges, can the enactment and enforcement of any religious law that may be demanded by these citizens, be denied? When the Constitution of the United States declared that Congress should make no law respecting an es-tablishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, it drew a line across which no civil government has the right to go, never mind how much may be owed "to the basic cult of the country and the consciences of those whose piety, sobriety and law-abiding habits are the real mainstays of society and the state." "The modern drift toward the Conti-nental Sunday can only be checked by facts, arguments, and spiritual instruc-tion," announces an organization that is seeking by legislation to suppress the 