MORE CANDID TESTIMONY ON AN IMPORTANT SUBJECT 279 there announced should be opposed in this country by the proclamation of the Christian truth with regard to the rela-tion between church and state. While the power which stands for this error is rap-idly growing in this country, the error  itself is growing much more rapidly than is the Papacy or any of her other doc- trines. It is, therefore, of great im- portance that the truth in this matter should be set forth, and that is what THE SENTINEL is trying to do.ŠEDITOR.] 44, More Candid Testimony on an Important Subject [After the March SENTINEL had gone to press there came into our possession a reprint of a sermon delivered at the Church of the Messiah (Unitarian), in this city on November 24, last, on "Sunday: Its Origin, History and Authority." We regret that we did not have this earlier so that the pertinent extracts here giveu  might have been presented in connection with other matter of the same tenor then given. We are glad however to now add to what was then presented concerning  the Biblical authority and historical facts regarding  Sunday observance, the testimony of so able ands intelligent a man as Dr. Savage, who is himself an earnest friend of Sunday observance.ŠEditor.] THE one point to which I wish to invite your attention is a consid-eration of the origin, history, and author-ity of Sunday, so that we may have the facts, at any rate, to go upon in making up our minds. For it is astonishing what gross ignorance there is on the part of the majority of the people, even those sup-posed to be intelligent, concerning this matter of Sunday. They have taken tra-dition, prejudice, all sorts of things, for facts, and have not intelligently consid-ered the matter. Because God is traditionally said to have commanded the Jews to do a certain thing or not to do a certain thing on a certain day, we are told in this twentieth century that we must do and keep from doing a thousand other things that the Fourth Commandment says nothing about, on some other day. That is 'the situation. It has been quietly assumed on the part of Sabbatarians [Sunday "Sabba-tarians"] that there was, somehow, an authoritative transfer of the divine corn- mand to keep the seventh day to the first day of the week, because our Sunday is not the Sabbath day of the Jews at all. Let us note the attitude of the New Testa-ment on the subject. What was the attitude of Jesus, in the first place? He was popularly charged with being a Sabbath-breaker ; and he was, according to the standards of the people of his time. He disregarded their traditions. For example, they forbade walking through the fields of grain. Why? Because, if you happened to knock out some of the kernels as you walked, they would consider that as a kind of threshing : it was work. Jesus went through the corn-fields or grain-fields and gathered the heads and rubbed them in His hands and ate the grain ; and the disciples did the same. And, when He was charged with breaking their tradi-tional law, He admitted it and then enun-ciated that great principle, which ought to be a luminous guide for usŠthat hu-man needs, human well-being, were su-perior to any tradition ; "the Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sab- 