NOTE AND COMMENT 259 of the well-known attitude of the United States in this matter the new British-Japanese treaty is looked upon as being in reality a triple instead of a dual al-liance. The rapid succession of very destruc-tive conflagrations during the past few weeks is a matter of serious remark on all sides. Fire insurance companies have in some instances raised the rates of in-surance, and a general advance of rates is suggested. Early in the evening of February 2 a gas explosion started a conflagration in Waterbury, Conn., which practically destroyed the business center of the city, burning over an area of seven blocks before it was gotten un-der control. The loss was estimated at between $3,000,00o and $4,000,000. On February 9 an even more destructive con-flagration swept the business portion of the city of Paterson, N. J. Several pub-lic buildings were destroyed, and in ad-dition to the destruction of many busi-ness blocks, hundreds of people were left homeless. The loss was estimated at be-tween $8,000,000 and $1o,000,000. The city was placed under military control, as was also the burned district in Wa-terbury, immediately following the fire. On the same day a large lodging house was destroyed by fire in St. Louis, and eleven of its inmates lost their lives. On the next day, February io, the city of Springfield, Ohio, was visited by a con-flagration which destroyed property valued at $1,400,000. Early in the morning of February 18 the famous Bat-tle Creek Sanitarium, at Battle Creek, Mich., with the adjoining hospital and several outlying buildings, was entirely destroyed by fire. Although there were some 40o patients in the sanitarium and hospital at the time, nearly all of whom were in bed, only one life was lost and  two or three persons injured. It is thought that the fire originated in the laboratory and was due to the action of chemicals. The value of the property destroyed is estimated at a half million dollars. Between one and two o'clock, on .the morning of February 22, a fire broke out in the Seventy-first Regiment Armory, at Park Avenue and Thirty-fourth Street, New York, which in fatal results exceeded all that had prededed it during the month. The armory was de-stroyed, and while it was burning the fire was communicated to the upper stories of the Park Avenue Hotel, diag-onally across the street. The guests were in bed, and many in the upper stories were cut off from escape. Heart-rending scenes followed as people crowded to the windows and hung upon the ledges to escape the flames and suffocating smoke within. Some jumped to the pavement beneath with fatal results. The fire was soon gotten under control, but not be-fore fifteen persons had lost their lives and fifty were injured. Four of the in-jured died shortly after being taken to the hospitals. This is the third of the frightful catastrophes on a stretch of scarcely more than a mile of Park Ave-nue which make for it a terrible record since the opening of the new year. First, came the collision in the railway tunnel, at Fifty-sixth Street, on January 8, in which seventeen were killed and more than two score injured. Then, on Janu-ary 27, the explosion occurred in the rapid-transit tunnel at Forty-first Street, where five were killed, fifty or more in-jured, and a good deal of property' de-stroyed. In many of the churches of the city on February 23 reference was made in the prayers and sermons to "the incom-ing tide of great calamities which seems to have set in against our great and im-perial city." 