776 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY might be publicly whipped, and for a third offense he suffered death. "Smi-ting, cursing, or stubbornly disobeying father or mother " was a capital of-fense in Connecticut in 1640. In Mass-achusetts Quakers and Roman Cath-olics were banished, and if they re-turned the penalty was death. Trial by jury was repudiated because they " could find nothing of jurymen in the Old Testament." Oui early history is full of this spirit, by which acts not criminal from any just standpoint of legal obligation were treated as crimes solely because they were con-trary to some intolerant puritanical code of conduct. Laws of this nature are peculiar to a rudimentary state of society, and the world generally has left them far behind. They are pre-eminently contrary to our theories of government and the rights of the cit-izen. Yet they linger with us in one offensive form. Though our constitu-tion declares a total separation of church and state and absolute religious liberty, these laws maintain a discrim-ination based upon a religious idea. The sort of history that has been made by pro-fessed Chirstians when in a position to employ force is perhaps the most de-pressing thing met with by the Chris-tian student of history. Some of the darkest records of history are the rec-ords of the doings of professed rep-resentatives of Christianity; in the name of that religion and avowedly in its behalf have been enacted some of the worst dramas of history. This melancholy fact was recently put quite strongly by the New York Sun in af-firming that certain criticisms and cen-sure directed by a correspondent "against the Roman Catholic Church and its hierarchy" were, if justified at all, "applicable to all organized Chris-tianity": If our correspondent will follow the history of Christianity in Europe from  the time it first gathered strength to assert itself with physical force he will read a record of war, persecution, atroc-ity, and fierce human passions inflamed by religious .enthusiasm which is not exceeded if it is equaled in its dark-ness in the history of any previous re-ligious propaganda of which we have the record. When confronted with the terrible record "of Christianity in Europe from the time it first gathered strength to assert itself with physical force," the Christian says, and he says rightly, that it is not the record of Christianity, but the record of a monstrous perver-sion of ChristianityŠthe record of what, though Christian in name, was devilish in reality. He who is really ac-quainted with Christianity knows that its spirit is the farthest possible from the spirit of intolerance, persecution and violence, and that to the extent that professed Christians have the lat-ter spirit they are at war with the re-ligion they profess. But nevertheless the Christian can hardly expect that those who know not Christianity as he knows it, and who judge of it only by the course that has been pursued over and over and the record that has been made for it by so many of its pro-fessed disciples and representatives, shall hold it guiltless of the crimes that have been committed in its name. The shameful record of the violation of human rights that has been made by professed Christians has not been due entirely to the selfish, ambitious, arro-gant and cruel, but is due in no small degree to men who seemed to have no other desire and purpose than to serve and promote the interests, not of them-selves, but of the religion which they professed, and who we must believe were moved by what were to them most important obligations of religion. Almost without exception professed Christians, however humble and dis- Christianity Not Guilty Ł Ł 