46PS THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ises that independence shall be given as soon as a stable government is established, while the Republican plan contemplates a permanent colonial policy patterned after England's for-mer government in the American colonies and her present government in India. And to those who are neither Repub-licans nor Democrats this appears to be a fair statement of the situation, and it also appears that the Republican plan is the one that will be carried out by the Government. The taking of a very de-tailed census of the islands as soon as peace is established with the view of find-ing out "whether or not all or certain of the Philippine Islands are capable, fit and ready for the establishment of a per-manent popular representative govern-ment," is contemplated in the latter plan. The authority of the Philippine Commis-sion is increased, and at its discretion it is "to continue to establish additional municipal and provincial governments . . . with popular representative gov- ernment so far and so fast as commu-nities . . . are capable, fit, and ready for the same, . . . with the purpose of gradually extending to municipalities and provinces permanent popular representa-tive government." The restrictions on the suffrage now are such that but a small per cent. of the people can vote in these municipalities, and it is directed that these restrictions shall continue. Never-theless this, with the autocratic control of the Commission, is called "popular repre-sentative government," and to all appear-ances this is the kind of "popular repre-sentative government" that is to be made permanent. The Democratic plan, which is never likely to get any farther than it already has, provides that the Filipinos shall be allowed to elect delegates for the holding of a constitutional convention as soon as possible after hostilities have * ceased ; the issuing of a proclamation by the President of the United States declar- ing the independence of the Filipinos as soon as a constitution and government shall have been formed and sufficient guarantees have been given for the per-formance of treaty obligations with Spain and the safety of those persons who have adhered to the United States, and the United States shall have been given possession of such lands and wa-ters for naval, military and coaling sta-tions and terminal facilities.  for sub-marine cables as the President shall designate; that full amnesty is. to be granted to all inhabitants of the islands for all political offenses against the United States; and that within two months after the inauguration of officers elected under the Philippine constitution the President is to cause the armed forces of the United States to be with-drawn from the archipelago. It is also provided that the President shall nego-tiate an agreement between the United States, the Philippines, and Great Britain, Germany, France and such other powers as may deem best, providing for perpetual neutrality and inviolability from all foreign interference with the ter-ritory of the archipelago. This bill is entitled, and it would seem properly so, "A bill to promote the welfare and to es-tablish the independence of the Philippine Islands." The United States has boasted loudly of its benevolent intentions with regard to the PhilippinesŠwhich plan will it now adopt? In the light of what has already been done, it will adopt the first and not the second plan. And when that first plan is adopted in the face of this second plan it means that republic-ism is at a very low ebb in the United States, or else that it has very little influ-ence in the councils of Government. And this is not politics ; it is simply a common-sense view of a matter of very great im-portance. 