EDITORIAL 367 faugilaail OF CHRISTOAll IL 17 Set for the defense of human rights from the standpoint of Christianity. The only periodical in the United States wholly devoted to exposing and oppos-ing the increasing movements and tendencies of the present time which either directly atm at or logically tend to the employment of the power of law in the domain of conscience, in subversion of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCCX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. .BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York Postoffice. (See close of reading 'matter for terms of subscription, etc.) DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil govern-ment, and submitting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on religious ques-tions. We believe it is the right and should be the privilege of every man to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to oppose and prevent religious legisla-tion, to the end that every individual may enjoy the inestimable blessings of libert7. VOL. 17. MAY, 1902. No. 6 The patriot governs himself ; the des-pot governs other people. Ł "The 'civil sabbath' is a holiday ; the hallowed Sabbath is a holy day." rr  In the temple of liberty the rights of the weak are represented at the top, not at the bottom. That cannot be Christian which ig- nores and denies human rights. Ł "Man rules between man and, man ; God rules between man and God." Ł The true foundation of a free govern-ment is not its laws, but the character of its citizens. The world does not need men who can conquer nations, but men who can con-quer themselves. Governmental "business transactions" at the Vatican will prove very profitable for the Papacy. "Leisure demanded by religious con-viction is a blessing; idleness enforced by law is a curse which fosters all the lower vices." Ł The Sabbath is a day for spiritual ex-ercise, not for physical rest. Neither of these things can be secured by compul-sion. Ł . There is no inconsistency in rising to imperial heights and bowing low before the "Sovereign Pontiff" at the same time. Imperialism and popery work hand in hand. Ł A "superior" race which attempts to lift an "inferior" race to its own level by subjugation and conquest is apt to re-duce itself to the level of the "inferior" race during the process. Without individual self-government neither individual nor national freedom can endure. Of all forms of government the republican form is most dependent upon the integrity of the individual. 