554 THE SENTINEL OF. CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the other six days no less certain and obligatory; for all those four commands, if given at all, were given at the same time by the same authority, and their authen-ticity depends on the same evidence, and all must stand or fall together. To disbe-lieve, deny, or disregard one of those in-junctions would be impeaching the au-thenticity of the whole. To deny its au-thority as to the time is to deny indirectly its testimony as to the divine appointment of any sabbath day ; and then it would follow that the sabbath is not instituted by divine appointment, that to do useful work or pursue innocent pleasure on any day would then not be immoral; and the legislative prohibition could not make it so. Hence the law in question forbidding work and pleasure on the first day of the week as acts of immorality cannot be sus-tained on the authority of the alleged command of God. That command depends for its authen-ticity on the testimony of the Jewish legis-lator, Moses. If his veracity and intelli-gence are admitted sufficient vouchers for the divine appointment of a sabbath day,  he alone of all men ought to be allowed to know the particular day of the week which God told him should be kept as holy time. That he designated the sev-enth and not the first day of the week as the day which he said God appointed to be remembered and kept holy as a sab-bath, and which the Jewish people on his authority have for several thousand years observed and kept as such, are facts which will not be disputed. If we deny his tes-timony as to the time, or in other words if his intelligence and veracity are not to be relied on in regard to the particular day of the week appointed to be kept as holy time, his testimony becomes impeached and cannot be relied on in respect to the divine appointment of any sabbath day. The conclusion follows as in the last case stated, that there is no evidence of the divine institution of any sabbath day, that to work or play on any day is not im-moral, and the statutory interdiction of business and pleasure on the first day of the week as acts of immorality remains unsupported by the very command quoted as authority for its justification. Grace and Freewill W. A. Colcord THE soul of man is the seat of freewill, says Vernon Staley. Freewill, he adds, is that great gift of God to man whereby he is able to choose good or evil. The possession of freewill raises man above all the creatures around him, and makes him capable of responding to God's grace and conforming to His will. The soul would be incapable of either moral goodness or moral evil unless it was free to choose one or the other. Without freewill man would be a mere machine, not a moral agent created in the image of God. There could be no responsibility in the sight of God for our actions unless our wills were unfettered.  Obedience, to have virtue, must be freely rendered. Disobedience, to be sin, must be an act of choice or volition. By sin the will became enfeebled and prone to an evil choice. Grace is a spiritual gift of God, through Christ, which makes man acceptable to Him, and able to serve Him. Grace enlightens the mind, cleanses the heart, and strengthens the will, uniting us, with all the powers of our life, to God. It en-ables us to know and do His will. It pertains to the gospel, or the good news of freedom from the bondage and slav-ery of sin. Grace does not constrain or force the will, for grace may be resisted. 