LEGAL SUNDAY OBSERVANCE IN FLORIDA 283 Since the decision of Sparhawk against the Tailway company in 1867, when some of the judges regarded the running of passenger cars on Sunday as a work of necessity, and some as not being a work of necessity, that form of " worldly " employment has steadily continued and increased without complaint or interrup-tion, and less than two years ago was ex-pressly decided by a distinguised jUdge of the Common Pleas of Berks CountyŠJudge End-lichŠto be a work of necessity, and prosecu-tions under the act of 1794 brought before him were dismissed upon that ground. If the running of passenger railways is within the exception to the act of 1794 on the ground of public necessity, because of the numbers of people depending upon them for certain comforts and conveniences of life, how much more is the publication of the Sunday newspaper! For one person convenienced or accommodated on Sunday by the running of street passenger cars, a hundred are accom-modated and convenienced by the Sunday newspaper. And if the nature of the employ-ment in its effect upon the quiet of the day is .to be considered, the publication and distribu-tion of the Sunday newspaper is the cause of far less noise, disturbance and breaking of the "Sunday rest " than the railway. Some of the cases in our own State have justified the enactment of the legislation of  1794 upon the ground that the quiet of public worship and the peace of the household as a place for undisturbed religious meditation were the reasons for the passage of the law in question. Judge Thompson of our Supreme Court expressly ruled that the injury intended to be prevented by the act of 1794 was "alto-gether of a spiritual character," and that it was not of a "temporal nature." He also said that it was " difficult for any one to conceive of agenties beneficial and innoxious and ad-ministering to the health, comfort, and pros-perity of all who came within their influence during six days of the week, becoming on the seventh pernicious to peace and destructive to property." For these reasons that learned judge denied equitable relief in the case be-fore him (which was a bill for an injunction), though he expressed the opinion that the run-ning of said cars was not a necessity under the act of 1794, others of his brethren, how- ever, holding a different opinion. This again Ł emphasizes the point that this so-called crim- inal statute depends not upon any distinct and ascertainable fact or defined crime, but upon the varying opinions of different magistrates. For these reasons, therefore, the act of 1794 should be held to be void for indefiniteness and as incapable of enforcement under present conditions. Legal Sunday Observance Uncertain and Indefinite in Florida Also The sheriff of Duval County, Fla., in which is situated the city of Jacksonville, was recently called upon by a citizen of that place to stop what was termed the " unlawful assemblage " of persons at a point just outside the limits of the city to witness and participate in bicycle rac-ing on Sunday. But the sheriff was not clear as to " whether there was an actual violation of the [ Sunday] law as under-stood and interpreted in this [that] com-munity," and hesitated to act in the mat-ter. The exhibitions were " orderly and high-toned " ; " many people could not at-tend such an entertainment if given in the days of the week " ; " such races are held in the larger cities throughout the country  on Sunday and afford harmless recrea-tion to thousands of people, which other-wise they could not have " ; among those who had attended were " certain court of-ficers, county and city officials, and nu-merous citizens of the highest standing " ; and there had been no reports of " gam-bling or disorder." The sheriff ventured to examine and reason upon the Sunday law itself. He found that the only pro-vision under which he could act, if he could act at all, was that forbidding the following of " any pursuit, business or trade on Sunday, . . . except the same be work of necessity." He then very pertinently and logically reasoned : If this bicycle racing is a violation of 