71-4N ,ellE 11 OF OfEUSTUAR9 LLOYERTY VOL. XVI I I NEW YORK, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1903 No. 32     Is Relief from Sunday At Philadelphia a few Legislation Only fon months ago in cases the Influential? against the publishers of great newspapers a magistrate in an exhaustive opinion held that the Sunday law of Pennsylvania was too indefinite to be enforced or to be valid as a statute. In Massachusetts a few weeks ago in a case where the members of a club that was no doubt representative of society and wealth were affected, a city solicitor promptly ruled that golf playing was not in violation of the Sunday law. And now in a case where transportation companies are interested and affected the court of last resort has not hesitated to pronounce invalid the Sunday legislation of a great Province. This is all good, but why is it that such rulings and decisions are not made in many other cases in which they would be just as proper? If the Sunday law of Pennsylvania is too indefinite for enforcement when great newspapers are involved, then it is too indefinite for en-forcement when anything or anybody, no matter how humble and insignificant, is involved. But the arrest and fining of shopkeepers and others in Philadelphia and elsewhere in Pennsylvania proceeds right along under the Sunday law. If golf playing on Sunday is not an infrac-tion of the Massachusetts Sunday law,' then other equally harmless sports that are more popular with the masses than golf, and for indulging in which on Sunday there are frequent arrests and finings, are also not illegal. Regarding the last in-stance, we cannot help but query men-tally whether Ontario's Sunday legislation  would have been pronounced invalid if only the seventh-day observers or some other such uninfluential parties had been concerned. We do not mean to imply that the decisions in these instances were due in any degree to improper motives and influences, but nevertheless there seems to be reason to believe that the chances are much better that a ruling against Sunday legislation and enforce-ment will be made where the great and influential are involved than where the humble and uninfluential are involved. "Lord's Day" Alli- The Ontario Sunday- ance Disappointed, enforcement leaders but Hopeful are evidently deter-mined to maintain a bold front in the face of the defeat they have sustained, and to surrender nothing that they can pos-sibly retain. And more than that, in some way to regain as quickly as possible what they have lost. Since what is said else-where rega,rding the matter was placed in type we have seen a Toronto dispatch which thus speaks for them : The members of the ŁLord's Day Alliance, while naturally disappointed at the judgment delivered by the Privy Council, declaring the Ontario Lord's Day Act ultra vires in its pres-ent form, are not disposed to regard the judg-ment as one militating against them to any great extent. The effect of the decision may be that steamboat excursions may be run on Sunday, but the Alliance claim that, indepen-dent of the Lord's Day Act, there is enough legislation still in existence in the Province to prevent the running of Sunday street-cars on 'lines which have hitherto been denied that privilege. Chief Justice Armour, while de-claring that the Lord's Day Act was ultra 