EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 359 matter of the change from the observance of the seventh to the observance of the first day of the week, remarking that the change was made by the church early in the Christian era, and intimating, but not positively affirming, that there was " apostolic " authority and example for so doing. This change, however, he in-timated, was a matter of little conse-quence, since " the Sabbath is an institu-tion .and not a day." Of course he did not explain that the wonderful discovery that " the Sabbath is an institution and not a day," and that the law which com-mands the observance of the seventh day is a law commanding the observance of the first day of the week, was not made until sixteen centuries of the Christian era had passed, and that then it was made to meet the exigencies of the situa-tion in which English dissenters found themselves as protesters against " popish leaven and superstition." They could not, or rather would not, give up Sunday ob-servance, and of course they could not take the authority of " the Church " for it, for to have done that would have been to fly in the face of their own protests against " subjection to the ordinances of men "Šwould have been to admit the proprietS of and obligation to observe church-appointed " holy " days. They got out of this dilemma by making the above discovery, and it was then that Sunday was first called " the Sabbath " and' Sunday observance held to be keep-ing the Fourth Commandment. And that was only three hundred years ago ! Of course the matter of " Sabbath " legis-lation and enforcement was not ignored. It was declared that since the Sabbath was made for man the state had the right to legislate concerning itŠ" to secure this religious day of rest, this holy day for God." This "principle," it was declared, had always been recog-nized in this countryŠthis " Christian nation," as it was said the courts had  held it to be. It was further declared that Sabbath observance is absolutely es-sential to the maintenance of the belief in God, and that Deism is absolutely essen-tial to the maintenance of order and gov-ernment. Therefore, of course, in the interests of civil order, of government itself, " Sabbath " observance must be maintained by the state ! The attempt was made to confirm this idea by citing the course of Robespierre in repealing the atheistical enactments of his fellow-revolutionists and " restoring the weekly rest day and the worship of the Supreme Being to France," the implication being of course that this was done in order to establish order and that it was impossible to have order and government without a national profession of Deism and a na-tional " recognition " of the " weekly rest day." Of course it was not explained that the subsidence of the Reign of Ter-ror came not with the enactment of Robespierre's religious legislation, but with the overthrow of Robespierre him-self, and that at the very time when he was " restoring the weekly rest day and the worship of the Supreme Being to France " by legislative enactment he was causing and directing the wholesale exe-cutions which made the " Red Terror." One of the silliest things that we know of is the use that is made of the French Revolution by the champions of " Sab-bath ': and religious legislation in this country to-day. To hear them talk one would be led to suppose that that Revo-lution and its horrors were due to cer-tain inconsequential things which hap-pened in the midst of the Revolution itself. Not only do they set forth effects as causes, but they take for this purpose some of the most unimportant and ephem-eral of effects. They seem to be con-vinced that the causes and explanation of the horrors of the French Revolution are all to be found in the atheistical antics of Hebert, Clootz, and Chaumette. If 