ENGLAND'S NEW EDUCATION BILL 737 although assisted financially as it has been by the government, it has for nearly a score of years continually complained of the burden of its schools. And its complaints and appeals for more help have not been without avail. In 1897 a law was passed giving denominational schools an annual grant from the impe-rial exchequer of $1.43 per child in the city schools and 81 cents per child in the country schools. Thus a considerable proportion of the cost of maintaing the voluntary or denominational schools has of late been assumed and borne by the government. But this increase in the government grant did not long satisfy the church. It was hardly in possession of it before it began a new and persistent agitation of the question, the direct outcome of which is the new Education Bill recently introduced into Parliament at the request of the Anglican Church, and especially, it is understood, of the "high church" wing of that body. The grants were in-adequate to the needs of the situation. The church's end of the load was still too heavy for it to carry. Notwithstanding the assistance already provided by the government, many of the denomina-tional schools would have to be aban-doned unless the expense of maintain-ing them could be laid upon the rate-payers. The latest claim of the church, there-fore, as exhibited in this Education Bill, is that the entire cost of maintaining its schools shall be a public charge, and that in return for providing school-houses and keeping them in repair it shall be left in control of its schools, and continue to appoint their teaching staffs as hereto-fore. All these claims are conceded in the new Education Bill. Henceforward, if this measure becomes law, as seems very likely, the church schools will be sup- ported by government grants and taxes levied by the municipal councils upon ratepayers of all classes. The govern-ment will provide part of the funds, but the main cost of the schools will be as-sessed to the ratepayers. The principle upon which the bill is based is that the church should educate the children and the nation should pay all expenses. The bill is so framed that the managers representing the church shall always be in a majority of the municipal com-mittees controlling these church schools, the county or town council which pro-vides most of the funds having power to elect only one-third of the members of such committees. These committees are empowered to elect teachers on theologi-cal grounds, provided they are not dis-qualified by an utter lack of educational attainments, thus leaving the appointment of the teachers in the hands of the church, as already stated. This is one of the chief grounds of the opposition to the bill ; for while the salaries of the teachers in these schools are to come entirely out of public funds, there is to be no effec-tive control over their appointment by any body representing the taxpayers, and yet, as in the past, none but communica-ting members of the Church of England will be appointed to the staffs of these church schools. This arrangement will put not only large sums of money, but a large number of government-paid and therefore civil servants under the control of the church, and exclude non-con-formists from the teaching staffs of nearly two-thirds of the public elemen-tary schools of the country. The result of passing such a measure can only be to introduce sectarian con-troversies into municipal politics and to stir up religious animosities. Speaking of the working of the bill and the likeli-hood of its being passed, the following from the New York Sun of recent date 