EDITORIAL 197 I " Religious Freedom Proclaimed by the Czar," was the surprising announcement which greeted newspaper readers on the morning of March 13. An imperial mani-festo or ukase had just been published in Russia in which the Czar, after saying that " on ascending the throne of our ancestors by the providence of God we made a solemn vow before the Almighty and our conscience sacredly to guard the centuries-old pillars of Russian power and to dedicate our life to the service of our beloved fatherland in indefatigable solicitude for our subjects," and referring to " the troubles agitating our country " which " hinder the general work of ame-liorating the well-being of our people," declaredŠ we are irrevocably decided to satisfy the needs for which the state has become ripe, and have deemed it expedient to strengthen and decree the undeviating observance of the principles of tolerance laid down by the fundamental laws of the Russian Empire, which, recog-nizing the Orthodox Church as the ruling one, grant to all our subjects of other religions and to all foreign persuasions freedom of creed and worship in accordance with other rites; and we are further resolved to continue the active carrying Out of measures for the im-provement of the material position of the Or-thodox rural clergy, while enabling them to take a larger share in intellectual and public life. We suppose this purpose with regard to the Orthodox rural clergy, and the pur-pose stated further on in the decree, of bringing about " closer cooperation be-tween the communal authorities and paro-chial trustees of the Orthodox churches," is a part of the general purpose to improve the conditions of village life and of the local nobility and peasantry, which is the other important feature of the decree. " Revision of the laws of the rural popu-lation " is promised, and " thorough re-form is to be effected in the provincial governments and district administra-tions." " Means are to be found to  render it easier for the individual to sever connections with the community to which he belongs, if he so desires," and " with-out delay measures must be taken to release the peasants from the present burdensome liability of forced labor." At present there are regulations restricting peasants to the occupation in which they have been reared and to the commune in which they reside. For days after its publication the edict was the one subject of discussion in Russia, and everywhere it " joyfully excited the populace," caus-ing " more widespread joy than any do-mestic political event since the emancipa-tion of the serfs in 1861." But the general opinion throughout the world after thoughtful consideration seems to be that the edict, while very noteworthy, is by no means an epoch-marking one. " Practical observers see in it a general expression of kindly intention rather than a program of definite reforms, and do not look for sweeping changes Łto follow." A leading Russian paper says the mani-festo itself shows that the Czar " is resolved to maintain intact the principles of absolute monarchy and of the Ortho-dox Church." Even if the Czar intended to immediately inaugurate radical re-forms, it is not believed he would be allowed. to do so by the bureaucracy by which the Empire is controlled. The edict is merely a declaration of " our in-tentions " on the part of the Czar, and its promu'gation was evidently due to and intended to allay the revolutionary discontent which, in " the constant serious outbreaks by peasants. workmen and stu-dents," had " created a well-grounded fear that the troubles would increase until they got beyond control." Contrary to the first impression, the opinion seems to prevail now that the promulgation of the decree was not intended to effect any im-provement in the condition of the Jews, who are no doubt the most oppressed class in the Empire. 