AN ANCIENT PREDICTION CONCERNING UNITED STATES 477 conquered and colonies must be formed in order to widen commerce and give opportunity, so it is averred, for the business of the nation to be enlarged and extended. But this will only serve to increase the strength of the money power and render the slavery of the individual all the more complete. And the saddest feature in all this in-coming condition of things is the fact that the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution are being thrown down and trodden under foot. Islands and peoples are to be conquered and held purely in the interest of commerce and un-American ambition. America, the beloved America of free-dom, the haven for the oppressed of every clime, has reached the parting of the ways. A siren's voice is enticing her adown the evil road. The plunge over the precipice into the vortex of eternal ruin can not be far off. And the whole world is following¥ her, and all will be engulfed together. These are ominous times ! The very air is surcharged with the awful portents of the world's over-hanging doom. "Westward the course of empire takes its way, The first four acts already past, A fifth shall close the drama with the dayÑTime's noblest offspring is the last." There is an optimism rarely recognized until the optimist is dead. It comes from idealists who are ready to live and die for principles. They are not the vogue nor in request at public functions. They never acquire the faculty of saying smooth things on contradictory questions, and their lack of pliancy is set down to stubbornness. Yet their names come down the ages embalmed with fragrance, linked with noble causes that have up-lifted mankind. They live immortal, while the cheerful optimist of their day is either forgotten or remembered as the ally of tyranny. Optimism is sublime when self-sacri-fice is the price of possession, when faith in the moral laws that sway the universe forces it to defy the transcient that it may serve the permanent. Jesus perse-cuted and crucified, Paul shipwrecked, imprisoned and put to death, Hugo Gro-tius martyr to religious hate, Washington at Valley Forge, the American abolition-ists surrounded by brutal mobs, Victor Hugo choosing exile in Guernsey rather than to accept the tyrant's favor in Paris, Cobden and Bright facing the hostility of  English capital to bring free bread to the starving, and refusing to bend the knee to English sentiment when the Crimean war made dissent dangerous; the sturdy leaders of the South African veldt, with homes destroyed and their families wan-dering helplessly or perishing in British campsÑthese are the optimistic type. which fill the soul with admiration and inspire belief in the unswerving universal order whose corner-stone is justice. It is no sign that one despairs of ulti-mate justice because he refuses to be an accomplice in a "cheering" farce; to cry peace when there is no peace. Isaiah and Jeremiah were doubtless pessimists to the genial cheerers of their day, and Jesus as the denouncer of the scribes and Pharisees could not have been reckoned among the optimists of Jerusalem. Yet, in the Scriptures, these sturdy reformers who challenged current wrongs are now recognized as prophets and saints. That typical optimist, Nero, who was joyous enough to fiddle when Rome was burn-ing, has also a persistent memory, but of another kind. To adhere to righteousness when only 