4 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. this cause The Sentinel was then es-tablished. By the press and general public, the object of the establishment of The SentinelŠopposition to the union of church and state, in the recognition of "Christianity" as the national religion, in legislation, in common law, or in any other wayŠwas scouted as absolutely vain, and even nonsensical, because there was "not only no danger, but no possi-bility of danger of any such thing oc-curring in the United States." Events Justify the Estab- lishment of The Sentinel. And yet, within three years after the establishment of The Sentinel, the press and public of the whole nation saw (December, 1888) introduced in Con-gress and supported by powerful influ-ences, measures for the direct and posi-tive establishment of the "Christian" re-ligion as the national religion, and en-forcing upon all the people "Christian" observances ; and in less than two years later (May 8, 1890) the nation saw adopted and enunciated for the nation by the Supreme Court the principles of monarchial absolutism, instead of the re-publican principle. So distinctly was this done that in discussing the decision The Sentinel was constrained to say (May 7, 1891) : "If this doctrine shall be maintained, so that it becomes a principle of Ameri-can law, and shall become established as a principle of government here, then the revolution backwards is complete ; gov-ernment of the people is gone; and that of a sovereign parent of the people is put in its place. Then the doctrine of the Declaration of Independence and of the Constitution of the United States is subverted, and the doctrine of sov-ereignty, absolutism, and paternalism, is  established in its stead. Then also Ban-croft's history in the place above cited will need to be revised so that it shall read as follows : 'Is it asked who is the sovereign of the United States ? The Legislature is the sovereign and the people are subjects.'" In arguments in favor of governing "without the Constitution" the new pos-sessions of the United States, and in the insular cases before the Supreme Court (October term, 1900), this decision of the court was cited, and its principles were maintained; and the principle was confirmed by the Supreme Court in its decision of these cases. And accordingly, in that same decision, since the prin-ciples of the former decision were main-tained, the alternative suggested by The Sentinel ten years before actually resulted, and not only the Declaration and the Constitution, but all Anglo-Saxon principles of government, had to go. Those particular measures introduced in Congress in 1888 failed of adoption ; but in four years more (1892) the whole nation saw actually accomplished the very things contemplated in the meas-ures which had been introduced in 1888 and had been kept before Congress after-ward. In 1892 the Supreme Court of the United States unanimously declared that "the establishment of the Christian re-ligion" was one of the purposes of the colonial grants in America; was within the meaning of the national Constitu-tion, because these documents and others "have one meaning" with the Constitution ; and therefore "this is a Christian nation." In that same year that declaration of the Supreme Court was used as the basis and principal argument in securing Congressional action establishing Sun-day as the "Christian," American, and 