258 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY dared that "whilst Protestant sanctu-aries resound with the clamor of the new thought" the Catholic Church, in the presence of the "higher criticism" of to-day, stood unmoved on the truth that God has made "a supernatural and di-vine revelation of His will, and inspired men to write it." With regard to re-ligion and education he thought that the present system of popular education had demonstrated that the two could not be separated. He was convinced that "if the great non-Catholic bodies of this country which have pronounced their dissatisfaction at a purely secular system of instruction, would unite with Catholics and German Lutherans in asking for a modification of the present system that the sense of fairness that there is in the American people, when appealed to, would grant it." He desires a system in which the state will pay re-ligious schools for the instruction of chil-dren in secular branches, "according to contract and according to results." No doubt something of this kind will be brought about sooner or later, and it will mean a great deal more for the churches, and especially for the Catholic Church, than did the Indian schools' appropria-tions. Ł The event of the month in interna-tional affairs was the announcement of a practical alliance between England and Japan for the purpose of "maintaining the independence and territorial integ-rity of the empire of China and the em-pire of Korea." On February i i the terms of an agreement between England and Japan, signed in London on Jan-uary 23, were made public. The first article declares that they have mutually recognized the independence of China and Korea, but are entirely uninfluenced by any aggressive tendencies in either  country. They propose to take such measures as may be indispensable to safeguard the interests of Great Britain, which relate principally to China, and of Japan, which possesses interests in China, but is in a peculiar degree po-litically, commercially, and industrially interested in Korea. The second article provides that if either Great Britain or Japan, in defense of their interests, should become involved with another power, the other contracting party will maintain strict neutrality and use its best efforts to prevent other powers from joining in the hostilities against its ally. The third article stipulates that if any other power or powers should join in hostilities against that ally, the other contracting party will come to its assist-ance and conduct war in company, and make peace in mutual agreement. In the next article each contracting party agrees that neither of them, without con-sulting the other, will enter into separate arrangements with any other powers to prejudice the interests of the other. In the fifth each promises to communicate frankly and fully with the other when its interests appear to be jeopardized. The last of the contracts is that the agree-ment goes into effect at once, remains in effect for five years, and will be binding fora year after either party renounces it; but if the date fixed for expiration arrives when either party is actually en-gaged in war, the alliance shall continue unchanged until peace is concluded. It is generally understood that the treaty is made with reference to the ag-gressions of Russia on the Chinese fron-tier, notably in Manchuria, and is intended to call a halt upon these en-croachments and to prevent the forma-tion of any.  treaty between China and Russia whereby Russia will gain addi-tional territorial advantages. Because 