The Church-and-State Negotiations at the Vatican By the Editor SINCE the arrival of Governor Taft in Rome on May 3o, and even previous to that time., the cable has brought almost daily messages relating to his visit and the negotiations which were its object. But the information thus far ( June 23) conveyed has been chiefly with reference to matters that must be regarded as appurtenant to, rather than a part of, the "business trans-action." These, in a way; possess almost as much significance as the transaction it-self, and so we will briefly notice them, depending of course upon the dispatches that have appeared in the press, and communications to Catholic papers. The American commission, or "mis-sion," was met at Naples by Bishop O'Gorman, who had been in Rome some weeks making "the arrangements¥ for the state audience." After a few days' rest at this point the commission proceeded on its way, escorted by the gallant bishop. It was the plan for the members of the commission to have an introduc-tion to, and to be "received in official audience by, Cardinal Rampolla del Tin-daro, the Secretary of State," immedi-ately following their arrival in Rome, but this was prevented by the state of Governor Taft's health. "The Pope was very sorry because of the indispo-sition of Governor Taft, and charged Monsignor Bisletti, the master of the chamber, to inquire and express his sympathy," and "Cardinal Rampolla also sent to inquire." On June 5 Mr. Taft and his associates were presented to "his Holiness," and had an interview lasting forty minutes, it is stated. The Pope "received the  mission with the honors paid to ambassa-dors, and was most cordial in his man-ner." "At the entrance to the Vatican the Swiss Guard rendered military honors," and at the entrance to the Pope's recep-tion room "the gendarmes of the Noble Guard saluted the guests." "Governor Taft and Judge Smith wore evening dress, Bishop O'Gorman wore his gor-geous purple episcopal robes, and Major Porter was in full uniform and decora-tions.' After the introduction Governor Taft presented to "his Eminence" a let-ter and a present from the President of the United States, the present consisting of a set of Mr. Roosevelt's literary works in "eight richly bound volumes." These were received by the Pope "with warm thanks," who later directed that mosaics of St. Peter's and the Vatican, "magnifi-cent specimens of this branch of art made at the Vatican workshops," be transmitted to the President. Further preliminary to the business in hand Gov-ernor Taft "expressed his sense of the personal honor of the interview, and his profound respect, though he was not a Catholic, for the enlightened statesman-ship, the purity of character and the earnest seeking for the unlifting of all humanity, shown by the Supreme Pontiff during the twenty-five years of his pon-tificate." Then followed a short address by Mr. Taft, setting forth the matters to be considered, and a brief response by the Pope. The substance of what was reported of this interview, which was carried on in French, Major Porter act-ing as interpreter for Mr. Taft, will be given further on in¥this article. At the conclusion of the interview the commis- 