332 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the history of the empires which have fallen, and at the plain causes of their fall, may aid in the answer to this im-portant question. Babylon was a mighty empire whose fall was so terrible that the earth itself was "moved, and the cry was heard among the nations." Yet what was the cause of itŠthe direct and palpable cause? Belshazzar's feast is the answer, that feast made to a thousand of his lords in which he "drank wine before the thousand," and to which were called in lascivious mixture princes, wives, and concubines. It was extended so com-pletely throughout the whole city that practically the whole populace was but a drunken, lascivious crowd. And this was but the culmination of a course of things that had been followed up by those who composed the imperial or ruling class. This is certified by Cyrus, the Persian, who, when addressing his own troops to inspire in them courage for the campaign which he was then un-dertaking against Babylon, said: "Do you know the nature of the enemy you have to deal with? They are soft and effeminate men, already half conquered by their own luxury and voluptuous-ness; men unable to bear either hunger or thirst ; incapable of supporting either the toil of war or the sight of danger." Babylon was succeeeded by Medo-Persia. At that time and before the Medes and Persians were an exceed-ingly temperate and frugal people. When Crcesus of Lydia was contem-plating Axar with the Persians, his ad-viser said to him : "Thou art about, 0 king, to make war against men who wear leathern. trousers, and have all their other garments of leather; who feed, not on what they like, but on what they can get from a soil that is sterile and unkindly ; who do not indulge in wine, but drink water; who possess no figs nor anything else that is good to eat." Herodotus declares that "before the con-quests of Lydia, the Persians possessed none of the luxuries or delights of life." And Cyrus, in his speech to his troops, after describing the weakness and ef-feminacy of the Babylonians from ex-cessive living, appealed to the personal experiences of the Persians themselves, saying: "Whereas youŁ that are inured from your infancy to a strait and hard way of living; to you, I say, hunger and thirst are but the sauce, and the only sauce, to your meals; fatigues are your pleasures, dangers your delight, and the love of your country and of glory your only passion." More particulars as to this are given by Rollin: "The only food allowed either the children or the young men [of the Persians] was bread, cresses, and water, for their design was to accustom them early to temperance and sobriety. Besides, they considered that a plain, frugal diet, without any mixture of sauces or ragouts, would strengthen the body and lay such a foundation of health as would enable them to undergo the hardships and fa-tigues of war to a good old age." And yet, after the Persians had de-stroyed Babylon, whose luxury had al-ready brought her to the brink of de-struction, in the face of these lessons which they themselves knew, and in de-fiance of their original principles of tem-perance and health, they allowed them-selves to be carried away with luxurious feasts by which that empire herself had sunk to ruin. And so of the' later Per-sians it is written: "To such a height was their luxury grown that they would expect the same magnificence and enjoy the same pleasures and &lights in the army [on a campaign] as in the king's court ; so that in their wars the kings marched accompanied by their wives, their concubines, and all their eunuchs. 