SUNDAY-LAW OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA AGAIN Ł 39 ever to do with it. The magistrate dis-charged him. The Widow and Orphan Not Spared by the " Sabbath " Association Then came a shrinking, kind-faced woman, of about 60 years, Mrs. C. R. Kelly, of 127 South Fourth St., who, with her poor, much-worn attire and depressed, overapprehensive expres-sion, made a most melancholy picture. Even Agent Vail, before a question had been asked, was visibly touched. The woman had once been handsome, no doubt, and with her iron-grey hair, her dark eyes and her figure of grand-motherly symmetry, was still attract-ive. Across her straight, rather deli-cate nose, were old-fashioned gold spectacles, that looked as if they were an heirloom of better days ; on her head was a plain black bonnet, such as were worn thirty years ago, and around her shoulders a faded, gray shawl, which was also of a past gen-eration, its shabbiness only redeem-able by its cleanliness and neat adjust-ment. The troubled light in her eyes was clouded with tears as she made her brief statement. One of the pro-fessional informers first testified that a cigar had been sold to him in her shop. " Yes," answered the old woman, "it was sold to you by a little girl, almost a baby, who happened to be alone in the shop a few minutes, and didn't know better. If I had been there, it wouldn't have seen sold. The child was misled into selling it. Judge, I have nine orphan children in the house -- " "You are a widow ?" queried the magistrate, with deep com-passion. " Yes, for six years past, with nine children; and my husband was three years sick before he died." These words were uttered with almost a sob. "The few things I could sell on Sunday wouldn't pay me --" "No more testimony Š I don't want to hear any more !" exclaimed the magistrate, moving indignantly in his seat. "You are discharged. We can't oppress the widow and the orphan here, blue laws or no blue laws." An unusual mois-ture shone in his eyes as he turned the next leaf of the docket. The old woman walked slowly out, and every  one in the court room looked after her in silent respect. Two charges of candy selling were brought against J. P. Farmakis, and two, also, against J. D. Farmakis, the Market St. dealers, neither of whom appeared. These and all other cases in which the defendants did not an-swer were continued. S. Cohen, of Front and South Sts., whose aspect suggested dire poverty, paid the costs in his case with a pile of nickels. "It's all I've got," he ex-plained. "It took me all the week to make enough to live." Defendants were mulcted as follows : `Fined Š C. H. Kenner, druggist, 2163 North Van Pelt St., S. Lieberman, 423 South Third St., Joseph H. Mellon, 3000 Ridge Ave., Thomas Poppas, candy, 409 South St., Louis H. Mitchell, candy, Thirty-first and Diamond Sts., and Judson and Berks Sts., Henry Tangert, candy, 2921 Ridge Ave., H. W. Beck, candy, 246 North Eighth St., John P. Brown, 2455 North Fifteenth St. Costs Š Ed-win F. Vanderveer, candy, 1419. Ridge Ave., Thomas Maltby, 304 South Fourth St., Charles N. Morris, candy, 2449 Ridge Ave., L. Podolink, 323 South St., N. S. Cohen, Front and South Sts. Proper Comment by the " Public Ledger The next day a leading editorial in the Public Ledger was headed, "The Shadow of the Blue Laws on Christ-mas." From it we quote : On the day before Christmas there was apparently but one place in all this great city from which the spirit of Christmas was banished and shame cast upon it. That place was the office of Magistrate South. The things done there Š the prosecution on that day of certain alleged offenders against the blue laws Š by persons acting in the name of the Sabbath Association, cast a heavy shadow upon, and irreverently mocked the spirit of, the hallowed, gracious time. The things done were so repellent, so at variance with all that is revered in the Christmas story, so out of tune with the charity, love and mercy of Him who bade the Magdalene go and sin no more, who admonished the questioner to forgive not only seven times, but seventy times seven, as to 