The Papacy "a Scheme of Domination WHEN intelligently contemplated, the Papacy is seen to be a monarchy of a mixed kind, partly ecclesiastical and partly civil, founded professedly upon di-vine right, and claiming universal juris-diction and dominion. Nothing could dis-play greater ignorance of the essential principles of the Papacy, or greater in-=competence to deduce legitimate infer-ences from then principles, than to hold, as some do, that the supremacy [over the nations] was an accident, .or had its -origin in the ambition of Greg6ry, or in the superstitions and slavish character of the times. Nothing is easier than to show that the claim to temporal suprem-acy is a most logical deduction from the fundamental elements of the system. It partakes not in the slightest degree of the accidental. Its development was the work of five centuries, and the joint operation -of many hundreds of minds who were successively employed upon it. It was the logical consequence of principles which had been engrafted on the Papacy, or Tather which lie at the foundation of the whole system ; and, accordingly, it was -steadily and systematically pursued -through a succession of centuries, and engaged the genius and ambition of in- -numerable minds. . True, it was only at times that the Papacy dared to assert and act upon this arrogant claim. In itself the claim is so monstrous, and so destructive of the natural rights of men and the just -prerogatives of princes, that the in-stinct of self-preservation overcame at times the slavish dictates of superstition, -and princes and people united to oppose a despotism that threatened to crush both. When the state was strong, the Papacy -held its claim in abeyance ; but when the * The matter under this heading is arranged from -Wylie's "The Papacy." sceptre came into feeble hands, that mo-ment Rome advanced her lordly preten- sions, and summoned both her ghostly terrors and her material resources to en-force them. She spent five centuries of intrigue in the effort to realize this claim, ' and five centuries more of wars and bloodshed in the effort to retain and con-solidate it. It was promulgated from the doctor's chair, ratified by synodical acts, embodied in the instructions of nuncios, and thundered from the pontifical throne in the dreadful sentence of interdict by which monarchs were deposed, their crowns transferred to others, their sub-jects loosed from their allegiance, and their kingdoms not unfrequently ravaged with fire and sword. Rome trampled with inexorable pride upon the dignity of princes ; she violated without scruple the sanctity of oaths ; she repaid former fa-vors with insult ; and treated with equal disdain the rights and the supplications of nations. Nothing, however exalted, nothing, however venerable, nothing, however sacred, was permitted to stand in her way to universal and supreme dominion. She became the lady of king-doms. She was God's vicegerent, and could bind or loose, build up or pull down, as seemed good unto her. Acts so monstrous may appear to be the mere wantonness of ambition, or the irresponsible doings of men in whom the lust of power had overborne every other consideration. The man who reasons in this way either does not understand the Papacy, or wilfully perverts the question. This was but the sober and logical action of the popedom ; it was the fair working of the evil principles of the system, and no chance ebullition of the destructive passions of the man who had been placed at its head ; and nothing is capable of a more complete and convincing demon- 