EDITORIAL 783 the Island of Cuba," which it declared threatened to bring "irretrievable dis-honor if not another costly war upon the United States and ruin upon a confiding and dependent people." And in its issue of July 13 it dwelt upon "the great be-trayal" and "monstrous breach of faith" whereby the good name of the United States had been "tarnished," the Cuban republic "embarrassed and crippled," and the Cuban people "imbued with dis-trust of us and resentment toward us." Now all this is significant, and it demon-strates that the conduct of the United States in this matter has not, so far, been 'totally unlike that of Rome toward the Grecians. Whep they got ready to settle the coal strike the coal barons, or rather Mr. Mor-gan, told the President to appoint an ar-bitration commission of five persons, and specified quite definitely the sort of per-son each of those five should be. Al-though these' specifications left no place for the appointment of such a person, a Roman Catholic prelate, John L. Spal-ding, Bishop of Peoria, Ill., was made a member of the commission by President Roosevelt. This was done by appointing a commission of six persons instead of five, and the President made this addition after consultation with the head of the miners' organization. Since that seemed to end the objection of the miners, or rather their. leaders and sympathizers, that the commission would not be a fair one for them, it is to be presumed that the appointineht of Bishop Spalding was a concession to the labor interests. Presi-dent Baer, of the coal operators, has said in an interview : "President Roosevelt called me up by telephone and said he wished to appoint Bishop Spalding, and asked me whether or not I would con-sent." He at once gave his consent, and the next day "saw the other gentlemen,  and they cheerfully ratified my action." A metropolitan daily which published the first intimation of Mr. Morgan's move to end the strike had it that he would call for a commission of three persons, and that one of these would be either Arch-bishop Ireland or Cardinal Gibbons. Taking the thing altogether it is evident that there was a strong feeling some-where that a prominent Catholic ecclesi-astic could not be dispensed with in the matter. So far as we know Bishop Spalding is not a prelate who tries to push himself and "the Church" forward in public matters, and is the best Catholic prelate in the country for the position to which he has been appointed. He is an author of some note, and has written some very excellent things. We find by repeated experience that it is rather unsafe to announce in one num-ber just what articles are to appear in the next. The intervening period is so long, the current matters that deserve at-tention are so numerous, and our space is so limited, that it happens always at the last moment that it is necessary to omit some articles that were to have been published. And it is always the case that the articles that have been announced are those which will best keep for future numbers. This is why the article by J. 0. Corliss on "The State and the Sab-bath," and some others that were an-nounced last month for this number, do not appear in it. We think these articles will appear in the next issue. Following the article by Mr. Corliss will appear a series of excellent articles by him on the general theme of "The Relation of the State to Sabbath Observance." There is in store also for the readers of THE SENTINEL a number of valuable articles by Mr. W. A. Colcord, who has not only long been a student of and writer on the religious liberty question in its various 