648 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY this is to be understood, and if we take the language of this Baptist paper to mean what it was evidently intended to mean all this has to be understood from it, then what in the world are "Christian leaders" fighting for in this matter, and what possible objec-tion can they have to Sunday labor and. amusements ? What strange hal-lucination is it that causes religious people to be so stirred and seriously concerned over a matter in which noth-ing religious is involved? Of course what is plainly to be understood from the language of this Baptist paper on this point is not true. If the fight of " Christian leaders " against Sunday labor and amusements had no refer-ence to " religious principles " and the " religious sanctions of Sabbath ob-servance," it would never have been necessary for this paper to have issued the warning that it does. For, in the first place, there would be no such fight on hand, at least "Christian leaders" would not have it on their hands, as is almost entirely the case now ; and, in the second place, those who did have it on their hands, if any such there were, would not be persistently appeal-ing to religious sanctions and employ-ing religious terms in its behalf. No, it is just simply because " religious principles " are involved in this mat-ter and.  that it does have reference to the " religious sanctions of Sabbath observance," that it is necessary to issue this warning to " Christian leaders." In this country it does not sound very well to ask that the civil law shall legislate in the interests of a religious institution and enforce it upon the people, and, fortunately, such a demand cannot escape challenge and what is to it very uncomfortable scrutiny. Therefore, since the Sunday institution is a religious institution, and since the use of civil legislation  " against the tendency to increase Sunday labor and Sunday amuse- ments " is a use of civil legislation in behalf of a religious institution (for " the tendency to increase Sunday la- bor and Sunday amusements " is op-posed only because it is a tendency that is against Sunday as a religious institution), it is of course very unwise in the " Christian leaders " who de- Ł mand legislation for this purpose to make, plain and prominent the real nature of their demand and object. They should avoid " reference to the religious sanctions of Sabath observ-ance " and " the use of terms, such as desecration,' which involve religious principles," for thereby " they harm the cause which they are trying to support." They harm it by revealing its real nature; for the good of " the cause " its real nature should not be ma de prominent. The policy which this Baptist paper advises is the policy which more and more marks the cause of Sunday legislation and en-forcement. More and more the osten-sible object is civil, social, and not religious. But the cause remains ex-actly the same all the time. Bible Reading in We stated three New York weeks ago that the Schools proposition to have the Bible in the public schools inevi-tably involves the question, Which Bible ? An illustration of this was af-forded in New York last winter, where the reading of " the Bible " in the schools is authorized by law. The Catholic Truth Society inquired of the State Superintendent of Public In-struction " if the Douay [Roman Cath-olic] version of the Bible might not be read by Catholic teachers in the public schools where the reading of the Bible was required." The superintendent evaded the responsibility of answer- Ł 