em ay] ell OF L112,32RTY VOL. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 1903 No. A law which prohibits " worldly " em-ployments should make provision for tak-ing people out of the world during the time to which the prohibition applies. No wonder it is so difficult to deter-mine from the Sunday law itself just what is the crime it forbids. It does not Ł forbid any real crime at all; it simply tries to make crimes out of things that are not crimes at all. The " crime " which the Sunday law forbids is of such a nature that it cannot certainly be known in any particular case until the trial magistrate, out of his own private opinion and judgment, decides that the act of the defendant is a viola-tion of the law. And, of course, what one magistrate may hold to be a viola-tion of the law another may hold to be no violation at all. Two weeks ago we said that in prin-ciple the old Sunday law of Pennsyl-vania was identical with the Sunday laws of the other States. We might have said that it is not only identical in principle but practically so in text, for there are no differences of any consequence between its provisions and those of the Sunday laws of the other States. Practically all of them prohibit " worldly employment or business " and permit " works of ne-cessity and charity." Therefore the ar- gument of Ex-Judge Gordon against the old Pennsylvania law, a portion of which is given in this issue, is just as applicable to all the other State Sunday laws. They are all lacking in the requirements neces-sary to give them validity and make them susceptible of enforcement by proper and lawful procedure. The Florida sheriff struck the nail on the head when he asked himself if the claim that the operation of street-cars, railway trains, boats, and the conducting of other businesses that are freely per-mitted on Sunday is " work of necessity," is not " rather a subterfuge than an ac- tual truth " Yes it is, notwithstanding it is a subterfuge that the courts univer-sally sanction. These things are in no sense necessities in the purview of the Sunday legislation that is retained upon the statute books of American States, and are as much in violation of it as any " worldly " employment or business that can be named. It is to be hoped that more officials, when they are called upon to engage in Sunday enforcement, will carefully scrutinize the law before they undertake to enforce it. The courts have been altogether too prone to interpret and construe this legislation according to the times and circumstances, and thus have perpetuated it. A literal interpreta-tion and application of this legislation would greatly serve to exhibit its real 'character and to cause its abolition. 