734 THE SENTINEL OF eran ; and at the end of the year he left Rome followed by fifty wagons loaded with gold and silver, which he conducted to the holy father under the charge of a good escort. Clement himself had not remained inactive. He had sold a goodly number of dispensations to kings, princes, and lords who could not go to Rome; and they counted that the jubilee pro-duced incalculable wealth to the court at Avignon."ŠId. PAPAL FURY FULMINATED AGAINST TWO RULERS Benedict XII. had failed to raise the excommunication from Emperor Louis. The emperor besought Clement VI. so earnestly to release him, and the pope held off so long, that, at last, he offered to allow the pope himself to dictate the terms of his release. This, of course, the pope willingly did; and, amongst the terms, he stipulated that the emperor should never issue any ordinance "as em-peror or king of the Romans, without special permission of the Roman See ; and that he would supplicate the pope, after absolution, to grant him the admin-istration of the empire ; and that he would make the states of the empire swear by word and by writing to stand by the Church." Even to these terms the emperor agreed. But the nobles of the empire denounced him for it. They also protested to the pope, and began to say that an emperor who had so debased the imperial office ought to be com-pelled to abdicate. Yet, even after the emperor had done all this, under the plea that the emperor had not fulfilled the treaty with becom-ing promptness, Clement VI. issued the following bull, "which in the vigor and fury of its curses transcended all that had yet, in the wildest times, issued from the Roman See" : We humbly implore the divine power to con- CHRISTIAN LIBERTY fute the madness and crush the pride of the aforesaid Louis, to cast him down by the might of the Lord's right hand, to deliver him into the hands of his enemies, and those that per-secute him. Let the unforeseen snare fall upon him! Be he accursed in his going out and his coming in! The Lord strike him with madness, and blindness, and fury ! May the heavens rain lightning upon him! May the wrath of Almighty God, and of the blessed apostles St. Peter and St. Paul, turn against him in this world and in the world to come! May the whole world war upon him! May the earth open and swallow him up quick! May his name be blotted out in his own generation; his memory perish from the earth! May the ele-ments be against him; his dwelling be deso-late! The merits of all the saints at rest con-found him and execute vengeance on him in this life! Be his sons cast forth from their homes and be delivered before his eyes into the hands of his enemies.ŠId. In 1347 Rienzi roused Rome to the es-tablishment of a new republic, with Rien-zi himself as great tribune. Clement VI. condemned Rienzi and his whole proceed-ings, denounced him "under all those ter-rific appellations, perpetually thundered out by popes against their enemies. He was 'a Belshazzar, the wild ass in Job, a . Lucifer, a forerunner of antichrist, a man of sin, son of perdition, a son of the devil, full of fraud and falsehood, and like the beast in the Revelation over whose head was written, Blasphemy.' He had in-sulted the holy Catholic Church by de-claring that the church and and state of Rome were one."ŠMilman. PRELATICAL CORRUPTION EXCITES EVEN THE DENUNCIATION OF A POPE In the year of 1348 the black plague swept over Europe, and caused multi-tudes to perish. The clergy had neglect-ed the attentions due to the suffering, the dying, and the dead; and the friars every-where had administered those offices. This everywhere turned the gratitude of the people to the friars, and brought 'to the friars vast numbers of gifts in wills 