EDITORIAL 341  Do United States is a Christian nation," and that " nearly all denominations now rec-ognize Good Friday." This is enlighten-ing as to the principle upon which " Good Friday " receives official recognition. But more significant than the closing of schools are these facts : A bill was in-troduced in the New York legislature during the session that has just closed which provided for the establishment of " Good Friday " as a legal holiday. The following ordinance " as to the official or quasi-official observance of the religious fast of Good Friday," to quote the Sun, was adopted by the board of aldermen of New York on March 24 and approved by the mayor on March 3o : Resolved, That the heads of the several de-partments of the government of the city of New York be and they are hereby requested to close their respective offices on Good Friday, April 1o, 1903, and all other offices not by law required to be kept open for the transaction of public business to be closed on said day. And the Sun declared that, " except as prevented by State or federal statutes pro-hibiting the closing of public offices, banks, or courts," the day was " observed in New York by the general suspension of official business." " The solemnity of the fast rested upon the whole town, and pro-foundly influenced the voluntary or invol-untary conduct of the great mass of the citizens." While it is all right for of-ficials as individuals to observe " Good Friday," or any other religious " fast " and " holy " day they may choose, so long as such observance does not interfere with the performance of their official du-ties, it is all wrong for them to make such observance a subject of official and legis-lative action. This latter is a clear and positive violation of the principle of sep-aration of church and state. Of course " Good Friday " and the religious Sunday rest upon the same authorityŠthe author-ity of the Roman Catholic ChurchŠand  of course if one of them is a proper sub-ject for official and legal recognition and establishment, so is the other. Both have equal claims in that respect ; but proper regard for the principle of separation of church and state requires that such claims of both be utterly ignored. The American Israelite of May 14 had this note at the head of its editorial page : The massacre of Jews in Russia by a Chris-tian mob, led by Christian priests, has so far not been deemed of sufficient importance to call for any notice from a single Christian religious paper that has come to the notice of the Israelite, an instance of bigoted callous-ness that seems hardlyŁhuman. If this failure to notice the Kishineff massacre is due to failure to abhor the atrocious and inhuman deeds and diabol-ical spirit of those who perpetrated it and are responsible for it, and to prejudice and bigotry against the race and religion whose representatives were its victims, then the strong words of the Israelite are more than justified. Although it has made no note of the matter, THE SEN-TINEL is probably not one of the papers whose failure to do so has been noticed by the Israelite. Its limited space and the circumstances of its publication do not permit THE SENTINEL to notice by any means all the matters that it would like to notice, at least not with prompt-ness, and .it does not attempt to do so. This Kishineff massacre is one of sev-eral matters that have come up in the last few weeks that we have desired to notice but which have as yet received no mention. We expected to notice it, how-ever, when the facts of the matter be-came established with some certainty. The facts in brief as they now appear are these : Early on Sunday, April 19, there broke out in the city of Kishineff, in Bessarabia, a Russian province on the border of Rumania, an outbreak against the Jews, who constitute about one-third of the over Ioo,000 inhabitants of the I Ł 