208 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, Vol. 4, No. 26. TI2e ognricica geOir2el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JULY 24, 1889. NoTs.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-ishers to pay for the same. WE publish in this number of the AMERICAN SENTINEL an article entitled, "A Lutheran Min-ister on National Reform, " for which we ask a careful reading. The article consists of extracts from an essay read before the Lutheran Confer-ence at Loudonville, Ohio, January 15. It is well worthy of a careful perusal. We will send the entire essay in pamphlet form to any address, post-paid for 3 cents. THE American Catholic News, published in New York, accuses Col. Elliott F. Shepard of hypocrisy in the matter of Sunday-keeping as fol- lows :Š Ł " He [Col. Shepard] owns the Fifth Avenue stages and has refused to run them on Sunday on the ground of his unwillingness to desecrate the Sabbath? It is now known that the editor of that sycophantic sheet [the Mail and Express] also owns the stages that run in Central Park, and not only does he run these on Sunday, but also the Fifth Avenue stages, too. The truth is that there is no money in running the Fifth Avenue stages on Sunday; so they are employed in Central Park, where the demand on 'the day of rest' is greater than the stages run there on week days can accommodate." Ł Ł THE following item from the South Bend (Ind.) Tribune of June 1, is a suggestive com-mentary on Sunday laws, and on the claim of W. F. Crafts and his co-workers that the laboring men are clamoring for permission to rest on Sun-day :Š " The agreement among the barbers of Indianapolis to test the Sunday law was begun last Sunday by the keeping open of the Bates House tonsorial rooms, and barber Knox was promptly arrested. Tobacco stands in this State are allowed to keep open under a Su-preme Court decision that tobacco is a necessity, and the barbers believe that, if their case is properly presented, a favorable decision will be rendered. The saloons were all closed Sunday, but the drug stores were open and whisky can be bought by the quart at most of them." And what a victory for temperance it must be to have saloons closed and drug stores selling liquor by the quart ! Great is Sunday ; and past finding out are Sunday laws! MR. CRAFTS, the field secretary of the so-called American Sabbath Union, is still swinging around the circle in the interests of National Reform, and as he goes is strewing his inuendoes and mis-representations everywhere. In his recent visit to Denver, in the interests of his so-called reform, he attempted to carry things with a high hand. We are informed that he was very much incensed because the AMERICAN SENTINEL was distributed very extensively in that city while he was there. A number of copies of the SENTINEL were given out from the office of the leading paper in Den-ver, and Mr. Crafts learning of this fact went to the office and secured an interview with the proprietor, demanding that no more papers should be circu-lated from that office. The proprietor of the pa-per very properly refused to be dictated to in such  a matter, and the circulation of the SENTINEL continued. We do not wonder that Mr. Crafts writhed under it, for the number of the SENTI-NEL which was circulated on that occasion contained arguments which Mr. Crafts did not care to encounter, and which he is entirely un-able to answer. REV. A. FASANOTTI, D. D., a Catholic priest of San Francisco, recently delivered a sermon on the subject of Sunday picnics. He stated, among other things, that his church did not object to pic-nics being held on Sunday, provided the parties " attend divine service before departing on the trip." Just so ; and this same principle is largely responsible for the efforts being made at present by the National Reformers. It is not, after all, the sanctity of the Sunday Sabbath which they so much desire to bring about, as it is a desire to fill the pews of their churches. They greatly la-ment the fact that Sunday Is being so universally "desecrated," but the principal reason for their grief is not because the sacredness, as they term it, of Sunday, is being violated, but it is because this so-called desecration draws the multitudes away from the church, and for this reason they say that it must be stopped. REV. WILBUR F. CRAFTS, field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, says that " the as-saults of intemperance upon liberty and the home, call for national constitutional prohibition." (Herald of Reform, Cleveland, Ohio, June 15.) And Elliott F. Shepard, president of that union, says that "constitutions are not made for such purposes and they cannot be used in that way wi th-out bringing our system, of government under written constitutions into inefficiency and trouble." (New York Mail and Express, June 21.) These eminent reformists (?) are, however, agreed that Congress should recognize Sunday as the Chris-tian Sabbath, and enforce its observance by adequate penalties. The demand for religious legislation is, it seems, common ground upon which prohibitionists and anti-prohibitionists can meet and unite. " My name is Legion, for we are many." Truly this may be said of Mr. Crafts' Sabbath. He wants a " civil Sabbath," an " American Sabbath," a " Christian Sabbath," and "the ideal Sabbath of the Puritans," whichever he thinks will best suit the ever-varying circumstances of his campaign. We have not been able to quite understand the variation in definition, inasmuch as he wants them all on Sunday, until explained by placing the Missouri and Minnesota conven-tions side by side. In Missouri, Mr. Crafts said he was advocating an American, rather than a Christian, Sabbath ; and when they organized their State branch of the American Sabbath Un-ion, they adopted the following as the first article of its constitution :Š " The object of this Association shall be to preserve the Christian Sabbath, or Lord's day, as a day 'of rest and worship." But in Minnesota he advocated a Christian Sabbath, and declared that the convention was a " State Convention of those who represent the Christian Sabbath." So the first section of the constitution of the permanent State organization was made to read as follows:Š " The object of this Association shall be to preserve the Christian Sabbath, or Lord's day, as a day of rest and worship." We are glad this matter has been made plain,  so the people may understand just what the Re-formers mean when they present the various fea-tures of their chameleon Sabbath. There is nothing like having all these obscure points well defined. It is fair to presume, however, that Mr. Crafts' doctrine of the " ideal Sabbath of the Puri-tans" expresses the design of the above-quoted sections when fully carried out. Fair Play, a paper published in Valley Falls, Kansas, refers to the Blair Sunday-Rest bill and the Blair Educational Amendment bill, as "Chris-tian bills," but why, we are unable to say. Cer-tain it is that we have repeatedly shown that these measures are the very opposite of Chrittian. Christianity teaches that men should render unto Omar the things that are Cmsar's and unto God the things that are God's. The Blair Sunday-Rest bill, should it become ' a law, would require men to render unto Caesar that 'which is God's. Again, Christianity teaches individual responsibil-ity to God, and that man owes the highest duty to God. The Blair Educational Amendment, which provides that the principles of the Christian religion shall be taught in the public schools, would destroy that responsibility and place the Government in the place of God; because if the principles of the Christian religion should be taught in the public schools, the Government must define what are the principles of the Christian re-ligion. And, if we recognize the State as having the right to decide this question for us, we virtu-ally agree to stand by that decision. That is, we agree to accept as Christianity whatever the State may declare to be' such. And to agree to such a thing is simply to deny the authority of God and of his word, and to apostatize from the true Chris-tian faith. Every good citizen will obey every law of the State which does not interfere in any way with his duties to God ; but no Christian can yield obedience to the State in matters which per-tain alone to his duty to God. The apostles taught that we should be subject to the powers that be, but when arraigned before the magistrates and commanded not to teach any more in the name of Jesus, they said, " whether it be right to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye, but we cannot but speak the things which we have heard." The Blair bills are not Christian but anti-Christian, for the reason that they are sub-versive of the very principles of Christianity..  LET the National Legislature once perform an act which involves the decision of a religious controversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The precedent will then be established and the foundation laid for that usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country which has been the dissolving scourge of the fairest portions of the Old World.Š U. S. Senate Report, 1829. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO lee defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tendin g toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, , - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1050 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 