34 THE A 1VIERICA_N SENTINEL. to make them good citizens ; but which yet would be worn out and defaced by an unremitted continuance of labor, without any stated times of recalling them to the worship of their Maker. And therefore the laws of King Athelstan forbade all merchandizing on the Lord's day, under very severe penalties. And by the statute 27 Hen. VI., c. 5, no fair or market shall be held on the principal festivals, Good Friday, or any Sunday (except the four Sun-days in harvest), on pain of forfeiting the goods exposed to sale. And since by the statute 1 Car. 1, c. 1, no person shall assemble out of their own parishes, for any sport whatever upon this day; nor, in their own parishes, shall use any bull or bear-baiting, interludes, plays, or other unlawful exercise, or pastimes; on pain that every offender shall pay 3s. 4d. to the poor. This statute does not prohibit, but rather impliedly allows, any innocent recreation or amusement within their respective parishes, even on the Lord's day, after divine service is over. But by statute 29 Car. II., c. 7, no person is allowed to work on the Lord's day or use any boat or barge, or expose any goods to sale; ex-cept meat in public houses, milk at certain hours, and works of necessity or charity, on forfeiture of 5s . Nor shall any drover, carrier, or the like, travel upon that day, under pain of twenty shil-lings. Judge Cooley's comment upon this in his edition of Blackstone's commentaries is :Š In the United States, generally, by statute, per-sons are prohibited by law from following their or-dinary calling on Sunday, and contracts entered into on- that day are made void. These statutes have sometimes been assailed as unconstitutional, because encroaching upon religious liberty; but the courts have sustained them. In that last clause lies the clue to the cause of the survival of this fatal error which has set at variance the constitu- tional fabric and the statute law of this Nation. In 1741, by and with consent of his majesty's council, and General Assembly of North Carolina, his excellency Gabriel Johnson, Esq., Governor of that province, enacted a Sunday law in 'consonance with the law of King Athelstan, and the statutes of Kings* Henry and Charles,Šwhich re-cites that, Š Whereas, in well regulated governments effectual care is always taken that the day set apart for public worship be observed and kept holy, all and every person or persons whatsoever shall on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, carefully apply themselves to the duties of religion and piety, etc. This was enacted while the province was subject to a State religion, but was retained after the Revolution, and incor-porated into the laws of Tennessee, and in 1803, after Tennessee had been admitted to statehood, the Legislature passed an act of similar import in the direct line of de-scent from the professed religious act of North Carolina. This act, and those, which, by the force of the erroneous precedent, thus established, have grown up around it, constitute to-day the religious laws of Tennessee, and are responsible for the antagonisms which exist now between the constitutional and statute law of that State which have become manifest in the case of the State of Tennessee vs. R. M. King, and other cases more or less similar. In this hasty outline a clue is given to  the origin of the conflicting principles and precedents,Šone arising from the divine principle of unalloyed right, the other from the precedents of human error. The prin-ciple stands eternal and alone, the prece-dents multiply continually. There is no question as to which will eventually con-quer; but when, how, and through what bitter tribulation ? W. H. M. .s.  Prophecy against National Reform. IN an article in these columns last week, it was shown from the second chapter of Daniel, that Christ is not now this world's king, and that the time of the setting up of the everlasting kingdom of God in this world is yet future. It is the pur-pose of this article to show that the sev-enth chapter of Daniel teaches the same great truth, still more distinctly than the second chapter. In the chapter under consideration is recorded a vision given to the prophet Daniel, "in the first year of Belshazzar king of Babylon." In relating this vision the prophet said : " I saw in my vision by night, and, behold, the four winds of heaven strove upon the great sea. And four great beasts came up from the sea, diverse one from the other." Verses 2, 3. Then follows a description of the beasts which it is not necessary to give in this connection; suffice it to say that in verse 17 we are told that these four beasts symbolized four kings, or more accu-rately, as we learn from verse 23, four kingdoms. This is the view universally taken by commentators. Dr. Albert Barnes, who is recognized as an authority' by Prot-estants generally, enumerates these king-doms as Babylon, Medo-Persia, Grecia, and Rome. Of the latter power he says : " Tte fourth kingdom, symbolized by the four beasts is accurately represented by the Roman power." And again, " The fourth beast, so mighty, so terrific, so powerful, so unlike all the othersŠarmed with iron teeth, and with claws of brassŠtrampling down and stamping on all the earthŠwell represents the Roman dominion." But the special point of interest in this prophecy, in this connection, is that presented in verses 23-27. In verse 7 the fourth beast is represented as having ten horns ; and in verse 8 the prophet tells us that he "considered the horns, and, be-hold, there came up among them another little horn, before whom there were three of the first horns plucked up by the roots; and, behold, in this horn were eyes like the eyes of a man, and a mouth speaking great things." This horn attracted the attention of the prophet, ds no other part of the vision did, and he made special inquiry concerning it of one of the angels that " stood near." He said : " I would know the truth of the fourth beast, which was diverse from all the others, exceeding dreadful, whose teeth wore of iron, and his nails of brass; which devoured, brake  in pieces, and stamped the residue with his feet; and of the ten horns that were in his head, and of the other which came up, and before whom three fell; even of that horn that had eyes, and a mouth that spake very great things, whose look was more stout than his fellows. I beheld, and the same horn made war with the saints, and prevailed against them; until the Ancient of days came, and judgment was given to the saints of the Most High; and the time came that the saints pos-sessed the kingdom." Then the angel answered Daniel : " The fourth beast shall be the fourth kingdom upon earth, which shall be diverse from all kingdoms, and shall devour the whole earth, and shall tread it down, and break it in pieces. And the ten horns out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall arise : and another shall rise after them; and he shall be diverse from the first, and he shall subdue three kings. And he shall speak great words against the Most High, and shall wear out the saints of the Most High and think to change times and laws : and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time. But the judgment shall sit, and.they shall take away his dominion, to consume and to destroy it unto the end. And the king-dom and dominion, and the greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven, shall be given to the people of the saints of the Most High, whose kingdom is an everlast-ing kingdom, and all dominions shall serve and obey him." This little horn Protestants very gen-erally refer to the Papacy. In common with other commentators, Dr. Barnes takes this view, and asks : " Could any symbol have been better chosen to describe the papal power than this ? Could we find any now that would better describe it ? " Of the " great words," the same writer remarks : " Can any doubt that this is true of the Papacy ?" and of the "wearing out of the saints of the Most High," he says : " The Inquisition, the persecution of the Waldenses, the ravages of the Duke of Alva, the fires of Smithfield, the tor-tures of GoaŠindeed the whole history of the Papacy, may be appealed to in proof of this application to that power." But we need not multiply words on this point; few Protestants will deny this application of the prophecy. Now to the particular point in all this against the National Reform theory, that Christ is now this world's king. In Daniel 7: 25, already quoted, it is said of this blasphemous power which all com-mentators agree is the Papacy, that he should speak great words against the Most High, and wear out the saints of the Most High, that he should think to change times and laws and that they should be given into his hands "until a time and times and the dividing of time." This many commentators hold to be twelve hundred and sixty years; and certainly 