THE. ANI8RI`CAN 325 The only thing that makes-the :saloon bad on Suaday is the faat that it involves,:" common labor.",  Arid, as common labor is all right_on The—other days-of the week, it follows that the sa-loon must:_.be all right too, according to their rea-soning. If these people were statesmen, to say nothing of being temperance men, they would make crime to consist, not in the time, but in the eharacter, :of the act. ,As it is, they show that they knew nothing either of Christianity or of statesmanship. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. A National Sabbath-Crusade. EV. WILBUR F, CRAFTS has started out to 'reform the world in- general and the United States particular in the matter of Sabbath :;observance. The reverend gentleman insists that e i1'-Sunday traffic and Sunday-mails should.cease, ;and demonstrates, to his own satisfaction at least, that all Stindayinails and Sunday traffic are an ,unnecessary, and uncalled-for infractiop of the _Yourth commandment. The reverend gentleman -Would have Sabbath observance enforced by law; it make the courts a whip of Scorpions to rive the erring sons of mean. in at the strait gate . and into= the:narrow path which he believes has its terminal in the New Jerusalem. He appears to have forgotten, if he ever knew,. that the oh-:ject for -which this government was established lay cur historic sires, and for the maintenance of which millions -in taxes are annually paid, was and is not to coerce men into heaven, but to en-able them to live on earth in the full enjoyment of-civil and religious liberty. -.Congress, to which the reverend gentleman :fondly turns fOr-his much-desired reform, has no right to stOp a single wheel in the United States, nor has any State Legislature authority to prevent the running, of as many Sunday trains as the variousrailway companies desire to send out. . . . The reverend gentleman says that Sunday trains are run for the express purpose of making money to fatten the bank account of millionaires. Doubt-less they are not run.simply to wear out the rolling stock. Trains are run on Sunday for the self-same reason that Rev. Mr. Crafts preaches on, Sunday. - There is a demand for Sunday -trains and for Sunday preaching, and just so long as the demand exists, Sunday trains ﬂ. and Sunday 'sermons will be supplied, and in neither case will the earnings be refused. Rev. Mr. Crafts makes the same -mistake as the Stinday reformers who have preceded him. The questions of Sabbath observance is something with which no government should meddle. In that great day when-the sheep will be separated from the goats, he will not find a single government on trial. The Aineriean Congress nor.  the English Parliament will be called to account collectively, but every man will have to toe the mark and make his own plea to the throne of grace. i If t is wrong- to travel or send letters on Sun-day no than is compelled to do so beeause facil-ities are afforded any more than he need commit murder because it is possible for him to purchase a'pistol or a dagger. The observance of the Sabbath as a day of rest is a beautiful custom, but its eaforcement at the muzzle of a State. or' national law would be as obnoxious and uncalled for as the enforcement of church ,attendance or family; prayers by the same means. The argon-lent that federal or State interfer-ence is necessary to protect the overworked rail-way and postal employes loses much of its force  in the-face of the fact that the government pays postal clerks and mail, carriers higher salaries than the same class of labor commands elsewhere, and that a very large proportion of train crews are paid by the trip, and can easily find Sunday substitutes if overworked, or if they have consci-entious scruples against laboring on that day. The stoppage of Sunday mails would he an al-most unbearable inconvenience; the stoppage of Sunday trains would practically paralyze many branches of industry. ,The Rev. Mr. 'Crafts and his co-workers are not reformers. They-are striving to roll back the greatest reform that ever swept across the face of the civilized world; trying to rob man of religious liberty, and make him again the irrespon-sible creature of an autocratic religious hierarchy. ŠDallas (Tex.) Daily News, May 22, 1889. a  National Reformers Against the-Dec- laration of Independence. ONLY a few years since scarcely anyone in this country thought of calling in question those matchless utterances of the Declaration of Inde-pendenCe, namely, that "all men are created equal" and that governments drive "their just powers from the consent of, the governed." But now the-  exigencies of National Reform, so-called, deinand that fir se matchless political truths shall be challenged. Thus in the Mis-souri Sabbath Convention at Sedalia, Rev. W. D. Ł Gray, the secretary of the permanent organiza-tion, said, referring to the American Sabbath Union:Š do not believe that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and so the object of this movement is to change that feat-ure of our fundamental law." More recently Rev. Dr. Holland, of St. Louis, is reported to have used the following language in Cleveland, Ohio :Š "All men are not equal. We are not born equal, and we never can be equal, and the idea that God created men equal grew out of the superstition and the infidel iemorance of an age that has passed away. It is God's law that some men shall be greater than others, and all the anarchy and the communism and the atheism of the world cannot change it. Here in this country we are ruled by a government that up-holds this- doctrine of equality, and our politicians, and rulers are afraid to speak the truth because the lower order of society has a vote, I pray to. Heaven that the clergy may not also be ruled by this fear of votes." This utterance has Justly excited the indigna-tion of those who are really attached to the prin-diples of our government, but we have seen no protest from National Reformers. Commenting on Dr. Holland's words, the San Francisco Ex-aminer says :Š " Thomas Jefferson had the good-fortune to die some time ago. Otherwise he would have had fre-quently to suffer the pain of seeing the Declaration of Independence demolished by people who had ac-quired enough political learning to ,spell it out.- Per-haps if he were living he would say that he never committed the absurdity of maintaining that ail men were equal in capacity, but that he confined himself to the more reasonable assumption that they were equal in their right to use what capacity they had to the best advantage. "But when this government was established its founders had no suspicion that the country would ever be honored by the presende of Dr, Holland. If they had they would probably have embodied in the Constitution. a provision for the exclusjen of idiots. Even now, however, there is no law requiring Scotch gentlemen who are dissatisfied with the principles of our government to stay in Amerka." We are not so charitable as the Examiner, and cannot agree that the doctor did not know any  better. The error is evidently -one not of the head but of the heart; Dr. Holland is without doubt one of that numerous class of so-called Christian ministers who love power more than they do their fellow-men, and who think that by making the State subservient to the church they can rule both. The doctor ought to stand high among National Reformers. Shall the-Bible Be Read in the-Public Schools? WE see bytelegrams that Rev. Frank M. Ellis, formerly-the Baptist minister in Denver, but now stationed at Baltimore, Md., is creating quite a sensation in advocating the "Bible in the public schools. " In the course of his remarks he said : "I am also in favor of the Bible in the public schools because Rome is opposed to it. The re-cent Lenten lecture of Cardinal Gibbons publicly advised and urged upon his people to read the -Bible. Now I do not say that Cardinal Gibbons was not honest in that advice, but if he did mean what he said he was not a good Catholic, and if he did not mean it he was not honest. The aim of Catholics is to make Romanists ; our aim is to make character. Rome, controls all her people, and therefore a Romanist cannot be a good citi-zen of this republic. If the pope had his way, our republic with its, public schools and open Bible would soon go. Rome has already de-clared her intention of not only driving the Bible from the public schools, but of also dividing the public-school funds to her own advantage. Rome openly antagonizes one of the leading in-stitutions of the country."ŠRocky Mountain Herald. While we are a zealous defender of the public- _ school system, we are not insisting on the reading of the Bible in the schools. We might assign many reasons for this. One is that as the public schools are supported by a public-tax levied .on all alike, it is hardly fair to insist on presenting to the children any system of religious instruc-tion. The Jews object to the New Testament; the Catholics object to the Protestant Bible, and the Protestants object to the Catholic Bible, while the Buddhists, Mohammedans, the Theoso-phists, and many others, do not wish any sacred books teaching religion read to their children unless accompanied by such comments and ex-planations as they might deem appropriate. The "Bible in the Common Schools" is already' causing considerable friction and dissatisfaction, and if insisted on' will cause more trouble, and may even endanger the common-school system itself . We believe the wiser and better plan would be -to keep the schools free from all re-ligious and sectarian influences. Let theology be taught in the churches, the Sabbath-schools, and the family, and literature, mathematics, science, and secular studies only be presented to the children of the common schools. This is a free country, in which every person has a right to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. The public schools are the bulwark of our free institutions. We have gotten along over.  a hundred years pretty well without any laws en-forcing any particular religion on Children or adults. It would seem that it, would be better to let well enough alone, and not to get up a squab-ble over a theological bone that might ultimate in the total destruction of the grand common-school system of' America.ŠDenver Eye, July 12, 1889. 