THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JANUARY 2, 1890. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our-invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered. the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. No man can ever of right make his religion the basis of any plea 'for govern-mental favor, nor the ground of any com-plaint of governmental discrimination. If there is not enough good in the religion to pay him for professing it then there is not enough to pay the government for taking any legal notice of it in any way whatever. THE basis of the State is the natural, its province is the temporal; the basis of the church is supernatural, its province is the spiritual. The church can never of right have anything at all to do with the State, and the State can never of right have any-thing to do with the church except as it has to do with any and all other bodies or corporations. Mr. CRAFTS, it is said, admits that Wash-ington is now the most orderly and quiet city on Sunday of any city in this country. "Its greatest failure is in not having a Sunday law." But why have such a law if without it better order is maintained than is had elsewhere with Sunday laws ? Is not the real object to secure from Con-gress some acknowledgment of Sunday sacredness ? So it certainly appears, and so we believe. Ł $ WE are indebted to a number of our ex-changes for friendly and even compliment-ary mention upon the occasion of our re-moval from Oakland, Cal., to this city. We appreciate these notices, not only be-cause they are a substantial benefit, but because they show that our work has not been lost upon our brethren of the press. We are glad to know that our efforts are appreciated, and that in the final "-tug of war" very many of the papers of the country will be found on the side of the liberty of conscience now guaranteed by our national Constitution. DECEMBER 9, 1889, in the United States Senate, Senator Blair of New Hampshire introduced both the measures looking to re-ligious legislation, which he had introduced in the Fiftieth CongressŠthe Sunday-Rest Bill, and the Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution by which the "principles of the Christian religion" shall be taught in all the public schools of the country. We have not  space to notice them further this week but in our next we shall notice the Sunday bill in full and as soon as possible the pro-posed amendment also. It is announced that Congressman W. C. P. Breckinridge will soon introduce a Sunday bill in the House. THE Sunday-law question is again before Congress. Very early in the present session several petitions were presented en the subject, some praying for the passage of a national Sunday law, and others protest-ing against any religious legislation what-ever. "Sunday is a religious institution, and legislation concerning it is religious legislation. NATIONAL REFORMERS are unhappy be-cause President Harrison's message to Con-gress contained no recognition of God. In this particular it is said to be unlike the messages of all preceding Presidents. The omission was probably due to an oversight, but it is possible that the President had the good sense to know that the Lord is not pleased with unmeaning compliment-ary allusions to him, and that he abhors the hollow mockery of official piety. -Ł THE AMERICAN SENTINEL maintains the inalienable right of every man to profess any religion or none just as he chooses; but it denies the right of any association of religious people to compel those who are not religious to act as though they were, or to conform to any religious observance, or to recognize any religious institution. We likewise deny the right of the State to pronounce any religious or ecclesiastical institution a civil thing and by that means compel conformity to it. IN a recent address before the New York Baptist Pastor's Conference on "The Sig-nificance of the Roman Catholic Congress and an outline of the Roman Catholic Movement of to-day," Rev. D. C. Potter, D. D., said :Š " That Catholic centenary congress in Baltimore was a jubilee, a Roman victory. Its first note was a patan, its last a doxology. Its voice was defiance, its grasp power, its purpose advance, and that, dare I say, irresistible. It evaded nothing, quibbled at nothing, but spoke out in a voice dominant and daring. The Protestant church could stand on its platform with' hardly a phrase change." This is all true, especially the last sen-tence. But why is the last true ? Is it because Rome has changed? Nay, verily; "Rome never changes." It is because the Protestant church, so called, has ceased to be truly Protestant. We live in evil times when a union between Protestants and Ro-manists for the purpose of moulding legis-lation in the interests of "religion," as they Łput it, but really in the interests of the dominant churches, as such, is not only possible but when it, is an accomplished fact. All "religious combinations to ef-fect political objects are dangerous," and this one is doubly dangerous because the  Protestant church of to-day can stand on a Romish platform and with Romanists advocate a papal policy. IN a recent informal talk before the W. C. T. U. of the District of Columbia Mrs. Bateham said that "the outlook for a Sun-day law for the District is very hopeful. Everything is in good shape. Mr. Blair thinks that there will be little opposition this year." We believe that the Senator has reckoned without his host. There will probably be more opposition than he imagines. We are not prepared to say that Mr. Blair's Sunday-law schemes may not eventually succeed; but we do feel sure of one thing, namely, that a Sunday-law shall not be foisted upon the American people without their being fully informed concerning the nature and tendency of all such measures. The heritage of civil and religious liberty received from the found-ers of the republic will not be surrendered without a struggle. Freethought, a liberal paper published in San Francisco, says :Š " Are not the Mormon Church, the Catholic Church, and all other churches perfectly consistent in claiming supreme power ? If God is supreme and if the churches are the custodians of his word, why should they not speak with authority? That is the question." No church calling itself Christian is con-sistent in claiming supreme power. God alone has such power and he has never delegated it to any man or to any body of men. The church can of right, as a church, have nothing to do with earthly governments. The great Head of the church himself declared, " My kingdom is not of this world," and his followers can-not go beyond his word without forfeiting the right to call themselves by his name. Christ gave but ,one commission to his church, namely, to go into all the -World and make disciples; this the apostles did by persuading men, and that is as far as the authority of the church extends. Any church which claims more than this is not Christian, though it may be so called, but anti-Christian. God has promised this world to his people, that is, to the meek (Matt. 5: 5), but he has not yet made them lords over it, much less has he au-thorized them to take it for themselves. The true Christian is a missionary, not a politician. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY, PER YEAR, PosT-PAID, . a . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, Post-paid, Is. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. 