ROOKS FOR LITTLE ONES. We are pleased to say to our many friends who have asked us in regard to books for little ones that BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES, AND ITS COMPANION, Little Folks' Bible Gallery, contain the most perfect and complete outfit of Bible illustrations and stories that we have been able to find. We can recommend them, or either one, to every one desirous of obtaining something good as a gift for a child. Size 7 x 9 inches, 96 pages each; 44 full-page pictures in one, 45 in the other. Price $1 each, or both together, post-paid, $ 1 .75. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. No. 1. No. 2. No. 3. No. 4. No. 5. No. 6. Russia leather, for 2 pens .. 3 " Sealskin, 2 " .. 3 .. Russia leather, for 4 " Sealskin, 4 " 10c. 15e. 15c. 25c. 25c. 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. cAVEATS_,MADEMARKs COPYRIGHTS. CAN I OBTAIN A PATENT? For a Rim answer awngoagavhgra ofilitvyviteeag experience in the patent business. r  Zommiinieam tions strictly confidential. A Handbook of In. formation concerning Patents and how to oh. tain them sent free. Also a catalogue of mechan-ical and scientific books sent free. Patents taken through Munn Sr Co. receive 2oglictrliott'ocoeuthi3.e ttihn''37v1Sdenilo;r73. This splendid par- issued weekly, elegantly illustrated, has by fie ,e largest circulation of any scientific work ir., the world. $3 a year. Sample copies sent free. Building Edition, monthly, 5240 a year. Single copies, cents. Every number contains beau. tiful plates, in colors, and photographs of new houses, with plans, enabling builders to show the latest designs and secure contracts. Address MUNN & CO., Nxw YORK, 361 BROADWAY. The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A VIEW OF THE ST. CLAIR TUNNEL, "THE LINK THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Mich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, and connecting the Grajid Trunk Railway System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel proper_ is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches in diameter, and 6025 feet, or more than a mile, long. The length of the approaches, in addition to the tunnel proper, is 5603 feet, making all told a little over two miles. Trains of ' the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grand Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately one hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, 6'. P. A. Grand Trunk Ry., G. P. & T. A. C. & G. T. Ry., MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO, ILL. FRANK P. DWYER, -Eastern Passenger Agent, G. T. Ry., 271 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY. FEBRUARY 15, 1894. A 1'4E1011,11CA SIONTTINTIRIL4. 55 " THE pope," says the Catholic Review, " has once more instructed the Catholics of France that it is their duty to accept the republic." Just so; and when the French. Catholics have accepted the re-public, because the pope tells them to do so, where will their highest civil allegiance beŠin the pope or in the republic ? Sup-pose the pope were to subsequently tell them that they ought to restore the em-pire, where would their allegiance be then ? Had it not been for the pope and his impudent assumption of the right to depose kings and to set up kings, the Catholics of France never would have been, as a whole, opposed to the republic. THE Catholic Review has the following, in an article on the school question:Š In a question of eternal justice and right what is a majority ? In that case one man is as good as a mill-ion. He weighs more than the StateŠmore than an universe. The State, backed by an overwhelming majority, has no right to do the slightest injustice or trench one iota upon a single right of the most insig-nificant individual " For right is right, since God is God, And right the day must win; To doubt would be disloyalty, To falter would be sin." Fiat justitia mat exelumŠLet justice be done though the heavens fall, is our motto. We nail it to the mast and with all the weapons we can commandŠweapons of reason, of logic, of earnest expostulation and per-suasive zeal, we will fight under it till we die. Will the Catholic Review be consistent throughout, and adhere to the principle thus clearly stated when it shall be applied to other questions ? THE Examiner (Baptist) has in its isssue of the 6th inst., an article, the design of which is to show that Baptists are not consistent in demanding a " thus saith the Lord," a clear and definite command for everything. Of those who insist upon a plain command, the Examiner says :Š They are fatally inconsistent. They do not follow their own rule of conduct, they abandon their pro-fessed principle in many things, and have recourse to it only when they wish to oppose something that they do not like. There is no statute law for the observance of the Lord's day. There is statute law for the ob-servance of the Sabbath; there is New Testament prec-edent for the observance of the Lord's day; but unless the later precedent be admitted as of equal authority with the statute and so modifying it, all Christendom (with exceptions insignificant in num-bers) is guilty of a weekly violation of the fourth commandment. What a confession! " There is no stat-ute law for the observance of the Lord's day. There is statute law for the observ-ance of the Sabbath." And because Bap-tists are unscriptural in this they ought not to be too particular in other things! The Catholics say, "The Bible and tradi-tion ; " the Baptist Examiner says, " The Bible and custom;" and in this case it says, " Custom rather than the Bible." How are Baptists fallen! DECEMBER 21, 1893, the Churchmen's Club, of Providence, R. I., held a meet-ing at which Rt. Rev. John J. Keane, of the Catholic University, Washington, D. C., was present. The subject under dis-cussion was " Church Unity," and by invitation Bishop Keane participated. Among other things he said:Š I am sincerely glad to be able to speak to you on such a subject. Why, I believe if I went to Pope Leo and asked him if I should come here, he would say, " Why, man alive, what else can you do but go there and speak ?" Why, I know there are a lot of people who think that the Catholics want to remain alone by themselves and to bring down damnation and curses upon every-body else. How could the Catholic Church be Chris-tian if it had Such a spirit as that? The spirit of  Christianity is love, net hatred, aixd if we find a spirit of hatred, we know it comes from below. . . . God did not intend that any set of men should live in any one ray of light, but should find all colors united in the great Catholic Church. As to the centre of the church, it may be alleged against this or that pope that he was a bad man, but is this reason to destroy the office ? No ! 'Tis neither logical nor Christian. When the time comes for union these other churches will not find the mother church backward in coming into unity with them. She would rather let us make a bonfire of all that is human and obstructing and, in the church of Christ, find that perfect unity and har-mony God intended. The pith of this all is that Rome is per-fectly willing that Protestants should re-turn to the bosom of the "mother church." IN a recent communication to the so-called Christian Reformer, H. H. George, the manager of the National Reform lobby in Washington, thus outlines the work which his association proposes to push through during the present Congress, if possible:Š I have scheduled some seven or eight matters of the highest importance to be presented as soon as the way can be opened. They are like these: (1.) A Sabbath law for the District of Columbia. (2.) A law against the Honduras Lottery. This may have to be a treaty. (3.) A national Sabbath law. (4.) The appointment of divorce commissioners in the District of Columbia. (5.) To urge a treaty with China that may nullify the existing exclusion law. (6.) The sixteenth amendment, on the school question. (7.) A protest against the admissionof Utah, and especially against combining with it Arizona and New Mexico. It is believed that these are all hot beds of Mormonism. And (8), most important of all, Our Christian Amendment. One item which Mr. George must have forgotten is the discontinuance of Sunday mails. That is one of the pet schemes of these pseudo-reformers. The people won't like it, but they will probably have to sub-mit to it when the time comes. CUSTOMERS can now be shaved on Sun-day, in Kansas City, Mo., by signing the following statement:Š For the purpose of obtaining the services of the barber shop in the Midland Hotel on Sunday, I state that the service of a barber shop is a necessity to me at this time, and that my omission to obtain such serv-ice on Saturday was not through any fault or neglect on my part. " The man who signs that statement will be shaved, and the man who doesn't sign it will not be shaved in my shop to-morrow," was the positive statement made by Manager Smith on a recent Saturday. The statement complies with the ruling of Judge Wofford in the criminal court. A ROMISH paper notes with intense sat-isfaction the aping of popish practices by high church Episcopalians in this city, and adds :Š Nor is the Episcopal Communion the only Protestant body which is restoring the once discarded Catholic beliefs and practices. At a recent conference of Pres-byterian ministers in Glasgow, Scotland, the Rev. Dr. Hamilton urged that the practice of praying for the dead, "which had fallen into disuse in the church," should be resumed. His remarks were well received by the assemblage, and warmly indorsed by the Rev. Drs. Cooper and Macleod. This is not surprising; we may expect to see more and more of such things. Protestantism has rejected the word of. God and has turned to tradition, and will erelong land bodily in spiritism, which is simply another name for saint worship. But the Lord says : " Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help. His breath goeth forth, he returneth to his earth; in that very day his thoughts perish." Ps. 146: 3, 4. Could folly be greater than praying either for the dead or to the dead ? 