570 AMERICAN SENTINEL. BUT a little while afterwards the cry arose that teach-ings of a "broad" and liberal sort were undermining the strength of the church in the United States, and weaken-ing the hold of the priesthood on the minds and hearts of their charges. This was the state of affairs which Cardinal Satolli was invested with the duty of inquiring into and reporting upon. One of the results of the cardi-nal's inquiries was the removal of Bishop Keane from his place at the Washington University and his call to Rome, where, we are told, he was awarded a comfortable posi-tion on the "staff" of Pope Leo. It was generally sup-posed that this was the last to be seen of the too-liberal bishop in our country. Now, Satolli has gone back to Italy, and Bishop Keane returns to us, and is made the incumbent of one of the most important sees in the coun-try. The change probably marks a reversal, or, at any rate, an important modification of the strict policy fa-vored by Satolli. Roman diplomacy is always astute, and nowhere are the signs of the times more carefully studied than in the ancient palace on the banks of the Tiber. Concessions to the spirit of liberty that prevails in the United States are now, in order. These may pro-duce no rupture or schism in the church, but will they really strengthen it? Is there any alchemy of mortal mind or thought that can fuse together the doctrines of liberty and infallibility? Coal Miners Shot Down. As WE go to press the newspapers are full of the ac-count of the shooting down of nearly one hundred un-armed Hungarian miners at Hazleton, Pa., by Sheriff Martin and thirty-eight deputies. It seems that the miners were marching along the highway from one mine to another when they were intercepted by the sher-iff, who ordered the company to disperse, and upon refusing to do so, and showing signs of ignoring his word, orders were given to fire, which was done with the above results. It is reported that all but five of the dead and wounded were shot in the back, which would indicate that much of the firing was done after they had started to flee away. The particulars are too meager to express an opinion as to the merits of the case. We believe in upholding the majesty of righteous laws at any cost, but at the same time we are free to say that our sympathies are with the struggling miners who through the greed of soulless corporations are in many cases reduced to starvation's very door. It is occur-rences like these, likely to happen any day, that are filling men's hearts with fear, for they can see in them the preciirser of a coming storm the like of which the world has never known. It is but a fulfillment of the prophecy of James 5. Why George Didn't Go Fishing. "HELLO, George; say, don't you want to go fishing to-morrow ?" George Sellers, the person thus addressed, was a youth whom Father Time had just ushered into the 'teens. At the sound of a familiar voice he looked up from the paper he had been reading, upon the front porch of his home, and saw his young playmate, Fred Atkins, looking at him from the roadway a few rods distant. "Yes," he said, in reply to the query that had reached him, "I'd like to go well enough, but"Š "Well, come on and go," said Fred. "My brother Will got home from college this morning, and we're going to the lake to-morrow, and Iknow where there's some fine fish ing." "Well, I'd like to," said George, rather slowly. "but to-morrow's Sunday, you know, and my pa wouldn't let me go." "Why, is that so ? I thought he worked on Sunday himself," was Fred's reply. "So he does; but he says I've got to keep Sunday, and that he would keep it if it wasn't for losing his job. They had a meeting of some kind in town the other night that pa went to, and he says they're going to have a law passed to make everybody keep Sunday; and then he's going to keep it." "Can't he keep Sunday if he wants to without having a law to make him do it?" queried Fred, in a tone of surprise. * "Well, he don't think so, I guess," answered George. "He says he can't afford to lose his job, so he can't keep Sunday till they have a law to make everybody stop work Sunday, so that nobody will lose their jobs." "What makes him think he ought to keep Sunday, anyway? Does he read it out of the Bible?" "No; I never heard him read anything like that out of the Bible; but he said when he got home from that meeting he went to, that the man who spoke told them that Jesus Christ kept Sunday. He had a saw there like carpenters use, and he held it up and said it was the saw that Christ laid down every Saturday night." Fred laughed. "That's a likely story; I don't believe he had any saw that Christ used, any more'n he had a piece of Noah's ark." "Well, I don't know as he said that, exactly, but he 