Equal And exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or politicalŠThonicts 7eferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, FEBRUARY 13, 1889. NUMBER 4. `"lie An2erical2 PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 20 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL.; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL.,  ALONZO T. Aims, R J. WAGGONER, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS: J. 11. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTLI, DAN T. JONES. THE Christian Statesman says: " We recognize the ability of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, published in Oakland, California, against the cause of Na-tional Reform, and we admire the consistency with which it follows its own premises to their uttermost conclusions." We highly appreciate that recognition. We never did bear any malice to our opponent; and since we have succeeded in raising its estimation of us from contempt to respect, it is barely pos- sible that we may induce it to listen to reason on Ł some points. At any rate, if consistent opposi- tion to National Reform will do the work, we are sure of keeping its respect and admiration. " WHAT can be done to stem the tide of ram-pant immorality, which is rising all around us?" was the subject of discussion at a recent meeting of ministers. This is a question which is attract-ing much attention of late, and the usual solution is an appeal to civil law. It is strange that none of them ever think of following the rule laid down by the apostle Paul, for use in such cases. He wrote to Timothy of a time when people would not ' only be immoral, but would choose teachers who would wink at, if not pander to, their lusts, and his injunction was, "Preach the Word?" That old pioneer of Christianity knew of no other way to combat immorality. He said that the weapons of his warfare were "not carnal." But now the appeal is constantly to the civil law. What has caused the change? Is it that men are so differently constituted now that the gospel cannot affect them ? or is it because the ministers have not the same gospel that Paul preached. LET it be distinctly understood that we quote in the SENTINEL no extracts from journals op-posed to National. Reform aims. Not that we do not print selected articles opposed to that work, but we make no statements concerning its aims, and what is being done or is proposed to be done, except what we glean either from official organs, or from journals friendly to that cause. This gives those statements, damaging as we show them to be, additional weight. We propose to convict them on their own testimony. Readers of the SENTINEL may depend on it that the alma-  of  those who are working to secure religious legis-lation are accurately represented by it. And here we wish to call attention to one fact, and readers of the official organs of the National Reform Association will uphold us in the state-ment, that if you want to get a full, accurate, and comprehensive view of the principles of what is called National Reform, you must take the AMERICAN SENTINEL. YOU will find it nowhere else. Send for the first three volumes, and read up on the subject. IT is possible that some may think we have strained a point in our article on another page, entitled, " A Sign of the Times," and that Sunday laws will never be so rigidly enforced as to lead to a man's house being, searched to see if he is quietly at work. But we have not drawn on our imagination in the least, for in Belleville, Ontario, a man was recently prosecuted and fined for keeping open his photograph gallery on Sunday. We might state, incidentally,Łthat this man is a conscientious observer of the seventh day. This reminds us that in nearly every case of prosecu-tion for working on Sunday, of which we ever heard, the victim was a seventh-day keeper. And this is one of the things that confirms us in the belief that the prime factor in the enactment and enforcement of all Sunday laws, is sectarian big-otry. If the people who so zealously work for such laws, would openly declare that they want to have a chance to vent their spite on those who differ with them in faith, we could have more re-spect for them than we can when they cover their real desire under a pretense of wanting temper-ance. The Gospel of Christ is Not a Political System. THE National Woman's Christian Temperance Union Convention for 1888 passed the- following resolution :Š Resolved, That Christ and his gospel as univer-sal king and code should be sovereign in our gov-ernment and political affairs, and that obedience to his law is the only path to political righteous-ness and peace." Is it true that Christ is a divine politician? Is it true that he is a political king? Is it true that the gospel of Jesus Christ is a political code ? Is it true that political righteousness and peace are the objects of his law? It is not true. Not one of these things is true. The idea of the resolution is as far from the truth as anything could possibly be and not be downright blasphemy. For the sake of illustration, let us put this reso-lution to the test. Suppose the gospel were adopted as the code of this land. It would then be the bounden duty of every court to act accord-ing to the code. There is a statute in that code, which says, " If thy brother trespass against thee, rebuke him; and  if he repent, forgive him. And 'if he trespass against thee seven times in a day, and seven times in a day turn again to thee, saying, I repent, thou shalt forgive him." Remember, they have resolved that this shall be the code in our Government. Suppose, then, a man steals a horse. He is ar-rested, tried, and found guilty. He says, "I repent." "Thou shalt forgive him," says the code, and the Government must conform to the code. He is released and repeats the act ; is again ar-rested and found guilty. He says, "I repent." Thou shalt forgive him. And if he does it seven times in a day,, and seven times in a day turns to the court, saying, "I repent," the court must forgive him; for so says that which the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union has resolved should be the governmental code. It will be seen in an instant that any such system would be destructive of civil government. This is not saying anything against the Bible, nor against its principles. It is only illustrating the absurd preversion of its principles by these people who want to establish a system of religious legisla-tion here. God's Government is moral, and he has made provision for maintaining his Government with the forgivenes of the transgression. But he has made no such provision for civil government, and no such provision can be made. No such pro-vision can be made and civil government be main-tained. The Bible reveals God's method of sav-ing sinners against his moral Government; civil government is man's method of preserving order, and has nothing to do with sin, nor with the sal-vation of sinners. But that such a mixture would be destructive of civil government, is not all; it would be de-structive of the gospel as well. For when the gospel of Jesus Christ is brought down to the low level of politics, and is made an element in polit-ical contests, it is destroyed; its whole spirit is per-verted, and in a little while the profession of it is only used to sanctify all manner of ambitious scheming. The gospel of Jesus Christ, maintained upon the high plane where Christ has placed it, is the best thing the world ever saw or ever can see. But that gospel perverted, and degraded to the low level of human pride; made an instrument of worldly ambition, and used to sanctFy human passions, human caprices, and political strife, be-comes the worst evil that ever afflicted a people. The one is the mystery of godliness, worthy only of the supremest effort of the mind to understand, the most devout reverence of the soul to contem-plate, and the constant, sincerest effort of the life to imitate. The other is the mystery of iniquity, worthy only of the eternal abhorrence of every intelligent creature. In the face of the Saviour's express statement that his kingdom "is not of this world," the Woman's Christian Temperance Union declares Eprrons. 