(38 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. aid. Mr. Grant can withdraw from the Catholic Church; but he has no right to insist that the church shall change her rules to suit his convenience. No more has he, or anybody in his behalf, the right to insist that the church shall take her law and practice from the State. A church dominated by the State would be no better than a State controlled by the church. In this country we want neither. It would be well if anti-Roman editors would confine their warfare against the Pope to legitimate protests against papal interference in civil affairs, and ntit make themselves ridiculous by emanding that the authorities of the church in Rome shall meekly bow to the decision of a Connecticut divorce court. C. P. B. Pittsburg Preachers and the World's Fair Commission. FOR unlimited impudence the series of resolutions adopted by the United Presby-terian Preachers' meeting of Pittsburg, on April 11th, exceeds any official utter-ance of the promoters of enforced Sunday closing of the World's Fair, yet made public. This expression of the views of the Pittsburg preachers has long before this received as wide a circulation as they could give it, for the last resolution pro-vides that the series " be sent through the Reform Bureau to the religious press of the country and as far as possible to the secular papers." That any body of intel-ligent men should be willing to publish to the world such an embodiment of their arrogance as is contained in those resolu-tions is marvellous. The absurd insolence of the manner of address of these Pitts-burg preachers to the business manage-ment of the World's Fair, if it comes under their eyes, can only do one of two thingsŠrouse their anger or excite their contempt. The men who hold the busi-ness control of the Illinois corporation en-titled " The. World's Exposition of 1892," are men of practical affairs, well known, and in most instances widely known, for their ability and integrity; were it not so they could not hold such a relation to this great enterprise as they do. These men are possessed of as keen and active a moral sense as the preachers of Pittsburg. The stockholders who have invested their money in the World's Fair have without question full as much confidence in their sound business sense and reliability, and as complete assurance of their honesty and worth, as they would have in that of the preachers who have adopted and sent broadcast these resolutions. In fact it is doubtful if these preachers could have secured the confidence of so' many in-vestors who are looking for safe men with whom they may entrust their money for the furtherance of this Exposition in which their credit and financial interests are involved to such large amounts. How absurdly the title "minister "Š which being translated is " servant,"Šfits men who speak thus as having authority, as men accustomed to say to others, " go," and they go, " come," and they come; and who are filled with such indignation at the suspected possibility that their ex-pressed wishes, as to the management of this World's Fair; in which they do not own a share, may not be followed. At the very expectation of such an event, even, they burst forth into denunciatory rhet-oric. Is this the language of servants of God, or rulers of the State and kings of finance ? What madness possesses the  brains of these preachers ? Is it that mad-ness which marks the preliminary attack of the destroyer ? and is it the expression of that pride which goes before a fall? The humility and calm-minded simplicity of him who faithfully serves and waits, knowing that the fruition of his labor is in the hand of the Master, is not to be found in these resolutions. The " whereas " with which they open reads thus:Š WHEREAS, The Columbian Commission, as we are informed, has, for a third time, postponed the decision of the question of Sunday opening, in this case to the very eve of the Fair, with the self -evi-dent purpose, avowed privately by some of the Commissioners, of making it impossible, as build-ings must be begun in May, for either friends or foes to express their disapproval of Łthe final deci-sion by withdrawing from the Exhibition: there-fore, etc., What means such a tone as this ? Have they no right to postpone the considera-tion of this question three times, or as many times as they see fit ? And if they have postponed their decision of this mat-ter to the very eve of the Fair with a pur-pose, and that " self-evident purpose should be attained, these preachers, if in their right mind, would feel thankful that they and their followers had been saved from disregarding the laws of the land and entering into an unchristian con-spiracy to diminish the property rights, and civil privileges of their fellow-citizens. But the resolutions characterize this postponement as an " attempt to deceive" and a "political evasion of plain and present duty;" a "serious trifling" with the petitions of themselves and others like them; and ask "a reconsideration of the postponement and an immediate and un-equivocal decision of the question." This is equivalent to a special session of the World's Fair Commission called by order of the preachers of Pittsburg. The Com-missioners will take notice ! The resolu-tions continue, however, that if this call is not obeyed or the "postponement is per-sisted in"it should be construed as the forecast of an adverse decision in the form of a cowardly compromise or otherwise," and as an evidence of "lack of moral courage " to such an extent as to necessi-tate the withdrawal of the patronage of the preachers and their friends from the Fair. Again the "moral cowardice" of the World's Fair management is held up on the gall-poisoned tip of the clerical pen and Congress asked to preserve its morals with a money bribe. The longest two of the eight resolutions are occupied with the details of a system-atic conspiracy, the organization of which is urged upon all general assemblies, gen-eral conferences, Christian exhibitors, re-ligious organizations, the religious " Con-gress," and all connected with it, religious conventions and churches, to the end that they may " solemnly covenant with each other not to aid or abet such a foe of the Sabbath by exhibition or attendance." To their unmitigated insolence towards the 'World's Fair management the Pitts-burg preachers have added conspiracy. W. H. M. RELIGION is a matter of faith, law a matter of reason; religion is between man and his God, law is between man and man; religion is purely spiritual, and belongs to the individual, law is actual and belongs to the community; religion looks to the preservation of man's happi-ness in-the next world, law looks to the protection of his rights in this world. ŠMrs. Susan Bullitt Dixon. Sunday-Closing Sentiment in Ann Arbor, Michigan. THE Washtenaw Times, the only daily of Ann Arbor, Mich., has the following in an article on the Sunday closing of the World's Fair:Š "There are some questions of right and wrong which are universally admitted by intelligent beings. That it is wrong to steal is easy of comprehension because it is easy to make a personal application and by that discover that you wish your own property protected. Murder would be wrong because if it was right for you to murder John it would be right for John to murder you. The social crimes can be proved wrong to any one by bringing the application to his own home, which he would be zealous to protect. All those parts of our jurisprudence which relate to the protection of men in. their personal and property rights are capable of easy demonstration on the most easy basis, that of selfish interests, for a man can not ex-pect a community to protect him from the encroachments of his neighbors unless he is at the same time compelled to respect the rights of others. " Right and wrong as applied to gov-ernment are purely relative terms and have arisen entirely from the relations which men bear to each other in commu-nities. . . . " The object of all laws should be the protection of the liberties of the individ-ual to which he would be entitled if he were absolutely alone from the encroach-ment of others when he is associated with them in communities. No liberty should be denied the individual which would be his natural right, unless it encroaches upon the liberties of others. This will not be denied by any intelligent man, nor will any intelligent man deny that the per-sonal liberty of the individual should be curtailed the moment it encroaches upon the liberties of another or a community. " For this reason no matters of abstract right and wrong should be touched upon by law, further than to guarantee liberty of belief to each and every individual, and further, guarantee him the right to the practice of that belief, so long as it does not interfere with the liberties of others. An abstract right or wrong is one which can not be demonstrated in a material manner, or one which exists en-tirely in the mini. All religions are such. They are simply beliefs, and as long as there is no absolute material evidence, they must always remain such. There are many millions of intelligent men and wo-men to-day to whom the evidences have been sufficient to prove the truth of the Christian religion. There are also many millions of intelligent men and women to-day to whom the evidences have not been sufficiently strong to induce such a belief. There is no absolute proof of its truth, and Ł its strongest point is faith, which is the best argument which can be produced to show that its proofs are not absolute. The Christian church is itself divided into a number of minor beliefs which conflict with each other on points of vital impor-tance. The follower of each sect believes fully in the interpretation of his particu-lar branch, and yet the proofs are not absolute or there would be no such di-vision. " The difference between the Protestant and the agnostic is no more marked than the difference between the Protestant and Catholic, and yet while the Protestant 