TiŠTE IsLIVIERICAN SENTINEL. 115 Another element in this basis is that this transfer was made " by Christ and his apostles," and tb is the Union knoWs is not true. Only four weeeks ago we printed an official statement of the Union itself, that there is no divine command for the observance of the first day of the week; and here we print another statement from the same document then quoted. It says, that the observance of the first day of the week grew up spontaneously in the apostolic age, and out of the heart of believers, and so became -the Sabbath of the Christian era.ŠSaturday or Suudaywhich? Page 5, And this with a number of other things is said to be the same document to furnish a reliable presumption that, during those years following the resurrection, the first day of the Week was observed in a religious way.ŠPages 6, 7. And as to the authority for Sunday ob-servance, Herrick Johnson on the occasion and in the speech before referred to, argued with, the chairman of the Senate committee in the following words Mu. JOHNSON.ŠI think that no one who accepts the Bible doubts that there is one day in seven to be observed as a day of rest. THE CHAIRMAN. ŠWill you just state the authority? MR. jonNsoir.ŠRemember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. . . . Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work. THE CHAIRMAN.ŠIs there any other ? Mu, JOHNSON.ŠThere are references to this law all through the Bible. THE CHAIRMAN.ŠNow you come and change that Sabbath day to which the Lord refers. Mu. JOHNSON.ŠThat we hold was changed by the Lord himself. Thu CHAIRMAN.--When did he do that, and by what language ? MR. JonNsorr.ŠThere was a meeting for worship on the first day of the week, the clay the Lord arose, and seven days after there was another meeting for the same purpose, and then it is referred to as the Lord's day. THE CHAIRMAN.ŠAfter the change ? MR. JonNsoN.ŠYes, sir; after the change. THE CHAIRMAN.Šit is based then upon two or three days being observed as days of religious worship after the resurrection. MR. JOHNSON.ŠYes, sir. These statements show that the mem-bers of the Union know, that when called upon for any statement that the Lord or his apostles did transfer the day of rest from the seventh to the first day of the week, they can not furnish any such statement. And this, for the simple reason that there is no such statement. They are driven therefore to "presump-tions,"Ł and " probabilities," and " spon-taneous growths " from the " hearts of believers." And suet is the basis of the American Sabbath Union, for the last element in 'the basis is as intangible as all the others. And the  result which these men and associations have reached, by their pre-sumptuous presumptions, probabilities, and spontaneous growthsŠthis they will have enforced upon all the people of this Na-tion and even of the world, by the power of the State and national authority,: The arrogance of the Sunday-law scheme is as  colossal as its hypocrisy and meanness are unfathomable. This is our candid opinion of the Sunday-law movement from beginning to end. A. T. J. Give Us Rest. FROM the sayings of National Reformers one would be led to think that labor is one of the greatest curses that afflicts human-ity, and that rest is the thing most to be desired, the one thing needful, the panacea for the ills of life! How they feel for the poor laborer! Much more than he feels for himself in this direction. What the laborer wants is work, and a fair' compen-'sation for it. Every person has the right to rest. He can rest one day in seven, if he choose and his conscience so dictate, without a law of the State to compel him; and the State has no right to interfere in this matter. R. F. COTTRELL. . Shall Our Schools Be Sectarian? SHALL. we have our schools sectarian or not ? Shall we teach history trenching on religious ground or not ? The question has so far been mooted with reference to the Roman Catholics who have complained of the sectarianism of some of the text-books used in the public schools. But the question is not one that concerns only the Roman Catholics as against the Protest-ants, as our Presbyterian friends in Ten-nessee are finding out. For they have sent in a petition to the Legislature pro-testing against the introduction into the schools of the State of a history written by the Hon. James Phelan, especially for use in the public schools of the State. These Presbyterians assert that in his chapter on " Churches," Mr. Phelan has, sadly misrepresented the Presbyterian Church, and the reasons for the origin of the Cumberland Presbyterians. And it is further charged that our historian exhibits too strong Methodist proclivities. Very likely the reader will ask why teach the scholars about the churches any way ? Why, indeed, except that an ac-count, origin, and development of the churches is history, and if we must teach history regardless of its religious or secta-rian trend, why should we stop at the churches, why not teach that department of history too ? The reason why it should not be taught, is that every one looks at history with different eyes; and whether or not Mr. Phelan is open to the fault charged against him, it goes without say-ing, that he could not see Presbyterianism as Presbyterians see it, and be the good Methodist that he probably is, and vice versa. In all such matters, therefore, it seems best to refrain from offending the consciences of any. The departments of physics, writing, language and literature, grammar, al-gebra, geometry, astronomy, geology,  chemistry, hold no necessary relation to religion or to sectarian belief. But when we come to church history, will Presbyte-rians see the Reformation as the Roman-ists do, or will they even regard Luther as the Lutherans do ? Is there common agreement as to the work of Zwingli2? In entering that field are we not trenching upon debatable ground, which alike Łin the interests of peace and regard for the con-victions of others it would be as well to avoid ? So at least it seems to us.ŠThe Christian at Work. Ł Ł A Remarkable Publication. A FEW days since, there came to our table a marked copy of the Evening Sen-tinel, published at Keene, New Hampshire, containing the following notice of a new pamphlet :- - THE STATUS OF THE CHURCH AND WHITHER IT IS DRIFTING." There is in press, soon to be issued, a pamphlet of most unique character, with the above title, and which is calculated not only to interest a large class of people but to stimulate thought on the subjects of which it treats beyond anything of the kind that has recently come to our notice. The character of the work is indicated in its title. Although its con-tents can be digested in an hour, it is voluminous in thought far beyond many works of greater preten-sions. Some of the propositions discussed are both momentous and startling ; but they are supported in the main by quotations from recognized author-ities that must largely relieve the writer of any charge of indulging in fanciful speculations. The timely reference which the author makes to the legislation sought in the direction of restrictive laws touching Sunday observance, etc., is well calculated to arouse such interest as will lead to a profound consideration of the whole subject. This work was written by one of our best-known citizensŠa gen-tleman who has the courage of his convictions, and who, from the thought he has given these and kindred subjects, is well qualified to discuss them, not only in an interesting, but a logical manner, as will be apparent to the reader. The same mail that brought to us the paper containing the foregoing notice, brought also a copy of the pamphlet which the title page tells us is "by a layman;" but as the Evening Sentinel assures us that the author is " a gentleman who has the courage of his convictions," we will sup-pose that his only motive in withholding his name from the public was that atten-tion might be attracted to the subject rather than to the author. " The present status of the Church," as depicted by the writer of this pamphlet, is simply deplorable. The author's open-ing statement is :Š The fact is but too apparent that the influence of the Church is on the wane, however repugnant the admission may be to its adherents and supporters. The leading men and papers in the religious world acknowledge the low condition of the churches and the many evil practices of which they are guilty. In support of this indictment against the churches, the following extracts are then quoted from the Southern Presbyte-rian and, from the Christian Advocate, respectiVely "The churches get up a miniature theatre, mostly farcial, and ask godly and ungodly men and women 