188 VOL. 11, No. 24. which was referred to the Committee on Education and Labor. Mr. CockerellŠI present a petition in behalf of the Missouri Woman's Christian Temperance Union, of Kansas City, Mo., praying relief for those who are suffering in Armenia. I move that the petition lie on the table. The motion was agreed to. Mr. Mills presented a petition of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union of Granbury, Texas, praying for the enactment of a Sunday-rest law for the District of Columbia; which was referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia. Mr. Vest presented resolutions adopted by the So-ciety of Christian Endeavor of Lexington, Mo., favor-ing the enactment of legislation by Congress to pre-vent Armenian outrages; which were ordered to lie on the table. Mr. Cullom presented a petition of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union of Oneida, Ill., praying for the enactment of a Sunday-rest law for the District of Columbia; which was referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia. The total number of petitions presented on this occasion in the Senate alone (those we quote were all in the Senate) was seventy-seven. Fifteen, or nearly one in five, either asked for religious legislation or else eminated from some religious body seeking as such to influence legislation. The fact that one is a Christian does not necessarily debar him from participation in the affairs of government, nor take away his right of petition; but neither does it give him any greater rights than belong to other men. A man's religion should control his political action only so far as to make that action hon-est and straightforward and in due and prac-tical recognition of the equal rights of others. Neither nature nor grace affords the slightest warrant to any man or set of men to use relig-ion as a political force or to use political force for the furtherance of religion. Ł -11fr  Ł  IS IT TRUE CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR ? A RECENT step taken by the " Law and Order League" in Jersey City for the pur-pose of securing evidence against Sunday liquor sellers in that city, has been to secure young men and boys of the Epworth League and Christian Endeavor societies, to visit the saloons on Sunday and sample the beer and whiskey, in the guise of customers. For this course the league has been severely criticised, which criticisms, says the New York Sun, of June 1, called out a champion of the league in the person of the Rev. Dr. John L. Scud-der, pastor of the Tabernacle, who prefaced his Sunday evening sermon by some remarks in answer to the question, " Should Christian Endeavorers do Detective Work ?" In these prefatory remarks the speaker said:Š There is only one way to get the evidence, and that is to order up the liquor. This was a severe cross for many Christian men to bear, and many refused when spoken to on the subject, for entering saloons is essentially distasteful to Christian En-deavorers; but modern Christians are not cowards, and they realize that Christianity involves cross-bearing and fighting disagreeable battles for right-eousness' sake. Is it true Christian endeavor and Christian cross-bearing to enter liquor saloons and call for and taste the various intoxicants for sale, for the purpose of getting evidence against the seller ? True Christian cross-bearing is denial of self; and while it may be claimed that these were acts of self-denial to the persons selected to perform them, it cannot be truth-fully said that Christian self-denial ever calls an individual to handle the devil's fire. The inspired warning, " Go not into the way of evil men," applies to all. The best of men are not above temptation, and especially may his be said of young men and boys, such as  make up the membership of these societies. Vice is naturally abhorred at first sight, butŠ "Seen too oft, familiar with her face, We first endure, then pity, then embrace." We shall be much mistaken if these young people can continue to enter the haunts of vice and put the devil's fire in their bosoms without receiving injury. The " cross" in-volved in such an act tends naturally to be-come eliminated as the act is repeated. The "battle for righteousness" in behalf of others, becomes a struggle for the mastery with the demon of self within. Nor is the object to be attained by this `detective kind of " Christian endeavor" one which is at all contemplated in the bearing of the cross of Christ. For the bearing of his cross is not for the purpose of imposing civil pains and penalties upon any, but in order that the bearer may himself become a partaker of the divine nature, and spiritually identified with Christ. See Gal. 2: 20. Some other remarks of Dr. Scudder in this connection are fraught with unhappy signifi-cance. Speaking of those who had criticised such methods of opposing evil on the part of the church, he said (italics ours) :Š They would have the church fold its hands in holy contemplation and discourse somniferously about the hereafter, and the moment live Chris-tians leap in the arena and fight sin along practical lines they inform us we are transgressing our proper limits. But it so happens that we discredit them as a source of authority, and consider them a point or two off in their theology. They little understand the virile nature of twentieth centuty religion and its determination to maintain right-' eousness by positive and aggressive methods. We understand our business and need no points from law-breaking saloon keepers and their backers and sympathizers. In this language it is plainly implied that the plain preaching of the Word of God is not a practical way of fighting sin. But the Scriptures tell us that it is a practical way and 'the only way to battle with sin success-fully. They tell us that the power of the word of God is infinitely greater than the power of man. See Ps. 33:6, 9; Eph. 6:17; 2 Cor. 10:3-5; Heb. 4: 12. The battle is already lost when we have reached the con-clusion that the preaching of the all-powerful Word is not the only successful way of con-tending with unrighteousness. The language quoted also implies that " virile" Christianity manifests itself by such methods of procedure as these which have substituted the machinery of the civil power for the word and grace of God in the combat with sin; for it is always against sin that Christianity wars. But our country may well sigh for more of that Christianity exhib-ited in the godly lives of our old-time ances-tors, who had implicit faith in God's word and knew nothing about such methods of " Christian endeavor" as those lately devised in the interests of " law and order." In concluding, Dr. Scudder said, " Law and order are not meaningless words, and a combination of churches is an organization not to be trifled with." As a political power, no doubt a combination of churches is " not to be trifled with." The churches have shown already, on several occasions, what their power is when combined for the purpose of securing legislation from Congress and other political bodies. But are politics and civil government the proper sphere of the church of Christ ? While the church combination is showing that as a political power it is " an organization not to be trifled with," we may be sure that it is accomplishing but a trifling amount in the work of evangelizing the world, set forth in Christ's great commission to his followers. s. "NATIONAL CHRISTIANITY." Conspicuously Exemplified by the Cere-mony of the Czar's Coronation. THE eyes of the civilized world have but just been turned from beholding the imposing spectacle of the coronation of his imperial majesty the Czar of Russia, in the historic city of Moscow. Among all that which was calculated to render the occasion great ar impressive, nothing was more conspic .ous than its deep religious character, which found expression through all the ceremonies in an acknowledgment of national depend-ence upon God. What the " National Re-formers" have been long striving for in this country is in Russia an accomplished fact. It will now devolve upon this " reform " party, to bring the Government of the United States up to the level of national righteousness already occupied by Russia. Only a Union of Religion and the State. The Czar of Russia, we are told, holds no office whatever in the Russian Church. He is simply a pious ruler, exercising the civil power and authority for the glory of God, as every ruler ought to do, according to the National Reform theory. Hence there is no union of Church and State, and hence no chance for religious injustice and persecution. The Czar aims, of course, to exercise his power as ruler in harmony with the views of the leading religious representatives of the realm, just as we are told Congress and the civil rulers should do here. This is merely a union of religion and the State, or in other words, " national Christianity," which we are told is not to be feared, but desired. Description of the Coronation. The following description of the coronation ceremonies is taken slightly abbreviated, from the New Orleans Times-Democrat of May 27. Let the reader imagine, as he reads it, an inauguration of a President of the United States conducted upon similar principles, such as would be demanded by a governmental pro-fession of Christianity. We quote (italics ours) :Š Before the procession started the grand almoner of their majesties, bearing a large golden cross, studded with jewels, and assisted by the deacons carrying a golden bowl full of holy water, sprinkled the whole route which was to be followed by their majesties from the palace to the Cathedral of the Assump-tion. The ex Empress Marie Feodorovna's departure for the Cathedral of the Assumption having been an-nounced, the Czar and Czarina made their entrance into the throne hall and seated themselves on their thrones, over which was a magnificent canopy. THE IMPERIAL CORTEGE. A moment later a signal announced that the time had arrived for the departure of the imperial cortege, and the latter moved toward the Cathedral. The grand procession was headed by the Chevalier Guards of the ex-Empress Marie Feodorovna. Fol-lowing were the imperial pages, representatives of the syndics of the rural communes, the mayors of the leading cities and members of the various local gov-ernments, presidents of the commercial and financial bodies and of artisans' guilds of Moscow, etc. These were followed by Cossack soldiers and people, delegations from the nobility, the Senate, the church, etc. Ł As their majesties approached the entrance of the Cathedral, the metropolitan of Moscow pronounced the usual allocution, the metropolitan of St. Pe-tersburg presented the cross to their majesties, and the metropolitan of Kieff presented them with holy water. Entering the Cathedral, their majesties bowed the knee three times before a holy door and venerated the saintly images. They afterward moved toward the estrade and took their seats on the thrones of the Czars of Michael Feodorovitch and John III. The archbishops, archimandrites and tla, officiating clergy placed themselves in two ranksŁbetween the estrade of 