SEPTEMBER 17, 1896. A.MMIEUICAN 291 lasting tropic. Vast as imagination, adequate to every conceivable need of any clime, of every country, of all classes of the human race, eternal as its adherents believed Deity itself, there is a time when it is rolled up like a scroll, as the heavens some time are to be rolled, according to the prophet; and the rolling in these days is done by some little political preacher. On his lips Christianity withers and campaign sensation becomes its squalid substitute. "The political preacher, no matter to what denomination he may attach himself, is almost invariably a man who, through lack of native ability to acquire distinction as an expounder of Christianity or grace to be content with obscurity, resolves to obtain notoriety by of-fending against religion. The first duty of a patriot priest is to preach respect for law and obedience to authority. The last offense a congregation should tolerate in a pulpit is incitement of anarchy and suggestion of treason. "Rev. --, of New York City, finds Chris- tianity too pygmy for him while parties.wran-gle. His gigantic intellect, towering above that of Christ and his apostles and disciples, deliberately and with purpose aforethought, discarded religion from his alleged sanctuary Sunday last at New York City and delivered itself thus:Š If Bryan is elected two million more men will be idle, and, added to the million men idle caused by the present administration, we will have in this country three million idle men. Will these men starve? No; they will fight for bread. They will pillage, burn and murder. What will Mr. Bryan do? He will turn the army and navy on these men. The starving men will fire on the flag and war will follow. When the flag is fired on farmers of the West, the men of the South, who are to-day talking free silver and support-ing Bryan, will rally round the flag and shoot down these three million starving men. The starving and desperate men will be killed and the nation will be saved. For this nation will survive for ever, as I be-lieve we are God's favored people. " This is the language of a lunatic or of an incendiary. The brutal farce into which he degraded his office was terminated, we are told, in the pathetic irony of a ' benediction.' More logical indeed would it have been if his congregation had replied with a malediction upon him who did not bless but on that occa-sion at least defiled a temple they had dedi-cated to Christian truth. "There are times when patriotism may with propriety be voiced from a chancel. There is never a time when partisanship . . can enter a church without leaving behind it a need of holy water. . . Let the people take care of their political concerns and let the pulpit preach the gospel. ' Render unto Omar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's.' If the pul-pit observed this commandment better the pew would not be empty so large a part of the year." CIVIC DUTIES. IN an article in the Ladies' Home Journal for September, on the subject of "The Young Man as a Citizen," the Rev. C. H. Parkhurst seeks to mould public sentiment to the belief that the moral responsibility of an individual is inseparable from his activity in politics; that to fail to do active work in politics is to be neglectful of the interests of his commun-ity, and of the State. The man who will thus let " his State or city shift for itself," is, he declares, " false to his corporate duty," and " a despicable shirk." This view represents a natural reaction from another view, noticed by Mr. Park- hurst in these words: " Meditation, worship, and orthodoxy have, through most of the centuries of church history, constituted the area within which Christianity has confined its interests and its endeavors. It has been thought of as a commodity that best fulfills its purposes, not by mixing itself with the affairs and events of the world we now live in, but by isolating itself from all such con- cerns and concentrating its ambitions upon the world we hope to live in by-and-by." A reaction from this view is certainly quite proper, but like all reactions from extreme positions, its tendency is to swing to the op- posite extreme, and favor a mixing of politi-cal privileges with moral obligations which confounds the two and tends directly to a union of Church and State. "A great deal of our political misery," says Mr. Parkhurst, "is due to the fact that men, who are fairly faithful in most of the relations in which they are placed, do not hesitate, and are not ashamed, to be drones and renegades in their relations to the town or nation that they belong to. They would," he continues, " consider themselves reprobates were they to allow a neighbor to suffer abuse without an attempt at intervention, but Would see their entire city with all its machinery of govern-ment go to the dogs and the harpies without one definite effort at rescue or one distinct thought that such inaction was wicked and inhuman." The remedy, he declares, must lie in the creation of a public sentiment which will compel the individual having the privilege of participation in the government, to go to the polls and primaries and discharge his " duty.' "Nothing will correct this evil but the creation of a sentiment so ener-getic and pervasive that decent people will not have the cowardly audacity to neglect the primary duties that pertain to them in their civic capacity. Citizens will attend the primaries, register, and vote, when the prevailing sentiment of attachment to our institutions is so pronounced and compelling that failure to discharge the functions of a citizen will be branded as contemptible." The actual absurdity of this proposed rem-edy for civic wrongs appears when we descend from generalities to particulars. Imaeine, for instance, a Republican berating a Demo crat (or vice versa), firing at him the Rev. Mr. Parkhurst's denunciations for neglect of duty and branding him as a " contemptible shirk," because he failed to go to the polls on election day and cast his vote! This would add a new and strange feature to political campaigns. It is natural for political enthu-iasts to talk in this strain, because it is na-tural for each one to think that the person who puts study upon the question which consti-tutes the political issue will see it as he sees it, and that the honest person must vote as he would vote. This is why people are urged by the politicians to study the question. If they thought for a moment that such study would lead to a vote on the "other side," it would not be urged. The conscientious, honest voter is relied upon to indorse by his vote the honest platform; and all the plat-forms are "honest," in the minds of those whose views they represent. All the politi-cal parties appeal to the honest intelligent voter for his support. Each treats the issues of the campaign as if there could be no doubt that a careful, candid investigation of the same would lead to an indorsement of its views. It is safe to say that many thousands of votes in the coming national election will be cast upon opposite sides of the issues before the country, all in conscientious compliance with the demands of "duty." It is evident, of course, that the same duty cannot lead men in opposite directions. And this brings us to a truth already stated, namely, that "politics" do not rest upon any basis of infallible authority. We have no political gospel. And while it is clear that one ought to pay tribute for the government's support, and in every rightful way, by pre-cept and example, seek to uphold that means which God has instituted among men for the preservation of human rights, his adherence to party or platform represents his personal opinion rather than his moral duty. Of course, there may be issues in the campaign, such as that of simple prohibition of the traffc in strong drinks, or the abolition of slavery, with reference to which we may be guided by the statements of God's Word. But such occasions are few and far between. Let Christianity touch every moral issue in the community, through the lives of those composing it, in the same way that it touched such issues through the life of Jesus Christ, and no one will have reason to complain that the interests of that community are being left "to go to the dogs and the harpies." Any religion which does not directly and powerfully tend to uplift the community in which it exists, is not Christianity. s. CHURCH AND STATE IN ECUADOR. THE Church and the State are on bad terms in Ecuador. One of those quarrels which are sure to result sooner or later from the unholy marriage which joins Church and State to-gether, has occurred, and the Church finds herself unable to maintain her position of supremacy. The facts relative to the case are given as follows by the N. Y. Sun of September 8, which speaks from a Roman Catholic standpoint:Š The new revolutionary president of Ecuador has created alarm among the Roman Catholic clergy in that country. Soon after General Alfaro took the field against the government last year, he ordered the arrest of a number of Jesuits upon the charge that they were concerned in an intrigue to undermine the Liberal Party which had risen in revolt. Not long afterward hundreds of priests, knowing that they were held in suspicion by Alfaro, left Ecuador and took refuge in adjacent countries. Next we heard of the departure of many nuns, most of whom went to Bogota, while others of them came to this coun-try. Alfaro was very angry because the church authori-ties stood by the governfnent and opposed the change which he sought to bring about. His anger was in-creased when a church dignitary, Bishop Schumacher of Portiviejo, took command of a military force, at the head of which he fought against the revolution. Both as a warrior and as a spiritual foe the bishop gave much trouble to the revolutionists, fighting them all the way from Calceta to Quito, and denouncing them with all his energy. Alfaro declared that the "clericals" were the enemy who must be crushed, and hence the severe measures to which he resorted against the leaders of what he called the "clerical party," the party that upheld the government of President Cordero. Since the revolu-tion has been installed in power at Quito, and has obtained full control of the country, his animosity against the leaders of the defeated party has been manifested in his decrees and in the banishment of several of these leaders. One of his decrees, which has caused much uneasiness in ecclesiastical circles in Ecuador, provides that, in the event of further armed opposition to his revolutionary authority, the prop-erty of the enemy shall be seized and held subject to his disposal. This decree, it is understood, refers chiefly to the property of the Catholic Church which has been derived from the State, as the Church is supported by the State. Bishop Schumacher's prop-erty, for example, would come under the terms of the decree. It is not surprising, therefore, that there is alarm in the " clerical party," which renewed the struggle for supremacy a few weeks ago, and has refused to become reconciled with the revolution which ended in Alfaro's triumph. Under the decree, even the re-ligions houses might be declared confiscate, and the estimates for the church withdrawn. 