AMERICAN SENTINEL. 567 Political Religion. BY H. S. PETERS. "RENDER therefore unto Cmsar the things that are Ceesar's, and unto God the things which are God's." This divine principle of religious liberty as laid down by the Lord is such as distinctly and forever shuts out all thought of a union of Christian principles and politics. It has been Satan's studied effort to counterfeit God's work. He saw in the theocracy of Israel an ad-mirable plan by which he could cause man to forget God, cause man to deny God, and take the position which he, himself, took in the beginning and which caused his expulsion from the courts of heaven. Behold the man-made theocracy of the papacy, whose head "opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." This was the desire and purpose of Lucifer in his revolt in heaven. For was it not religious politics? and was it not religious warfare? Was not the question canvassed in heaven before the angels could-  take sides and vote upon the question of Lucifer's humility or arrogance? Lucifer's desire was to occupy a position which by nature he was unqualified to fill, and, with covetous heart he became vain in his imaginations, and said, "I will ascend into heaven; I will exalt my throne above the stars of God; I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north; I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; I will be like the Most High." These were some of the planks of the plat-form of the first religious party, and afford a lesson in religious politics. As the angels departed from the principles of relig-ious freedom and sacrificed principle, they lost their estateŠlost the respect of all loyal intelligences of the universe of God; and in the great day of God, he will mete to them judgment commensurate with their deeds. The papacy followed along this line, being a man-made theocracy, a combination of religion with the state. The papacy is the complete representation of the result of men's endeavors to unite religion and the state, to mix religion and politics. This is what grew out of dabbling in politics on the part of the repre-sentatives of Christ, and the spirit of it was the spirit of the father of religion in politics,Šthe spirit of Lucifer contending fOr the supremacy in heaven. From its very nature politics can only conduce to strife; it always did and always will. Human agencies are not divine; and as divinity is not back of the alliance of religion with politics, nothing but strife will come of it. When the church enters the arena of politics, she will of necessity partake of the spirit of politics, and there will be contention and strife until the finish. Lucifer contended until cast out; so likewise will it be with all who contend against God. The political spirit  in the church is foreign to the spirit of Christ; it never made converts to God, and it never will. It always made hypocrites and infidels, and it always will. It caused war in heaven at the beginning; it caused bloodshed on earth, and always will. It was antichristian in the be-ginning; it was antichristian in the papacy, as history plainly shows; and it is antichristian to-daŁy. Those who would unite politics with religion and form a new theocracy, partake of this spirit; and in the "National Reform" movement of to-day can be seen the intolerant spirit of the predecessors of these false teach-ers. In this religio-political movement can be seen the kindling fires of persecution. Already we see those who for their faith are ready to sacrifice home, liberty, and even life, if necessary, to hold up the banner of Prince Immanuel. Allegheny, Pa. Rome Aims to Rule the State. "The Examiner" (Baptist). THE determination of the church of Rome to govern in temporal as well as in spiritual matters is no less pronounced to-day than it was a century ago. Evidence of this is seen on all sides, but especially in France, Italy and the several South American countries. Wher-ever an attempt has been made to restrict the priests to the exercise of their sacerdotal functions, the "Holy Mother Church" has become an enemy of the govern-ment and a fomenter of revolution. In France she is to-day the ally of the royalists, in Italy the advocate of republican principles, while in Ecuador she threatens to close the churches altogether unless the restrictive laws against the ecclesiastics, recently passed by the Con-gress, are repealed. In all these countries the people, although there are many grievances to be righted, seem to be loyal to the government. In Ecuador this loyalty has enabled the government to suppress two formidable insurrections instigated by the clericals and their partisans. What the effect will be if the priests carry out their threat of closing the churches it is difficult to predict. Up to the present time they have been unable to intimidate the government, although they have caused some dissen-sions and official resignations. It is patent, however, that the people are becoming growingly dissatisfied with priestly domination in temporal concerns, the re-cent prediction of the archbishop of Durango, Mexico, to the contrary notwithstanding. One thing is certain: the power of Rome in temporal affairs in all Latin coun-tries is waning. "It will be no loss to the kingdom of God if churches which ignore the Holy Ghost should founder."ŠSpirit-Filled Life. See our offer on page 575. 