660 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American $entinei. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 20, 1898. THE newly formed "League for Social Service," of which Dr. Josiah Strong is president, includes in its program of work all that is aimed at by Rev. W. F. Craft's Reform Bu-reau at Washington, and more. This statement comes to us upon unques-tionable authority. THE czar has made an appeal to the pope that the latter will not in-sist on raising the "Roman question" at the peace congress of European powers which the czar has set on foot. If the powers represented are each to insist upon having the things it covets, there can of course be no peace; and there could be nothing more unfortunate than for the pope to set the example in this respect. AT Ford's Store, Maryland, where three men have been prosecuted for working instead of loafing on Sun-day, as noticed on another page of this issue, the court demanded that the men pay the costs of the trial, and in one case at least, the fine im-posed, before taking an appeal to the higher court. By such outrage-ous proceedings, in defiance alike of justice and of the established rules of law, is the virtue of the Sunday law proclaimed by its friends. THE Rev. Dr. De Costa, a well-known clergyman of this city, asserts that fifty millions of the American people are either hostile or indiffer-ent to religion. If this is so it con-stitutes a fearful indictment against the professedly Christian churches in this land; and proclaims the truth that it is high time the church should cease trying to reform men by legis-lation and address her petitions for more power to the throne of heaven. THE annual convention of the Sun-day Rest Association of Wisconsin will be held at Steven's Point, that state, November 9, 10. Rev. W. F. Crafts and other advocates of Sun-day legislation, including leading representatives of the international W. C. T. U., will be present,Ł and a strong impetus will no doubt be given to the Sunday movement in that State. ( PRECISELY what is th., significance of Emperor William's ostentatious journey to Jerusalem, is a question of some perplexity and a cause of considerable anxiety to other poten-tates of Europe. There is a well-de-fined suspicion in their minds that the Kaiser's pilgrimage is not alto-gether a religious affair. There is evidently an understanding between William IL and the Sultan, the scope of which is not understood at other European courts, and which may give the German emperor the oppor-tunity to reap a substantial advan-tage in that important part of the Orient; and a new importance and interest may be attached to the his-toric city and country of the Jews. THE Chronicle, of London, Eng., makes this comment upon the czar's call for international peace, in its re-lation to civilization:Š "The one point to be noted by every man is that if the idea embod-ied in the czar's receipt cannot be carried out, the basic ideas of our civilization are lost. We may as well throw up the spongeŠwe may as well cease to prate about civilization and progressŠfor our talk willtbe as the idle wind." Of course it will, and it always has been such, so far as it assumes an identity of "our civilization and progress" with Christianity. Civili-zation has done much for the world, but it is permeated with selfishness, nevertheless. There is not a national or an international policy in exist-ence that is not based upon selfish principles. And selfishness and Chris-tianity are opposites. The czar's undertaking is really that of eliminating selfishness from the international politics of Europe; for so long as each nation pursues its  present selfish policy, their so called interests will be constantly coming in conflict, and it is out of such fric-tion that the resort to arms finally springs. We wish the czar all possi-ble success, but we have no faith in the power of anything short of divine grace to eradicate selfishness. GENERAL MERRITT, military gov-ernor of the Philippines, says that the United States ought to take and hold the entire group; and the gene-ral trend of American sentiment is in support of this view. THE Christian Ministers' Alliance of Nashville, Tenn., have under con-sideration a proposition to petition the City Council for an ordinance which will close the doors of all busi-ness plaees in the city on Sundays, except drug stores; and these, it is provided, shall be closed but not locked. This proposition is made in view of "the gradual and increasing encroachments upon the sanctity and quiet of the Sabbath day," which is viewed with "apprehenSion and alarm" by the Methodist preachers. Why it is that the preachers and others who wish to enjoy "the sanc-tity of the day," cannot do so with-out making everybody else keep still, is not explained. POLITICS may be defined as the sci-ence of making servants of the people for personal gain, without making them aware that they are servants instead of rulers. This is not a the-oretical definition, but it is a practi-cal one. SINCE God himself rested from his creative work on the seventh day, the Sabbath is God's rest; and since God's rest could not have been from weariness, it is evident that true Sabbath rest is for spiritual, rather than physical, purposes. WHEN the church ruled the state, dissenters were put to death for being "heretics;" and when there is only an alliance with the state, they will be put to death for being "anarchists." 