CAVEATS, TRADE MARES, DESICN PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, etc. For information and free Handbook write to MUNN & CO., 361 BROADWAY, NEW YORE. Oldest bureau for securing patents in America. Every patent taken out by us is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge in the frittitific Anteritan JAN. 26, 1883. A.1V1101ELIC A SINT9PIENT 31 Jew-baiting and German Arms. DESPATCHES from abroad make it clear that there is to be a revival of Jewish per-secution both in Russia and Germany. In Moscow Jewish merchants of the first guild of professional men, who have hitherto from their financial importance deemed them-selves safe from attack, have been notified to leave the empire unless they unite with the Orthodox Church. The alternative is not a novel one to the Russian Jew, who for generations has nominally accepted it, but in this instance the genuineness of his conversion is to be demonstrated by a three years' residence in a monastic village out-side of Moscow and a daily inspection of his piety by the monks. The conditions imposed would be laugh-able did they not apply to educated and refined people, and did they not involve a partial confiscation of property, which will be total in the event of expulsion. Another decree issued by the authorities, imposing still greater hardship because applying to a more numerous class, is that requiring Hebrew artisans to reside only in towns where official boards of trade exist, the pretext being that they can thus be kept more effectively under official regu-lation and supervision. As official boards of trade exist in only about ten per cent of the Russian towns, and thousands of ar-tisans will thus be compelled to remove from the places in which they live, the result will be a vast and barren addition to the sum of Hebrew misery. In Germany, all reports agree, the anti-Semitic agitation is growing more intense, more than half the Conservative party being committed to it, and in many of the rural districts the peasantry show a dis-position to repeat the physical outrages perpetrated a few years ago. In Berlin, recently, a conference of Con-servative members of the Reichstag greeted with applause radical proposals for the abasement of all Hebrews in Germany, and more serious still, the demand is being pressed that all Jews shall be declared by law to be foreigners, and so disqualified for State and university service. The court is opposed to the crusade, but the better classes are plainly in sympathy with it, the inciting cause apparently being jeal-ousy of the Jew intellect rather than of the faculty for acquiring wealth; the movement being the more singular be-cause in Germany the Hebrew has been so assimilated as to be outwardly, indis-tinguishable from the rest of the people. ŠNew York Observer. Others Can See It. 'WHILE the National Reformers and American Sabbath Union oracles are claim-ing that all " evangelical " preachers of the country are in sympathy with their movement, and are putting forth the still worse claim that the Sunday legislation of Congress. last July is not in conflict with the Constitution of the United States, some, even some pastors of Presbyterian churches, prove the falsity of the one claim, and can see in the other that such is not the case, as note the following from the Chicago Herald, of recent date :Š Rev. W. A. Broadhurst, pastor of the First Presbyterian Church (Chippewa Falls, Wis.), peached a sermon Sunday night on the Sunday opening phase of the World's Fair, which has stirred a number of elders to such a pitch that they have denounced Mr. Broadhurst's liberal ideas and threaten to have him brought before the synod. Several elders, however, who support Vie pastor,  stand in the way and may prevent any action. Mr. Broadhurst denounced as Puritanical the opposition to the opening of the Fair Sunday, and said that the action of Congress in putting a proviso in its bill making an appropriation to the effect that it should not be opened on Sunday is unconstitutional and against public policy. Whatever else may be the result of the agitation of this Sunday question in con-nection with the closing of the Fair, it is certain to lead many to a correct under-standing of the proper relation of Church and State. Literary Notice. AN invaluable book, a copy of which we have recently received, is the " Secre-tary's Manual." It is a complete com-pendium of a secretary's duties, from the most simple to the most complex, fully explaining, as it does, about every kind of duty that a. secretary will be called upon to perform. It is especially designed as a book of reference for secretaries of legally incorporated bodies, giving points of law. Never before has a book of this character come under our notice, and we commend it to those who need such a manual as something they will not regret purchasing. It has 216 pages of matter, besides a copious index. Price, $1.50. For sale by Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal., also at 43 Bond St., New York, and by the author, W. A. Carney, Santa Paula. Cal. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City. WE manufacture a choice line of these goods, entirely free from lard and all adulterations, at the following prices:Š "A" Fruit Biscuits, white flour, - sweetened, per lb. 15c "B" " whole wheat flour, .. " " " .....150 Fruit Crackers, not sweetened,.... " " .....15c Lemon Cream Biscuits, " " .....12c Graham " .....12c Oat Meal 66 Ł " .....12c "A" Graham Crackers, slightly sweete;ad " " .....10c  not sweetened  " " .....100 "D" Graham Cracker, (water crackers for dys- peptics " .....10c "A" Oat Meal " slightly sweetened " " 10e 6.6B11 44 <6 64  not sweetened  " " .10c Whole Wheat Crackers,64 . ...100 White very palatable,  " " .....10c Carbon  " " .....15c Gluten 44 Cereola, a prepared grain food, in bulk, . . " " .....10c (The same as formerly advertised under the name "Granola.") Pure Gluten, in bulk, .per lb 40e 'Wheat " " " " 20c Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains only, a very  choice and healthful drink, in one and a half lb. packages (Once used, never again refused) 25e Goods to the value of eight dollars, will be sent on the re-ceipt of six dollars, being 25 per cent. discount. We are now prepared to supply in large quantities the small, round Butter Crackers, purely butter shortened, and deal rs wishing to handle such will do well to write us for prices, stat-ing how many barrels they wish to purchase, etc. The pr ce per barrel of about 50 lbs. is seven and one half cents per lb. C reola and Gluten are prepared foods, thoro-,:ghly cooked and ready for use by the addition of t ome fluid, as milk and cream, fruit juice or water, as best agrees with the individual. Cereola is a universal Health Food, and is calculated for use The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS 'WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A VIEW OF THE ST. CLAIR TUNNEL, "TEE LINE THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Mich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, and connecting the Grand Trunk Railway System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel proper is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches in diameter, and 6025 feet, or more than a mile, long. The length of the approaches, in addition to the tunnel proper, is 5603 feet, making all told a little over two miles. Trains of the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grand Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately one hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, G. P. A. Grand Trunk By., G. P. & T. A. O. ce G. T. Ry., MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO, nr... FRANK P. DWYER, Eastern Passenger Agent, G. T. By., 271 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY. Largest circulation of any scientific paper in the world. Splendidly illustrated. No intelligent man should be without it. Weekty,_$3.00 year; $1.60 six months. Address MUNN & PUI3LISHERS, 361 Broadway, New York City. both in sickness and health. In ordering, please remember that the rate of freight on 25 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Postal Note. No private checks accepted. During the month of November last we have added new and improved machinery to our plant and otherwise increased our manufacturing facilities. Therefore, with these superior ad-vantages, we promise the consumers of Health Foods a nicer and more palatable art' cle in this line than has ever before been produced. Write us for special rates on large lots. REFERENCES. To whom it may concern: We, the undersigned, residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co., has resided in Battle Creek for nearly 20 years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experience in his line of busi-ness, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. 1.TatAu SMITH, Editor Review and Herald. HON. W. C. GAGE, Ex-Mayor. J. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. THOMAS H. BRIGGS, M. D. BON. GEORGE WILLARD, Pub. Journal. S. S. FRENCH, M. D. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Bank. RORABACHER, M. D. Hog. W. H. MASON, postmaster. Hon. J. W. BAILEY, Ex-Mayor. T. E. SANDS, M. D. HEALTH FOODS. PURE CRACKERS AND BISCUITS, and Cereal Coffee MANUFACTURED BY THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY ESTABLISHED IN 1881. Address, BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO., Battle Creek, Mich. 