132 AMMLISCA.N VOL. 8. No. M norance or wilful violation of the plain-est constitutional and legal principles. It is difficult to see why the editor of the Eagle made, in his comment, the reference which he has to the man of sin, except it were to show that he compre-hends that which he denies,Šthat this Sunday-closing question is a religious question and can not possibly be any other. W. H. M. Fighting Providence. IN a leaflet on the Sunday newspaper, published by the National Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, Mrs. J. C. Bate-ham says:Š The Sunday paper furnishes a providential test by which we can all measure ourselves and see whether we are of the world and love the world or whether we love the things of the kingdom. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union should labor and prayŁ for its discontinuance, and give out leaflets against it at the news-stands and in our churches. So it seems, according to their own words, that the mission of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, is to fight Providence. Providence has furnished a "test " by which they can measure and prove themselves, whether they be in the faith (2 Cor. 13:5); but instead of being thankful for the test, instead of counting it all joy when they fall into divers temp-tations, knowing that the trial of their faith worketh patience (James 1: 2-4), in-stead of laboring and praying for grace that will enable them to endure the temp-tation and receive the blessing (James 1 :12), they spend their energies in trying to get rid of the " test." The idea seems to largely prevail among Church people at the present time that it is a bad thing for Christianity to have any tests in this world by which a Chris-tian can distinguish himself from those who make no profession. And so they labor to abolish even these tests which they admit are providential. In another leaflet, Mrs. Bateham says: " The world would be speedily converted if the church of Christ were as consecrated in heart and life as in creed and covenant. We feel the need of a general revival, a baptism of the Holy Spirit, and for this, much earnest prayer is offered; but the blessing comes not." No wonder. The Bible does not say, "Blessed are they who abolish temptation," but it does say, " Blessed is the man that endureth temptation." Having lost their power to endure temp-tation, professed Christians are now seek-ing to abolish temptation. And thus they abolish the line between Christians and worldlings. The gospel is the power of God, and no one can tell whether he has the power of God unless he is tested. To still further obliterate the dividing line between the Church and the world, they seek for laws which will compel worldlings to endure temptations. They will abolish as many temptations as pos-sible and then try to compel sinners to endure with them those which they are unable to abolish. They want to compel sinners to undertake that which can only be accomplished by the power of God. " The carnal mind is enmity against God; for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be," yet they think they can compel unconverted peo-ple to obey God. The Bible says " they that are in the flesh can not please God," and " without faith it is impossible to please him," yet they suppose it is highly  pleasing to God for them to ask Congress to compel the ungodly to show respect for Christianity by trying to obey its laws and recognize its institutions. In short, they expect men to be saved by.their own good worksŠthe works of the fleshŠin-stead of by the grace of God. They have forgotten that God counts human right-eousness as "filthy rags." "For they being ignorant of God's righteousness, and going about to establish their own righteouness, have not submitted them-selves to the righteousness of God," " even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe." Any one who undertakes to make men better morally by any other means than by conversion to God, is fighting Provi-dence, opposing the gospel, and hindering the salvation of men. They are turning people away from the righteousness of God to the righteousness of the flesh, which is nothing but sin. "Cleanse first that which is within the cup and platter, that the outside of them may be clean also." A. DELOS WESTCOTT. A Cardinal on Church and State. A WRITER in the New York Observer quotes an expression to which Cardinal Gibbons lately gave utterance, and com-ments upon it thus :Š At the recent dinner of the Catholic Club at Philadelphia, Cardinal Gibbons responded to the toast, "Church and State," with the words: "I am firmly persuaded, both by study and observation, that the Church is more steady in her growth, and is more prosperous in her career, when she is free t) pursue her divine mis-ion without any interfer-ence on the part of the State." Excellent, good, your Eminence, and so say we all of us! But now put the handle on the other side of the jug, and let it read in this way: That the State is more steady and prosperous when she is free from any interference on the part of the Church. Nobody in this country apprehends any interference with the Church on the part of the State, and there will be none until after such time as the Church shall have succeeded in her scheme for gaining control of the State. The church of which Cardinal Gibbons is so able a representative is now diligently and sagaciously at work upon that problem more energetically and more san-guinely hopeful than ever before, as the way seems to be closing up to it in other quarters of the world. It is the motive which has led to the es-tablishment of a legate upon our soil; it dictates the policy of paternal interest in American institu-tions, American nationality and free schools; it scores its first great success when the scarlet fig-ures of ecclesiastics owning papal and Italian alle-giance become the centre of interest and social flutter in the drawing rooms of prominent people at the capital of the land. When its undertaking, now in hand, is completed, the hierarchy which ar-rogates to itself the exclusive right to call itself the Church will indeed be " free to pursue her mission without interference on the part of the State ; " she will " run " the State. But how will it be with those bodies of Christian laborers and workers to whom she denies the right to be so named ? The fine phrases of diplomacy serve very well as the glove of velvet to conceal the claws of craft, but Americans should not suffer themselves to be mis-led into too much confidence in a conversion to liberal sentiments so sudden and so wholesale. The Observer accepts this article and prints it without comment, evidently failing to see that the sword of criticism which the writer ably wields is double-edged,Šthat it cuts as deeply into the intents, purposes, and actual legal and legislative achievements of orthodox clericalism in this country as it does into the subtly deceptive phrases of the Cardi-nal. There are more churches in the United States than the church which Cardinal Gibbons represents, and it is from them that the country is in the most immediate danger. They have already assumed to dictate to legislatures and to  Congress, and the State and national governments have submitted to thei r interference. To-day there is a religious rather than a civil supremacy in this country, but it is not the church of which Cardinal Gibbons is the prelate that rules. That this will eventually but un-intentionally play into the hands of that church is true. In the meantime the State will be subjugated to clericalism, and a broad and easy way will be paved for that religious supremacy which is in idea essentially Roman Catholic. Every preparation is being made to accept and utilize all this which a fallen Protestant Church is doing for the assertion of Roman Catholic doctrines of the authority of the Church over the State. The church which asserts and exercises this supremacy must be, of necessity, Roman Catholic; for it is the doctrine of that church and no other. Whatever a church may call itself, the assumption of temporal authority, by virtue of that very act, makes it Roman Catholic. Now that the Church has "succeeded in her scheme for gaining control of the State " it is no wonder that "the church of which Cardinal Gibbons is so able a rep-resentative is now diligently and saga-ciously at work " and " more sanguinely hopeful than ever before," for now all that it needs to do is to be ready, in the fullness of time, to claim its own. W. H. M. - The Workingmen, the Clergy, and the Fair. THE Central Labor Union, in and near Chicago, has systematically undertaken to arrange with employers for a weekly day of rest other than Sunday, during the continuance of the World's Fair. Such an outcome of the matter as this was en-tirely unexpected. A reporter for the Chicago Evening Journal has sought to obtain the views of some of Chicago's clergymen by this question: " What do you think of the proposition of the work-ing classes to convert the Sabbath into a working day, and rest on one of the secu- lar days of the week, so that they can attend the World's Fair without losing either time or money ?" To this the answers were quite various. There were some notable instances of clergymen who were ready with manly candor and openness of speech to acknowl-edge that no man was responsible to an-other for his religious belief or perform-ance, and that no man had the right to enforce any religious belief or performance on another. Among these especially note-worthy was Rev. Thomas C. Hall, of the Forty-first Presbyterian Church, also Dr. A. J. Canfield, of St. Paul's Universalist Church. The reply of Rev. Father Cash-man, parish priest of St. Jarlath's Parish, is quite suggestive; it is this:Š The church insists, remember, upon a proper ob-servance of Sunday in commemoration of the res-urrection of her Head and the descent of the Holy Ghost. But that is church law, not divine. There is no command in the Bible which directs the ob-servance of Sunday. That is canon law, and though our Protestant neighbors have borrowed the day from us, we have no desire to meddle with them in its enjoyment in their own peculiar fashion. At the same time we don't want them to meddle with us. Now, as to Sunday being a Christian institu tion, an error so loudly proclaimed, in the strict sense of the word it was not instituted either by Christ or his church. It is not ordered by divine law nor was it ordered by the church. Constan-tine decreed the observance of Sunday in order to give the Christians a chance to compete with the pagans, and recognizing it as a good thing, the 