676 AMERICAN SENTINEL. people and of the reality of popular government which now inspires such occasional manifestations' of monopo-listic ferocity as that at Hazleton. "Jefferson believed, and I believe with him, that the people have the right to bear arms and to organize them-selves into militia for their own defense and the defense of their government, but he did not believe in any mili-tary organization in the form of militia or otherwise to be used as the basis for a government conducted on the idea that it is necessary to coerce the people and hold them down with the bayonet in order to have good gov-ernment. "That is the most insane and wicked delusion the devil ever disseminated on earth. Jefferson thought so, and I am glad to have learned to think with him. "It was from Jefferson, too, that I learned to believe in the right of the people to the fullest enjoyment of every opportunity nature gives them. His principles force every man who really holds them into active opposition to monopoly wherever it is found; whether it is in the streets of New York, in the coal mines of Pennsylvania, in the prairies of the West, or in the cotton-fields of the South. "To be a Jeffersonian Democrat is to be ready to give every man his dueŠfirst his life in not shooting him in order to govern him; second, his liberty in not locking him up in order to correct his theological or ethical views; third, his right to all the happiness he is capable of en-joying by a full use of every advantage nature has pro-vided for the human race. "Jefferson thought it preposterous for a few men to claim a right to the ownership of the world, including land and everything else in it they thought worth having, so that they could say to the rest: 'Do as we tell you or get off the earth.' Ł "He was right. It was preposterous. Nothing could be more so. What the Jeffersonian Democrats propose to do now is to demonstrate it." But the trouble is that real believers in Jeffersonian principles of government are in a hopeless minority to-day. And they are about as scarce among the working-men as among any other class of the people. Jefferson was as far from being a socialist as he was from being a plutocrat. Demanding and Securing. FAILING to secure by argument and persuasion what they deem necessary to the future well-being of the coun-try, the cleriCal advocates of Sunday rest now declare that they will "demand" what they want. A Methodist minister, in a Sunday-rest convention in a neighboring State, said:Š "We want to touch legislation. We want to go over yonder into the capitol building and sit there among the law-makers with as much serenity and with as much right as do the lobbyists of the great corporations. We want to put our finger on the moral pulse of the legislature until they feel the power of our influence to the extent that they dare not refuse our demands." This is how many of the advocates of reform(?) legis-ation hope to secure what they want. And to the shame  of many politicians they have no more moral backbone than to yield to such "demands;" indeed the average professional politician is "all things to all men" with a vengeance, when he can reasonably count on their sup-port to further his cause. A good illustration of this we find in an old copy of the Chicago Daily Post of April 9, 1892, being an inter-view with a member of the House Committee on the World's Fair,Šthe particular subject up for discussion being the closing of the gates of the exposition on Sun-day:Š "The reason we shall vote for it is, I will confess to you, a fear that, unless we do so, the church folks will get together and knife us at the polls; andŠwell you know we all want to come back, and we can't afford to take any risks." "Do you think it will pass the House?" "Yes; and the Senate, too. We are all in the same boat. I am sorry for those in charge of the Fair; but self-preservation is the first law of nature, and that is all there is about it." Ł A Striking Admission. BY W. C. G. AT the World's W. C. T. U. convention, just closed at Toronto, a letter was received from Lady Henry Somer- set, of England, widely known both in Europe and Amer-ica as an active worker, and vice-president of the union. The following extract from the letter would seem to indi-cate that this distinguished lady has a clear perception of the animating spirit that has so largely taken posses-sion of her fellow workers in this great organization. After expressing her regret at being unable to be present, she says:Š "Looking back from the vantage ground of the nine-teenth century we condemn unhesitatingly the spirit of the inquisitions; and yet if we dissect the motives which prompted those appalling evils, we find that the root principle was not one wholly of evil, but wholly mistaken, namely, that all who differed had to be brought into line for the welfare of the race, and that any means to this,  end was justifiable; that to hate the individuaLmeant to be loyal to principles that were believed to come from God; and I think that if we examine our motives, we shall find that something of this spirit governs us, and that we, too, feel that where we differ, we may almost claim the spirit of avenging angels. And so I know that in your great gatherings you will sometimes pause to think that 'love suffers long and is kind; love thinketh no evil, rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth,' and that it may be possible sometimes that those who do not see eye to eye with us are yet acting from motives which are absolutely sincere, motives perhaps, purer, even purer than ours. This is the message that I should like to send across the waters which separate me from my comrades as they meet." Will this message be heeded? Will the W. C. T. U. continue to forget that it is not only a temperance union 