DECEMBEE 19, 1895. AVIlat,ICA.N 395 it is his law because he proclaimed it; and in this as well as in redemption he and " the Father are one." But where in all the Word of God are we taught that " society is saved by his crown " ? Dr. Crafts answers this question by citing the Lord's Prayer: " Thy kingdom come; thy will be done as in heaven so on earth." But what warrant is there in these words for the declaration that Christ is the Saviour of soci-ety, in any other sense than that he is the Saviour of the individuals who compose so- ciety? True, the Scriptures teach that this earth is yet to be filled with " the knowledge of the Lord, as the waters covers the sea; "' that " the tabernacle of God is [to be] with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God.," 0  But this is not spoken of men in their mortal state, nor of the earth in its present condition. The Scriptures tell us plainly that instead of growing better and better until all are con-verted to Christ, " evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being de-ceived ; "7  until at last just before the second coming of Christ, it will be as it was in the days of Noah.' In a letter to his son in the gospel, the apos- tle Paul says of the last days:Š This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, diso-bedient to parents, unthankful, unholy. Without natural affection, truce-breakers, false accusers, incon-tinent, fierce. despisers of those that are good, trait-ors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God; having a form of godliness, but deny-ing the power thereof : from such turn away.' And in view of these things the apostle gave Timothy, and all who should come after him, this solemn charge :Š I charge thee in the sight of God, and of Christ Jesus, who shall judge the quick and the dead, and by his appearing and his kingdom: preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, ex-hort, with all longsuffering and teaching. For the time will come when they will not endure the sound doctrine; but, having itching ears, will heap to them-selves teachers after their own lusts; and will turn away their ears from the truth, and turn aside unto fables. 10  And it might now be appropriately said: " The time has come when they will not en-dure sound doctrine," for rejecting the plain teaching of the word of God, the Church has gone after the fable of the world's conversion, and kindred errors calculated to lure souls to death. But destruction, riot conversion, awaits the kingdoms of this world. " Ask of me," says the Father to the Son, "and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the ut- termost parts of the earth for thy possession. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." " Writing of this destruction and of the lack of faith in the last days, the apostle Peter says:Š There shall come in the last days scoffers, walking after their own lusts, and saying, Where is the prom-ise of his coming ? for since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation. For this they willingly are ignorant of, that by the word of God the heavens were of old, and the earth standing out of the water and in the water: whereby the world that then was, being over-flowed with water, perished; but the heavens and the earth, which are now, by the same word are kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men. . . . The day of Isa. 11:9. Rev. 21:3. 7  2 Tim. 3: 13. Matt. 24: 37; Gen. 6: 5. 9  2 Tim. 3: 1-5. '8  2 Tim. 4:1-4. (11. V.) 11  Ps. 2: 8, 9.  the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also, and the works that are therein shall be burned up. . . . Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness. 12  It is in this new or renewed earth, promised in Isa. 66: 22, that God's will is to be done as it is in heaven ; and to pray : " Thy kingdom come; thy will be done as in heaven so on earth," is to pray for everything which must attend it, including the utter destruction of all things earthly as they now exist. " Blessed are the meek, for they shall in-herit the earth," " is not a promise of tem-poral inheritance, but of an everlasting pos-session. God's people are strangers and pil-grims in the earth in its present condition as was Abraham, and like him they look for " a city which hath foundation, whose builder and maker is God." " The purpose of the gospel is to prepare sub-jects for the future glorious kingdom of God, not to save human society as at present consti-tuted. Society as it now exists, or as it is possible in this mortal state, is not to be saved by the kingship of Christ. The first act of Christ when he receives from the Father the kingdoms of this world will be to dash in pieces and utterly destroy civil society as we know it, to make way for that society wherein they " neither marry, nor are given in mar-riage; neither can they die any more: for they are equal unto the angels, and are the children of God, being the children of the resurrection." " Christ is now a priest upon his Father's throne." He is now by the power of his word and the divine influences of his Spirit prepar-ing subjects for the kingdom promised him, and which will be given to him by the Father at the conclusion of his work as priest. He himself connects his second advent and the taking of his kingdom in these words: "When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory : and before him shall be gathered all nations: and he shall sep-arate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats." " The apostle Paul likewise connects Christ's appear-ing and his. kingdom in his charge to Tim-othy: " I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom ; preach the word." But our author, and others of like mind, would take Christ by force and make him king, and install themselves as his representatives on earth to declare his will and to administer his law, or rather their version of that law. But whether they realize it or not, the success of their scheme would be nothing less than the estab-lishment of another papacy. Christ has how-ever no accredited human representatives on earth except his ministers, and their commis-sion only authorizes them to preach the gos-pel; it gives them no authority to exercise civil power. The language of Christ's repre-sentatives should be: " All things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation; to wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imput-ing their trespasses unto them; and hath com-mitted unto us the word of reconciliation. Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God." " But such is not the language of the 17  14  Heb. 11: 9, 10. Matt. 25: 31,32. papacy nor of its image, formed and managed by " Protestants" who, instead of protesting against papal methods, avail themselves of those methods for the furtherance of that which they imagine to be the gospel. 1- Ł  CHURCH AND STATE IN UTAH. WITH the apparent abandonment of polyg-amy by the Mormon Church, the impression seemed to become quite general in the country that it was safe to endow the territory with the functions and privileges of Statehood, and steps were taken looking toward the admission of Utah into the Union at an early date. But, as is pointed out by a writer in the Inde-pendent, of Dec. 12, the most dangerous and forbidding feature of the situation, as con-cerns the granting of Utah's long-standing request for admission, did not lie in the Mor-mon practice of polygamy, but in the fact that the Mormon Church assumed the right to dictate and did dictate to her adherents in civil affairs. And whatever may have become of polygamy, there is little doubt this greater evil still exists. The above-mentioned writer, Mr. Eugene Young, says:Š It is a popular and rather justifiable belief of most casual observers that polygamy is the worst evil of the Mormon system. This has been encouraged by the course of the anti-Mormons in the past in seizing upon polygamy to awaken Eastern sentiment and bring it to bear against the greater evil of Church control. But in reality that thing which is most oppressive to the Gentiles of Utah is the fact that ever since the settlement of the Territory the first presidency of the church has claimed and exercised the right to dictate in temporal as well as spiritual affairs. It has con-trolled religion, business and government, punishing recalcitrants and rewarding those who have been most obedient, especially those who are relatives. How the church controls the politics of the Territory is thus told:Š The division on national lines was made in the spring of 1891. In June, Apostle F. M. Lyman went to a southern conference, called the priesthood together, asked " How is it so many of you leading brethren of Beaver are Democrats ?" and then went on to say : " This is not as it should be. The authorities desire that the people should divide themselves about equally between the two great national parties, and it would be proper for some to remain independent or neutral. The object in such a division is that we shall then have more power in the nation, and get a more honest ad-ministration from the party in power. Each party will then cater to us, more or less, in order to secure con-trol of the Territory." I may mention here that representatives from seven counties were at that meeting, and each one of these counties was soon turned Republican, though formerly Democratic. The views above expressed by Apostle Lyman were those which soon spread throughout the Territory, and were traced satisfactorily back to George Q. Cannon, first counselor in the presidency and virtual head of the church. The idea behind this movement wasŠfirst, to secure Statehood ; second, to retain control of the State by using a balance of power. The first object was to be accomplished by leading both national par-ties to believe that they would have an equal chance of carrying the State. Mr. Young then tells how the church has endeavored in the last two or three years to carry out this purpose; which, however, has proved something of a task, owing to the fact that the founders of Mormonism were staunch Democrats, and their views naturally gave a strong Democratic bias to the politics of the denomination; and the " Gentile" influence has made the Mormon people less plastic in the hands of their church leaders than they once were. But thus far, the church seems to have succeeded in her design. The Mormon State-Church, or Church-State, as it may perhaps more properly be called, should be a continual object-lesson to the American people, warning them to beware of any movement which tends toward a con_ n 2 Peter 3: 3-13. 19  Matt. 5: 5. 1,  Luke 20: 35, 36. 18  Zach. 6: 13. 7,  2 Cor. 5:18-20. 