THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 275 all its penalties, the letting of teams, and consequently the use of teams for pur-poses of pleasure, on Sunday, and yet it condemns all games and sports on that day. Section thirteen, referred to in the letter of the Marshal, reads as follows :Š Whoever conscientiously believes that the sev-enth day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and actually refrains from secular busi-ness and labor on that day, shall not be liable to the penalties of this chapter for performing secular business, travel, or labor on the Lord's day, if he disturbs no other person. It is the evident intent of this section to cover the penalties of the chapter, and exempt the seventh-day observer, pro-videcl he disturbs no other person, but as secular business and labor are specified, and sports are not, the Marshal of Spring-field decides that the seventh-day observer may work on Sunday, but he cannot play, All this is but another illustration of the worthlessness of exemptions. They are but class legislation anyhow, and if the Government confined itself to its legit-imate sphere of protecting and maintain-ing the inherent rights of its subjects, in-stead of despotically invading those rights, they would never be needed or thought of. All such legislation as this, is a direct invasion of inherent rights, and a dis-grace to our boasted civilization. We look for Massachusetts yet to come to the very front in this iniquitous religio-politi-cal movement. The blood of her Puritan ancestry still runs in her veins, with its taint of bigotry, as well as its sturdy vir-tues. The speech of Congressman Morse of Massachusetts, in the Washington Sun-day law convention, two years ago, was noticeable for its puritanic indifference to the rights of conscience, and its advocacy of straight religious legislation,, without even the thinnest veil of the " civil Sunday law " sham. In fact every where here in the East, the " civil Sunday " is less talked about, and in all the numerous mass meetings and conventions of the American Sabbath Union; and its allies, the enforcing of strictly religious Sunday laws, is unblush-ingly advocated. If this is what they really want, as we know it is, we are glad to have them say so. Even a wolf is less dangerous, when every one knows it is a wolf, than when many imagine it is only a " civil " lamb. G. E. FIFIELD. The "Civil Sabbath." SABBATH observance is nothing more nor less, than a religious business. Under the United States Constitution as it now is, any number of persons may observe any day of the week as a Sabbath, or keep no day at all, as they choose. No one may interfere with another, on account of his religious, or non-religious views. Hence, upon this question, all are upon an equality. And yet there are those  who are dissatisfied with this impartiality. They claim the need of a " civil Sabbath " law. Well, if such a thing could be, it is now already provided for by the Constitution, on equal terms with the religious Sabbath. Any number of persons may observe it (if such a thing could be) to their heart's content, and none could lawfully molest them. What more does anybody need ? There is something singular about this so called " civil Sabbath " movement. The prime movers therein, are religious Sunday-keepers. What do they want with another kind of Sabbath ? It seems as though one kind of a Sabbath ought to be enough for anybody. And in reality it is. No one needs, neither desires, more than one Sabbath for his own use. Proof : Suppose those who observe the seventh day " according to the commandment," should get a law to compel the observance of Saturday, would it suit Sunday-keep-ers ? No, indeed ! Well, on the other hand : Suppose those who keep no Sab-bath, should get a law to forbid all Sab-bath observance, would it suit Sunday-keepers ? No, indeed ! Then can they tell why they are working so hard to do to others, that which they would not, that others should do to them ? Some, if not all of them claim to love Jesus, and to believe the word which says of Jesus : " He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk, even as he walked." Did Jesus attempt to get a law to force any one to do as he thought was right ? Nay, verily. Do they indeed, walk as he walked ? J. P. LOGAN. Oneco, Illinois. To Make Christians Keep Sunday. IN the American Sabbath for June, Rev. James Brand, D.D., says that the " Christian Sabbath is in peril most of all from the secularization of the Church. There is hardly any subject in the interest ,of which it is so hard to arouse men or to secure an audience, even among Chris-tians, as on this 'subject of the Sabbath." He then follows with an exhortation to the ministers to agitate this question " till , the Christian conscience is aroused." In another article in -the same paper Professor J. L. McCartney, Secretary of the fourth district of the American Sab-bath Union, in giving a report of his work in Wheeling, West Virginia, says : I was told that it was a common thing for Chris-tians to buy fruit on the Lord's day; that one grocer said they (the church members of a certain congregation) were some of his best customers on the Sabbath; and that the pastor of the congrega-tion had frequently sent for things on the Sabbath." He further adds, that "the African Methodist Episcopal Church, Wheeling, had out a flaming placard for an e±cur-sion next Sabbath from Pittsburg to Wheeling, at $1.50 for the round trip. Ministers from Pittsburg, and their con-gregations, pastors  and their congrega- tions of neighboring towns, were all in-vited to the grand rally on that day. It was the boldest and most outrageous dese- cration of the Sabbath by the Church that I have ever known." Mr. Little, of Dorchester, Mamachu-setts, in a paper read before the Congre-gational Council of the World, at Lon-don, July 20, stated that, "the duty of the Church, more difficult and important than any other, was to be right in its practice. Some of the greatest obstacles to the correct observance of the day were the thoughtless habits of Christian people." A minister in Duluth, Minnesota, speak-ing on the Sunday question recently, said : " But unfortunately the trains are moving, mails are being sent over the land, ma-chinery is in motion, men are working incessantly, and we poor Christians are patronizing their employers." Charles A. Blanchard, President of Wheaton (Illinois) College, wrote recently in regard to the perils of Sunday:Š In the second place the teaching of the pulpit has largely failed; the practice of the pew has failed more largely and lamentably. Professing Christians break the Sabbath in their homes; re-quire those whom they employ to break it and share in the profits of Sabbath breaking. So that men of the world look at the method of Church observance and believe that it does not make any difference whether men keep the Sabbath or not. They do not feel afraid to disregard it, because they see persons who profess to be obedient to God, vio-lating it themselves." In regard to the means to be used to change the present condition of Sunday work and amusements, he further adds :Š My opinion is that if the Church alone would begin and energetically do what God requires, the current of public thought in regard to the Lord's day would be changed in six months. If preachers, teachers in theological seminaries, and leading members of churches, continue to print, sell, and read Sunday newspapers, to own stock in, act as managers of, and travel on Sabbath-breaking trains, consent that the mail service of our entire Nation should be reducing to practical heathenism thousands of our fellow-men, if the Church con-tinues in this line, the Sabbath day will not be re-covered, and the ruin of those who are destroyed ' for want of it will lie very largely at the door of the Church." It is too bad that " Christians " will persist in acting so; why is it that they won't keep Sunday any better ? But one might more pertinently ask, why is it that so many of them are clamoring for laws to compel everybody to keep Sunday when they do not keep it themselves ? Do they realize an inability to keep the day, and so ask the Government to station an army of brass buttoned blue coats about them to compel them to do their duty ? And dreading the example of some one whose conscience does not smite him for work-ing, or for attending some place of worldly amusement on Sunday, does this class of Christians ask a law to compel everybody to keep Sunday for fear their weak knees and undeveloped spines cannot sustain them against the Sunday-breaking influ- 