4 A.IVIMIEZICAN SENTINEL.. Vol,. 11, No. 1. NATIONAL REFORM CONVENTION IN BAL- TIMORE. As noted in our last issue, the National Reform Association held its annual convention in Baltimore, Dec. 12-14. The attendance was small, but as the real work of the associa-tion is done by means of local meetings, ad-dresses before churches and colleges, and by the dissemination of National Reform liter-attire, its influence cannot be measured by the number attending its conventions. Among the speakers present were Rev. W. F. Crafts; Rev. J. M. Foster, of Boston; Rev. David McAllister, editor of the Christian Statesman; and Rev. R. C. Wylie, of Pitts- bnrg. Mr. Foster is " a stalwart of the stalwarts" among National Reformers, and at the con-clusion of his address Rev. C. A. Fulton, pastor of the Immanuel Baptist Church in which the convention was held, and who pre-sided at this particular meeting, rose and said: " I have accepted an invitation to pre-side over to-night's meeting, but if I thought for an instant that the gentleman who has spoken represented the views of this gather-ing, my own feelings and my conscience would compel me to decline to take any part in it." Dr. McAllister rose and assured the pastor that every word spoken in the conference was simply a personal expression of the speaker and could in no wise be taken as a declaration of the association. This satisfied Mr. Fulton, and the discussion was ended for the time being. And this notwithstanding the fact that Mr. Foster has for years been prominent not only upon the National Reform lecture plat-form and pulpit, but as a writer for the Chris-tian Statesman. However, the doctor need not have made his disclaim of responsibility for Mr. Foster's sentiments so broad, for Mr. Fulton is reported by the Baltimore Sun as saying subsequently: " When I spoke Thurs-day, after an address of Rev. J. M. Foster, of Boston, I was in favor of this part of his re-mark {the "Christian " amendment], but opposed his idea that Christians should re-frain from voting until the Constitution is so amended." A protest against the National Reform scheme was received from Mr. E. Livezey, a citizen of Baltimore. It was in part, as fol-lows:Š The purposes of the National Reform Association are thoroughly revolutionary, as they are to change entirely the character of our Constitution. This Con-stitution was wisely framed by the fathers of this Re-public. The name of God was omitted because they wished to establish religious liberty and a purely sec-ular form of government; Church and State were to be forever separate. It was declared that Congress should make no laws for the establishment of any religion. Religion, as Madison declares, was not within the " purview of government," and Washington affirmed in the treaty of Tripoli " that in no sense whatsoever is this Gov-ernment founded upon the Christian religion." These are the foundation principles of our Govern-ment. The question arises, is it policy to change our form of government and inaugurate a new scheme; make this a religious government and put God and Christ and the Bible in the Constitution and radically reform its spirit and purpose ?" In reply to this, Dr. McAllister reiterated the usual National Reform argument. He asked, " Who discovered America? "Š" Chris-tians." That settles the whole matter. Being discovered by " Christians," it follows that the country is " Christian." But has it never occurred to Dr. McAllister that this country was also discovered by Roman Cath-olics? Is he willing to grant that it is there-fore or ought of right to be Roman Catholic? Rome thinks so. There is, however, Christianity and "Chris- tianity." The former is the religion of Christ, and does not seek the aid of the civil power to make men religious, neither does it put a premium upon hypocrisy by making " Christians " the only office-holdiers, as National Reform proposes to do by disfran-chising " every logically consistent infidel," or in other words, every honest man who should refuse to wear the regulation National Reform collar. The latter, or " Christianity," is not able to stand alone and so seeks the support of civil " law," police clubs, army rifles, etc. Among the resolutions adopted was one de-manding the adoption of the proposed amend-ment which we print on page 6; another in favor of Sunday observance; and another re-questing the Executive Board of the Associa-tion to maintain a representative at Washing-ton " to prosecute a vigorous policy on moral issues in the course of legislation." A resolution condemning secret societies which take a hand in politics was promptly tabled when it was brought up. The next annual convention is to be held in Philadelphia. -4.- "FATHER" O'KEEFE ON SUNDAY OBSERV- ANCE. As promised, we reprint in this issue the letter of the Rev. M. O'Keefe on Sunday ob-servance, to supply the numerous calls received for the same after its first publication. In the Baltimore Methodist of Nov. 21, appears what is termed, " A Sufficient Re- ply" to this letter; but which is no reply at all so far as concerns the justification of Sunday observance or the enforcement of Sunday laws. No attempt is made by it in this direction, further than to quote a letter purporting to have been called out from an-other Catholic priest in answer to his co-religionist, and dealing mainly with the question of the Sunday saloon. As concerns this, we are, as we have often stated, in favor of a closed saloon on Sunday and on every other day of the week. " Father " O'Keefe replies again through the Catholic Mirror of Dec. 7, noticing the absence of any effort on the part of his Prot-estant opponents to sustain Sunday keeping and Sunday enforcement from the Scriptures, and repeating the charge of Protestant incon- sistency in pursuing a course contrary to the example of Christ and the apostles, and to the teaching of that Book which Protestantism proclaims its only guide in spiritual things. Referring to this fellow-priest, whom he deemed such only in pretension, he says :Š What living Catholic priest is there who does not know that Protestantism has, contrary to its funda-mental principles, abandoned its sole acknowledged teacher, the Bible, on the Sabbath question, and, guilty of a double apostacy, gone over, bag and baggage, to the teaching and practice of the Catholic Church? In putting the question, I must make honorable excep-tion. I refer to the Seventh-day Adventists. They are the only consistent Protestants on earth. They follow the teachings of their Bible by keeping the Sabbath enjoined by God and their acknowledged guide, only to be fined, punished and imprisoned by their fellow-Protestants even in the State of Maryland, for their consistency, whilst their prosecutors have shamefully abandoned the very principles for which they punish them. " Father" O'Keefe is not the only Catholic who has pointed to seventh-day observers as the only consistent Protestants. "Father " Elliott, a " Paulist " priest, who has come into close contact with the former in Michi-gan and elsewhere, while he bitterly denounced them, said he thanked God that consistent Protestantism was narrowed down to one small sect. As stated elsewhere, we are not in sym-pathy with the manner of expression used by " Father" O'Keefe in his arraignment of in-consistent Protestants. We have no sym-pathy with anything like a spirit of bitterness or railing, and prefer to see the truth stated free from any mixture of this kind. We published his letter because it emphasizes, by the testimony of a Roman Catholic through the organ of Cardinal Gibbons, a truth which every Protestant ought to know; namely, that the Bible gives no sanction to Sunday keeping or Sunday enforcement, and that consistent Protestantism is therefore separate from either one. As a testimony to this truth, we trust it will serve a useful purpose. TOO FEW TO HAVE RIGHTS. SUCH is the meaning of the decision ren-dered by the British Home Secretary (London), in the case of the International Tract Society, located on Holloway Road, in that city, the prosecutions of which for Sunday labor we have several times mentioned. Recently the society addressed to the Home Secretary the following appeal:Š The Board of Directors of the International Tract Society, Limited, beg respectfully that you will allow them to call your attention to the following facts, showing the operation of the Sunday clause in the Factory Act in the case of our printing works, situated at 451 Holloway Road, N. By the seizure of machinery and material to satisfy fines imposed for allowing certain women and young persons to work on Sunday we are compelled to close the factory. For six years in our present factory our work was allowed to proceed without interference. Visiting in-spectors recognized the fact that the spirit of the Act was complied with, and that the violation was only technical. We being observers of the seventh day of the week, and all our employes being of like faith, our works have been entirely closed on the Sabbath, and opened on Sunday. Further, had we been able conscientiously to sign the Jewish exemption form, we might have continued without interference. But we are ChristiansŠthe International Tract Society, Limited, being one of the publishing branches of the Seventh day Adventist denominationŠand cannot truthfully enter ourselves as Jews under the Act. Thus the administration of the law discriminates against us as Christians, forbid-ding that which would be allowed us did we falsely declare ourselves Jews. We have not been contending for our rights nor for our convenience in doing business. But God's right to our obedience to the fourth commandment is not ours to surrender, nor can we obey that command-ment to keep the Sabbath holy and at the same time keep the SundayŠan institution established by human authority in opposition to the SabbathŠeven as we could not serve God and at the same time recog-nize other gods. In effect the law has sought to compel us to recognize a religious institution which loyalty to the law of God requires that we should not observe. We acknowledge the uniform courtesy of her maj-esty's inspectors who have taken this new departure regarding our relation to the Factory Act, but we have felt it not disrespectful to address you this note of re-monstrance against the action of a law by which the work of our factory is stopped and our factory em-ployes deprived of this means of earning a livelihood. In the act these are named as " protected persons," but by the operation of the act they have been shut out from their work. We respectfully submit that this is an injustice not contemplated by the framers of the act. This appeal was published in the London Daily Graphic, of Dec. 5, from which we take it. In the Graphic of Dec. 17, appears the following reply from the Home Secre-tary:Š Whitehall, 13th Dec., 1895. Sin,ŠWith reference to your letter of the 1st inst.. drawing attention to the operation of Section 21 of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1878, in as far as it af-fects the printing works of the International Trsct Society at 451 Holloway Road, I am directed by the Secretary of State to acquaint you that the matter has already received his very careful consideration; but, as the law at present stands, the Seventh-day Advent- 