$1.50, - 1.25. ($2) 8s. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 327 selves on record, for political purposes, as being in favor of the 'Christian Sabbath' ? " The precedent is a dangerous one. Once let the question as to Christianity come before Congress; and who does not see that there is definite danger that a majority of senators and representatives will vote that Christianity is the law of the land, that this is a Christian Nation, and that we are bound to support by law Christian principles and to forbid unchristian practices ? "If, through inadvertence, we have slipped away from our well-defended post, let us make haste to renew our vigilance, There can be no doubt that every advocate of 'Christianity in the Constitution' has taken courage at his success in vindicating the honor of the 'Christian Sabbath' by voting a re-striction on the loan granted to the Columbian Ex-position. There can be no doubt that the next step will be taken with greater confidence and more hope of success. It is equally certain that, to make our influence felt, we must not merely support the legislation that we like, and oppose that which is not of our way thinking, but we must resist all legislation which has the slightest tendency to limit religious liberty in belief, spirit, and practice, Let us remember that it was Anne Hutchinson's fruit-ful maxim, 'No man a delinquent on account of creed,' which put the spirit and letter of religious liberty into the Massachusetts Bill of Rights and the Constitution of the Commonwealth." THE Baptist ministers of the city of Chicago, in their Conference held Monday, October 3, passed resolutions endorsing the action of Congress in re-gard to requiring the gates of the Exposition to be closed on Sunday, and protesting against the repeal of the same by that body, when it shall again as-semble. Mayor Washburne and other prominent citizens, were severely censured for their opposi-tion to the Sunday closing act. It was noticeable that the Conference was not a unit, although the vote was declared to be unanimous. Some left be-fore the vote was reached, and many that were present did not vote on either side. There were about sixty ministers at the Confer-ence. This is the first action this Conference has taken in favor of Sunday legislation. About one year ago, the same body had a similar matter under consideration, which provoked an animated discus-sion, in the course of which a prominent minister solemnly arose, shaking his arms, saying, " I im-agine I can again hear the chains rattling on the arms of conscientious Baptist ministers." These ministers are the representatives of the church that in the days of Cotton Mather, declared that it was not within the realm of the State to enforce obedience to any one of the first four com-mands of the Decalogue, for the reason that they alone related to man's duty to his God. CONGRESSMAN HEMPHILL is Mayor of Atlanta; he is also Chairman of the House Committee on the District of Columbia, which, during the last session of Congress, reported favorably to the House the bill to prohibit the sale and delivery of ice on Sunday in the District of Columbia, as well as the provision punishing profanity in the Dis-trict. It seems that as Mayor of Atlanta Mr. Hemp-hill is keeping up the record made in Congress on this question. Not long ago the Atlanta City Council passed an ordinance allowing the Atlanta Parcel and Express Company to deliver ice cream and such commodities on Sunday. This measure Mayor Hemphill promptly vetoed. There was a ground upon which this measure should have been vetoed ; it was not upon this ground, however, that Mr. Hemphill's veto was based. The Atlanta City Council has no right to say that the parcel delivery shall or shall not serve its customers on Sunday, any more than on any other day. If the veto had stated this and called for the repeal of other existing similar ordinances it would have taken the proper position ; not other-wise. THE PILGRIM'S PROGRESS BY JOHN BUNYAN. Royal Octavo Edition in large type, and contains over 00 illustrations, 50 of which are full page. Cloth, with side stamp in ink and gold, $1.00. SOCIAL PURITY. BY J. H KELLOGG, M. D. Just from the press, a new and attractive edition of this popular little work, carefully re-vised, and with much fresh, excellent matter added. This is not a dry, dull homily, which will be thrown down by the reader before the middle of the first page is reached, but a live, vigorous, and " telling" little work, written in the interests of pure morals and worthy citizenship. Nothing more chaste, concise, and effective in the line of social purity literature has ever been written. The special attention of all social purity organizations throughout the country is called to this work. Between one and two hundred thou-sand copies are already sold. Order largely and scatter widely, if you would preach to the people the gospel of clean living. 82 pages; single copy, 25 cents. Write for special terms per 100 on large orders. CRUDEN'S CONCOR DANCE, A DICTIONARY, And Alphabetical Index TO THE BIBLE, Cloth, $1.25. Sheep, $2.50. Complete Dictionary OF SYNONYMS AND ANTONYMS. BY RIGHT REV. SAMUEL FALLOWS, A. M., D. D. With an appendix, embracing a dictionary of Briticisms, Americanisms, colloquial phrases, etc., in current use; the grammatical uses of prepositions and prepositions discrim-inated; a list of homonyms and homophonous words; a collec-tion of foreign phrases, and a complete list of abbreviations and contractions used in writing and printing. 512 pages, cloth, $1.00. REVELL'S IMPERIAL GLOBE ATLAS JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of Erro-mangaŠBy Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. CM-The above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING,  COMPANY. 12th & Castro Streets, OAKLAND, CALI. USEFUL AND INTERESTING BOOKS FOR BOTH OLD AND NEW SUBSCRIBERS. We will send the Signs of the Times one year, with your choice of either one of the following books, post-paid, for $2.00: PROPHETIC LIGHTS, by E. J. WAG-GONER, Prophecies of the Old and New Testaments, interpreted by the Bible and history, Paper bound, 180 pages, handsomely illustrated. HISTORICAL SKETCHES OF FOR-EIGN MISSIONS of Seventh-day Adventists, with maps showing location of churches, etc., 294 pages, paper binding. LIFE AND WORDS OF CHRIST, by C. GEIKIE, D. D. This is a cheap edition, contains over 800 pages, and is bound in cloth. Every library ought to contain these interesting and instructive books. The signs of the Times is a 16-page weekly religious journal, and will be furnished at the following prices of subscription: Single copy, one year, post-paid, - - In clubs of 10 and over to one address, - To foreign countries in Postal Union, - Address SIGNS OF THE TIMES, 12th and Castro Sts., Oakland, Cal. U. S. A FOUND AT. LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of al words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories, letters of intro- duction and recommendation, definitions of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni- versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- dums. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in com-mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed; it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter e at the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed or ing; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 50 cents. Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press Publishing Co., 43 Bond St., New York City. The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A VIEW OF THE ST. CLAIR TUNNEL, "THE LINK THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Mich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, and connecting the Grand Trunk Railway System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel proper is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches in diameter, and 6025 feet, or more than a mile, long. The length of the approaches, in addition to the tunnel proper, is 5603 feet, making all told a little over two miles. Trains of the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grand Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately one hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, G. P. A. Grand Trunk Ry., G. P. & P. A. C. & G. T. By., MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO, ILL. FRANK P. DWYER, Eastern Passenger Agent, G. T. Ry., 271 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY Of modern and ancient geography. Contain-ing 33 imperial quarto maps, with an index of 20,000 names. Size of page, 12 x 14. F u 11 cloth, $1.00. 43 Bond Street, Dhow YORK. 