AMERICAN SENTINEL. 511 Be Careful How You Speak. BY T. R. WILLIAMSON. CHILDREN and fools, they say, will tell the truth, Heedless of what befalls of wrong or ruth. And many folks there be in every street Ready to talk small truth to all they meet. Live and let live are words that rule the wise. Endeavor so that truth, or e'en surmise, Shall neither seem to flow from off your tongue Mingled with spite 'gainst any, old or young. I say that even truth had better be Left tongueless oft than told in gossip free. Tell what is simply, what is fairly, true. Owe all men friendliness and pay it too. Ne'er think it wise to utter all you know. When folks do that they soon to lying go. A fool's tongue, and a child's, are unrestrained. If we of older growth have no more gained Than to take them for models, surely then, Earth needs a nobler, manlier, race of men. 1, Iv -11-4 "Ye Shall Be as Gods." "MAMA, Satan not only told Eve that she should not surely die, but that `ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.' Of course, if we were to be as gods, we would not die." "No. In heaven Lucifer would not acknowledge that God was more than he himself was; he flattered himself that he himself was divine power, and that all he needed was opportunity to develop it, and be as the Most High. In telling man he should be as God, he breathed into him the ambition that had caused his own expulsion from heaven. Ever since then man has thought there was something divine in him independent of God, and that something divine could therefore be originated by him. This idea led him to become a wor-shiper of himself, to make his own religion, and give to the machinery of civil power, the authority to enforce the theories of the majority, or the stronger, on the weaker. As God is love, and can only be worshiped through the faith that works by love, of course the manŁ made worship, thrust on souls by force, could only be against God, and disastrous to men. How disastrous, we shall never know till the books are opened." "Mama, the boys who think lots of themselves, wtio  have what we call the `big head,' always want the other fellows to do just as they say." " That's it, Charlie, self-exaltation leads to the stamping out of individuality, and to monopoly. Even on the play ground, the principle finds illustration. Your selfish boy generally wants and gets supremacy. The outcome of it in the world is a one-man powerŠthe papacy. In the universe it would be the overthrow of God's throne, and the supremacy of Satan." "What makes the boys on the play ground give up to the selfish boy ?" "Some of them are afraid of getting into trouble, if they don't. If you are not as strong as he is, you'd better skip out, or come to terms." "Then it's a government of fear. That's what it was in the dark ages, and men lost their manhood. They had to sneak and quail and cringe. In order to keep in favor with the strong, they had to spy and report and hunt and torture those who were out of sympathy with the principle. Men who in heart hated the management, through fear, pretended to be in favor of it. No one dared to speak a new thought or manifest any unusual ability ; for a government founded in fear is sustained and enforced through jealousy. So the ages became black, and even God's word was- said to 'proph-ecy in sackcloth,' because its advocates were in danger of losing their lives, if suspected; superstition ran rife, and the good, the simple-hearted, the talented, were looked upon with suspicion, and many of them were burned as witches. This is the degradation to which man comes who believes he is as God, and seeks for God-like su-premacy in enforcing his ideas and plans on others." "But away down deep in his heart, mama, can any man believe he is divine ? " "No, Charlie, not unless he is wholly given up to the devil. Many of these very men who became so lifted up, submitted to, or originated, the cruelest sort of punish-ment for sin in themselves and others. They sought to make atonement for themselves. Refusing to be justified by faith in the Redeemer of the world, they tried to justify themselves. But the wearing of hair shirts, walk-ing on peas doing penance, lacerating the flesh with iron points, walking up Pilate's stairs on their knees, fasting, praying, all seemed to fall short of the penalty deserved. However, this fostered spiritual pride. People looked with wonder and admiration on those who endured most suffering from themselves, and gave them the title of saint. Then it angered them to hear that all this suffer-ing was vain, and aroused their enmity against those who trusted in the merits of Jesus, and rested in the love of God, who were justified by faith. They were deter-mined to make the followers of Christ suffer as they had suffered themselves. Their self-inflicted sufferings made them cruel." " But, mama, were they satisfied ? " "0, no, Charlie; self-justification never satisfies. The Catholics all expect to spend some time in purgatory. 