36 C.A.N Vol,. 11, No. 5 Constitution itself. God himself can't get into the Constitution except the American people put him in there by constitutional amendment." It does not speak well for the Statesman party that they have to take up the logic of infidels respecting Christianity, rather than that of persons who have experienced Chris-tianity and know what it is. It is very true that no decision of the Supreme Court, or act of Congress, or of the President, can make this a Christian nation, any more than a vote of the Presbyterian General Assembly in favor of the doctrine of infant damnation could send infants to the place of torment. And it is equally true that this Government cannot be made Christian by an amendment to the Constitution, nor can the Constitution itself be Christianized by any such means. The Constitution is not " secular " in the sense of being opposed to God and Christianity, but only in the sense of being, from the nature of the purpose it is designed to serve, necessarily outside the sphere of moral belief and action. The idea that God can be "put into" the Constitution by a vote and a change in its wording may be harmonious with the infidel conception of God, but is nevertheless little short of blasphemy. How is an individual Christianized ? Jesus tells us it is by being "born again." "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God." John 3: 3-5. It is left for these would-be reformers to discover a new way of becoming Christian; namely, by a vote of the people. Or do they think that the State will thus be "born again" "of water and of the Spirit," thus to become fitted for eternal existence in the kingdom of God ? We are glad that the illustrious men who framed the Constitution and reared the fabric of our commonwealth, overlooked the "facts" which the " Christian amendment" party are trying to force their descendants to recognize. CHRISTIANITY AND CITIZENSHIP. SOME pertinent questions which have arisen in the discussion of this subject are considered in the Christian Work, of January 16, by President Merrill Gates, of Amherst College. The attitude of " a few very earnest and well-meaning persons," who affirm "that in pro-portion as a man is interested in the building up of the Church of Christ, in just that pro-portion he will hold aloof as far as possible from all civic and political relations " is dis-cussed, together with the oft-quoted words, of our Saviour, " Render therefore unto Owsar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's;" and the conclusion is drawn that " the whole spirit of the teaching of Christ is directly against the ignoring or the evasion of this responsibility divinely laid upon each citizen to see to it, so far as in him lies, that in proportion as the Spirit of Christ dwells in him, the life of the community in which he lives shall be cleaner, more law-abiding and nobler." This conclusion touches a point which needs to be carefully considered in the light of both reason and revelation, if we would avoid con-fusion and error. The vital question is, By what means is the Christian to discharge this responsibility to elevate the community in which he lives ? There can be no doubt that the responsi-bility exists; but the methods advocated by some for accomplishing the desired result are open to serious question. In the first place, it should be noted that no one who really possesses the Spirit of Christ will be inclined to ignore or evade this  responsibility. The whole tendency of the life of Christ on earth was to elevate, ennoble, make more law-abiding and peaceful, the community which was favored with his pres-ence. No person ever accomplished more in this direction than did he; and as he did, so also his professed disciples may and should do. " He that believeth on me," said Jesus, " the works that I do shall he do also." John 14: 12. The Spirit of Christ never lies dor-mant in any person. If it is possessed at all, it will control the life of its possessor in har-mony with the will of God. And he who walks not as Christ walked, gives evidence by his life that the Spirit of Christ is not in him. It is not law, nor the enforcement of law, that preserves order and peace in this world, so much as it is the love of order and peace which is implanted in the minds of the vast majority of the people. In other words, the people generally, in this country at least, prefer to live peaceably and orderly rather than to lead the lives of criminals. And this natural preference is due to the restraining influences of the Spirit of Christ, which are felt more or less fully in every heart. Were the Spirit of Christ withdrawn from the earth, law would be a mockery, and enforce-ment of law a meaningless phrase. Yet civil government, with its legislative, judicial, ani executive departments, is a ne-cessity in this world, and Christians are bound to conduct themselves consistently with its proper maintenance. " The powers that be are ordained of God," and all earthly power that is exercised to secure justice and preserve human rights, should have the support of every lover of justice and humanity. They should refuse to support only such exercise of civil power as is contrary to right, and a perversion of the power ordained of God. No universal rule can, however, be laid down defining the duty of individuals in this respect. What course of action will, in any particular case, meet the requirements of truth and justice, is to be determined by an enlightened and conscientious judgment from the circumstances of the situation. The Christian has before him not only his own rights and those of others like himself, but the rights of God,ŠHis right to be properly represented before his creatures here, and to have their loving service throughout all ages. The Christian's outlook is a vastly wider one than that of her men, and considerations drawn from it must often oblige him to refuse support to things which seem quite proper from a narrower point of view. The danger of the prevailing idea of Chris-tian citizenship lies idthe common tendency to exercise power, when it is secured, not simply for the maintenance of human rights, but for the advancementŠas it is deemedŠof Chris-tian customs and institutions. The plea that such institutions should have the support of legislation is a very plausible one, and appeals strongly to the uninstructed. mind. The pro-ject of making Christianity, in fact as well as in name, the "common law of the land," seems most laudable to very many who do not know or do not stop to consider that Chris-tianity is a life, and not a form of words. We would that all our legislators, judges, and executives were Christians both in name and in truth. But were they such, it would not follow that we would have laws upholding and enforcing religious doctrines. On the con-trary, this is just what we would not have; but every person would be left free to be re-ligious or irreligious, as his own judgment might determine; for the Christian spirit is the spirit of love, and Christian teaching is  that all persons must be drawn to God and Christianity by love, or not at all. In no way can we do more for the good of the community in which we may live than by setting before it the example of a life in which is manifested the power of God unto salvation. This we should do, and we should advocate and support such exercise of the civil power as God has ordained for the preservation of God-given rights. AMERICANISM OR ROMANISM, WHICH? A BOOK has come to our table with the above title. It contains 280 pages, is sub-stantially bound in buckram, is published by the Baptist Book concern at Louisville, Ky., and is from the pen of John T. Chris-tian, A. M., D. D., one of the Baptist pastors of that city, and author of several Baptist publications. It sells for one dollar per copy. The subjects treated in this book are:ŠWas Peter a Pope ? Rome and Morals; Rome and Civil Liberty; Rome and Relig-ious Liberty; Rome and Marriage; Rome and the Bible; Rome and the Public Schools and General Learning; Rome and the Press; Rome and Secret Societies. On the whole it is a valuable work, con-taining, as it does, many valuable quotations and references, and presenting the various subjects treated in a lucid and systematic,  manner. It is to be regretted, however, that some quotations are given without any definite information as to where they can be found. For instance we read of things that have appeared in the Catholic Mirror "recently," and of what somebody said in the Weekly Register of London, and in the Catholic World of this city. Such references without dates are of little value. However, most of the quotations have satisfactory refer-ences that would enable one who had access, to the original works to verify them. Alto-gether we know of no work which gives in the same compass nearly so much thor-oughly reliable information as does the ore under review. The author make one serious mistake, how-ever, and that is in treating the errors of Romanism and its influence upon the people as though it were something that ought to be prohibited by law. One proposition which he lays down is this: "The man who stead-fastly holds the principles of Rome is a traitor to our country." This is a very serious mistake. A man may be untrue to the principles upon which our Govern-ment is founded and yet not be a traitor by any means. The Constitution of the United States provides that: "Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and com-fort. No person shall be convicted of trea-son unless in the testimony of two witnesses to some overt act, or on confession in open court." A citizen of the United States might live here all his life and all that time think and say and try to persuade other men to believe that the form of government ought to be changed, that a monarchy ought to be established, or even that the pope should be made supreme ruler of the land, and yet never be guilty of treason. A man cannot in this country make himself an offender for a word or for his faith. It is only when his words or faith are crystallized into open acts of rebellion that he becomes' a traitor. Writers against Romanism should beware 