"Equal and Exact justice to all Men, of Whatever state or Persuasion, liZeligious or (Political." VOLUME 8, NEW YORK, JUNE 22, 1893 NUMBER 25. American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. ASSOCIATE. EDITORS, WILLIAM H. MC KEN. As in Tennessee, religious persecution is being carried on in Maryland, by means of the Sunday law. One Seventh-day Ad-ventist has already served a term in jail for husking corn on Sunday; and five oth-ers are awaiting trial on similar charges, one being a woman arrested for sewing on Sunday in her own house, " against the peace and dignity of the State "! As is related elsewhere in this paper by one of the victims of this persecution, two of these arrests were at the instigation of relatives of the persons arrested; and in one instance the brother who made the complaint conspired to have the work done, and took pains to have witnesses on hand to prove it, in order that he might swear out the warrant. ANOTHER prominent feature in these Maryland cases, is that while very few really obey the law, and many violate it openly and repeatedly, only Adventists are arrested, and that, avowedly, not be-cause they work on Sunday, but because they do not work on Saturday. Said one Sunday champion not long since, to an Adventist, when reminded that he himself worked on Sunday when it suited his convenience to do so: "Yes, and we would not notice your work so much if you did not keep Saturday." The real offense of the Adventists is keeping another day. BUT it has been said, why do not the Adventists retaliate by having the law enforced against their persecutors ? Sim-ply because their religion teaches them not to seek revenge. It is written in their law : " Dearly beloved, avenge not your-selves, but rather give place unto wrath; for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord. Therefore, if thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink." " Be not over-come of evil, but overcome evil with  good." This course is in accordance with the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, "who when reviled, reviled not again; when he suffered, he threatened not ; but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously." CHRIST'S example is the Christian's rule of life. " He that saith he abideth in Him ought himself also so to walk, even as He walked." The Christian must obey this rule, or else cease to be a Christian. He can suffer wrong, but he must not do wrong. Nor is this hard to do when the grace of God reigns in the heart. The apostles when beaten for their fidelity to Christ, " departed from the presence of the council, rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer shame for his name. And daily in the temple, and in every house, they ceased not to preach Jesus Christ," though expressly forbidden by the magistrates to speak in his name. The same power is in the gospel to-day, and it is still the privilege of the humble follower of Christ to rejoice in tribula-tions also. THE Saviour warned his followers that they would be called upon to suffer perse-cution, and said : " Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake : for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Rejoice, and be exceeding glad : for great is your reward in heaven : for so perse-cuted they the prophets which were before you." And the apostle declared : " Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution; " and why ? Be-cause " evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being de-ceived." Bum have we not a right to expect that in this, the nineteenth century, men will be so enlightened that persecution will cease ? Let the Scriptures answer : " This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come. For men shall be lov-ers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural af-fection, truce-breakers, false accusers, in-continent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, highminded,  lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God ; having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof ; from such turn away." 2 Tim. 3: 1-5. ENLIGHTENMENT is no guarantee against persecution. Often the most enlightened are the most wicked and the most cruel. It is the grace of God alone that softens the human heart and takes out all desire to coerce others. It is impossible for the true Christian to be a persecutor; but he who has the form of godliness but denies the power of the gospel, must in the very nature of things seek elsewhere for that power he feels he must have but which he cannot find because he denies the source from whence it alone comes. THE Lord promises to be with his peo-ple and give them power, but this he does only when they rely solely upon his divine power. Christ can have no concord with Belial. His kingdom is not of this world, neither is the power by which his work is to be carried forward to be derived from this world. The power is in the divine Word itself and in the Spirit that is in that Word and which makes it effective. It is only as men lose sight of this truth that they seek civil power to maintain their doctrines and vindicate their prac-tices. BUT how can the friends of Sunday trust in the Lord to maintain the honor of that institution when his Word says noth-ing about it as a sacred day The very name by which the day is known is not once found in the Scriptures; and the twenty-four hours which, according to Bible reckoning (from sunset to sunset), most nearly correspond to Sunday, are known in the Word of God by no other designation than "first day of the week." Is it not the most natural thing in the world that in departing from the truth, men should also depart from the Spirit of truth, and seek by human agencies and hu-man inventions to compensate themselves for the loss of power which they necessa-rily suffer in departing from the true source of spiritual powerŠthe LordŁ Jesus Christ ? It certainly is. It follows that persecution is the logical result of the sub-stitution of Sunday keeping for the ob-servance of the Sabbath of the Lord. 