AMERICAN SENTINEL. 789 ing in the hearts of some, simply because it is under the direction of a class of people who profess to keep the commandments of God and to have the faith of Jesus:Š "'Next Sunday at 10.30 A. M., the pastor of the Second Advent Church, Congress Place, at the request of the Sabbath Protective League, will speak on "The Christian Sabbath, its necessity, its obligation, the reasons for its present decadence, and the relation of the Open Door Mission to its possible downfall." The questions addressed to H. C. Basney, in The Portland Press, of November 23, and answered by him, will be re-stated and answered in discourse. The speaker will claim and endeavor to prove that this subject vitally concerns the very existence of Christian civilization. The public are very cordially invited to be present.' " "It would seem," The Vineyard adds, "that the Sunday-sabbath rests on a very insecure foundation when ministers of the gospel are alarmed that a work for the uplifting of fallen humanity will be likely to lead to the possible downfall of that institution." The Papal Principle. BY GEO. B. WHEELER. THE subject of the Dudlieian lecture at Harvard, delivered recently in the Fogg Art Museum, by Professor Toy, of the Semitic Department, was "Leo XIII. and the Errors of the Church of Rome." He said:Š "The underlying, coloring doctrine of the infallibil-ity of the church which has been applied by Pope Leo, is where the evil lies. From 1878 to 1890 he issued encyclicals to the following effect: The neglect of the church's authority has resulted in the social evils of so-cialism and in Masonry, which tries to separate church and state, a condition contrary to divine law. Liberty of worship, speech, and teaching, is impossible, and lib-erty of conscience also, as real liberty that lies in choos-ing the good will not then be present. "'Thus the pope,' he continued, 'claims an author-ity over the religion and morals of the peoples. But weakness is shown by the fact that the church decides what is to be the final authority." That is the papal principle, the right to use the power of the state to compel every one to conform to what they decide to be right, thereby trampling over the individual right to be his own judge in those things that pertain to his own good, which right lies at the basis of civil and religious liberty. Sunday laws are the embodiment of the papal prin-ciple, as the sentiment that made them, and is now sup-porting them, claims the right to decide which day is the Sabbath, and to use the power of the state to com-pel every one to conform to their decision, regardless of their own belief, wishes, or interests. If Sunday laws are right, the papal principle is right, and if that is car-ried out to its logical conclusion it follows that the reli-gion of the people instead of depending upon what is  right, depends upon the ecclesiastical power that has the greatest influence with the state; and as that is subject to change it follows that religion itself becomes a football of contending factions. It is also a significant fact that the justification of the papal principle in our Sunday laws, by the different States of the Union, is already finding its natural fruit-age in a great theocratic movement that is rapidly rising in this. country under the names of "National Reform," "Christian Citizenship," etc., and which are combining the religious organizations of the country for the purpose of compelling our national Government to give them power to enforce their decisions of what is right, and what is wrong, in both civil and religious matters, upon everyone. That is the natural outgrowth of the papal principle embodied in our Sunday laws, and is in exact harmony with the statements in the encyclicals issued by the pope; and it means the sub-vertin2 of the liberties of the nation. Our Sunday laws therefore instead of being as is claimed for them the foundation upon which the liber-ties, the civilization, and the welfare of the nation rest, are instead their most dangerous and deadliest foe. Oh, that the nation might be awakened to this fact before it will be too late! South Lancaster, Mass. The Selfishness of "Sunday Politics." BY S. B. HORTON. THAT selfishness in undisguised and naked form is at the bottom of persistent efforts made for Sunday laws by Congress, legislatures, and municipalities, is apparent to the mind of any who study the question. Situations and circumstances arise from time to time which justify this allegation. A recent case in Texas is to the point. A barber in Galveston cut a customer's hair on a, recent Sunday and was prosecuted for it on the ground that he violated the statutory law prohibiting Sunday labor. His attorney in demurring to the prosecution contended that a shave or hair cut is a necessity to cleanliness, and that as the higher courts have held bath-houses to be necessities in the exemptions provided by the statutes, his client was not guilty as charged. The court took the case under advisement, and subse-quently handed down a written opinion sustaining the demurrer, dismissing the prosecution and discharging the defendant. This barber evidently desires to labor on Sunday as well as upon other days, and so far as right in the matter is concerned he enjoys this from higher law and should be protected in his right rather than be deprived of it by legislative enactment. But here comes a lot of barbers from Houston who, not wishing to work on Sunday, propose to test the 