AMERICAN SENTINEL. 281 now and then an international complication results, but that we do not have a new difficulty on our hands every day in the year. AND this useless toy is dangerous in another way. "In time of peace, prepare for war." Never was advice offered more rotten at the core of its inspiration. It ought to read, "In time of peace, get ready for making warŠand, as soon as you are ready, make it." There is no surer way in the world to bring on a war than to make preparations for it. Give a nation the conscious-ness that it is "able to whop anybody," and the desire to "whop" is continually present, the temptation to try to "whop" somebody is always alive and feverishly look-ing for an outlet to indulgence. The "jingo" of the United States finds the navy a continuous and violent stimulant to his perverted nervous impulses. He hates to see so much splendid material wasted. He says, as the writer of the above extract says, in effect : " Just see how many people we could kill at once, if we could only get at them ; let us go and find them somewhere !" THE Navy Navy is what, more than anything else, makes us ignore that wise advice of George Washington in his " Farewell Address to the American People"Šthat we should carefully and sedulously avoid all entanglements with foreign countries, their affairs, their difficulties and disputes, whether internal or external. He rightly con-sidered that the United States was most fortunate in being so far away that European life and politics were not and could never, save by our own fault and inter-meddling, become a matter of slightest concern to us. He foresaw the endless trouble and disaster that must accrue if we should throw away this tremendous national advantage. He knew there were domestic problems on our hands which more than one century would be required to solve, and that it was our sound course to deal with them alone. And he saw the demagogue's triumph in the "vigorous foreign policy." -x- AND it is true that the Navy, by kindling and feeding a spirit of hostility to all the rest of the world, helps the demagogue to distract the minds of the populace from the affairs of home administration. There is no surer way to divert the crowd, when the cry of "stop thief" sounds too close to the ear, than to have a "pal" start a fight on the corner. A knavish tariff, a corporation-dic-tated "settlement," costing the Government millions of dollars, a plundered treasuryŠwhat are all these things, if the "white squadron" can only be sent to bombard a city? More Sunday-Law Arrests in Arkansas. THE following letter, addressed to Mr. A. F. Ballenger, from an Adventist friend in Arkansas, has been received at our office:Š "Van Buren, Ark., April 22, '97. "Dear Brother : "Brother John Huddleston and myself were arrested for Sunday labor at Fort Smith, Ark., on the 4th inst. "We had commenced to build a house the Sunday before, and the sheriff said that he had received four complaints on Monday morningŠone before daylight, before he got up. He did not bother us that week, but on the following Sunday, the 4th inst., he came down and talked awhile with us about the weather, work, etc., etc., concealing his badge, and after awhile he asked me if I did not know that I was violating the law. I told him that we kept another day than Sunday as the Sab-bath; whereupon he remarked with an oath ' That's too thin,' and said he would arrest us both, at the same time exhibiting his official badge. I told him that Bro. H. had been tried for Sunday labor and came clear, and that we had an exemption clause for our benefit; but he would not listen to me and ordered us to put up our tools and go with him to see if we could give bond. "On our way to the Justice of the Peace's office we passed a man with a wheelbarrow full of sod, working with all his might putting the sod out in his yard with a shovel. I called the officer's attention to it, and also to the street-car driver, telling him that neither one of them kept the day before; but he paid no attention to them. I then told him that it was very plain to me that it was not because we worked on Sunday that we were arrested, but because we kept the Sabbath; that there were a number of vagabonds in the city who would not work at all, and that it would be better to let all work who would. "He told us that our bonds would be $25 each; but on our way to the office we met the Prosecuting Attorney and he said 'Put the bonds at $100 each.' So the sheriff marched us down through town to the Justice's office; but the Justice being absent, the sheriff with some dia. culty made out the bonds for us. "Then we went to the home of Bro. H.'s brotherŠnot a seventh-day observerŠto get him to go on our bonds, but on arriving his wife said he was at the river where he was building a small steamboat. When we got there the officer remarked: "Here is another man at work." Mr. H. was leveling up his boat on the dock, but he did not attempt to arrest him. However, it was just over the line in the Indian Territory. "Mr. H. signed our bonds and we were released. I then told him that we were going back to work and that if we were going to be arrested again we would make out our bonds and carry them with us to save time and trouble; but he said that we would not be bothered again So we went and worked that afternoon. "Our trial was set for the next day (Monday) at 3 P. M. Two hours before the time I was there, and the sheriff introduced me to the Justice of the Peace. The latter, after a few questions relative to our faith, said he would dismiss the cases. I told him that we were ready for trial and would rather it would go on, but he would not order it. I had a long talk with him and with the 