THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 211 That is all it would be, and it would be utterly inexcusable. And we risk nothing in saying that these Sunday-holiness-pro-tection people themselves would be the very first to denounce it as unwarrantable and inexcusable. But if that would be so in the case of a minority who actually -need to be protected from the proposed protection of the Sunday-law workers, then what ought not to be thought of these people who claim to be in the over-whelming majority, in their mission to Congress, asking for laws to compel every body else to rest on Sunday for their pro-tection ? Ah ! gentle reader, it is not protection, but roiver, that they want. It is not pro-, tee-Lion for themselves, but power against ;those who do not agree with them in their ideas of Sunday holinessŠthis is what they want. A. T. J. -4- A Logical Proposition. Ł YIELDING to the irresistible logic of facts, the Mail and Express now admits that the working people of New York do wish to visit the Metropolitan Museum of Art, ;that they have intelligence to ap-preciate the various works of art on ex-hibition there, and that they may be benefited intellectually by seeing such things; but it still insists that they should not see them on Sunday. Instead of Sun-day opening our contemporary now pro-poses early morning opening. It says:ŠThe clearest light in which to enjoy pictures is -that of the early morning. The concensus of painters, connoisseurs, learned and unlearned, is to this effect. The best morning light is now to be had before 7 o'clock. Therefore the time to visit the Metropolitan Museum of Art is before 7 o'clock in the forenoon. How this would benefit the workingmen is thus explained by the genius who pre-sides at once over both the Mail and Ex-press and the American Sabbath Union:Š The workman's day begins at eight. If he were to spend an hour or two in the galleries he would still have an hour in which to get to his work, and that would enable him to attend to his work in time anywhere in New York or Jersey City. Then follows an extended panegyric upon early rising, ending in this remark-able manner :Š The majority of our workingmen do not sleep More than seven hours dailyŠfrom 11 p. m. to 6 a. ro. They would be healthier and live longer if they would move this sleeping part of the day up the sliding scale of the darksome night, instead of still further exhausting their tired frames by the endeavor to stave off ' Tired nature's sweet restorer, balmy sleep. If they would retire at 9 o'clock, they could rise at 5, and thus add one hour to their daily rest, andtalso have an hour or two in the Museum before heghining toil. Every economic consideration is in -favor of this -proposed regimen. The, workingmen would' sleei) Sounder and be strongerŠthat would benefit therd; and be brighter and spryerŠthat -W-quid, benefit their employers ; and be' more con-,versant 'with 'the works of nature, and with their Own childrenthat would benefit their families. GiVe the workingmen the best time to visit the  Museum, and the whole Sabbath, and you will educate, elevate, and Christianize them. This is what is needed by the Poles, Hungarians, Italians, Russians and all the people. Open the Metropol-itan Museum at 5 o'clock a. m. six days in the week, for one season, and so give experience the opportunity to test its desirability. This proposition though most absurd is entirely logical. First the Sunday-law advocates assume to say that the working-man shall rest one day in seven for his health; then they very consistently set about-  the task of seeing that he goes to bed at a proper hour, and that he rises be-times in the morning. It is just as proper that these pseudo-philanthropists should dictate to the workingman in one of these particulars as in the other. The Mail and Express says that" every economic con-sideration is in favor of this proposed reg-imen ;" it follows that the economic reasons for Sunday rest are no greater than are the reasons for retiring at 9 o'clock and rising at 5; therefore if the State had a duty in enforcing Sunday rest for eco-nomic reasons it would have an equal duty to see that people take sufficient sleep. But the fact is that the whole thing is anŁimpertinence, and a most unwarranted interference with individual rights. Every man has the natural civil right to work as many days per week as he pleases, and to sleep as many or as few hours as he sees fit, and neither the State nor anybody else has any right to interfere in any way with this liberty. The Mail and Express should attend to its own business and allow the workingman to retire when he pleases, get up when he likes, and spend Sunday as he sees fit. The New York workingman has given notice that in the matter of rest he is able to take care of himself, and every consideration of com-mon sense is in faver of permitting him to do it. C. P. B. "Sunday Slavery" and the "American Sabbath." AN enthusiastic meeting was held on Sunday evening, June 14, at the Church of the Covenant, North Halsted Street, Chicago, in the interest of better Sunday observance. Many of the prominent citi-zens of the North Side were present. Hon. C. C. Bonney, President of the World's Congress Auxiliary, and Rev. Herrick Johnson, were among the chief speakers. Mr. Bonney dwelt upon the idea that when a man is forced to work seven days in the week, he becomes practically a slave. Dr. Johnson's burden was for the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday. He said there was not a single reason that could be given in favor of opening the Fair on Sunday, except the greed for the " almighty dollar." He gave the follow-ing reasons against Sunday opening, which to him were conclusive :- 1. The Sabbath is an American institution and should be exhibited as such. 2. Sunday opening would bring a rabble into the  city on that day, that would make pandemonium of our streets. 3. The after effects of Sunday opening would be to give unbridled license to amusements of all sorts. Where in all the wide land are men "forced" to 'work seven days in the week? If any man conscientiously desires to keep Sunday, and another undertakes to force him to work on that day, there is not a court in the United States but will deliver him from such oppression. But that is not the point. What Mr. Bonney wants is to force men to rest on Sunday; whether they want to or not. If it be said in re-ply that these men are forced to work on Sunday or lose their position, let them yield their position rather than violate their principles of right and duty, if it is from conscience toward God that they want to keep the day. But that " American institution " which Dr. Johnson talks about, is more puzzling than anything else. It is variously called the " American Sabbath," the " civil Sab-bath," and the "Christian Sabbath." This triangular Sabbath is first called Chris-tian; then, since the American Christians keep Sunday that makes it American. And, lastly, since most of the States had enough of the old elements of a union of Church and State in them to lead them to incorporate Sunday into their statutes, that makes it civil. But if the religious idea was not at the very foundation, the rest of it would never have been thought of. Hence this talk about an " American " and " civil" Sabbath is simply to blindfold us so that we may not see the religious element which is the sum and substance of the entire " American Institution." Apply this logic to another institution of the Christian Church. Baptism is an ordinance in which all the Christian churches believe; that of course makes it Christian. Most of the American Chris-tians believe in it as strongly as they do in Sunday. Then why not call baptism American, too ? Having done this, just one step more is needed to make it civil. Let it be recognized and enforced by law, and the structure is complete. Calling Sunday either " civil " or " American " does not make it such. It is a religious institution and nothing more, call it what we may. If simply recognizing Sunday in the laws of our land makes it civil, any religious institution or belief could be made civil in the same way. This "American Institution" is to be " exhibited," so says the Doctor. But how ? And which side is to be seen ? Per-haps the State will exhibit the " Ameri-can " and " civil " sides by closing the Fair on that day, and that will leave the ministers free to exhibit the religious side. Christianity needs no such help. In regard to the Doctor's second propo-sition is it not true that the Fair itself will bring to the city all the " rabble " that can get there ? Would 'a single.ruf-fian stay away simply because the Fair 