Ł.:11.0tg" Equal and exact justice: to all rqeq, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, MAY 29, 1890. NUMBER 22. The American Sentinel. '311;13LISHED WEIZELY, 13Y THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 41 POS) ST., NEW YORK. tDITOR, - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mo KEE. PitINCIPLES are fundamental truths. In the Declaration of Independence we have this. grand principle : " All men Are created equal, and are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, among which are life, liberty," etc. The leading principle of the Bible is, that our first duty, hence our first right, is to love and worship God unmolested. This is religious liberty. The beauty of a principle is, that nothing but truth will fit it. Hence principles are touch-stones which distinguish the true from the false.ŠM. E. Steward, A. M., in Southern Sentinel. THE following quotation froth Professor W. G. Sumner, of Yale College, makes an excellent statement of an important truth. Knowledge is not enough ; there must be with it sufficient character to make a right use of it :Š " The moralists have never been satis-fied with the old adage that knowledge is power. They felt the lack of the moral element in it : that is to say, they felt the lack of the element which it was their business to.supply. The adage, however, was true. Knowledge .is  power, and, in itself considered, it is nothing more. The notion that knowledge makes men good is one of the superstitions of the nine-teenth century. Knowledge only gives men power. It furnishes a chance. It brings with it, however, the grim alter-native already described. Will the man who has it use it for good or for ill ? That is a moral question. It finds its answer in the springs of character, and the in-dependent self-determination which lies deepest in the essential elements of each  man's personality. This, by the way, is one Of the reasons why there is no sound social or personal strength which is not founded en the training of the individual. It is the reason why individual character is the spring of all good in man or the State, and why all socialism is profoundly immoral. Wherever collective standards, codes, ideals, and motives take the place of individual responsibility, we know from ample experience that the spontaneity and independent responsibility which are es-sential to moral vigor are sure to be lost." "A Redeemed Commonwealth." SUNDAY, May 4, Rev. Dr. Charles H. Parkhurst, of Madison Square Presbyte-rian Church, this city, delivered a sermon on the scripture text, " And I John saw the Holy City, the New Jerusalem, com-ing down from God out of heaven, pre-pared as a bride adorned for her husband." It was directly in the line of the Church and State preaching that is constantly be-coming more and more prevalent. He declared that " heaven is a redeemed com-monwealth." Now a commonwealth is " an established form of government, or civil polity, or, more generally, a State." His statement amounts to this then that heaven is a redeemed State, but no State has yet been redeemed. If heaven be therefore a redeemed State, there is as yet no such place because there is no such thing. Heaven was, before there ever was a State, and will be after all States are gone. This criticism is not a play upon words, for the rest of his sermon shows that such is his idea of what heaven is, and that the redeemed commonwealth is the culmina-tion of history, and when we reach that place, then that place and that common-wealth will be heaven. He says Now if a redeemed commonwealth is appointed of. God to be the culmination of history and the end toward which he is working, then that end we are to consider as a law regulating or determining the methods by which, as God's workmen, we are to help in the achievement of C4(46 ail41 and ambi- tion. If it were only a question of how many in-dividuals could be brought to their knees and in-duced penitentially to accept Christ as their Sav-iour, then all we should have to do, as a church, would be to teach the doctrines of repentance and regeneration, multiply our missions, strengthen our evangelistic forces and count the converts. Thus Mr. Parkhurst's view of the pur-pose and work of the Church is that it is to save States instead of souls, and that the song of the redeemed in that day will be that the Lord had saved every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, and not as the Scripture says, that the re-deemed are gathered " out of every na-tion, and kindred, and tongue, and people." It would be difficult to form a statement of God's purpose.  as revealed, that would be more directly contrary to the truth than is this statement by Dr. Parkhurst. In the Scripture there is no such thing announced, nor contemplated, as a re-deemed State. No State will ever reach the other world. No State will ever be redeemed. There will be some people re-deemed out of all the States that have ever been. This theory springs from the idea that is so largely held, of the con-version of the world. But that idea is totally false : it is contrary to every state-ment of Scripture. When the world ends, it will be in wickedness. The record is that " in the last days perilous times shall come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, trucebreakers, false ac-cusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God; having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof." 2 Tim. 3:1-5. And, instead of there being any promise or prophecy that they will all be-come good, and better and, better, the rec-ord is that being thus bad they "shall wax worse and worse, deceiving, and be-ing deceived." And having grown worse and worse, when the end comes, and the heaven departs as a scroll when it is rolled 