rrmr AMERICAN-  SPNTINEL. 91 abstain from all unnecessary avocations on the Lord's day. This civil Sabbath is what the civil Govern-ment in America is called upon. to enforce. First, because it is the right of all to be allowed one day of rest out of seven; second, because such rest is the command of God. Morality without religion is impossible. If the Sabbath, therefore, be abolished, the fonntain of life for the people will be sealed, and all our civil and religious institutions will be jeop-ardized. And to the same import are the follow-ing resolutions adopted, a few days since, by the Sabbath Union, of Massachusetts :Š Resolved, 1. That we believe that when Christ said "The Sabbath was made for man," he uttered a principle of perpetual validity, and we deprecate the theological instruction which severs ail connec-tion between the Lord's day and the principle of one day's rest in seven as recognized in Revelation, at the creation, and in the fourth commandment. 2. That we believe that the substitution of the first clay of the week for the seventh day as ,a Sabbath, with undiminished moral obligation, was intended by " the Lord of the Sabbath " as ` a perpetual me-morial of his resurrection, and that it was confirmed by apostolic precept and example. . 3 That we will resist all attempts to divest the Christian Sabbath, as a day of rest and worship, of the sacredness of a divine law. It will be noticed that in all of these quotations the religious idea is prominent; true, the idea of a day of physical rest is also there, but in every case it is secondary ; and so it is all through the utterances of the Sunday-law advocates. And no wonder, for it is the preservation of the " Chris-tian Sabbath," the " Lord's day," that is sought; it is as a " Christian Nation," and because of " national obligation to obey the law of God," that we are exhorted to, preserve "the Sabbath." The quoted expressions are stock phrases with. those who are foremost in the advocacy of Sun-day laws. The " civil Sabbath," the " rest day," is a secondary thing with them, an afterthought, and is in fact a mere figment used to break the force of the arguments against religious legislation. The State of New Jersey affords just now an excellent illustration of the true attitude of the Sunday-law advocates. The liquor dealers of that State are making an effort to secure some modification of the law which forbids the ,sale of liquors upon the first day of the week. In a fervid appeal for the retention of the law, the Christian Union Says :Š The attempts made by the liquor dealers to break down the Christian Sabbath in New York last year, is  being repeated this year by the liquor dealers in New Jersey. " This is an attack on the Christian Sabbath." " No honest traffic ventures to break in upon the Sabbath quiet." Scant reference is then made to the evils of Sunday liquor selling because of the number idle upon that day, and then the editor returns to the charge in this man-ner :Š More than this, the Christian church owes a duty to itself, and to the State of New Jersey, which it ought 'not to be slow to perform. Some sort of organized expression of public sentiment against this proposed legislative action ought to be called forth from every part of the State. Let the Church, - without reference to divisions, act as a unit in giving leadership and direction to, the public opinion in this matter. There is no mistaking this language; it is the " Christian Sabbath " that is to be preserved in New Jersey in the interests of the " Christian church." The sanctity of the day and the good of the Church are the great considerations urged. It mat-ters not where or by whom this subject is discussed, the fact crops out that the real spring of the Sunday movement lies in the fact of the religious character of the day. In a sermon preached, not long since, in Pendleton, Oregon, Rev. W. A. C. Rowse, pastor of the Baptist Church, at that place, right in the midst of an impassioned appeal for the " civil Sabbath," said :Š ' There can' be no religion without worship and no worship without Sunday. It is not too much to say that without Sunday the Church of Christ as visible socially can not exist on the earth. Those who desire to do away with a day of rest are those who are willing to corrupt the morals and enslave the bodies of the workingmen in order to satisfy their own selfish ends. And right in line with this is the follow- ing utterance, cheered to the echo, in a recent " civil " Sunday-law meeting in Tacoma, Wash. :Š What makes the Anglo-Saxon people what they are, but Christianity ? What but the Almighty God ? And he made the Sabbath at Mount Sinai when he pronounced the words, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." The Sabbath is part of the system of Christianity, the source of all our good. We may as well pass a law that will cause the destruction of our goods and chattels, as our eternal souls. I have lived in cities where I saw the effects of dis-regarding the Sabbath, and I 'say to every young man here, " Take care that you don't let any out-post of Christianity be broken down with your consent, and I call upon you, young men, to note what it is to be on the right side. Break down the barriers, espouse the wrong, and when you come to the grave you will be a lost soul, sinking ever lower and lower in the bottomless pit. On the other hand, if you embrace Christianity you will tend ever upward and upward until you embrace the right hand of Majesty, and are folded to his bosom. Where in this language is there a hint of any motive but a religious one ? To repeal the Sunday law would " cause the destruction " of " our eternal souls ; " its  would be to surrender an " outpost of Christianity." And to maintain the Sun-day law is to " embrace Christianity." Yet we are assured by another speaker at the same meeting, that they do not ask legislation for the religious Sabbath. We don't want to make men religious by legislation. Certahily not; the object simply is to get men to accept Christianity that they may " embrace the right hand of Majesty, and be folded to his bosom." That this is desirable is true, but that to make laws with reference to it is any part of the duty of human governments does not follow. In the first place it is beyond the power of government to secure such r6sults; and in the, second place to attempt Ł anything of the kind is to usurp the pre- rogatives of God himself ; and such attempts carried to their logical end will ever result as they ever have resulted, namely, in persecution for conscience' sake. But we are told that courts have sus-tained Sunday laws, declaring that they.  rest, not on religious but on civil grounds. It is true that such decisions have been made, but other courts have decided that such laws are religious, and that they rest upon the divine law. In the case of Bramhall vs. Van Campen, (8 Min-nesota Reports, 13), Judge Flandrau, of the Supreme Court of Minnesota, gave the opinion that " the Sabbath laws of the State can have no other object than the enforcement of the fourth of God's com-mandments. " In the Supreme Court of Texas, Judge Caldwell held that "the object of the Legislature was to forbid all secular employment on the Sabbath, not excepted in the act. The disregard of the Sab-bath, the refusal to recognize it as a day sanctified to holy purposes constitutes the offense. " (Elsner vs. the State, 30 Texas Reports, 524.) In deciding one of these Sunday cases the Supreme Court of Alabama also said: " We do not think the design of the Legis-lature in the passage of the act can be doubted. It was evidently to promote morality and advance the interest of religion, by prohibiting all persons from engaging in their common and ordinary vocations." (O'Donnel vs. Sweevey, 5 Alabama Reports, 467.) Similar cases are reported from several other States' notably Connecticut and New Hampshire. (See Wright vs. Geer, 1 Root, 474; Fox vs. Able, 2 Connecticut Reports, 548; George vs. George, 47 New Hamp-shire Reports, 27.) But such decisions are simply statements of the fact revealed more or less plainly in the laws them-selves. Only recently a Georgia lawyer has discovered that the preachers of that State are required by law to read from their pulpits, four times a year, an act regarding the observance of Sunday. The statute was framed by the Colonial As-sembly in 1763, section 10 reading as follows: "And be it further enacted, that this act shall be read yearly, and every year, and at least four times in each year before sermon begins; and every minister is hereby required to read the same in his respective place of divine worship." The act provides penalties for vice, profanity, immorality, and for not " keeping holy the Lord's day commonly called Sunday." The conclusion is unavoidable that Sun-day is a religious institution, and it is because of the religious regard in which it is held that laws are made requiring its observance. The "civil Sabbath" is simply the religious institution enforced with varying degrees of strictness by civil law. C. P. 11. The Religious Oath. A SHORT time ago, in noticing the Nine Demands of Liberalism, we made some re-marks upon the religious oath; and 'now comes the Christian Statesrnav, and con-firms all that we then said on that ques-tion. It says :Š The efficacy of the oath which is simply an appeal to God, as witness and Judge, depends on the fear of God in the hearts of men. This is true. What is the worth, there-fore, of such an oath taken by men who have no fear of God in their hearts ? To oblige a man who has no fear of God hi his heart, to take an oath, the sole efficacy of which depends on the fear of God in 