ŁesteŁ vm %NN, \‚,—. N vs:\ \\\NN. \N‚s,,NN,N N  \N "Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, DECEMBER, 1886. NUMBER 12. 712e An2erieaq Ser2thrl. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. Entered at the Post-office in Oakland. BY entering into society men never intended, nor could intend, to make their religion a mat-ter of civil cognizance. For religion being a prevailing disposition of the soul to universal holiness, it can neither be increased nor lessened by any political laws. Besides, how can any person, with the least color of reason, pre-tend that I have a right to judge for myself; and yet punish me for using it?Šthat is, for doing what he acknowledged I had a right to do. To plead for it, would be a contradiction in terms.Š William Livingston, 1765. OUR glorious reformers, when they broke through the fetters of superstition, effected more than could be expected from an age so darkened. But they left much to be done by their posterity. They lopped off, indeed, some of the branches of popery, but they left the root and stock when they left us under the domination of human systems and decisions, usurping the infallibility which can be attrib-uted to Revelation alone. They dethroned one usurper only to raise up another; they refused allegiance to the Pope, only to place the civil magistrate in the throne of Christ, vested with authority to enact laws, and inflict penalties in his kingdom. And if we now cast our eyes over the nations of the earth we shall find that, instead of possessing the pure religion of the gospel, they may be divided either into infidels who deny the truth, or politicians who make religion a stalking horse for their ambition, or professors, who walk in the trammels of ortho-doxy, and are more attentive to traditions and ordinances of mon than to the oracles of truth. The civil magistrate has everywhere con-taminated religion by making it an engine of policy; and freedom of thought and the right of private judgment, in matters of conscience, driven from every other corner of the earth, direct their course to this happy country as their last asylum. Let us cherish the noble guests, and shelter them under the wings of an universal toleration. Be this the seat of un-bounded religious freedom. She will bring with her in her train, industry, wisdom, and commerce. She thrives most when left to shoot forth in her natural luxuriance, and asks from human policy only not to be checked in her growth by artificial encouragements.ŠSamuel Adams, 1776. Is It Blindness, or Duplicity? THE student of human nature must needs meet with many perplexities, for there are so many phases of the workings of the human mind that it seems almost impossible to account for them all, or even to classify them. It is a stand- ing matter of surprise that educated men, of fair intelligence, will become so addicted to riding a hobby that they cannot see their own incon-sistency, though it may be apparent to others; or discover any force in the most tangible proofs, if they do not harmonize,  with their own pet theories. And a more persistent set of hobby riders cannot be found than the advocates of the Religious Amendment of our National Con- stitution, who style themselves "National Re-formers." In a late number of the Christian Statesman, one of its regular correspondents, "the Rev. M. A. Gault," quotes from the AMERICAN SENTINEL the following words:Š "The National Reform Party proposes to make Christ king of the United States, and yet they maintain that the Government must still remain a Republic. Will the Christian States-man, or some other advocate of this reform, tell us how this thing can be ?" And then he proceeds to comment on this query, which comment we propose to notice. He says:Š "If you would study your Bible more before you spring into the arena to champion the anti-National Reform cause, you would know that the model of Government which Christ gave to Israel was much more republican than that of the United States. All their rulers were elected by the people, while there are one hundred thou-sand of ours in whose election the people have no choice." It is a custom with this class of people, when they are not able to render a reason, to insinuate or openly declare that their opponents are ig- norant, and have never studied the Bible. But one thing is noticeable, that while they make many assertions concerning the "republic of Israel," the election of its officers, etc., and con-tinue to accuse their opponents of ignorance, prejudice, and a failure to study their Bibles, they studiously ignore all our requests to give the proofs to sustain their assertions. We have made tangible statements concerning Moses, Saul, David, Nehemiah, and others, setting forth facts which utterly demolish the claims of the " reformers; " and while they pass by these statements without a notice, people will soon learn what estimate to put upon their sneers and accusations of ignorance. It is time that they began to give some evidence that they themselves are not lamentably ignorant. Mo- ses, Aaron, Joshua, Samuel, Saul, David, and through the latter a whole line Of kings, were all chosen of God without even the knowledge of the people. W ill " the Rev. M. A. Gault" soon comply with our reiterated request to point out some of the rulers of Israel who were elected by the people? He says: "All their rulers were elected by the people." We only ask him to name a few. And we shall be indebted to him if he will point out the circumstances of some of these elections, and tell us if there were opposing candidates! We shall anxiously wait for infor-mation on these points. His knowledge of Government in the abstract must be quite limited, judging from his use of terms. "All their rulers were elected by the people, while there a:re one hundred thousand of ours [rulers] in whose election the people have no choice." If the people have no choice in their election, by whom are they elected? His confusion of language is probably owing to the fact that he does not apprehend the difference between election and appointment. Our exec-utives have the power to appoint certain officers (not rulers); but the people make the laws giv-ing the executives that power, and then elect the executives who may exercise that power. Will Mr. Gault, or any of his co-laborers, point out a parallel to this in their hypothetical "re-public of Israel " ? This statement concerning the election of one hundred thousand of our rulers is more than erroneousŠit s positively foolish. One charge that our model reformers make against our Government is, that the will of the people is the supreme authority. But, lo, we are now informed that the power.of the people in this nation is not so extensive and complete as it was in their model "republic of Israel." How will they reconcile their state-ments? They may indeed drown the voice of their opponents by crying, "Great is Diana, of the Ephesians." This will be as pertinent as any answer they have yet attempted to give. Mr. Gault says:Š "You complain that the Christian Statesman does not notice your opposition. It is because your arguments have not touched the real ques-tions at issue." But while so many readers differ with you, would it not,  be well to notice them enough to prove that they have not reached the questions at issue? If we have not touched the real is-sues, you could easily show our failure. Why not try it, and let the readers of the Statesman judge for themselves? Perhaps your readers are all'of that class who will take all your state-ments for granted, without asking for proof; but we doubt it. 