:AA ERICAN 'SENTINEL. American $entinel. NEw YORK, FEBRUARY 10, 1898. BOUND VOLUMES of the AMERICAN SENTINEL for 1897 are now ready, and will be sent to any address on application. Price, manilla covers, 41..50; half roan, $2.50. Ł THE clergymen of Toledo, Ohio, have won a fight "for closed theaters in that city on Sunday. Theatrical managers say however that they will continue the battle. WE are informed that the atti-tude of the Boulder (Col.) School Board in reference to the flag salute is uncompromising, and that seven children have thus far been suspended or expelled as the result. THE actors of this city are "up in arms" against the bill now pending at Albany which will allow of their being compelled to "work" on Sun-day. It would almost seem as though these people should be allowed one day in the week in which to conduct themselves naturally. ON a recent Sunday a newly-ap-pointed policeman made thirty-one arrests in this city, most of which were for violations of the Sunday law. And he did all this "single handed." The astonished magistrate before whom, the prisoners were brorght the next morning let all but seven' of them go. IT is,  reported upon good authority that the pope instructed the Catho-lics in the Reichstag to support Em-peror William's bill for an increase in the navy, which was recently passed. This is pointed to as a somewhat sin-gular proceeding for a "vicar" of the Prince of Peace. OUR contributors will pardon us for reminding them that there is dan-ger in writing for a journal like the SENTINEL, of illustrating the phrase "too much of a good thing." Short measure is appreciated by the aver- age editor these days=and by 'the average reader as well. THE new Russian minister to Corea is said to be as zealous in promoting the spread of the Greek Catholic reli-gion in the proyince as in furthering Russian political supremacy. This is only to be expected from an official of an empire where church and state are united. IT was recently proposed in ConŁ gress to amend the Constitution so as to provide that the national legis-lature "shall have power to,  establish uniform hours of labor throughout the United States." The proposition was without substantial result, but is quite suggestive of one way in which a national Sunday-rest law may become an established fact in this country. As a basis for their claim that the Federal Constitution ought to recog-nize God, National Reformers point to the fact thatforty out of theforty-five state constitutions contain such an acknowledgement, and that the same has been put into the constituŁ tions of all the newest states. Logic-ally, therefore, the people of the na-tion stand committed to this most dangerons governmental error. THE process of Christianizing China, according to the method always em-ployed by "Christian nations," is fairly begun, and may be expected to go forward now without any mate-rial interruption, if the supply of powder and balls holds out, as it no doubt will. The Catholic Times (Lon-don) remarks that China will readily be Christianized, since the Chinese "usually bend with considerable do-cility to the wishes of the govern-ment." This will make them good Christians according to the Roman CatholicŠor church and stateŠstand-ard of Christianity. THE W. C. T. U. of Newport News, Va., has prepared a petition to be forwarded to Secretary of the Navy Long, asking that water be used in-stead of wine in "christening" the  new battleships "Kentucky'?;,;and "Kearsarge," which are to be launched in March next. Elavethese ladies reflected that 'these ships are to be used for fighting, and have they considered how much more appro-priate, as suggestive of fighting, in-toxicating liquor is than mere water? We do not see, how even the W. C. T. U. can consistently claim that intoxi-cants and fighting do not properly belong together. THE beauties of church and state union as seen in the highly-civilized country of Germany, are illustrated in the following, which is reported from Berlin, under date of February "The Burgomaster of Schkenditz recently issued an edict requiring the townspeople to wear their best clothes on Sunday. On the following Sun-day, walking abroad to observe the result of his order, he found a stable-man in wooden clouts, torn' stock-ings, soiled trousers, and a flaring red neckerchief. A policeman was immediately summoned to arrest him, and he was tried for Aso majeste or its municipal equivalent. Al-though he proved that he had been grooming and feeding his master's horse and was on his way home, he was fined a mark and a half and costs." IN these days the church is becom-ing a dangerous competitor to the world in some branches of worldli-ness. For instance, the rector of St. John's Episcopal Church, in Jersey City, has started a class in dancing, the church gymnasium being conven-ient for the purpose, at prices which completely outbid those of the regu-lar teachers of the art; and as a result the latter's patronage has fallen off, while the church dancing elass is booming. Of course, one naturally likes to feel that he or she is doing all right in such things, as must be the case when it is conducted by the church; and this gives the church a decided advantage over the world in the matter of questionable amuse-ments. There is nothing which hu-man nature appreciates more than the opportunity to do a wrong thing in an eminently respectable manner. 