ERICAN SENTIN AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 589 and so sinned against God, in slighting the ordinance. Sir, the law provides two ways of obeying; the one to do that which in my conscience I do believe that I am to do actively; and where I cannot obey actively, then I am willing to lie down and suffer what they may do to me." ŠLife and Times of John Bunyan. These answers challengethe admiration of every lover of principle. His last reply contains the whole secret of the course to be pursued by Christians in their relation to civil laws. He says, "The law provides two ways of obeying; the one to do that which in.  y conscience I do believe that I am to do actively; and where I cannot obey actively; then I am willing to lie down and Suffer what they may do to me." Don't Forget the Post Office Address. WE have before called attention to the frequent fail-ure of subscriberg when requesting a change of address, to give their present post office address. Quite often; too, the parties forget to sign their names. This is called out by two communications, one from H. C. Jones, who requests the SENTINEL changed from his Address- to an-other party, in Oklahama, but fails to tell where the paper is now going. Not knowing the present post office address, it is like "looking for a needle in a haystack" to find it.. He should let us know where he now resides.,  Another from Hudson (State not given) writes: "Inclosed please, find $1 for your valuable paper. I can't afford to be without it longer. John Brown." Now, there are MR. SUMNER T. MERRILL, of Melrose, Minnesota, a warm friend of the SENTINEL, writes: "I like the Religious Liberty for Young People department in the SENTINEL very much. I am glad to, learn that the SENTINEL list increased so materially. I am sorry, however, that it wasn't-a hundred -Hines- as large. The person who does not read the AMERICAN SENTINEL suffers a loss which can not be filled with another paper that I know of." AMONG the interesting publications that come to our desk, we may, mention the Sunday School Times, pub_ lished weekly at Philadelphia, 'Pa., price $1.50 per year. Each issue is filled with the brightest thoughts and most practical suggestions from the most successful SundaY-school workers in the land. No oneinterested directly or indirectly in Sabbath-school work, and especially officers of an organized school, can well afford to be without this journal. Many single issues are worth more than the price of the paper for a year. Write for sample copies, which will be sent free for examination, mentioning the SENTINEL. The Nebraska -Sanitarium. ON another page *ill be found the displayed adver-tisement of the Nebraska Sanitarium, located at College View, a suburb of Lincoln; 'Nebraska. This institution is one of quite a number in the chain, all patterned after and substantially under the same management as the great Battle Creek (Mich.) Sanitarium, the largest and most successful of its kind in the United States, or indeed in the world. The Nebraska Sanitarium-is thoroughly equipped with all modern conveniences for the care of the sick, is supplied with skilled physicians and trained nurses, and those suffering from chronic or other troubles are, assured of relief if ,it can be secured anywhere. Prices are reasonable. Those interested are invited to send for catalogue and any further information desired, addressing Dr. A. N. Loper, Superintendent, College View, Nebraska. Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Penn. TO.OUR PATRONS: Write names plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. We will receive Postage Stamps in small Quantities,and any kind of good money-. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromising opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State,. either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Pablislung Co. ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Assoeiation. Single Copy, Per Year, Six months, Three " SI.On - .50 - .25 ADDRESS, AFIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Rnnd Street, New York. twenty-six Hudsons in the United States, and we presume that in each place there is a John Brown, but which one of these paid his dollar it would be hard to determine at 1.  this end of the line. A word of caution is perhaps all 2.  that is necessary. 3.  4.  