THE AIVIEF?ICAN SENTINEL. 301 Strange Reasons. SOMETIMES when men are working for an object which in itself is not likely to meet with public favor, they give strange reasons for their course of pro-cedure. This is forcibly illustrated by many of the excuses given for trying to force the observance of Sunday upon this Nation by those who style themselves National Reformers. In the book, " The Sabbath for Man," by W. F. Crafts, some very strange argu- ments are used to show why the laboring man should be made to keep Sunday. The author argues that Sunday, if kept, will give a man one third as much time for studying as he would get in a college course in the same time; also by keeping Sunday twenty-one years, a man would have as much time for mental improve-ment as he would get in a'common college course. And further, that a life of seventy years of well-spent Sundays would give one's mind opportunity for improvement equal in time, to three college courses. From this reasoning it would seem that the main object of Sunday legislation is a purely educational one. Then he goes on to say that many of the Sunday - keeping workmen of a few years ago are the capitalists and leaders of to-day. Here this zealous advocate of Sunday legislation attempts to prove that the working man needs to keep Sunday to better his financial condition, and also he needs it to give him influence and power. Thus he gives as results of good Sunday keeping, education, wealth, and influenceŠ things which human nature most earnestly desires. But there seems to be a serious objection to these arguments, and that is, that not-withstanding the predicted results of com-pulsory Sunday observance are so much to be desired by the laboring man, he himself is not much in favor of having Ms rights restricted on even one day of the week; and therefore is not in favor of Sunday legislation. So after using the foregoing arguments, which Mr. Crafts calls "great facts," he thus explains why the laboring man, generally, does not favor his Sunday-keeping schemes :Š Blind to these great facts, a Shoe Lasters' Union iri Brooklyn, at the publication of the new Penal Code of New York in 1882, adopted a paper which thus describes the Sabbath laws:Š We learn with regret that the churches are joining hands with tyranny and capital for the purpose of suppressing liberty, and oppressing the laborerŠ Sentiments representative of many labor organiza-tions, which show that holiday Sundays prevent those who follow them from learning the A B C of po-litical science, and keep them in such ignorance of the true meaning of liberty that they mistake its champions for oppressors. According to this, the poor laboring man is indeed in a dilemma. He has never taken advantage of his Sunday " educa-. tional " privileges, and so is blindŠso blind that he cannot see his only source of education. The only way, to get him out of this difficulty, Mr. Crafts thinks, is to force him to keep Sunday until he learns to appreciate these great blessings of education, wealth, and influence, and until he learns the " true meaning of lib-erty." This is what Mr. Crafts and his friends who have probably kept Sunday long enough to appreciate these " great facts," purpose to do for the benefit of the laboring man. It is a useless expenditure of time to point out the fallacy of such arguments, as any thoughtful person, whether he has properly kept Sunday or not, can see the foolishness of such reasoning; but one is reminded by the course which these " re- formers " propose to pursue, of the kind parents who tied their son to the bed-post Sunday morning, and left him there till he could repeat the hymn beginningŠ Thine earthly Sabbaths, Lord, I love. It is presumable that this boy liked rather to play or go a-fishing than to attend church. His parents enjoyed church privileges and were very anxious that their son should learn to love and reverence the day as they did, and the only way they could see to accomplish this happy result was to force him to rest on Sunday, and learn to repeat sacred hymns until he learned to love to spend his Sundays in this way. It resulted, probably, in the same way that all compul-sory Sunday observance would. There is a blessedness in keeping the Sabbath, as there is in doing all of God's commands, which none but those who are Christians in fact can appreciate. He who feels this blessedness has the least disposition of all men to attempt to force it upon others, because it came to him in quite another way, and he knows it must come to others in the same way that it came to him; and he has learned that Christ's kingdom is not a kingdom of force, but its ruling element is love. "The Sabbath was made for man "Šfor his highest good intellectually, physically, and morally. It was given to him as a reminder of his obligations to the true God, the fear of whom " is the beginning of wisdom." Man was not made for the Sabbath,Šhe was not made 4io protect it by law, or in any other way. God will do that work for his own day, and in his own good way. S. 0. LANE. Letter From New Hampshire. Keene, N. H. Sept. 8, 1890. EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL Š Dear Sirs: Through your courtesy, or that of some mindful friend, I have received sev-eral copies of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Each succeeding number has but con-firmed the good opinion I had of it from the first. It is indeed a tower of strength Ša veritable Samson demolishing the pillars and supports of both arrogance and ignorance, as manifested through sec-tarian bigotry. I wish it continued, and  enclose a year's subscription, one dollar, therefor. I sent for and obtained, of you, some weeks ago, " The National Sunday Law," which, for sound argument and logic, backed by historical and other facts, is unequalled by anything bearing on the subject, that has come to me. The efforts of Senator Blair to promote temperance and educational interests, apart from sec- tarian influences, are to be commended. But that he should be influenced to op-pose constitutional liberties, which he was chosen to protect and maintain, is not only a matter of surprise to many of his former supporters, but to all whose sense of honor and justice is superior to their desire to bring others to their standard of thought and action. The attempt to hoodwink the public into the belief that the Sunday - rest bill is secular in its intent and object, is a sub-terfuge too transparent to mislead any but those whose mental ability is too weak to distinguish between right and foul injus-tice, or those ever ready to accept the religious tenets of their spiritual teachers without enamination. Force bills, or measures, may be al-lowable in some directions, but never in denying the right of conscience in matters of religious beliefs or Sabbath observ-ances. It was in view of the intolerance of the church, of its " history traced in blood "Šdisgraceful to the lowest order of barbariansŠthat the framers of our Gov-ernment wisely ordained that Church and State should be widely separated. And it is indeed a matter of surprise that in this progressive day and age, there should be found in our national councils, men so unmindful of the rights of the people they were chosen to protect, as to thus lend their influence to weaken and abro-gate the safeguards of our constitutional rights and liberties. IRA W. RUSSELL. CHRISTIANITY and Churchism are two very different things. Christianity is a scheme of virtue and benevolence for the elevation of mankind. Churchism is a scheme of churchmen for power, plunder, and persecution. Our fathers utterly re-pudiated Churchism, refusing it either power or money ; but said nothing of re-ligion proper. The Churches of Rome, Russia, England, Turkey, and Mormon-dom are as far from Christ as day from night. In the United States is the only true Church with power to persuade; but none to tax, persecute, curse, or injure. Our fathers placed it just where it should be.ŠPolitical Record, San Francisco, Cal. " HAS civil government," inquires the Orleans Herald, " any right to administer divine law ?" Certainly not; for civil government to attempt such a thing would be to put itself in the place of God, and destroy individual responsibility to God. 