118 A.M1EnsCA.N VoL. 11, No. 15. (3) This legislation is not needed. (a) As a rule the farmers are more strict, if possible, in their observance of Sunday than any other class of people, the only exception being in the case of the few who observe the seventh day its the Sabbath. But in their case, if the civil labor which they perform on Sunday constitutes so great an offence as to demand special legislation, surely they have a thousand-fold more reason to ask for special legislation to protect them in the observance of the seventh day, for there are a thousand-fold more people to create a disturbance on that day. But a petition from these people asking for such legislation would be laughed at, or treated with contempt. But have not the minority an equal right with the majority in demanding the protection of, the law in their, religious worship ? Most assuredly they have! But it is not protection the promoters of this bill are seeking to secure. It is con-formity to a form of religious worship. And there is no protection in such legislation, either to the promoters of the bill or to those upon whom it is intended to operate. (b) Labor on Sunday by the farmers, even though in a field ajoining a house of worship, does not disturb the worship, unless it is intentionally boisterous, and in that case the provisions of the Lord's day act would not be invoked to restrain the disturbance, but the statute would be appealed to which forbids the disturbing of a religious meeting. The sittings of the Legislature or of the courts of justice, the running of the public schools and other institutions of learning are not disturbed by civil employment during the six working days of the week. Nor is the religious worship of the Jews, and others who observe the Sabbath, disturbed by the noise of business which is carried on on that day, and which is greater if possible than on other days of the week. No one ever heard of a complaint being made by these people on account of the disturbance to their religious worship on the Sabbath. We repeat that this disturbance is simply of a mental character, and is occasioned solely by nonconformity to an act of religious worship. (c) Restraining people from civil employ-ment on Sunday does no good either to the one restrained or the one who restrains him. The one restrained is not made civil by the restraint, because that from which he is restrained is not uncivil. And he certainly is not made religious by the restraint, for people are not made religious in that way. "If righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain," Gal. 2:21. So far, then, as the one whom is this intended to restrain is concerned, this legislation is not needed, for he is made neither civil nor religious by it, and so far as the one who restrains him is concerned, he can derive no possible benefit from the legislation unless it be from the moiety of the fine which is allowed him ,for entering the complaint. Aside from this consideration, he is no better pecuniarily, and if that is the object of his entering the complaint he is certainly no better for having entered it. (4) We protest against this bill because it is legislation against the law of God. The divine command is always and everywhere, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Now if the Legislature has the right to decide in regard to the manner in which the Lord's Day shall be observed, the provisions of the act ought certainly to con-form to the requirements of the divine statute. But they do not, for the day which is required to be observed by the Lord's day act of On-tario is not the seventh day. And therefore, if this bill becomes a law, it will be directly  opposed to the law of God, and it will require the farmer either to commit sin or to pay a fine for not doing it. OPPOSED TO THE AMENDMENT. [Sabbath Outlook, April 2.] THE Watchman, (March 19) speaking of the Constitutional amendment which pro-poses to unite Church and State under its specious pleadings, takes the same ground that we have already announced. Those who love Christianity and seek its highest good must oppose such mistaken notions, even though some may also oppose them because they are enemies of Christianity. The Watch-man says:Š The circumstance that in opposing this amendment, Baptists will be ranged with the irreligious forces of the community against those churches which have not accepted the principle of the separation of Church and State is perhaps to be deplored, but it should not weaken our courageous advocacy of our own convict-ions. Some will antagonize this amendment simply on the ground of their opposition to Christianity, and those who antagonize it on other grounds will be re-garded by some thoughtless and superficial persons as adopting a course hostile to the interests of true relig-ion. But we oppose the amendment not because we hate Christianity, but because we love it, and believe that Christ made a distinction between civil and reli-gious affairs, between the service that is due an earthly sovereign and that which is due to the Supreme Ruler, between the interests intrusted to the State and those intrusted to the Church. We wish the Watchman and its Baptist compeers would take the same definite stand concerning Sunday laws; as they would, no doubt, if their own unscriptural practice was not involved. MORAL AND CIVIL GOVERNMENT. BY W. W. PRESCOTT. Sin and Crime. GOD in Christ Jesus deals with sin; the State deals with crime. The scripture says, " The thought of foolishness is sin; " but it is not crime. Therefore as Jesus Christ dwells in the mind, ruling the thoughts, anything contrary to his thought is sin, and he deals with sin. Sin is defined in the Scripture to be the " transgression of the law," and Jesus Christ in his kingdom deals with sin. The State has nothing to do with sin; it is crime that it deals with. Sin is the transgression of God's law in the thought of the heart. Sin is a lapse from holiness, and holiness dwells in the inmost heart. Anything differ-ent to that is sin; but the State cannot in-quire about that. It waits till the thought becomes an overt act contrary to its law; because while God has a law to rule the heart, the State has a law to rule the action. When one transgresses the law of the State, he may or may not have sinned against God, but it is crime. There should be a careful distinction drawn between sin and crime. Crime is transgression of human law; sin is transgression of God's law as interpreted by Jesus Christ. Sin may or may not be crime. A man may be a murderer of the blackest type before God, and not be guilty of a crime. I may be an idolater, breaking God's law every day, and not have committed a single crime. I may be dark and deep-stained with sin, and not commit any crime. Morality and Civility. God's Government is moral; the govern-ment of the State is civil. Christ deals with morality. But we must understand what mo- rality is. There is an accommodated sense of the word, in which we say, " He is not a Christian, but he is a moral man." When we come to the strict sense of the word, it means " One that is in harmony with God's law.".  The word " civil has to do with the relations between man and man; the word " moral " has to do with the relations between man and God. The truly moral man will be civil, you may be sure of that, and the only purpose of civil government is to make those men civil who would not be otherwise, who are not governed by the higher law of morality, the law of God in the heart. The object, and the only object, of Cxsar's government is,Šnot to give men rights, God does that,Šbut to protect men in their God-given rights. No company of men can con-fer rights upon any other company of men, but they can protect them in the proper use of those rights which they already have. Those rights belong to them, they are given them of God. Men will not be moral; then the State comes in with its power, and compels, and properly too, those men who will not be moral, to be civil. Outward con-duct is civility; inward conduct is morality. God lives in the heart, making men moral by conferring upon them his own moral charac-ter. But the State cannot do this; it cannot get into the mind and see when men are com-mitting sin. All the State can do is to look at the body, see whether men are committing crime or not, and make them civil if they will not be moral. Forgiveness vs. Penalty. Further, God in Christ exercises forgiveness in his government; Cfflsar knows no forgive-ness, he knows nothing but the penalty. A man commits a sin against God, he has been a sinner all his life, but he sees Christ lifted up, and hears the promise, " If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unright-eousness," and he accepts that promise; and right there his sins are forgiven; his load of crime is entirely removed; and he stands before God as though he had never com-mitted a sin in his life. But if a man com-mits a crime, he may be ever so sorry, and he may confess to Caesar, but Omar says, "Settle that with your Maker; I know nothing but the penalty." If we should introduce into civil govern-ment the principles God uses in his kingdom, we should have perfect confusion. Look at these principles: " Then came Peter to him, and said, Lord, how oft shall my brother .sin against me, and I forgive him ? till seven times ? Jesus saith unto him, I say not unto thee, Until seven times, but, Until seventy times seven." " Take heed to yourselves: If thy brother trespass against thee, rebuke him; and if he repent, forgive him. And if he trespass against thee seven times in a day, and seven times in a day turn again to thee, saying, I repent; thou shalt forgive him." Matt. 18:21, 22; Luke 17:3, 4. Suppose we should apply this principle to civil government. Here is a man arrested for horse stealing. He is brought up before the judge, and says, "I am very sorry, and the Bible says you must forgive." The judge says, " You are forgiven." He goes out and steals another horse, is brought back, and again forgiven. He does that seven times over. How do you think the judge would feel ? I think that by the time he had reached the seventh experience he would think that there was some mistake about the law. These principles, which are the very glory of God's moral government, the very glory of his character, we cannot apply to 