386 THE AlVIERICA_N SENTINEL. Crafts teaches the parents that the money must be sent by the children to the Sunday school, carefully, sealed up; and, then, in addition, there must,  be-a ,system of checks and balances by-reports of the,  superinten-dent, to the.parents, so that they ; can 'be certain that their;children are honest. To teach honesty as well as all the other virt7  nes is-supposed Ao be the very object of the Sunday school. It is, certainly the ob-ject of Christianity, and it is likewise sup-posed that parents who ,are sufficiently interested in the cause of Christianity to give money for missionary work, and to teach their children to give it, are at least, professed Christians, and are therefore, supposed to instruct their children in the Christian virtues and graces. At least all this ought to be, but from Mr. Crafts's statement, and from the whole tenor of his book, it would appear that such is not his understanding of what the purpose of the Christian religion is, and that the instruc-tion in Sunday schools under his guidance would not take this direction. For ourselves we have more respect for both the parents and the children in the Sunday schools of the United States than to think for an instant that they are such characters as he pictures. But this is the theory upon which he would have them proceed, and this is the theory upon which the whole scheme of Sunday legislation is based. But this is not all of that quotation that is objectionable; this is not the only point that is contrary to the gospel of Christ. The last expression in that quotation re-veals another important point, in which the teachings of the Sunday-law workers are directly opposite to the teachings of Christianity. He says that such a " sys-tem, more than the saving of money, means prevention of Sabbath breaking and con-science breaking by little embezzlers who were not before sufficiently protected against temptation." The idea , of protecting people from temptation, and of taking away all pros-pect ofŁtemptation, rather than to instill into the individual a courage that can meet temptation, and a power that will overcome it, is the point to which we refer as being contrary to the teachings of Chris-tianity. This is not peculiar to Mr. Crafts. This theory runs through all the movement, of which he is but a part, notably in the work of the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union. Not long since, in. Washington City, we went to a meeting of the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union. Quite a lengthy speech was made upon the work and the aims of the Union. The whOle idea of the speech, and the one point of it all was the object of taking away temptation from the people of this 'world. The speaker with much enthusiaSin described the peace and glory of " the good time coming," when, by the work of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, all evil shall have  been suppressed:by law and all temptation removed; when the mothers can taketheir little boys in their arms and dandle them upon their knees in the blesSed assurance-' that that they will never have to meet any temptation. Now there is no such time ever Coining in this world as that speaker described. The,time will never be in this world When people will be free from temptation:, and, aside from this, the theory of morals that would take away temptation for fear that a person will do wrong, is utterly false. Virtue can never be inculcated nor culti-vated by .any such process. Morality can never be developed by any such means. If such a theory were true, then the proper thing for fhe Lord to have done would have been to have staid in Heaven and killed the devil at once. He certainly had the power to do so. It would have been easy enough for him to have destroyed Satan at a breath, and with him to have swept away every vestige of evil and temptation in the world, but nobody in the world would ever have been any better by it. Such a proceeding as that would never have fitted a single soul for the society of angels, nor to dwell in the presence of God. In-stead of doing such a thing as that, the Lord came to the world himself, took upon him man's nature; stood in this world as all men stand; met all that men meet; was touched with the feeling of our infirmi-ties, and was tempted in all points like as we are; and by his divine power conquered every temptation in order that-  Men may by the same divine power also conquer temptation, and build up by his grace such characters as will love the right only, and will do the right which' they love, in the face of all the temptations that can ever be invented in this world. The theory of the gospel of Christ there-fore is, not the taking away of temptation for fear that men will do evil, but the im-planting in man of an enmity to evil, the im-planting of a supreme love of right, and a power to do the right which they love. The theory of the gospel is not to keep men in perpetual infancy by taking away every form of difficulty or trial, but to build up strong, courageous, .manly men, by the divine power which it brings to them. Con7  Sequently the Scriptures make no promise to take away temptations from men, -but, instead, exhort, "My'brethren count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations," and pronounce, " Blessed is the -man that endureth temptation," and; again; speak-ing of the living hope into which God has begotten us by the resurrection from the dead, the apostle sayS : " Wherein ye greatly rejoice, though now for' a season, if need be, ye are in heaviness through manifold temptations." - The Lord-  has not promised to the Chris-tian that he shall have no fighting to do, but instead, the command iS, "Fight the good fight of faith." The Lord has not promised the Christian that he shall have  no race to run, but instead, the command is, "Run with, patience the race that is set before us," and "So run that ye may ob-tain." The Lord has not promised a triumph te'those who have done no fight-ing, but to those who have;-conquered. "To him that oVercometh [conquereth] will I grant to sit:with me in my throne, even as I also overcame [conquered], and am set down 'with my Father in-.his throne." It would be easy to fill one of- these col-umns with scriptures clearly showing the same thing, but these are sufficient to show that those who are working for religious legislation are proceeding upon a false theory wholly; that, although they profess to be Christians, they employ methods and hold ideas that are the opposite of Chris-tianity ; and that, although they profess to be ministers of the gospel, and gospel workers, their whole movement, its meth-ods, its theories, and the very idea of it, are directly contrary to the gospel of Jesus Christ. It is for this reason, as the chiefest of all reasons, that we are opposed to the movememt in behalf of religious legisla-tion to any extent whatever, and for this reason every Christian ought to be opposed to it. Every person who loves the gospel of Christ ought to denounce such a move-ment. It is of itself evil, and nothing but evil can ever come of it. A. T. J. "Secular Morality." LAST week we examined very briefly a number of the so-called reasons given by the President of the American Secular Union for opposing the reading of the Bible, in the public schools. The conclu- sion was that President Westbrook and those who hold with him, object to the Bible in the schools because they do not believe it; and that did they believe the Bible they would stand shoulder to shoul-der with those who demand that it shall be read in our public schools. That this is true is' further shown by what they themselves .denaand. In the addreSs before referred to, Presi-dent Westbrook said The American Secular Union, more than a year ago, offered a prize of $1,000 for the best essay or manual to aid teachers in our free State schools to thoroughly instruct children and youth in the purest principles of morality without inculcating religious doctrines. . . We suggested that this essay should contain a comprehensive and suggestive exhibit, with familiar and practical illustrations of those universal foundation principles and axiomatic truths which underlie all sound amorality and.rightfulness, thus developing and educating that inherent moral sense which is.more or less common to all rational human beings. In short, that it should show how to tench children the natural and essential difference between right and wrong;  and the 'reasons therefor, without reference to sacerdotal creeds and sectarian dogmas: Authors of every: grade 'have earnestly entered into friendly competition for this prize, and not one has found any difficulty in showing, how to teach morality without offense to persons holding the most diversified and extreme views in religion. There is no difference of opinion in regard to mo-rality. Jews and Gentiles, Mohammedans and 