THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 757 cal , device. They will add a very interesting and important feature to the great Exposition. Buffalo is one of the greatest commercial cities of North America, ranking as the fourth in impor-tance of all the cities of the world in its marine business. Within one _night's ride of Buffalo are the homes of 44,000,000 people, or more than half the population of the United States. The city is preparing for the entertainment of a vast number of visitors throughout the Exposition season. WHY WE OPPOSE SUNDAY CLOSING. IN all seriousness THE SENTINEL 'OF LIBERTY would respectfully enter a strong protest against any State enactment to close the gates of the Pan-American Exposition Łon the first day, of the week. Why? Not because we, are opposed to Chris-tianity, for we do not believe Sunday closing by the State would represent Christianity at 'all, but rather the opposite. Nor is" it because we are opposed to any church or organization which demands Sunday closing, for we are opposed to no church, and maintain the right of every man to hold and advocate whatever re-ligious opinions he may choose, restrained only by a proper respect for the rights of others. Nor do we oppose Sunday closing because we do not want the working-men, whom the decision of the question may affect, to enjoy the privilege of resting one day in the week. We have nothing to say against the right of any man to observe the first day of the week as a sabbath. Nor is it that we oppose Sunday, for legislation favoring any other weekly day of rest would be quite as bad as that enjoining Sunday observance. We oppose Sunday closing by the State because the State can not show favors to religion without injuring both its own interests and those of the Christian church. We oppose Sunday closing by the State because the Christian church can not make any alliance with Clesar without practically denying her alliance with the Omnipotent. We oppose Sunday closing by the State because, as nobody is forced to work on Sunday against his consent, such action by the State will preserve no person's' rights, while it necessarily will invade the rights of those who would visit the Exposition were the gates not closed. We oppose Sunday closing by the State because such a proceeding would involve the whole principle of church-and-state union, and would establish a precedent upon the strength of which further legis-lation for Sunday or for any other religious observ-ance might be demanded. We oppose Sunday closing by the State because Sunday observance is a matter to be decided by the individual conscience and not by decree of the civil power. If the directors of the Exposition feel that they can not sanction an open Exposition on Sun-day, if' exhibitors feel that they can not consci-entiously display their exhibits on that day, if the people feel in conscience bound to stay away from the Exposition on the first day of the week, that is their right, and we have nothing to say against it. But for the good of the Exposition, for the good of the State, and for the good of religion and the church, let the question of Sunday observance be - settled by the people individually, each one for himself, and not settled by seeking to force the decision of one person upon the conscience of another. s. WHAT DO WE MEAN BY MORALITY ? THIS question was asked at the New York State Conference of Religion by a Hindu. It is little wonder that this representative of paganism asked the question, for conflicting theories had been pre- 