OCTOBER 4, 1894. A  tE1r itCA_N 11F_N "IPIL o 3 ti selling Sunday papers. Thus we teach the teachers of the people that money is more important than the Decalogue. Our political and social debasement is the direct punishment of Sabbath desecration, and this political corruption brings in hosts of other sins. For one or more of these God sends the drought. We ought to do one of two things: either repudiate the fourth commandment or stop the Sunday mails and baseball. Perhaps if the preachers put more Chris-tian patriotism into their sermons their congregations would be larger. " Ye shall keep my Sabbaths and rever-ence my sanctuary ; I am the Lord. If ye walk in my statutes and keep my com-mandments and do thorn; then will I give you rain in due season." This text from Leviticus, 26th chapter, seems to especially connect Sabbath-keeping and reverencing God's sanctuaries with seasonable showers. -Christian Patriot, ( Morristown, Tenn.,) Sept. 15. To Combat the A. P. A. HAVERHILL, Mass., Sept. 25.-The Pa-triotic Catholic American is the name of a new organization which, its founders be-lieve will counteract the influence of the A. P. A. in this section of the country. The organazition has just been formed, and it is claimed that there are twelve branches already.-New York Sun, Sept. 26, 1894. Crispi and Canossa. HOWEVER it may fare with her oppres-sors, the Church can afford to wait for justice, because she has all time at her disposal. If Premier Crispi has not actu-ally arrived at Canossa, he is well on his way thither. His policy of warfare on .religion and morality - against which honest Protestants themselves have pro-tested-have created. the dangers which now threaten his country, and from which only the Church can save her. Having done his best to make anarchists, he would nowŁraise the cross between himself and his creatures. This is the meaning of his call the other day at Naples for a union of forces against anarchism, under a banner inscribed, " For God, our King, and our Country." But the Church must have freedom of action that she exert to the full her benefi-cent influence in the crisis through which the Italian government is passing; and that implies papal independence. With the papal question unsettled, Rome remains the weak point of the Italian kingdom. Is Crispi beginning to see the necessity of sacrificing ill-gotten posses-sion to secure true Italian unity ?-The - Pilot ( Catholic ), Sept. 22. Seven Lodges Suspended for Sunday Meetings. READING, Sept. 24.-A special meeting of the Grand Trustees of the Grand Lodge of Elks of the United States was held here this afternoon to consider the disagree-ments and discussions in the order. When the order was founded it consisted chiefly of theatrical men and those who found it convenient to meet on Sunday. Finally the Sunday meetings were severely crit-icised, but there were a number of lodges which refused to change the day of meet-ing. To-night Grand Exalted Ruler Friday issued a proclamation suspending the following lodges, which are the only ones to disobey the circular of June 1894, com-manding the discontinuance of Sunday meetings: New York, No. 1; Philadelphia,  No. 2; Baltimore, No. 7; Boston, No. 10; Washington, No. 15; Denver, Colo., No. 17, and Norfolk. VI, , No. 38. The suspend( d lo lges are forbidden to hold any further meetings or to transact business as Elks lodges, and all lodges are directed to deny admission or recognition to any of the suspended lodges or their members. If seven or more law-abiding Elks of suspended lodges desire to reorgan-ize their lodges, a dispensation will be granted on application.-Sun, Sept, 25. A Catholic Innovation. CONSIDERABLE attention is being at-tracted to a Roman Catholic Church in Minneapolis on account of innovations that have been introduced into its religious life. It is so seldom that the Catholic Church adopts anything that savors of Protestantism, that the press at large makes mention of this particular case. In the first place, a Bible class was organized about a year ago for the study of the Catholic Bible. It would be unheard of to study the Protestant Bible; but it was the Bible nevertheless. This class was thrown open to the general public, and during the last season there was an aver-age attendance of sixty. But, mirabile dicta ! this same church, and, by the way, it is one of the largest and most influential in the Northwest, has now introduced con-gregational singing. This is something entirely new in America, although it has been in vogue in England and Germany. But this is not to be chanting or anything in that nature. A regular hymn book is being prepared, and they are to enjoy genuine congregation al singing.They will use many of the favorite Protestant hymns, too, and with the same old tunes that have made them so familiar to that church. These innovations will undoubt-edly be welcomed, not only in the Protes-tant, but even in the Catholic Church, as showing a marked progress towards the spirit of the times.-New York Sunday World, Sept. 28. Pope Leo's Interest in America. BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. 21. - Bishop Keane, of the Catholic University, at Washington, arrived in Baltimore this evening from Rome, and is the guest of Cardinal Gibbons at the archiepiscopal residence. While in Rome, Bishop Keane had two long audiences with the pope. " His holiness took a great interest in what was and had been going on in Amer-ica," said the bishop. " He asked me about the church here, and about the po-litical and economic conditions of this country. He wanted to know about the political struggles, and inquired about our labor troubles, and I found that he shared, to a great extent, the prevalent belief in Europe that the riots here were the out-growth of Socialism, and foreshadowed a possible revolution. I relieved his mind on that point by telling him that, in this case, out of evil good was certain to come. His love for his eminence, Cardinal Gib-bons, was very manifest from his talk Mgr. Satolli, too, shares the warmest af-fection of the pope. He is pleased with the acts of Mgr. Satolli since his appoint-ment as the representative of his holiness in tins country. Leo does not believe that either monarchical or imperial forms of government will be tolerated in the future, but that democracy will wield its sway. He regards America and France as the foremost and broadest types of that form  of government. America he looks upon as the bulwark of the church. " The relations between the Vatican and Quirnal," continued his grace, " have scarcely changed an iota in recent years. The pope is proof against influences brought to bear upon him to withdraw his influence from France and place it with the Triple Alliance. Humbert now real-zies that he has been foolish in his atti-tude. The pope's standing on this point remains unchanged and he will die in the same policy he has all along maintained. Italy is bankrupt and on the verge of dis-solution," said the bishop. " It is held together for the time by Germany. The latter has taken her loans again and again, but will not do so any more. The Italian national government, however, will never be broken up. It will become in the fu-ture, I suppose, a republic, with the pope having the undisputed gubernatorial priv-ilege in the city of Rome. The pope was very much pleased to know that his em-inence, Cardinal Gibbons, contemplated a visit to Rome."7-Washington Post, Sept. 22, 1894. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY LIBRARY. No. 1. Due Process of Law and the Divine Right of Dissent. A review of Judge Hammond's decision in the King case. By A. T. Jones. 120 pages. Price, 15 cents. No. 2, Religious Intolerance in the Republic. A por, trayal of recent persecutions in Tennessee. 16 pages. Price 2 cents. No. 3. Church and State. By James T. Ringgold, of the Baltimcre Bar. 60 pages. Price, 10 cents. No. 4. The National Sunday Law. Arguments by A. T. Jones in opposition to the Blair Sunday-rest Bill. 102 pages. Price. 25 cents. No. 5. Sunday Laws in the United States. By James T. Ringgold. 24 pages. Price, 3 cents. No. 6. The Captivity of the Republic. 128 pages. Price, 15 cents. No. 7. Appeal and Remonstrance. 24 pages. Price, 3 cents. No. S. Appeal from the U. S. Supreme Court Decision Making this a "Christian Nation." A Protest. By A. T. Jones. 86 pages. Price, 15 cents. No. 10. Religious Liberty and the Mormon Question. 20 pages. Price, 23i  cents. No. 11. The " Civil Sabbath;" or Disguised Religious Legislation. 12 pages. Price, Hi cents. No. 12. The Columbian Year, and the Meaning of the Four Centuries. 94 pages. Price, cents. No. 13. The Limits of Civil Authority. 12 pages. Price, 156 cents. No. 14. Christ and the Sabbath.' 40 pages. Price, 5 cents. No. 15. Rome's Challenge: Why Do Protestants Keep Sunday 90 pages. Price, 5 cents. No. 16. Our Answer: Why Do Seventh-day Adventists Suffer Imprisonment Rather Than Keep Sunday I By A. F. Ballenger. 12 pages. Price, Hi cents. No. 18. Christ and the Pharisees; or, Christ's Faithful-ness in Sabbath-keeping. 40 pages. Price, 5 cents. No. 19. Protestantism, True and False. 32 pages. Pr ,-o, 4 cents. No. 20. Civil Government and Religion. 182 pages. Price, 25 cents. No. 21. Congress on Sunday Legislation. 16 pages. Price, 13.1 cents. No. 22. The Legal Sunday: Its History and Character. 260 pages. Price, 90 cents. The same in cloth, 75 cents. No. 23. The Sabbath Question in the Dominion Parlia-ment, as viewed by Hon. G. Amyot, M. P. 12 pages. Price, 1m cents. No. 24. What Do These Things Mean'? The true mean-ing of the present unsettled condition of "Capital and Labor," finances, etc. 20 pages. Price, 23i cents. Annual subscription to the Library, 51 Liberal discounts on any of the numbers in quantities and to the trade. Yon can Bind One Sheet, or three hundred sheets, In ten seconds. The Klip binds loose sheets. pamphlets, or magazines. If you want covers also, you had better send for a Klip price-list-that's free. If you will try the Klip, I will mail a sample dozen, six sizes, and a pair of Klip-Keys to put them on with for seventy-five cents. H. H. BALLARD, 103, Pittsfield, Mass. TEdited by one sending the Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over the land. Agents wanted, 50 per cent. commission. Trial year 20 cents. Terms and sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGHT, 40 Green Street, Brattleboro, Vt. PRISON LIGH 