illill111011PtgliintILIN00  ili 1111, 11111111 Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 24, 1891. NUMBER 38. The American Sentinel. PITEMSECIED WEEVILLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Claes Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KnE, A SUNDAY law makes a matter of con-science with the majority a matter of crime in the minority. And the man who observes another day than Sunday, whose labor disturbs the consciences of others, is compelled by such a law to render one-sixth of his income for the sake of the majority. That is, the State by a Sunday law exacts from the Sabbatarian one day in the week, which it does not from the Sunday-keeper. Ł 1- Ł I DENY the right of the law of the land to define how much, or just when, a man shall rest. I deny that it should say I shall and must rest one day in seven be-cause it is good for me, as I would deny its right to say that I must bathe once a clay, or once in every seven days; or that I should refrain from eating pork, or mix-ing pickles with my ice-cream, because thus to bathe or thus to refrain is good for me. I prefer to receive such instruc-tion from my physician, and not from Congress nor the American Sabbath Un-ion.ŠRev. H. B. Maurer. A CALIFORNIA minister, who seems to see in a Sunday law all the elements of necessary reform, is reported as saying :Š We do not wish to invoke any civil law to say that you shall worship here or that you shall wor-ship there, or worship at all; but we do want to be able to invoke the civil law to say that this shall be a non-secular day. " That," says a Pacific Coast paper, " is simply asking for a civil law that will assume the prerogative of God. The Cre-ator of days has never said Sunday shall  be a non-secular day, and he only can legitimately give character to a day. These Sunday-law preachers always boast that they do not want to say what men shall do on Sunday ; but they are forward in demanding what they shall not do. Where is the difference in principle ? Let them really succeed in getting the power to pre-scribe the acts of their fellows to the ex-tent of limiting them, and the success will but whet the appetite for further power. The more of human power they acquire, the more they will depend upon that, and deny the power of godliness.' Then de-termining what men shall do, will follow as a natural consequence." The American Sentinel and the Churches. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL has occasion frequently to criticise the actions, politi-cal and otherwise, of the churches, yet this does not in any way spring from any disrespect for the churches as such, nor for the religion which the Protestant churches profess. THE SENTINEL is en-tirely Christian so far as we are able to understand Christianity from the Scrip-tures. As true Christianity is as far as the east is from the west from the prin-ciples and practices of the Roman Cath-olic Church, and we being to the best of our ability allied to true Christianity, it follows as a matter of course that we are decidedly Protestant. We believe in one God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. We believe in Jesus Christ as the Word of God, who is God, by whom " were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers," who is before all things, and by whom all things consist; by whom alone there is salvation; and who "is able to save to the uttermost all who come unto God by him." We believe in the Holy Spirit as the one who convinces the world of sin and of righteousness, and of judgment; 411.4 as tile Comforter and the Guide into all truth, of all who believe in Jesus. We believe that " except a man be born again he cannot see the kingdom of God," either here or hereafter; and that in order to this new birth, men must be " justified by faith without the deeds of the law." We believe that it is by the obedience of Christ alone that men are made righteous; that this righteousness is the gift of God ; that it is received by faith and kept by faith; and that there is no righteousness that will avail for any man, except this " righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe; for there is difference; for all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God." We believe the Bible to be the word of God. We believe, according to the word of God, that the Church is utterly separated from the world, and bound to Christ in the love of God, as a chaste virgin to a lawful and loving husband. This being so, the members of the Church cannot be joined to the world without being counted by the word of God as adulterers against him to whom they profess to be joined in love. Says the Scripture, " Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God ? whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God." James 4:4. As the individual members of the Church of Christ cannot be joined to the world without being counted by the word of God as adulterers against him, so also the Church as a body cannot be joined in any way to the powers of the world with-out likewise being declared by the word of God an adulteress and a harlot. When the professed Christian Church of the fourth century forsook her Lord and joined herself to the imperial power of Rome, she was fully committed to that corrupt course in which the word of God describes her as that great harlot, " with whom the kings of the earth have com-mitted fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication." " And the wo- 