AUGUST 10, 1808. REN-FrINAT,L., State, and ask them to pass similar resolutions and circulate such petitions to their societies. It is hardly necessary to comment on these resolutions, as they speak for them-selves; but a casual remark or two may not be amiss. In the first preamble will be noticed the usual egotism of such movements, as in arrogating to the Sun-day-closing advocates the credit of being " the intelligent citizens of these United States." All would unite with the Christian Endeavorers in the sentiment of the second preamble, if they would stop there. But in singling out Sunday-closing as the only feature in the conduct of the exposition worthy of mention as having a bearing on the "good name of our State" and the " moral character of our people," they display a very narrow idea of what constitutes a good name or moral charac-ter. This plainiy indicates that they are far more exercised for the honor of their Sunday " Diana " than they are for the moral welfare of the people. The suggestion in the first resolution of an "irreversible clause securing Sunday-closing" suggests the "laws of the Medes and Persians," and the second and third resolutions call to mind the old Scottish League and Covenants. The whole matter could have been written in one sentence, namely, " Unless the Christian Endeavor Society can dictate the conduct of the exposition, the church" must boycott it." INVOKING THE MINISTERIAL WHIP. We are fast coming to that point where the ministry will be virtually the court of last resort. An instance of our progress in that direction is now before us in this city. The dry goods clerks inaugurated a move for entire Sunday-closing (a number of the stores having been kept open a part of the afternoon). All the employers but two have agreed to a closing proposition, and the clerks have asked the ministers of the city to preach on the subjectŠpre-sumably for the purpose of coercing these two merchants into line as Sunday ob-servers. Of course, the movement of the clerks is ostensibly that they may have Sunday to themselves; but when the min-isters take hold of the matter it takes on a new feature, and even the results, so far gained without their intervention, will be hailed as a victory for Sunday. But the most incomprehensible act in connection with this movement is that of the Morning Times, always heretofore an ultra opponent of such a principle, in openly proposing a boycott on the two merchants who have so far held out against closing their stores on Sunday. This position on the part of the Times is the more surprising because of its adverse criticism of the Christian Endeavor action in. regard to the Midwinter Fair. NO MORE " CIVIL SABBATH " TALK. The " civil Sabbath " hobby is obsolete. It was advocated in California for several years as a blind, but its advocates never wanted it. They wanted to stop work on Sunday because they considered it a sacred day; the civil Sabbath was only a popular campaign cry. The last legislature passed a literal civil Sabbath law; it pro-vides for a day of rest in every seven for laboring men, and as the day is not speci-fied it may be upon any day according to law. But this civil Sabbath law does not stop the clamor for a Sunday law. "This is a Christian Nation " now, according to the Supreme Court of the United States, and a civil Sabbath is entirely too tame an  institution for a " Christian " people. The civil Sabbath is dead. That one-day-in-seven rest law will never be enforced except it be on Sunday. It is possible that some day, in some manner, a hypo-dermic injection of the " dragon " spirit may bring it to life in a new garb. In short, it may in some mysterious way become " Christianized," possibly in the manner in which the Nation was ChristianizedŠby the dictum of a court. There is no telling all that will happen or just how it will happen, in these days of political and religious deception. But one thing we do know, " In the last days perilous times will come." We know this, because the Word of the Lord says so, and already the thick shadow of coming events is cast over us. W. N. GLENN. Oakland, Cal., July 21, 1893. An Astounding Misstatement. THE most astounding case of reckless statement and perversion of facts which we have seen for a long time is found in the lesson comment written by J. L. Withrow, D.D., and published in the ,In- terior, of June 22, 1893. Speaking of Paul's visit to Philippi, he says :Š Paul appears to have reached Philippi during the week ; and he used the days of it, probably, to look about and study the people. On the Sabbath day he betook himself to a spot outside the city, where he learned some devout Jewish worshipers, women, were accustomed to gather. He had be-come a Christian and the first day of the week was his Sabbath. But Paul was no stubborn bigot, bent on squaring everything to his convictions and creed. " He had become a Christian and the first day of the week was his Sabbath." A statement more unfounded, more out of accord with the facts and circumstances more utterly false in the light of New Testament history and the practices and surroundings of the times, could scarcely be made. It is equally astounding that a man like Mr. Withrow could have had the face to make it without qualification, or that he could expect it to go unchal-lenged. Such perverting of facts, and misleading students of the Bible, comports illy with Mr. Withrow's place as a minis-ter of truth, or with the Interior as a reli- gious paper. The book of Acts and the letters of. Paul, taken altogether, contain but one refer- ence to the first day of the week, (Acts 20: ':();--A4d, that  reference shows (see Cony-beare and Howson's " Life of Paul," as well as the text) that Paul used Sunday as an ordinary day for secular work, pursu- ing his journey after the meeting on "Sat-urday evening," of which the account is given. On the other hand, the Sabbath is mentioned, and the observance of it by Paul and the other apostles is declared re- peatedly in the book of Acts. The blind- ness which induced Dr. Withrow to write as above surpasses credulity, and the want of literary and Christian honesty can scarcely be reconciled with the facts. All this is a strong contrast with a pas- sage from the notes of Alexander McLaren on the same lesson, Sunday School Times, June 17, 1893, in which he incidently de-scribes Paul honestly and accurately as he appeared at Philippi. Dr. McLaren says :Š If the reading of the Revised Version is adopted, the apostle concluded that he would find a Jewish " place of prayer" somewhere by the riverside, and went to look for it on the Sabbath. " We sat down and spake unto the women." That is all. No blow-ing of trumpets, no beating of drums of any sort. A few women and four weather-beaten travelers  talking together by the banks of the rushing river. How scornfully the great folk of Philippi would have smiled if they had been told that the chief title of their city to be remembered at all would be the presence in it of that one insignificant Jew, and his letter to the church founded on that morning. This accords with the facts. The term " Christian," if used at all at that time, was one of reproach. Paul was yet a Jew proclaiming the world's Messiah as the re-deemer of both Jews and Gentiles. To as-sume that he and his fellow apostles had broken away from prevailing customs, were teaching that Sunday was the Sab-bath, and that he was in the habit of keep-ing it as such, at Philippi, and that he went to this " Jewish place of prayer" only in the accommodative spirit of his larger faith, when there is no trace of any such thing on record in all that he or the writer of the Acts ever wrote, evinces ig-norance or a desire to conceal facts for the sake of supporting an imperilled Sunday. Men who can write thus are preparing for themselves and their "American Sabbath" repeated defeats and an increasing lack of confidence on the part of " sinners " whom they seek to win to faith in the Bible and Christianity. Such treatment of sacred history is most efficient in destroying faith in the Book and in the religious leaders who thus pervert facts in order to sustain a false practice. Sunday is an "ecclesiastical institution" which was gradually developed after the New Testament period, and if its observ-ance cannot be defended on that ground, there is no shadow of defense for it.ŠThe Evangel and Sabbath Outlook. Seventh-Day Adventists of Maryland. ELDER JOHN F. JONES delivered last night at the hall of the Seventh-day Ad-ventists, at Calverton, a sermon in which he said : "As Marylanders we have in the past pointed with pride to our position on the subject of civil and religious liberty. But within the past few months there comes to us from across the Bay the sad news that American citizens, yes, and Maryland born citizens, too, are being imprisoned for exercising their God-given right to labor six days and rest upon the seventh, as commanded in the fourth precept of the Decalogue. Can it be true that sectarian bigots in their zeal for God have connived with the civil authorities to place upon our statute books laws to con-flict with the dictates of conscience con-cerning our duties to our Creator? Must my obligations to my Heavenly Father be de-termined by the code of Maryland ? Where in the divine code has God endowed civil authorities with power to dictate how he shall be worshiped ? " There now stand before the people of God two rival days, claiming their con-sideration as of divine origin. As individ-uals walking in the footsteps of Him who is our great example we enter upon an investigation of the claims of each. But the Creator is claimant in the case. Would it be right to allow the code of Maryland to decide which claim shall re-ceive the approval of the Creator of the earth ? Did Maryland create the heavens and the earth in six days, and command a rest to commemorate that event ? Dangers are ahead of us. Is Maryland, my Mary-land, prepared to join hands with religious bigots, and bring again the horrors of the Dark Ages? God forbid I Gladly will we join hands in every good word and work with our religious cotemporaries. But 