200 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 25. P'Ie Anieitical2 geOlirl. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JULY 17, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-ishers to pay for the same. BEFORE the Kansas City Ministers' Alliance, Dr. Crafts explained that his association was ad-vocating an " American Sabbath," and by that he meant "a day of rest, rather than the Christian Sabbath." That plea of merely a day of rest, for the physical benefit of Government and railroad employes, etc., etc., is getting.rather stale, in the face of his declaration before the Knights of La-bor, that "a weekly day of rest has never been secured in any land except on the basis of relig-ious obligation ; take the religion out, and you take the rest out." TIT "great credit" claimed for the Vander- bilt railroad system by its general passenger agent, for taking off its Sunday trains, gets an-other unwitting thrust in the house of its friends. This time it comes from District Secretary Rev. J. M. Foster, who says: "The railroad companies have been pushing their business seven days in the week until it has been overdone. The profits have been cut down until, from mere mercenary considerations, they are taking off their Sabbath freights. They can do the work in six days, and save the extra expense." Ł 4. ACCORDING to Dr. Crafts, the Christian religion is not a religion. He argues that the Blair Con-stitutiond Amendment bill proposes to forbid State Legislatures to set up an establishment of religion. This, he says, strengthens the Constitu-tion in this respect, which now only forbids Con-gress to do so. The sophistry of the argument is shown in the fact that, while the first section does forbid the States to establish religion, the second section makes it the express duty of Congress to guarantee that each State shall do that very thing. The provision is for teaching the Christian relig-ion in public schools, the most effectual way pos-sible to" establish " it. To say that this is not establishing religion by the States, is to say that the Christian religion is not a religion. THE National Reform "image" is being pushed forward with unusual vigor the present year. Their financial receipts are said to be gain-ing; they are adding new features to their work, for the purpose of interesting a wider range of people, and altogether the Executive Committee express hopes for a brilliant future. Miss E. J. Crothers of New York, has been appointed special secretary to promote the formation of "National Reform Circles" of "King's Daughters;" and Mrs. Mary A. Woodbridge of Ohio, a special secretary to present the cause of National Reform before the higher institutions of learning, in connection with a similar appointment she holds from the National W. C. T. U. In addition to these, spe-cial appointments of persons to look after almost every feature of such a work have been made. Perhaps that class of people who are opposed to this traitorous scheme, but still think " there is no danger," will wake up by and byŠwhen it is too Ate._ CARDINAL GIBBONS opposes prohibition, be-cause he thinks it is inefficient, but he is a stren-uous advocate of " a severe police Sunday law." The Voice points out the inconsistency of his position, and says that " the prohibitory laws of Maine, Kansas, and Iowa are far better enforced than the Sunday laws of the non-prohibition States." Then the Voice must agree with the AMERICAN SENTINEL, that prohibition, and not Sunday laws, is what temperance people should work for. Let this admission of the Voice be borne in mind. The advocates of Sunday laws would have it believed that these are the great and only temperance laws, and have condemned the AMERICAN SENTINEL because it advocates prohibition instead. Nevertheless the truth can-not be hidden, and there are many who will find it. To anyone who knows anything about the army in time of peace, the pathetic appeals for the "Sunday rest of the soldier," made by the apostles of National Reform, borders on the ludi-crous. There is no place in the country where Sunday is as completely a do-nothing day as in a military garrison. The morning inspection is hardly as much as ordinary people do in dressing up for church, with the addition that an officer walks around the company, noting the appearance of arms and clothing, and then walks through the quarters to see that they are clean. The cleaning up is always done on Saturday. This morning in-spection occupies about half an hour at most, and is over by nine o'clock. There is nothing more done until an hour before sunset, when there is a dress parade. There is none of the ordinary labor about the garrison done at all, not even prisoners being compelled to work. Guard duty of course goes on, but all not on detail that day have a day of absolute leisure. The evening parade is a check on those who are disposed to dissipate through the day; it compels them to be around before night, sober enough to go on parade, if they would avoid being disciplined. This class will rejoice at the abolishment of the Sunday parade. Ł  THE Washington Ratchet of June 9, has a notice of an effort to enforce the Sunday law in Washington, D. C., in which this sentence occurs : "This hypocritical pretense of remembering the Sabbath-day to keep it holy by driving people into all sorts of excesses should be done away with at once." The idea is that people are com-pelled to rest on Sunday and they are forbidden to go to places of amusement, or rather the mu-seums and other like places of public resort are closed upon that day; hence the people who find time hanging heavily upon their hands, seek pleas-ure in more doubtful places. It is certainly an evil to compel people to be idle, and then forbid them to engage in innocent recreation. We can-not think but that it is a mistake to make certain acts criminal upon one day which are perfectly legitimate and proper upon other days. The only proper basis for Sabbath observance is a conscientious regard for the law of God. A NUMBER of Chicago ministers, with Bishop Fallows at their head, called upon, the mayor 'of that city a few days since, to demand the Sunday-closing of barber shops and saloons. We can agree that saloons should be closed, not alone on Sunday but every day; but why barber shops are so particularly objectionable on Sunday we can-not imagine. We have never been in the habit  of associating saloons and barber shops together, but perhaps there is a demoralizing element in shaving that we have overlooked. But, be this as it may, these Chicago ministers are terribly in earnest in their efforts to have both the barber shops and saloons closed. Speaking of their visit, one of the committee which called upon the mayor, said: "We did not tell him he must close the bar-ber shops and saloons on Sunday, but we gave him to understand he would be remembered if he did not." That is, they simply threatened him with political boycott if he did not yield to their demands. In this they showed that they were con-sistent National Reformers. The cardinal prin-ciple of National Reform is the cardinal principle of the Papacy, and the cardinal principle of the Papacy is to have every man do as certain lead-ers shall dictate. *  Words of Appreciation. THE following letter speaks for itself, and is only one of many of a similar nature. It is sel- dom that we publish anything without the con- sent of the writer, but we trust that our Colorado friend will pardon this departure from our usual custom. The letter is so frank that we take it that the writer would be perfectly willing to have the public know his sentiments. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL, OAKLAND, CAL.ŠMy dear Sir and Brother : I call you brother because you are a friend of liberty, and any friend of liberty is my friend and brother. For some months past a good friend at Boulder, Colorado, has sent me many copies of your paper, which I have perused with pleasure, until now I want it, for a time at least. I am not a Christian of any sort, but I care not however much a person may believe in any religion so long as he is willing that his religion shall stand on its merits, without special favors from the law. You demonstrate the fact that you have faith in your religion, and are willing to have it take its chances with other beliefs. Good. I must also tell you that yours is the first and only Christian paper I ever read whose editors could apparently reason logically on matters pertaining to their religion. In this you seem to be an exception to the rule. I am very thankful to my friend for putting this pa-per into my hands ; for though I now take all the papers I can well read, I will take time to read the ANERICAN SENTINEL. Of the copies sent me I have read, I think, every word of the reading portions, which is something I seldom do in perusing a relig-ious journal. Inclosed please find $1.25, for which send me the AMERICAN SENTINEL one year and " Civil Government and Religion," by A. T. Jones. .I wish to show my appreciation even of a Christian journal, when worthy, as I deem yours to be. I trust you may long be spared to continue your work. M. H. COFFIN. 4Ł4.  MAN has a right to speak, think, and write with freedom upon all subjects; but be has no right to force his opinions upon others, or to per-secute those who differ with him in belief.ŠMachaivel. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO he defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fac. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75e. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AIVIERIGAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAELAND, CAL. 