206 .A1V1k.JEtICAN 61EINT'r VoL. 8, No. 21). the Christian religion or in sympathy with its objects. Its spirit has been of the great civilizing forces of the world, though its methods have sometimes been of the earth, earthy. That was inevitable, so long as men only must carry it forward. And it was because, after centuries of experience, it was perceived that human passion too often forgot and ignored the spirit of Christ's teachings, that the founders of the American Republic en-tirely severed religion from the Govern-ment. Christianity is not a part of the common law, and none of its sanctions can be enforced in the courts. We may be a Christian people. We are not a Christian Government, nor a Christian Nation.ŠChicago Herald. That So-called Encyclical. WE have been requested several times to give our opinion of a so-called Papal Encyclical, which has been very exten-sively circulated by the anti-Catholic press of this country. In order that our readers may fully understand the matter, we give the " letter " entire, just as it has been published repeatedly in the past six months by other papers :Š ENCYCLICAL. A LETTER FROM POPE LEO XIII. TO THE ROMISH WORLD. Heretics Cut Off From the ChurchŠThey Have No RightsŠNon-Romish Citizens ,of the United States Must Have No Privileges ŠAll Papists Absolved From Their Allegi-ance to the United States Government. ENCYCLICAL LETTER OF HIS HOLINESS LEO XIII., BY DIVINE PROVIDENCE, POPE. To the Jesuits, Patriarchs, Primates, Archbishops, and other Ordinaries in Peace and Communion with the Apostolic See of the Entire World. For the Temporal Reign of the Future Popes in a Land Discovered by Christopher Columbus, Known as the United States of America. Venerable Brethren: Greeting and the Apostolic Benediction, Leo, Bishop and servant of the serv-ants of God; be it remembered by posterity that He who is Omnipotent in Heaven and on Earth had confided His Church, which is One, Holy, Catholic and Apostolic, and out of which there is no salvation, to one man upon earth, namely, to Peter, prince and apostle, and to the Bishops of Rome, his successors, with full power to rule over it. This pontiff alone hath been constituted head over all nations and kingdoms, and invested with power:to destroy, to separate, to scatter and sub-vert, to plant, build up, link together by mutual charity, in order to preserve the faithful in the spirit of unity, and surrender them whole and en-tire to their Saviour. In order to fulfill the duties imposed on us by the Divine Goodness, we labor incessantly,  to maintain the unity of the Roman Catholic religion, which God hath visited with heavy conflicts, to the end that his own may be tried, and for our correction; but the numbers and powers of the wicked have so far prevailed, that no portion of the earth has es-caped their attempts to propagate their infectious and detested dogmas, being supported, among others, by that slave to every species of crime. The American Republic under Protestant rulers is with the worst enemies of the Church, where security is offered ; this Republic having seized upon the lands discovered by Christopher Colum-bus, a Catholic, and usurped the authority and jurisdiction of the Supreme Head of the Church, the United States is filled with obscure heretics. The Catholics have been oppressed, and the preachers of iniquity established. The sacrifice of the mass, prayers, fastings, ab-stinence, celibacy and all the rights of Catholicity have been ignored by Protestants. The United States has been filled with books con- taining the most flagrant heresies, of which the Protestant version of the Bible is chief. And not content with adopting its false and impious doc-trines, proselyting has been resorted to, to turn the Catholics from the one true church. The whole Roman Catholic hierarchy and priesthood of the world have been deprived of their livings by the Protestant heretics of America. Courts have been set up and rendered decisions in ecclesiastical causes, and the people forbidden to acknowledge the authority of the Roman Church, or to obey its ordinances and canonical decisions. Naturalization oaths have been demanded in order that the subjects of the true church might be made to subscribe to the United States Constitu-tion, with its impious laws and nefarious teachings, to compel them to ronounce the true authority of the Catholic pontiff; to disacknowledge him to be the head of both Church and State, whereby those who have persevered in the faith have been com-pelled to suffer spiritual afflictions. The Catholic bishops and clergy have been deprived of vast lands, and this is known to all nations, and so clearly proved, that all palliation, argument or protest on the part of the United States is unavailing. We find, moreover, that impiety and crime have increased, that persecution against the religion of Rome has been redoubled by the Protestants dwell-ing in the United States of America. With deep sorrow we are now constrained to have recourse to the arm of justice, and are obliged to take action against a nation that has rejected the Pope as head of all Church and State govern-ments. In virtue, therefore, of the Divine authority by which we have been placed on this supreme throne of justice, an office so superior to our capability, we do, in the plenitude of apostolic power, declare that all heretics and the encouragers of heresy, to-gether with all adherents, have incurred the sen-tence of excommunication, and they are hereby cut off from the unity of the body of Jesus Christ. Moreover, we proclaim the people of the United States of America to have forfeited all rit3ht to rule said Republic, and also all dominion, dignity and privileges appertaining to it. We likewise declare that all subjects of every rank and condition in the United States, and every individual who has taken Ł any oath of loyalty to the United States in any way whatever, may be absolved from said oath, as from all other duty, fidelity, or obedience on about the fifth of September, 1893, when the Catholic Congress shall convene at Chicago, Illinois, as we shall exonerate them from all engagements, and on-  or about the Feast of Ignatius Loyola, in the year of our Lord 1893, it will be the duty of the faithful to exterminate all heretics found within the jurisdiction of the United States of America. As the circulation of this bull, by sending to all places, would become a matter of difficulty, it is commanded that copies of it be taken and signed by Jesuit notaries, subscribed by a bishop, and sealed with the seal of our court; they will then have the same power and efficacy as these present here. Given at St. Peter, Rome, on the twenty-fifth of December, 1891, the fifteenth year of our Pontifi-cate. - LEO XIII., Pope. If we are not mistaken the reader is ready to agree with us that this so-called Encyclical is a stupid forgery, a most pal-pable fraud. The Pope and his advisers are not fools. They understand that the Romish Church is prospering in this coun-try as it is nowhere else in the world, and that in the natural course of events it will one day rule this land. They also know that Catholics even now have a larger in-fluence in governmental affairs than any Protestant denomination, larger indeed than all other sects put together. They know that they control a number of the largest cities of the country : that they hold a fair share of the important offices in the municipal, State and national gov-ernments. They know that the Roman Catholic Church, through its priesthood and its large voting membership, now holds the balance of power in this country between the two great political parties, and that for this reason it is able to dictate the policy of the Government towards " the Church." Knowing all this and knowing, too, that they number only about seven and a half millions in a total population of sixty-five millions, Catho-lics are too wise to adopt any such meas- ures as those set forth in the jumble of vagaries dubbed, " A letter from Pope Leo XIII. to the Romish World." Pennsylvania Sunday Law. IN Pennsylvania the penalty for viola-tion of the Sunday law is a fine of four dollars ; but thirty-eight years ago a special law was passed making the penalty twenty-five dollars in Allegheny County. An act was passed by the legislature only a few days since making the fine uniform throughout the State, namely, four dol-lars ; but Governor Pattison vetoed the bill. He said :Š It was placed upon the statute books, and has been continued there in the recognition of a sound public sentiment. The instincts of a moral and law-abiding people find it as much needed to-day as when first written into the laws a hundred years ago. No popular demand is made for its repeal. It is broad, liberal, and flexible. Therefore its pen-alties should be sufficient to secure its observance and enforcement, in order to preserve and secure the salutary objects for which it was enacted. For thirty-eight years the penalty of $25 for its viola-tion has been in force in Allegheny County, during which time the population there has increased from 159,182 to 551,959. It is the unconcealed object of this repealing clause to weaken its enforcement among this population, and to render its violation more easy and less expensive. The offer of a pre-mium for the violation of a law is indeed a novel proposition. I am of the opinion that if the in-creased penalty has had the effect to secure the better observance and stricter enforcement of the law, the effort of sound legislation should rather be to make the penalty general than to impair the effectiveness of the law in a particular community. Most wholesome statutes are wholly destroyed by a failure to provide proper penalties. After very deliberate examination of this bill, and liberal indulgence to all of the considerations which have been advanced in its favor, I am strengthened in my conclusion that its approval would be a step backward and an encouragement toward the viola-tion of a reasonable statute, and I therefore decline to approve the bill. Doubtless a bill making the fine twenty-five dollars throughout the State would re-ceive Governor Pattison's prompt approval. He has already made quite a record as a National Reformer. He is one of the politicians who have secured front seats in the Church and State coach. THE Washington Post says of Chief Justice Fuller's decision in the Sunday-closing injunction suit, that it " is final and decisive; and while the Sunday-closers may regret it and still be disposed to agree with the lower court, there is no alterna-tive left them but to accept the situation as it is defined by the highest of all judicial tribunals. It is a decision that, aside from the legal points on which it was handed down, will be regarded by a vast majority of the liberal-minded and intelli-gent citizens of the country as in entire consonance with the principles of justice, fairness and equity, contravening neither the divine nor the moral law, and in the nature of a benefaction to hundreds of thousands who were otherwise debarred from the educational privileges of the Exposition." INSTEAD of this Sunday legislation, it would be better if the State would try to make a whole lot of fellows work who do not now earn their salt. There is no more philosophy or sound sense in the legal re-quirement that a man shall rest on Sunday than there would be in a law that he should regularly get out of bed at five o'clock in the morning and take a cold bath.ŠSilver Creek Times. 