324 s   iHaNrri VoL. 10, No. 41. in the churches. While this much-quoted increase of communicants has been going on, crime has also gone on increasing faster than the increase of population. During this time also that question of interminable discussion before ministerial bodies, " The Church and the Masses," has come painfully and persist- ently into view. Besides, what does it signify that Sabbath desecrationŠno sign more symp-tomaticŠhas been going from bad to worse, as witnessed, among many other signs, by the or- ganization throughout the country of Sabbath Leagues, for the preservation of what remains of that rich heritage from the Pilgrim fathers, the Christian sabbath ? What means this dying out of hundreds of country churches on the one hand, so that many districts once the radiating centers of Christianizing influences have become fields for missionary operations; and, on the other, the notorious corruption of our American cities and their equally no-torious paucity of church-goers,Šthe cities whither the country people have gone ? What means this " secularization of life " against which the religious press so vehemently in-veighsŠa thing apparent everywhere ? Why is it that there are so many lodges to every church, and that so large a part of the hu-manitarian and reformatory forces that make for human weal in the present life, are cen-tering outside the Church ? Why is it that, as every minister of the gospel knows is the case, so large and increasing a body of noble, honorable, and high-minded men of every community, men who fear God and revere Jesus Christ, are standing studiously aloof from the Church ? There has indeed been an increase of num-bers in the Church, but relatively a decline in moral influence and spiritual power. The Church has waxed, religion has waned; " Christians" have multiplied, but the sig-nificance of the term has become indefinitely vague; quantity has been attained, but quality lost. The result is, as it always must be, quantity too is now in danger of being lost. Where is the gain in an increased body of church members, if by "church member" nothing in particular is meant as to fervent piety and unmarketable righteousness ? If membership in the Church stood for one half what in churchly circles it is assumed to stand for, the fourteen million members, more or less, of the evangelical churches would revo-lutionize society and write the first chapter of a national millennium before the curtain should ring down on the nineteenth century. It would seem as though the Church had better take these signs of the times and others similar seriously to heart, betake herself to fasting and prayer, boast less of numbers, and attend to the work of reformation. For to the thoughtful observer, gifted with a fair modicum of moral discernment, it is evident that " There is something rotten in the State of Denmark." But some one will exclaim: " Our organ-ization`s! Look at our new organizations, millions strong!" To which, one might fit-tingly reply in the words of that very wise and spiritual seer, B. Fay Mills, " They are very deceiving." * Or one might, by way of am-plification, say that multiplication of organi-zations within the Church, wisely constructed to fit the social instincts of youthful human nature, colossal conventions worked up syste-matically after the most approved methods of a political canvass for twelve months previous Šthey may cause a great buzzing of wheels and rattle of machinery that looks very like spiritual vigor. But all this machinery, while it can use power, cannot generate it. It can neither repair a defective boiler nor replenish * Heard by the writer in the Third Presbyterian Church, Chicago. a furnace the real trouble with which is that the fire is going out. The adding of another wheel to the machinery does not increase the power. Nay, is not this unprecedented mul-tiplication of organizations itself a striking sign of weakness and spiritual degeneration ? May it not be, after all, an attempt to brace a man on his feet by artificial means, when the fact is he is suffering from heart failure ? What is the matter with the old bottle that it won't hold wine ? The Church of the apos-tles, the Puritans, and the early Methodists turned the world upside downŠnot by organ-ization, for they had practically none Ł but by the irresistible power of deep moral convic-tion, unquestioning faith, and a spiritual unc-tion that was the outcropping of a new and divine life. But to-day, instead of one chas-ing a thousand and two putting ten thousand to flight, it takes a thousand church members to chase one evil, and then they don't catch it Šunless "there is something in it." What, then, is the matter ? Whittier, an optimist, who always wrote with his face to the sun-light, hinted at the fundamental trouble with the Church of the present day when he wrote these words (italics ours):Š But the living faith of the settlers old A dead profession the children hold. To the lust of office, the greed of trade, A stepping-stone is the altar made. The church to place, and power the door, Rebukes the sin of the world no more, Nor sees her Lord in the homeless poor. The trouble is, a " profession of religion," in too many instances, is a profession, and made to be a very lucrative one! The Church, having become numerous and eminently re-spectable through the self-denying lives of the humbly and truly pious, the name "Chris-tian " has become a mighty one to conjure with! Religious professions have therefore become a commodity of trade. Membership in the church is used as floating capital and available assets. The Church is made the decoy of the hunters of fortunes; it is utilized as a screen of scoundrels, and, like charity, is made to " cover a multitude of sins; " yea, it has become a great tree, and respectable sin-nersŠrespectability is a sine qua nonŠlegal robbers, and pious frauds lodge under the shadow of it! It would be no exaggeration to say that though the great mass of people who compose the evangelical church are sincere in their purpose to lead a Christian life, as they understand it, many of the most cunning knaves, the sleekest rascals, the most adept practitioners of "man's inhumanity to man," also, belong to it, help to officer it, and use it as a cloak for their crooked ways. Such are they who bull or bear the market on boards of trade six days in the week and then go to church and look pious (or try to) on the seventh; who in order to get superfluous wealth corner the necessities of life by which millions are filchedŠlegally of courseŠfrom God's nobility, the common people; who wreck railway systems for private greed or personal spite; who crush thousands to finan-cial death beneath the wheels of monster monopolies, or who use the same unprincipled methods on a smaller scaleŠbut as large a scale 'as they can handle; who by evasion and bribery dodge the tax-gatherer that the poor man out of his penury may support the gov-ernment under the protection of which they live to get and to grab,Šand then, to hood-wink the people, throw a soothing sop to a guilty conscience, and keep up a respectable exterior, as well as to " stand in " with the Church and clergy (a paying investment), they father some church enterprise, endow a college, " rent the best pews," or become " liberal givers to the Church. What words so fitting as the words of Jesus himself, first  used to describe the Pharisees of his own day, who also were 'eminently respectable and relig-ious without being righteous ? " They bind upon men burdens grievous to be borne, but they themselves will not touch one of them with one of their fingers; which devour wid-ows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayers." ' God forbid that for one moment one should fail to discriminate between such a race of Barabbas and those noble souls, who in a life of commercial honor, characterized by justice first and liberality afterward, honor the Chris- tian profession, and bless their fellowmen. There are many such. They are the Atlases upon whose faithful shoulders rest the pre- cious interests of the Christian world. But these others are the dead weights on the Church to-day. From them as from a slimy cesspool, right at the altars of the church rises a deadly miasma that is poisoning the faith of the masses in God and right and their fellowmen. And what is the Church doing to rid her-self of those weights and to cleanse that cess-pool ? Little or nothing! On the contrary, the Church puts the stamp of her tacit ap-proval on such religious acrobatics and calls it Christianity. She too often shares in the profits of the sinner and then demands that the pulpit keep mum about the sin. To build an extravagant "house of worship " and raise its debt, she mortgages if she does not muzzle the pulpit, by putting herself in bon-dage to ungodly men of wealth; and then she prays for the descent of the Holy SpiritŠand prays in vain! She frequently, if not usually, takes these very men, whose piety is respected among those to whom they are not known, and by coddling and wheedling them and putting them in office, plays into .their hands the tremendous power of her ecclesiastical machinery, so as to install them as general managers and dictators, where without let or hindrance they can " lord it over God's heri-tage,"Šall because they have money, few, if any, embarrassing questions being asked as to how or where they got it. Thus the very ec-clesiastical functionaries that were created to conserve the purity of the Church are turned over to those who use them with exactly the opposite effect,Šit may chance to be a coun-cil, a conference, a presbytery, or something else. Does anyone ask how they do this ? By using the Church to further their own per-sonal interests, financial, political, or other; by dictating to the local church a miserable worldly policy which, while it may cause it to flourish for awhile, socially and financially, really signs its spiritual death-warrant; and further (not the least evil either) by so re-warding their faithful henchmen in the pulpit with financial remuneration and ecclesiastical honor, as well as discriminating against such as will not pander to their unchristian schemes, as to put a large premium in the ministry upon the trimmer and time-server, who, put-ting policy above principle, may always be found intent above all things upon finding the spot of greatest personal prudence between tweedledum and tweedledee. One cannot single out any one denomination as being es-pecially guilty of exalting pelf above piety. The same conditions widely prevail, and one is probably as bad as another, if not worse! So the same power, money power, that within a generation has changed the financial features of the nation, wiping out the small manufac-turer and trader, making the, masses more and more the helots of the classes, and creating a second feudal system worse than the first--this force has its hands also on the evangelical church, and seems determined to make the one institution which for nearly four hundred years has, as a rule, stood for justice and 