 AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 469  by the sight of the pastor of the Adventist community out in his garden early one Sunday morning going through certain motions in his morning recreation that was conjectured to be manual labor performed in viola-tion of the statute and "aŁgainst the peace and dignity of the State of Mississippi." The minister, Elder R. S. Owen, was accordingly ar-rested and arraigned before a magistrate on the day he observed as the Sabbath; but a continuance was secured to a later date and the trial fixed to take place on another day of the week. The officer who went to make the arrest of Elder Owen arrived just as he was going into the pulpit to preach to his people, and to the credit of the officer he remained until the close of the service before requiring the minister to accompany him. The 19th of July was the date fixed for the trial, and at the hour of 10 o'clock A. M., the court was called to order and the case of the State of Mississippi against R. S. Owen was called and the accused was asked to plead guilty or not guilty. The minister refused to plead guilty of any crime against the State of Missis-sippi, and the trial proceeded. The magistrate having given evidence of a strong desire to uphold the dignity of the law and make an example of the man who dared to be so presumptuous, Elder Owen decided to avail himself of his privilege to be tried by a jury. The jury was soon secured and the examination of witnesses began. Several men testified to having seen defendant in his garden very early on a certain Sunday morning, and that they could see the motions of his body as if he was hoeing; but none could say that he had a hoe in his hand. None could testify positively as to what kind of work he was engaged in, but all believed he was hoeing; several testified to the general good character of the defendant. After the testimony was in, Elder Owen occupied an hour presenting his case, and laying before the jury the binding obligation of the divine law and the fact that the constitutions of the United States and of the State of Mississippi were not in conflict with the law of Je-hovah, and that the God of nations had decreed that men should be free in all matters involving his worship and the honor of his name. All were impressed with the boldness and power with which he spake and many were visibly moved. At the close of Elder Owen's presentation the jury retired for deliberation and in about twenty minutes returned with a verdict "Not guilty." This was indeed a surprise in view of the powerful influence wielded by some influential church members in favor of severe measures in dealing with the Adventist people; but it was evident that many of the better informed people rejoiced at the result of the trial. By another class the jurymen were upbraided for their want of loyalty to the laws of the state, but they replied that in case of a conflict between the law of the land and the law of God they preferred to be loyal to God. Before the close of Elder Owen's trial another mem-ber of the Adventist community was arrested on a warrant charging him with violating the Sunday law. This time it was Josiah Nash, and his trial was set for the 21st of July, although a very strong effort was made to bring him to trial on the 22nd, Saturday, the day observed by Nash as the Sabbath. The failure of the jury in the case of Elder Owen to convict seemed to add to the determination of the pros-ecutors to secure a conviction in the case of Mr. Nash, and accordingly they secured the services of a good Methodist lawyer and scoured the country for those will-ing to testify against the defendant, and several were found. With the day of trial came people from all parts of the country, for the news had spread far and near. Mr. Nash also elected to be tried by a jury, which was soon secured, and the trial began. One witness testified that-on a certain Sunday morning early in the month of last March he was awakened from his sleep at the early hour of four o'clock by sounds as of some one chopping wood; he arose and dressed himself and went into his yard and saw his neighbor Nash hewing on a log in a, new house he was building. From other testimony it appeared that it was very dark at that hour, and that the new house was twenty-five or thirty rods away with woods between the two points, and that the witnessŠan old manŠwas possessed of very defective sight and hearing; and this was the only witness that testified to seeing the defendant at labor on Sunday; but several others had heard suspicious sounds that they had reason to believe emanated from the premises of Mr. Nash, and indicated that he was laboring. Mr. Nash secured the services of Mr. Burkett, an at-torney of the town of Amory, who was a member of the Baptist denomination. Mr. Nash made a short state-ment setting forth the fact that he did not regard Sun-day as sacred, but he did recognize the binding obliga-tion of the divine law requiring the seventh day to be sacred. It was a unique spectacle to witness a follower of John Wesley on one side contending for the majesty of the law upholding the Puritan Sunday, and a follower of Roger Williams on the other side pleading for liberty of conscience and the right to worship God according to its dictates. These laws that have come to us as a heri-tage from Puritan days are responsible for such scenes as above described; for they afford an opportunity for the display of religious bigotry always present in the hearts of false professors. The jury in the case of Nash was out but a short time when they returned with a verdict of "Not guilty.'' Thus was demonstrated the fact that the spirit of lib- erty has not died out of all men in the State of Missis-sippi, and if we can rely upon the expressions of many leading citizens of the place as an indication of the sen-timent of thinking in that State, they would rejoice to 