288 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. Tr - ....— ,..... ,...... ... \ I I N.E-___,  E , TC 'rang man hear mg toot* and believe nob !judge him not ŠAshs chest . CHICAGO, MAY 10, 1900. Special Attention. We wish to call the special attention of the readers of The SENTINEL to the fact that all orders for books should be sent to us as in the past. The SEN-TINEL having always been published by the Pacific Press Publishing Company, it has been the custom of some of our friends to address their orders for books to the AMERICAN SENTINEL, or their orders for the paper to the Pacific Press Publishing Co. In the past this has made no difference, as the orders have in either case promptly reached their proper destination; but now that the paper is to be published by the Inter-national Religious Liberty Association in Chicago, it will make serious delay and much unnecessary work if orders intended for Pacific Press Publishing Co., New York City, are sent to the Association in Chicago. Therefore, be sure to address all book orders in-tended for us, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York, N. Y. As you read the principles stated and arguments presented in this paper, remember that just recently in the State of Pennsylvania, an observer of the sev-enth-day Sabbath has been arrested and fined for doing quiet work in his own garden on the day observed by people of a different religion, and is now, together with his church brethren, threatened with further pros-ecution of the same nature. This religious intolerance, this anti-Christian spirit, this setting aside of the prin-ciples of American free government, this menace to the liberties of the people and the prosperity of the nation, is what we are talking about in all the articles in this paper; and as you read the facts pertaining to this case, you may know of a certainty that the Seittinel is not discussing mere abstract principles, or firing at the dead issues of by-gone days. In 1896, Congress passed an act to authorize the Secretary of War to loan or to give to soldiers' monu-ment associations, Grand Army posts, and municipali-ties, war relics in the shape of out-of-date cannon, columbiads, mortars, solid shot, shells, etc. It is said that thus far the government has not suc- ceetied in giving away these war relics to any great extent; the demand does not nearly equal the supply. Two reasons for this have been suggested; first, that the people do not care for that kind of thing, and that they do not really take delight in the display of such murderous relics. The other suggestion is, that the people are willing to accept nothing except the latest and best ; and that while the taste for war is increasing, they want to see not antiquated, but modern weapons. The latter seems altogether more likely than the former reason, since it is an undeniable fact that the martial spirit has increased many fold in this country in the last four or five years. ,as It is becoming apparent that the nations of the Old World have designs upon South America, which are almost sure to make that country the theater of warlike operations in the near future. Just now there is much discussion in English, German and American papers over Germany's claims in Brazil, and the recent an-nouncement of Secretary of War Root, declaring that the United States must fight if it is to maintain the Monroe doctrine, is regarded as a significant utterance. The London Spectator affirms the correctness of this view, and says that "if America should wish to enforce the Monroe doctrine she must be able to destroy the German fleet." Germany, however, is now building a big fleet, and if America "sticks to the Monroe doc-trine and yet refuses to prepare there is in store for America great humiliation." Having divided up most of the available territory of the Old World, the European powers are looking with greedy eyes toward South America, where vast districts yet lie uncontrolled by any power strong enough to resist their aggressions. The United States must either surrender the Monroe doctrine or reckon with the fleets and armies of Europe sent to partition that country, or at least large portions of it, as Africa has been partitioned; and by its own aggressions upon Old World territory the United States has lost all moral support for the Monroe doctrine and strongly invited the European nations to adopt a policy which will make militarism a stern reality to the American people. Baron Von Kupfer, who is in the German foreign diplomatic service, says the reason why the Sultan does not pay the indemnity claims presented by the United States, is that "there is an agreement between him and Russia to divide up the empire's revenue between them." Turkey'owes Russia a vast sum for war indem-nity incurred a quarter century ago, and Russia no doubt would be very unwilling that Turkey should under,such circumstances satisfy claims of much more recent date presented by other powers. 