`THn iss..ivInR.IcANt SENTINEL. 331 tends only to destroy the well-being of soci-ety;. for ,whatever mischief is done, the individual reader: is himself alone responsible. Yet-theyex-:' peet that the State is going to remedythis evil; they expect- that the State, by taking away the news-,' Ilaper,'will make the individual who now reads it :Spiritually-minded. They do not seem to under-Stand that the lack of spirituality is what leads professed Christians to read these papers when they ShOuld be engaged inworship; and that if the newspapers were taken away, their carnal minds would.find some other worldly means of gratifica- , tien.'- If they would' think of the matter seriously, they could_ but confess that the suppression of the Sunday newspaper would not in the slightest degree .increase the spirituality of the people; and that-adriiisii.on Would at the same time be a con-feSsion-that they are more interested in having —peeple -possess arm of godliness than in labor-ing through the diVinely-appointed agenCies to Jolly convert them; in other words, that they save lost sight of the gospel And so it-is no etibt.triie that while National Reformers have .- ,Lso,Much to say about atheism on the parts  of -those who appose Sunday laws, they themselves - — ..are most zealously working to undermine true E. J. -w. Somewhat Mixed. THE :-Examiner (Baptist) of 0.ctober 3, bas-an article 'entitled; "License They Mean,". from. -.which I quote as follows :Š " Recently a party has been forming to resist the passage of a law by Congress prohibiting the running of interstate ,.Sunday trains. This,-toO, is stigmatized as an unwarrantable interference with the rights of conscienceŠa first step toward union of Church and State; and the destruction of religious liberty. - It cannot be unprofitable, therefore, to inquire what force-there is in these representations. The principle of liberty and -the idea of law must intersect each - other somewhere; the practically important question is;'Where should the line of intersection be, that jus-tice may be secured for :all/ "The principle of religious liberty requires only one thing: That-all religious beliefs should be placed on fr4hequality before the law, so that.no one should be either favored or punished because of his opinions, Whether,privately held of publicly expressed; so that iiitbeifpublic expression breaches of the peace are' not provoked. The principle of religious liberty does -. not require that men shall not be held- accountable '2  for overtactS, not directly connected with the worship of GO, or even-for such acts if they tend' to provoke a breaeli,of the peace. The offering of human sacri-fiCes,'for,example, or immoral orgies, . could not be ,claimed\as exempt prom civil law on -the. plea that they were a part of religious worship. But, in a gen-. -eral way;-it may be safely said that the State will —not, and should not, interfere with any form of religious worship. ' -` But with respect-to the -daily-conduct of life,- the case is:otherwise. . . "The civil law must, therefore, for the safety of so-eiety,: prohibit all immoral acts, whether religious ,sanction' be pleaded for them or not. It-must punish crime, even if the criminal claim to be the high priest ofy some . religion. It may make unlawful acts, deemed inconsistent with the general welfareŠsuch as unnecessary Sunday laborŠwithout infraction of re-ligious liberty, dr taking the first step towards a relig-ions establishment. In short, it may preserve in practice 4-distinction often recognized in the abstract -the distinction between liberty and license, Lib-erty is freedom under just law, the freedom to do right ; .license is freedom without law, the freedom to do' wrong.-  Every inan has a right -to liberty; no Joan can claim the right to license," -;:'::The'propOsed law referred to is not so innocent :4 the Examiner: would- have us suppose; the de- signed   would Stop- not only the running of f-interstate trains-upon" -unday, but it would pro.  hibit all forms of labor and business upon that day, in all places subject to the exclusive jurisdic-tion of the United States. It is not, however, the law, but the principle of such legislation Which I wish to discuss. It is true, as the Examiner says, that " the principle of liberty and the idea of law must in-tersect each other somewhere," but it is also true that if the principle of liberty is to be preserved, the intersection must be at a point which will not infringe the natural rights of a single citizen. The question then naturally arises, Has the Ex-aminer indicated that point ?ŠIt has not. Surely the editor of that paper could not haVe consid-ered his words carefully, or he never would have said :Š " The principles of religious liberty-require-only one thing: That all religious beliefs should be placed on an equality before the law, so that no one should be either favored or punished because of his opinions, whether privately held or publicly expressed." Would the Examiner agree that perfect relig- ious freedom was enjoyed in -a country which permitted the teaching of all the doctrines held by Baptists, but forbade the rite of baptism?ŠCertainly not. It would insist, and properly, too, as it does in Russia to-day, that the princi-ples of religious freedom demand not only liberty to believe and teach, but also liberty to practice. It is objected, however; that "there is not a vice or crime that has not been made a religious duty. The Thugs of India counted murder a holy act, most acceptable to their goddess Kali ; the worshipers of Moloch ittiought it a virtue to cast their babes into the fire; the followers of Ashtoreth and Aphrodite performed a worthy act of worship in sacrificing their chastity." And the question is asked, Shall such things be per-mitted in the name of religion ?ŠBy no means. All of these things, and many others which might be enumerated, are not only immoral, but they are uncivil, that is, they cannot be practiced without infringing, upon the rights of others, therefore it is not only the right— but it is the duty, of civil government to prohibit them ; but this it does, not because they are immoral, but because they are in their very nature uncivil. But the real animus of the _Examiner's article is revealed in the words : " It [the civil law] may make unlawful acts deemed inconsistent with the general welfareŠsuch as unnecessary Sunday la-borŠwithout infraction of religious liberty." This is virtually placing Sunday work on the same level with murder and prostitution ; but does it belong in the same category ?ŠBigotry may Say that it does, but common sense says that it does not; for the reason that work is right of it-self, while murder and prostitution are always and everywhere wrong and_ uncivil. If they were right six days in each week, it would be hard to make it appear that they were wrong upon the remaining day ; but they are never right; they are never civil. If Sunday work is in any way evil, it is be- cause of the 'religious character of the day upon which it is done, and not because there is any-thing wrong in the work itself. It is this fact which niarks, the wide difference between it and the offenses against nature with which some seek to class it. It is very true, as the Examiner says, that " libertyis freedom under just law, the freedom to do right," but is a law that arbitrarily makes a crime on one day that which is laudable upon another, a just law? justice answers, No; God alone_ has the right to command men under pen- alty of sin,-and he alone has a right to judgeand punish men for violations of the divine law. Even if it could be shown that the law of God re-quires Sunday-keeping, it would not alter the case in the least; the observance or non-observ-ance of a day, or any number 9f days, is not a proper subject of legislation. The keeping of a Sabbath is an act of worship ; it belongs alone to God, and, according to the words of our Saviour, every man must be left tree to render unto God the things that are God's. C. P. BOLLMAN. Religion and the State. WE' have -several times referred to the-famous case of the Cincinnati school board upon religious exercises in the public schools. We have printed a part of the-speech of Hon. Stanley Mathews at the trial of the case. In the decision of the court, two of the judges, Hagans and Storer, decided in favor of religion in the schools. The third mem-ber of the court, Judge Taft, dissented. The case then went to the Supreme, Court of the State, though the question involved in the appeal was not strictly whether religion should be taught in the schools or not, but Whether the school board had the right to prohibit it if it chose. The Su-preme Court reversed the decision of the Superior Court, deciding that the school board had such power under the constitution and laws of the State of Ohio. This of course was indirectly a decision that religious instruction, or the conducting of re-ligious exercises, is not one of the functions of the State of Ohio. This question being involved, though indirectly, the Supreme Court took occa-sion to express its views upon the question. The decision was rendered by Chief Justice Welsh. That part of the decision in which the views of -the court upon the question are given, we here present to the readers of the SENTINEL. The ar-gument is unanswerable, and we commend it to the careful consideration of the American people: "BOARD or' EDUCATION,- CINCINNATI, Vs. MINOR ET AL. " We are told that the word 'religion ' must mean Christian religion,' because Christianity is a part of the common law of this country, lying behind ard above its constitutions. Those who make this assertion can hardly be Serious;  and intend the real import of their language. If Christianity is a law of the State, like every other law it must have a sanction. Adequate penalties must be provided to enforce,  obedience to all its requirements and precepts. No one seriously contends for any such doctrine in this country, or, I might almost say, in this age of the world. The only foundationŠrather, the only excuseŠ_ for the proposition that Christianity is a part of the law of this country, is the fact that it is a -Christian country, and that its constitutions and laws are made by a Christian people. And is it not the very fact that these laws do not attempt to enforce Christianity, or place it upon ex-ceptional or vantage-ground, itself a strong evi-dence that they are the laws of a Christian people, and that their religion is the best and purest of religions? It is a strong evidence that their re-ligion is indeed religion without partiality,' and, therefore, a religion ' without .hypocrisy.' "True Christianity asks no aid from the sword of civil authority. It began without the sword, 