308 ,r t AMVRICAN SVNTINVL. the apostles " once for all " that their "obstinate resistance" would not be tol-erated, the record says that as Stephen vas preaching,,  simply the gospel of Jesus Ohrist, " they, cried out with a loud voice, and stopped their ears, and ran upon him with one accord, and, cast him out of the City and *toned him" till he was dead. The story is short, but how significant! With the spirit manifested and the threatenings of those at the head of this inovement to enforce the observance of the Sunday as a day of rest, what may we expect, if once they hold the balance of power?ŠSimply a repetition of the pro-ceedings against the apostles, and nothing short of it. Is there not in this move-ment that which should stir to the ut-most every lover of religious liberty? Surely there is. W. E. CORNELL. Des Moines, Iowa. A Difference Noted. A RECENT dispatch from Berlin says Despite the declared discontent on every side against the new law restricting Sunday trading, the Government has decided to maintain it, but will authorize communal authorities to relax its pro-visions where they really interfere with the per-sonal comfort of the inhabitants. The Emperor, speaking to a member of the Berlin corporation said that the working people would soon learn the distinctive value of Sunday repose, and, once tast-ing it, they would never desire to relinquish it. But the discontent plainly springs from the fact that the working people have already had a " taste " of enforced repose. It reminds one of the old English proverb that " one man may lead a horse to the water, but twenty men can not make it drink." How different from this spirit of legislative religion is the spirit of the gos-pel, as it entreats, " 0 taste and see that the Lord is good," and says to the world, " Whosoever will let him [not compel him to] take the water of life freely." W. A. SPICER. Legislative Hypocrisy. THE action of the Democratic Congress in voting to close the World's Fair on Sunday has had the effect of causing the secularists of the country to organize themselves into a voting party. to close a national Exposition against the work-ingmen of the country on the only day they can attend is certainly vicious legis-lation. The effect is well illustrated by a cartoon in Puck representing a clergyman and a saloon keeper clasping hands in front of the gates to the Exposition, which are closed and padlocked, while the pious people go one way toward the church and the world's people go the other way toward the saloon. Puck gives the matter its correct name, "An unholy alliance," in which the Church and the rum shop ally themselves to divide the custom of visitors to Chicago. The result will be that while the Church may catch five hundred of those who would other-wise attend the Fair, the saloon will absorb five thousand. In the interests of sobriety the Church should be willing to lose a tithe of its attendance in order that the saloons might be emptied. What makes -the hypocritical action of Congress so much the worse is the fact that probably not one in a dozen of the legislators who voted for the closing of the Fair have sufficient respect for Sun-day to observe it themselves, and they are as likely to go with one crowd as with the  other. Monday morning will find half of them sitting up in bed and inquiring, " Where was I at ?" The hypocrisy of legislators and the bigotry of pietists have been a greater det-riment to public morals than all the Sun-day labor and recreation charged upon offenders since the time when the Jews sought to slay Christ for breaking the Sabbath.ŠSnohomish, Wash., Eye. NOTE. ŠTEE SENTINEL can not agree that Christ broke the Sabbath. He was so accused by the Jews, but refuted the charge. He declared that he kept his Father's commandments. lie violated Jewish tradition; not the divine law of the Sab-bath. History Repeating Itself. THE proposition to have a " Parliament of Religions " at the World's Fair in Chi-cago, in which representatives of every religion in the world shall meet together and present the claims of their various systems, has met with great favor, and with very little opposition. The reasons given for holding it furnish food for seri- ous thought to the student of church his-tory. The Rev. J. S. Chandler, missionary of the American Board, writing from India, says: " The project of such a parliament has received the approval of prominent missionaries and Hindus. The latter say that it will furnish an occasion to show to the world that non-Christian religions, too, hold and teach high spiritual and moral truths." .Referring to the state-ment that " Christianity is 'Intolerant of any other faith," which has been made by one who opposes the scheme, the mission-ary adds, " But surely if there is a mod- icum of truth in any other faith, Chris- tianity need not be intolerant of that faith." The Rev. John Henry Barrows, D. D., of Chicago, chairman of the General Com-mittee on Religious Congresses, says :Š Wisdom dictates that invitations to the Parlia-ment should be extended to the worthiest representa-tives which can be found of the great historic faiths, and the committee have prudently decided that those who are to take part in the proceedings should be selected by them after carefully confer-ring with those best informed as to the various religions. Some of the leading scholars of Chris-tendom have already accepted invitations to make addresses before the Parliament. Japan is taking enthusiastic interest in the coming convention. Bishop Thoburn, of Calcutta, is kindly affording his experienced counsel as to the best representa-tion from India. The prospects are bright for a series of religious congresses of exceptional interest where, as now seems certain, the attendance will be limited only by the capacity of the great halls that are to be provided for the meetings, and the influence of which will undoubtedly tend to deepen the spirit of true brotherhood among religious men of diverse faiths. Professor James Bryce says that such a conference will be useful " not only in announcing the progress made in the spirit of Christian sympathy and hu-manity, but in enabling men of different ecclesiastical organizations to understand how their efforts may be united for com-mon objects. Nothing can be of more service than to lead men to realize the unimportance of many of their differ-ences in church government and forms of dogma and to feel more deeply their unity in vital principles." The Rev. L. T. Chamberlain, D. D., of Philadelphia, says: " The plan for the World's Parliament of religions has al-ready taken such practical shape, and gained such assurance of realization, that I find myself turning gratefully to the consideration of its actual success; the  representatives of all the great religions gathered for the first time in the name of the one Power above, and in recognition of a common bond below. But I believe that no mind yet comprehends the pos-sible good results." President Seely expresses a hope that the Parliament will give men a clearer idea " of the universal fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man ;" and many other religious leaders on both sides of the Atlantic offer similar words of ap-proval. Now read over these statements and note the principal thought running through them. It is that of unity. Not unity among professed Christians, merely, but unity among the professors of all forms of religion, The idea is to reduce the differ-ences to a minimum, and to show how much, after all, Christianity and pagan-ism have in common. And now for the parallel. In the second century of the Christian era a new philosophical sect sprung up, the members of which assumed the name of " Eclectics." The historian Mosheim,  says :Š This philosophy was adopted by such of the learned at Alexandria as wished to be accounted Christians, and yet to retain the name, the garb, and the rank, of philosophers. In particular, all those who in this century presided in the schools of the Christians at Alexandria (Athanagoras, Pan-tiaus, and Clemens Alexandrinus), are said to have approved of it. These men were persuaded that true philosophy, the great and most salutory gift of God, lay in scattered fragments among all the sects of philosophers; and therefore that it was the duty of every wise man, and especially of a Christian teacher, to collect those fragments from all quarters, and to use them for the defense of religion and the confutation of impiety.ŠEcclesias-tical History, book 1, century 2, part 2, chap. 1, section 6. One can not read this without being reminded of the arguments put forth in favor of the World's Parliament of Reli-gions. But, very naturally, the thing did not end here. One step of compro-mise prepares the way for another, and SO, This (eclectic) mode of philosophizing was changed near the close of the century, when Ammonius Saccas with great applause opened a school at Alexandria, and laid the foundation of that sect which is called the New Platonic. This man was born and educated a Christian, and perhaps made pretensions to Christianity all his life. Being pos-sessed of great fecundity of genius, as well as eloquence, he undertook to bring all systems of philosophy and religion into harmony; or, in other words, to teach a philosophy by which all philos-ophers and the men of all religions, the Christian not excepted, might unite together and have fel-lowship. And here especially lies the difference between this new sect and the eclectic philosophy which had before flourished in Egypt. For the Eclectics held that there was a mixture of good. and bad, true and false, in all the systems; and therefore they selected out of all what appeared to,  them consonant with reason, and rejected the,  rest. But Ammonius held that all sects professed one and the same system of truth, with only some difference in the mode of stating it, and some minute difference in their conceptions; so that by means of suitable explanations they might with little difficulty be brought together. ŠMosheim's Eccl. Hist., book 1, cent. 2, part 2, chap. 1, sec-tion 7. The favorite object with Ammonius, as appears from the disputations and writings of his disciples, was that of not only bringing about a reconcilia-tion of all the different philosophical sects, Greeks as well as barbarians, but also of producing a har-mony of all religions, even of Christianity and heathenism, and prevailing on all the wise and good men of every nation to lay aside all their con-tentions and quarrels, and unite together as one large family, the children of one common mother. Mosheim's Ecclesiastical Commentaries, century 2, section 28. Here we find the idea of "the father-hood of God and the brotherhood of man," which it is fondly hoped will be furthered 