THE AlVIIEEZICAN SENTINEL. 397 in Congress, and to the President of the Senate and Speaker of the House of Representatives. " * The' result , of these memorials was to _bring forth theJ celebrated report .of the . Honse Committee on Post-offices and Post-roads, of which Colonel Johnson, of Ken-tucky, was chairman at this . time. The 'report Was even more emphatic than that which the Senate had adopted the previous sessibri. Thus meeting a signal defeat again, the movement considered that the oppoSition. waS too strong at that stage of our history, and .reluctantly retired to the background. until a more convenient time and a people less jealous of their liberties , shOtild come upon the stage of action; and then, profiting by their former defeat, to enter the struggle with renewed vigor, and to tear down as far as possible the secular features, of our Government. May their preSent And-  all future attempts be as sue-. ceSSfill as was the celebrated Sunday move-- India 'of' 1E329ŠW is the patriotic wish of W. A. BLAKELY. Sound Opinions. THE Christian Inquirer, a Baptist paper pubiished in this city, has in its issue of December 4, a symposium on the proper attitude of Baptists as to religious instruction in the public schools, from which we take the following extracts :Š Baptists have stoutly maintained from the begin-ning the doctrine of the independence of Church and State. Loyalty to that doctrine forbid's the teaching of religion by the State as clearly as it forbids the the, assumption of civil functions by the Church. " Religion" is a word which needs definition, and if the State be allowed to define it she will always do so in the interests of the dominant ecclesiasti-cism, which may be, as it often has been, godless. That we may keep God in the State let us keep religion out of its control; and,  rather than sanction the authority of civil Government as a religious teacher we shall do well to adopt the parochial school system, and transfer control of all education from the State to the churches. But the public school system of the Ainerican Union is the direct out-growth of religious liberty, and its most glorious expression. It furnishes a common sphere in which religion can be illustrated but not taught, adorned, but not enforced, and if the churches are half alive within their.  proper domain society can receive only blessing from such so-called secular schools. EDWARD BRAISLIN. Brooklyn, N. 17. Church and State are separate, though each re-acts upon the other. The functions of the State are civil, of the Church religious. The public school is a civil institution supported by the State. No re-ligious instruction, 'therefore, can be given in it. The State can no more teach religion than the Church can make laws. Through the home and schools of Fits own the Church must care for the religidus training of the young. Intelligence being the basis of true citizenship the State must educate, but, for the State to attempt to, teach religion is simply to furnish a valid plea to any sectarian body to demand a division of the school fund. W.' W. BOYD. Newark, N. J. Our convictions and teaching in regard to "re-ligious liberty" compel us to hold that no religious tenets of any sort shall be taught in the public * "American State Papers," class vii, page 240; published by authority of congress in 1884,  schools. Absolutely equal rights must prevail in an institution supported by public taxation. 'NATHAN E. WOOD. Brooklyn, N. Y. I strongly favor giving up the reading of the Bible in public schools. That seems to me clearly the Baptist policy--separating Church from State. Equally clearly is it the best policy, disarming all reasonable opposition to 'the schools. Much has been lost in not resorting to it earlier. E. BENJ. ANDREWS. Brown University. For the public school teacher as such to teach religion as a part of his duty' to the State is for him to usurp a function which does not belong to the State ; to concede the claim of the papal Church ; to play the tyrant ; to degrade religion by unholy alliance. The formal teaching of religion in State schools is not Americanism, not Chris-tianity, but Hildebrandism, State -Churchism. T. EDWIN BROWN, Philadelphia, Pa. Sunday Mails. A WESTERN Pennsylvania clergyman has been criticising Wanamaker as an un-godly public servant for allowing the mails over which he has the supervision to be carried on Sunday. To this charge Wanamaker has made a reply, in which he repudiates responsibility for the of-fense and refers the clergyman to Congress as the body with whom authority in the matter resides. He also takes occasion to say that in his opinion Sunday rest for mails in transit is impracticable. "To stop the handling of Sunday mails," he says, "means to stop the wheels of the railroads throughout the country at twelve o'clock on Saturday. In that event there would be no protection for mails in transit. Hundreds of thousands of dollars pass through the mails every day, and the cus-tody of the mail in a car standing on the track, while crossing the prairie, or even at a small village, would be a serious mat-ter. It would be a great accomplishment for Sunday rest if the mail dispatched from Omaha or San Francisco could lay up at twelve o'clock Saturday night, but what would become of the postal clerks, engi-neers, and train hands is not clear." We have not seen the full text of Wan-amaker's reply to the clergyman; but he is abridged as saying that if any commu-nity, by the petition of a considerable ma-jority of its population, would ask for the absolute closing of its office on Sunday the request would receive favorable consider-ation. "Still," he adds, "it must be remem-bered that the post-office is not a private office, and that it is the duty of its servants to serve according to law," and he admits . . . "that those who have different views of Sunday keeping have a, right to consid-eration." Mr. Wanamaker's recognition of the truth that the post-office is not a private office, to be open or closed according to the religious prejudices of the postmaster and his fellow church members, marks quite a long step in the direction of sense. . . . He might now go farther and declare that  the post-office is not a religious office, and that therefore religious reverence for Sun-day cannot be regarded as a good excuse for stopping mail trains on that day. People who do not want their mail carried on Sunday should deposit it on Monday morning. It is not practicable for ships to lay-to over the holy day, but mails will go anywhere from the Atlantic to the Pacific between one Sunday and the next. ŠFreethought. The Trend of the Age. THE Washington Post recently published the following New York letter, under this heading :Š PATERNALISM THE END. A WESTERN PROPHET OF EVIL. "It is generally conceded, I believe," said a well-known Western lawyer of prominence, "that we are not only growing more powerful as a Nation year by year, but that we are drifting slowly and surely toward what is called a paternal Government. Both of the political parties have contributed to that end. We have only to study the record of recent Con-gresses to note the rapidity with which we are travelling in that direction. The whole tendency of national legislation is to the enlargement of the powers and the extension of the duties of the gen-eral Government. Of late years my legal practice has involved some of the broader constitutional questions, and this gradual change has forced itself upon my attention. The political complexion of the new order of things does not disturb me. On the contrary, this gradual modification of our original system must be regarded as the legitimate and beneficial result of a higher state of civilization. Whether it is so regarded by all men or not, we may as well admit that such a change is in progress. There are those who lament the change. I do not. There are those who think this departure from the early tenets of our fathers is the forerunner of na-tional decline and dissolution. But they are grow-ing fewer every year. Even the great body of the Democratic party has cut loose from State rights and strict construction and become converts to the paternal school. In my section of the country the proposition for the general Government to assume ownership and charge of the telegraph lines and railroads is no longer looked upon as undesirable, but if put to vote in a general election it would re-ceive the sanction of three-fourths of the people. If you and I live ten years longer we'll probably see it accomplished. Postal savings banks will follow. AndŠ" "The loaning of Government money on farm mort-gages?" was suggested. "Very likely. Why not? Why shouldn't the farmers have an equal right with the national bank-ors?" "Are they all Socialists up there in the North-west ? " "If you call that Socialism three-fourths of us are Socialists. Not in the sense of wishing to turn things over at once by force, but as desiring a pater-nal Government by law, yesŠnearly all. This frank avowal from the lips of a hard-headed lawyer and wealthy citizen, who makes his tempo-rary home at the Hoffman House, was enough to de-prive a man of his breath. He continues: "My statement is not a speculative one at all. Nor has it any political significance, in the narrow and common acceptation of that term. I am a Republi-can, but never was in politics, and never will be. I am speaking now as an independent citizen. I am speaking, too, only of the people of the section of country I know something about. Perhaps there are other sections where the sentiment is the same. 