422 AMERICAN SENTINEL. tray, "He hath made a memorial for his wondrous works." That memorial is the seventh day, the day on which he rested from all his works. That day he has blessed and sanctified, made holy. Its holiness has never -departed from it, for "whatsoever God doeth, it shall be for ever." No matter what man does, nor how man re-gards the day, its holiness remains. "There remaineth therefore a rest to the people of God;" and the seventh day, which God for ever declares to be his rest, is that by which he makes known to us the perfection of his rest, because it calls us to contemplate a finished and perfect new creation. It reveals to us the everlasting God, the unwearied, almighty Creator, who has wrought and laid up great goodness for them that trust in him before the sons of men. Ps. 31:19. It re-minds us that we are "complete in him, which is the head -of all princiiality and power." It tells us that, although we have sinned, and brought the curse upon God's perfect creation, the cross of Christ, which bears the curse, re-stores and perpetuates the perfect work of God, so that through it we may stand without fault before the throne of God, just as when man was first made. "Thanks be unto God for his unspeakable gift." THE JEWISH SABBATH. There is such a thing as "the Jewish Sabbath," or the Sabbath of the Jews, but it is a far different thing from the Sabbath of the Lord. Many people imagine that if one observes the seventh day he is keeping the Jewish Sabbath; but that does not at all follow. No one keeps the Jewish Sabbath if he keeps the Sabbath "according to the commandment." There is the same difference between the Jewish Sabbath and the Sabbath of the Lord, that there is between a man and God. Let us explain: "The.seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord;" Ł but we have seen that the Lord's rest is spiritual rest, whichŁ the seventh day commemorates. A man may cease from physical toil on, the seventh day of the week, and not keep the Sabbath of the Lord. If a man stops work on Friday evening at sunset, and abstains from all labor until the next day at sunset, merely as a form of worship, and in order that he may be physically better able to go at his work again, or with the thought that he is thereby discharging a duty, and gaining the favor of God, that is not keeping the Sabbath of the Lord. To keep the Sab-bath of the Lord is to delight in the Lord. Those who do not delight themselves in the Lord, do not keep his Sabbath, no matter when they abstain from labor. It is absolutely impossible for one who is not a Chris-tian to keep the Lord's Sabbath; for, as we have seen, 'Grad's rest comes only from his perfect work, which is -found only in Christ. "We which believe do enter into rest." Therefore no Jew, so-called, as distinguished from a believer in Christ, keeps the Sabbath of the Lord, even though he apparently rests on the seventh day of the week. -His rest is his own rest, and not the rest of the Lord. Do you see the difference? The Jewish Sabbath falls  on the same day of the week as the Sabbath of the Lord, but it is not by any means the same thing. It represents only the man himself, and his own work. Instead of being the sign of justification by faith in the work of the Lord, it is the sign of self-righteousness, as indicated by the question which the Jews asked of Jesus: "What shall we do, that we might work the works of God?" They counted their own works equal to God's works. Their obedience was not the obedience of faith, but only of form. From such a Sabbath may the Lord deliver us. It is from it that we are delivered in the Sabbath of the Lord, for we are saved from our own works, and given the perfect works of the Lord. "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord," but let us beware of making it a, mere caricature of rest. Let us take it for what it is: the rest of the Lord. THE POPE'S SABBATH. This is something entirely different from the Sabbath of the Jews, and infinitely different from the Sabbath of the Lord. The Sabbath of the Lord is the acceptance of God's own works, and rest in them alone, allowing him to work both to will and to do of his good pleasure; the Jewish Sabbath represents the vain attempt of zealous and self-confident men to do the works which God himself does, and which God alone can do; but the pope's sab-bath signifies the substitution of man's work for God's work; as being not only as good, but even better. It dis-penses with even the form of the commandment of the Lord. Let us see how this is. The Lord's Sabbath has been sufficiently dwelt on for the present. We know what it is. We have seen that the Jews' sabbath is the observing of the form of the Lord's Sabbath, without the substance which can come only by faith. It falls on the same day, but is man's sabbath, not the Lord's. The pope's sabbath has noth-ing in common with the Sabbath of the Lord, not even in form, but utterly repudiates it. Thus, a papist book, entitled, "A Sure Way to Find Out the True Religion," says:Š "The keeping holy the Sunday is a thing absolutely necessary to salvation; and yet this is nowhere put down in the Bible; on the contrary, the Bible says, "Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy (Ex. 20:8), which is Saturday, and not Sunday; therefore the Bible does not contain all things necessary to salvation." This is only one out of many similar citations that might be given, but is sufficient to show that in the ob-servance of Sunday the Catholic Church deliberately re-pudiates the Word of the Lord, and sets itself above it. It has placed its sabbath on an entirely different day from the Sabbath of the Lord,Ša day which even God himself could not possibly have made his Sabbath since on it he began his work, in order to emphasize its claim to be above God. It would teach men that they are to obey the church rather than God. Notice that the citation speaks about the necessity of "keeping holy the Sunday." But God has not made the 