DECEMBER 12, 1895. A.10/11 Ft! CAW  387 will be not only a union with the papacy, but with this wonder-working power of recent de-velopment in the spiritual domain. So that not only will there be the religious despotism resulting from the adoption of papal princi-ples, but this will be reinforced by the tre-mendous influence upon the public mind of miracles wrought for the support of its evil doctrines and demands. In this miracle- working power is introduced the direct agency of the devil; and with these forces united for the enforcement of religious legislation and the extermination of religious and civil liberty, the State will be plunged into ruin as utter and complete as the devil himself can make it. Will the State draw back from the proposed Church alliance and avert the threatening ruin? To this end we work and plead. Ł -4 Ł A STEP IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION. WHILE so much is being said and done in nearly every State of the Union to turn back the tide of human progress in liberty of thought and practice toward the religious despotism of the Dark Ages, it is pleasant to note here and there a break in the current, which gives evidence that the principles of religious freedom still live in the hearts of men, and that many minds in high stations are still bent toward that human liberty which was the goal of the efforts of our forefathers. Such an incident was the recent passage by the Georgia House, of the following resolution, introduced by Representative Hurst :Š Resolved by the House, the Senate concurring, That any movement either in this State or in the United States tending towards a union of Church and State is deprecated and condemned, and in our opinion is contrary to the principles of our government and the Constitution of the same, This resolution was introduced in the Georgia legislature two years ago, and has been carefully fostered by its promoters ever since. It passed the House by a good major-ity, which result is believed to be largely due to the influence of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, which has been regularly supplied to the members during the past year. It is to be hoped that this action by the Georgia House, with the check recently put upon Sunday prosecutions in Tennessee, will do something to stem the tide of religious persecution, temporarily at least, in that sec-tion of our country. Ł YOUR RIGHT TO THINK. AN individual's right to think is insepar-able from his right to act in accordance with the dictates of his best judgment and of his conscience. If he has no right thus to act, he has no right to think. By this it is not meant that an individual's proper liberty in this respect is unlimited. No person has any right, under the plea of liberty, to invade the rights of another. Rights do not conflict. When a person's lib-erty, so-called, would lead him to encroach upon the rights of his neighbors, he has passed from the sphere of liberty to that of license; he has passed beyond the domain of his own rights, and beyond what reason or necessity require of any individual. But there is a sphere of natural individual rights, which we cannot too carefully consider. " We hold these truths to be self-evident; that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalien-able rights; that among these are life, liberty,  and the pursuit of happiness." These are the rights of every individual. Governments are instituted to preserve these rights, but not to prescribe the manner of their exercise. In other words, the civil government is not insti-tuted to do the thinking for individuals. Our Government is supposed to be a government of the people and by the people, as much as for the people. Its actions should represent the thought of the people. God himself, who is all-powerful and all-wise, does not invade any person's liberty of thought. He it is who has given each one the power, and with it the right, to think for himself. But power and liberty of thought would be a curse rather than a blessing with-out the accompanying right to- carry that thought into execution. An individual judg-ment and a conscience would, without that right, be but the means of torture to their possessor. It is not for such a purpose that a loving and all-wise Creator has thus endowed the human mind. God will neither compel man's mind, nor relieve it of the necessity of action; and he has not delegated to any lesser being the right to do that from which he himself abstains. The Creator wants men in his world that he has made, not automatons or slaves. He wants virtue, honesty, and all the traits of true man- liness, and not imbecility. Therefore he wants his creatures to think, and think for themselves, and has given them minds in order that they may think, and that they may act for themselves as well. He who ceases to act for himself will soon cease to think for him-self, and he who does not think for himself is fit only to become the inmate of some in-stitution of charity. When we surrender the right to act for our-selves in all matters which do not involve a violation of the rights of others, we logically surrender our right to think. Reader, are you ready to make this surrender? TURNING ON THE SCREWS. IT is evident that neither the recent polit-ical victory of Tammany nor the experience of a period of strict enforcement of the New York Sunday "law," has weakened the in-tention of the present city government to pro-ceed the full length of the statute in the direction of enforced Sunday observance. Commissioner Roosevelt's threat that should Tammany win at the polls, he would turn the screws (of Sunday legislation) on harder than ever, is in process of execution. The situation at present is outlined by the following, published in the Mail and Express, of Nov. 30:Š In consequence of the decision of Judge Allison, in General Sessions on Tuesday, when he dismissed an indictment against Peter Peiser, a delicatessen dealer, of 1361 Third ave., who had been arrested for selling sausage on Sunday, there has been some doubt as to what course the police would pursue in enforcing the Sunday law. Acting Chief Conlin to-day made a plain statement regarding the matter. He said: "In the case of the man Peiser, I understand the indictment was dis-missed because the evidence was weak. I shall en-force the Sunday law just the same as before. Bake-ries and delicatessen stores can sell up to 10 o'clock in the forenoon. After that hour they cannot sell any-thing excepting prepared food to be eaten on the premises. There are many bakeries where light lunches are served, like coffee and cake. In these places there will be no police interference after 10 o'clock, providing what they sell is not carried away, but eaten right there. " The situation is the same regarding delicatessen stores. They can sell until 10 o'clock A. M., but after that if they sell any prepared food it must be con-sumed in the place. If they sell goods to be taken away after 10 o'clock, they will be arrested for violat-ing the Sunday law. Section 267 of the Penal Code  is very plain and covers the point. It says that all manner of public selling or offering for sale of any property on Sunday is prohibited, except that articles of food may be sold and supplied at any time before 10 o'clock in the morning, and except also that meals may be sold to be eaten on the premises where sold or served elsewhere by caterers. The captains have in-structions to enforce the Sunday law under the provi-sions of this act." The "law" is to be enforced a step at a time; and its demands having been secured on one point, attention will be given to the next in the logical sequence of Sunday enforce- ment. But where will the process end? Doubtless the logical end of this crusade is not discernible to most of those engaged in it, perhaps not to any; but we may learn from Scripture what it will be. The culmination of the process of the restriction of buying and selling, by the force of popular deference to that institution to which the papacyŠthe apocalyptic " beast,"Špoints as the sign of her authority,Šthe Sunday sabbath, is thus foretold: " And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to re-ceive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads; and that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name." Rev. 13: 16, 17. At present the general public are rather slow to see the propriety and reasonableness of the demands of the Sunday statute, and very naturally so, since neither reason nor justice affords a foundation for such legisla-tion. Indeed, the features of the " law " strongly remind one of the ancient Jewish legislation on the Sabbath question, by which they loaded the Sabbath institution with num-berless requirements and distinctions altogether without support in either reason or revelation. But what they produced was simply the result of human legislation concerning an institu-tion with which no human power has any business to meddle. Their workŠthe phari- saical sabbath stands as a type of the pro- duct of human legislation upon Sabbath ob-servance. But in process of timeŠand that not long Špublic sentiment will doubtless acquiesce in the various proceedings required by the anom-alous features of the Sunday statutes; and when once such proceedings become the cus-tom, few people with whom they do not inter-fere will stop to ask whether they are reason-able or just. The Sunday Juggernaut is in motion, and is designed to crush all such as will not pay homage to the institution of the "beast." A SUMMONS UNDER THE " CIVIL " SUNDAY " LAW." WE have received from A. 0. Burrill, the Adventist Elder at Chatham, Ont., a copy of the summons served upon him, Nov. 29, by the civil authorities for working on Sunday. It reads thus:Š SUMMONS TO DEFENDANT. Canada: Province of Ontario, County of Kent. To A. 0. Burrill, of the Township of Chatham, in the County of Kent. WHEREAS, you have this day been charged before the undersigned, Geo. A. Watson, a justice of the peace, in and for the said County of Kent, for that you on the third day of November, A. D. 1895, at the Township of Chatham, in the County of Kent, did exercise worldly labor, being the Lord's day (the sab-bath day), by working at the carpenter and mason work. These are therefore to command you, in her Maj-esty's name, to be and appear before me on Thursday the fifth day of December, A. a 1895, at ten o'clock in the forenoon, at the Old Town Hall, Ridgetown, or before such other justice or justices of the peace for -the same County of Kent as shall be there, to answer 