stk  IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus  Christ. VOLUME 15. NUMBER A.  iD NEW YORK, MA.RCHX, 1900. L.  '9e  Ł  leo  ŁŁ".:  Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. flir Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered It nay know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered  the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) RELIGIOUS legislation brings both law and religion unto disrepute. A A THE so-called "civil Sabbath" could not stand a day if deprived of its religious support. A A THE right of the people to be free is as much a right on Sunday as on any other day of the week. A A THE  law can justify or condemn, but it has no power to reform. Hence moral reforms are not promoted by legislation. THE reason why some people do not have a "quiet Sabbath" is that they are too much concerned with what other people are doing on that day. A  RIGHT  of conscience is not a right to interfere with the liberty of others, but one affecting only the con-science and conduct of the individual claiming it. A A SINCE legislation represents the will of the majority, religious legislation depends for justification upon the utterly fallacious idea that the majority in religion must be in the right. A A THE  province of religion is not to increase the popu- lation of the jails, but to add souls to the kingdom of God. At least this is the province of Christianity. Hence it has no need for a Sunday law. .st THE rights of all men are equal; and all men, as regards their rights, are equal. One man or class of men, cannot have a right which demands the subver-sion of the rights of others. A A A WEEKLY day of rest is either the Sabbath of the Lord which he set apart at creation, or a counterfeit of it; and as such it must be a religious institution, and the resting upon it must be a religious act. National Reform and the Rights of Conscience. ONE of the objections to the National Reform move- ment which are "answered" by a leading exponent of that movement in a "Manual of Christian Civil Govern- ment," from which we quoted last week, is that of its infringement of the rights of conscience. The author of this National Reform "Manual" assumes to answer this objection and to dispose of what he styles "this high-sounding claim," in this way:Š "What are meant by rights of conscience? and what is an infringement of them? Has any citizen a right of conscience to object to the Thanksgiving proclamations by our President and State governors? Has he a right of conscience to object to the employment at government expense of Christian ministers to pray in Congress or State legislatures? A certain citizen doesn't believe in these things: must they be abandoned as an infringe-ment of his rights? The name of God in our State con-stitutions offends him: is this an infringement of his rights of conscience?" Any person who would answer these questions in the affirmative, he says, is a "secularist Tartar." 