48 TI4E, AMERICA.N SENTINEL,. VoL. 6, No. 6. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 5, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Loyal American thinks that " the men who are too cowardly to stand up for civil and religious liberty because it might injure their business, or interfere with political advancement, are not built like the men who signed the Declaration of Independence." COLONEL SHEPARD'S donation to the American Sabbath Union during the last fiscal year, of that Association, amounted to $7,500. The total receipts for the year were $10,649,45. Perhaps it is not sur-prising that the Colonel was chosen to be his own successor in office. THz Catholic Review criticises the Inde-pendent for advocating the taxation of church property, but admits that the exemption of such property " certainly smacks of the union of Church and State." And it certainly does, for by it the State indirectly contributes to the support of the Church. COMMENTING upon the action of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, in taking steps to try five young ministers, because they insist that it is not a sin to vote, the Catholic Review very justly remarks that " The genius of our Constitution, as evinced through the past century has not been agnostic ; it has simply made provis-ion for every sort of persuasion. The narrow spirit that restricts the rights of citizenship of any one who wishes to use them is certainly most un-American." THE Times, of Dyersburg, Tennessee, has the following to say about Sunday laws :Š All Sunday laws are oppressive, unjust, tyranni-cal, unconstitutional and contrary to' the principles of our Government. It is fundamental with us, that there can be no union or association between Church and State. The State has no religion. The same is true of the Federal Government. In no sense can either be said to be a Christian Government. By the Consti-tution of each, no preference can be given to any religion, or mode of worship; the State was founded for civil affairs, for worldly business; the Church was organized for spiritual affairs. To the State all religions are equally sacred, and entitled to equal protection. All Sunday. laws that have been passed for religious purposes, have in them the religious idea; they are intended to favor a day because it is claimed as sacred by Christians, they are intended  to give preference to the " Christian mode of wor-ship." No candid or fair-minded man can say that Sunday laws, and especially-those of this State and of .the town of Dyersburg, were not so intended,-  or that the ordinance lately passed, was not in response to what was believed to be, the religious sentiment of the church members of the town. This is significant, coming as it does from a county adjoining that in which Mr. King has been so persistently perse-cuted by means of an iniquitous Sunday law. WE are thankful to our friends who have sent us newspaper clippings, etc., giving items .of interest more or less closely connected with our special work. We are not always able to use these things directly, but they are generally suggestive, and so helpful to us. Papers when sent should be marked; the clippings should be accompanied by the name and date of the paper from which they are taken. THE lower branch of the Wyoming Legislature recently passed the following as part of the school law of that State :Š" All religious exercises, such as reading the Bible, praying, etc., are hereby pro-hibited in the public schools or any edu-cational institution in the State of Wyo-ming, which is supported by and is under control of the State, during the sessions of such school or educational institution. The teacher or principal of any school or educational institution violating the pro-visions of this section shall be immediately removed from his or her position, by the Board of school trustees." Ł Ł Ł  AT the late Sabbath Union meeting in Philadelphia, Colonel Shepard bewailed the fact that by the workingmen of New York, and other cities, Sunday is very generally utilized as a day for meetings of labor organizations of various kinds. He thought that such things ought not to be. Of course just now such friends and patrons of labor as the valiant Colonel have not the power to prohibit orderly assemblies of laboring men on Sunday, but that is just what they want, and what they will have ere long, unless the work-ingmen refuse to be charmed by the siren song of the American Sabbath Union. Colonel Shepard and his co-workers prom-ise the workingmen liberty; they would give them slavery. THE " Pearl of Days," of January 16, says:Š The Board of Managers of the American Sabbath Union, held an important meeting, in New York, January 12. The following managers were present : Bishop John F. Hurst, of Washington, D. C., the Rev. Joachim Elmendorf, D. D., the Rev. George Ł S. Mott, D. D., the Rev. R. M. Sommerville, the Rev. Leighton Williams, the Rev. James H. Dar-lington, Ph. D., Col. Elliott F. Shepard, Col. Alex-ander S. Bacon and Secretaries Knowles arid Taylor. The utmost harmony prevailed throughout the meeting, and the decisions so unanimously reached by the Board will tend to broaden and strengthen  the society's operations forŁ the defense of our civil and Christian Sabbath. - The nature of the plans is not stated, but .the Pearl of Days" promises to out-line them in the future, That " the utmost harmony preirailed " to-be wondered at when we remember that the element disposed to make trouble was effectually silenced in Philadelphia, THE pastor of the Third Presbyterial) Church, of Chicago, is quoted as follows, by the Independent, upon the question of the Bible in the public schools : " We would express our earnest hope that all distinctive teaching of religion might be forbidden in the free schools. That the reading of the Bible is of the nature of distinctive religious teaching no one can deny. And because there are tax-paying Jews and infidels, who object to the Bible, I would urge, on the ground of fair play, that it be not read, but that all religious teaching be intrusted. to the home, the Church, and the Sunday-school." ONE of the best numbers of the "Young People's Library " yet issued, is " Jottings from the Pacific No. 2, the Tonga Islands and Other Groups." This book, though one of a series, is like its companions, com-plete in itself, and is a most readable and instructive book. Parents will do well to cultivate in their children a taste forŁ such reading. A year's subscription to the " Young People's Library " costs only $2.75, or $5.50, according to binding, for twelve numbers of one hundred and sixty pages each. Those who desire to secure not only unobjectionable but really in-structive books for their children, cannot do better than to order this library for a year. Address, Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York, or, Oakland, California. Ł ŁŁ  FIRST Philadelphian : " Well, a number -of the neighbors have combined and sent to Wiggins a polite note asking him to leave town." Second Philadelphian : " What's the trouble ? Is Wiggins a Sabbath breaker? " First Philadelphian : "No; but he is un-derstood to have a barrel of cider, in his cellar, and we are informed that the said cider worked on Sunday,"ŠAmerica. -4- Ł THE sooner we divorce Church and State, the better for both.ŠLoyal American. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of th.. -United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Tear, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, - - - - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each: - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Is. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL. +3 Bond Street, New York, 