cutors, their church has grown rapidly under the persecution, and is now the largest congregation in that section of the country., These events which are  re-garded as evident fulfillment of proph-ecies long looked forward to, have stirred the entire church to greater activity. The congregation will be divided into three classes ; the first will go out as mis-sionaries to teach others the gospel so precious to them; another class will look after the families of those who labor in more distant fields, and will also work for their immediate neighbors; and still an-other class, those under arrest, will prob-ably witness for their faith in the prison and chain-gang. No fear regarding their almost certain imprisonment was man-ifested. They asserted their freedom in Christ, and that " whom the Son makes free, is free indeed," whether in prison or out of prison. The wives and mothers are as courageous as are the male portion of the congregation. They prefer to suf-fer separation from their husbands and sons, and the disgrace which imprison-ment will bring, rather than that their loved ones should compromise the faith they hold. A. F. BALLENGER. Chicago, Ill. An Exact Parallel. JAN. 5, 1893. A.M1Fabt.,I1 CA.NT SIE1INTrr INT Ei Ede 7 things, that not one of the parties now under arrest lives on the public road, nor was the work for which they have been indicted, performed in sight of the public road. Again, none of their neighbors have complained against them, and de-clare positively that they are not dis-turbed; and the only way by which they have been indicted and by which they can be convicted, is by requiring members of the church, and in some cases, members of the same family, to testify against each other. The father will be called upon to testify against his sons, and sons against their father. Should they refuse to thus criminate each other, the cases would assume a new phase. If any thing need be added to show that this procedure is unalloyed religious per-secution, it is in the fact that one of the young men now under arrest, was in-dicted for work done on the Sunday fol-lowing the day he became a member of the church. Previous to this time he had not regarded any day and had worked on all days. This, however, was no disturb-ance, so long as he did not observe the seventh day. The writer attended their meetings and visited them at their homes, and at no time did he hear them speak spitefully or disrespectfully of their persecutors. On the other hand they often expressed them-selves as hoping that their enemies might know the truth, the love of which made them willing to suffer if necessary, both imprisonment and the chain-gang, or even death itself. It was touching to hear them plead in prayer for their en-emies, that God would forgive them for their blind zeal in persecuting a harmless people. The church people of Tennessee are not noted for their strict observance of Sun-day. Although they usually refrain from manual labor on that day, they do not scruple to visit their neighbors, examine stock, view real estate, and negotiate trades and sales. Some observers of Sunday, who do not approve of the persecutions visited on their seventh-day neighbors, urge them to cease all observable work on Sunday, and devote the day to such busi-ness as will not require manual labor, or in their own words, "Keep Sunday about as we do." But this, the Seventh-day Adventists declare, would be to compro-mise the very principle at stake. They regard that part of the commandment which says, " Six days shalt thou labor," as binding as that part which reads, " Re-member the Sabbath day to keep it holy." They declare that they could no more pretend to observe Sunday, which stands for a power antagonistic to the God whom they serve, than could the three Hebrews bow down and pretend to "worship the golden image which Nebuchadnezzar, the king, had set up." However, these cruel persecutions are no surprise to the Adventists. From cer- tain prophetic scriptures, notably chapters 12, 13, and 14, of Revelation, the denomina-tion has for forty years, announced from press and pulpit that such persecutions would be realized. Furthermore, it is ex-pected that they will not long be confined to Tennessee, but through recent federal measures such as the Supreme Court de-cision that " this is a Christian Nation," and the unprecedented action of Congress closing the World's Fair on Sunday, such persecutions will become general. Instead of driving out these people as is the evident intention of their perse- MANY preachers, religious journalists, and others, deny that there is religious persecution in Tennessee. " The law does not," say they, " interfere with the Adventists keeping Saturday ; it only says that they must keep Sunday." This they deny to be religious persecution. For Americans to talk thus would be strange beyond expression, were it not for the fact that all peoples of all ages have, as a rule, been utterly incapable of either detecting or appreciating moral heroism, except when it favored their own selfish interests to do so. No one will question that the early Christians were actually persecuted by the heathen emperors of Rome; yet tried by Judge Hammond's decision, or by these Tennessee apologists, there was no persecution about it, as they were not punished for practicing Christianity, but for refusing to observe heathen festivals, etc. The exact parallel between third cen- tury Rome and these modern persecutors on this point, is concisely stated in "History of Rome," by Rev. Creighton, Fellow and Tutor, of Oxford University, thus :Š From time to time the emperors tried to put a stop to Christianity. They thought that it was teaching the people to disobey the laws, and that Christians were not faithful subjects. They could not understand a religion whose followers refused to take part in the religion of the State. They did not object to the Christians having their own wor-ship, but they insisted that all members of the State should take part in the State festivals and sacrifices. This the Christians could not do, so the emperors from time to time persecuted them. It was not so much the wicked emperors who perse-cuted as the good ones; for they looked upon the Christians as rebels who ought to be put down. Thus Trajan, Decins, and Valerian were all perse-cutors ; but Diocletian was most of all. The Chris-tians alone held out for freedom. Then, according to the rule which preachers apply to Tennessee Adventists, the early Christian martyrs were but fanatics. These so-called National Reformers call themselves " successors to the Prophets." Yes, but which prophets? There were prophets of Baal as well as others. Guo. A. BATES. Newport, England. IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES DECEMBER 12, 1892. Referred to the Select Committee on the Columbian Exposition and ordered to be printed. MR. DURBOROW introduced the following joint resolution: JOINT RESOLUTION To provide for opening the World's Columbian Exposition on Sunday. Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That section four of an act of Congress approved August fifth, eighteen hundred and ninety-two, to aid in carrying out the act of Con-gress approved April twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and ninety, entitled "An act to provide for celebrating the four hundredth anniversary of the discovery of America by Christopher Co-lumbus by holding an international exposition of arts, industries, manufactures, and products of the soil, mine, and sea, in the city of Chicago, in the State of Illinois," and appropriating money therefor, be, and the same is hereby, so amended as to permit the gates of the Exposition to be open on each and every day of the week : Provided, That all machinery, merchandizing, and unnecessary labor shall be stopped within the grounds of said Exposition on the first day of the week.  commonly called Sunday: And provided further, That no employee shall be required to work more than six days in each week, and that it shall be, and is hereby, made the duty of the World's Columbian Commission, created by act of Congress approved April twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and ninety, to make such rules or modification of the rules of the corporation known as the World's Columbian Exposition as will give full force and effect to the provisions herein contained. IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES DECEMBER 20, 1892. Referred to the Select Committee on the Columbian Exposition and ordered to be printed. MR. DURBOROW introduced the following jointresolution : JOINT RESOLUTION To repeal the religious legislation pertaining to the World's Columbian Exposition : Whereas the United States Constitution specifically states that " Congress shall make no laws respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof " Therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Act of Congress approved August fifth, eighteen hundred and ninety-two, appropriating five millions of Co-lumbian half dollars to provide for celebrating the four hun-dredth anniversary of the discovery of America by Christopher Columbus by holding an international exposition of arts, in-dustries, manufactures, and products of the soil, mine, and sea in the city of Chicago, in the State of Illinois, on the condition that the said exposition shall not be opened to the public on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday ; and also that section four of " an act to aid in carrying out the act of Congress approved April twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and ninety, entitled An act to provide for celebrating the four hundredth anniversary of the discovery of America by Chris-topher Columbus, by holding an international exposition of the arts, industries, manufactures, and products of the soil, mine, and sea, in the city of Chicago, in the State of Illinois,' " be, and the same is hereby, amended so as to leave the matter of Sunday observance entirely within the power of the regularly constituted authorities of the World's Columbian Exposition, Literary Note. THE value and utility of that unique literary pub-lication, The Weekly Bulletin of Newspaper and Periodical Literature, published at 5 Somerset Street, Boston, has been greatly enhanced by the recent addition of some important new fea-tures. Beside serving as a guide and index to the press of the country by affording a weekly classified and descriptive catalogue of the contents of over twelve hundred different papers and magazines, the Bulletin will hereafter supply the growing public demand for a review of the periodical press by de-voting several pages every week to comprehensive summaries of the best and most interesting articles appearing in the monthly magazines and the daily and weekly papers. As the Bulletin is a weekly publication, its read-ers will have the summaries of the best features of the press almost as soon as the original articles appear. The department of "Literary Notes " will also be enlarged and enriched, and other attractive features, such as an illustrated cover, portraits of authors, etc., will be introduced. Extra copies of this number of the SENTINEL can be had for $1 per hun-dred or $S per thousand. The articles in this paper giving the history of the National Reform movement, and defin-ing the powers of the majority and the "Christian's duty to obey civil govern-ment" are alone worth many times the price of the paper. You can get noth-ing better for genuine missionary work. 