"81 AMERICAN is that in which most careful attention is bestowed upon the individual constituents that enter into it. A Kingdom Usurped. As learned from a previous paper, the kingdom of God is composed of five constituents, or necessary parts, namely; territory, subjects, the King, his throne, and his laws. That kingdom complete must retain all these features: TO take 'away froth the compaet any one of these tO destroy the unity of the kingdom. In every Part Of GOd's kingdom these must not only be retained in harniony with each other, but all these parts must render homage to' the one sovereign King. Any portion of these elements, not so related to the general whole, is in rebellion against their rightful Ruler. ' When man in Eden 'was induced to transfer his alle- giance froth the king of heaven to Satan's rule of sin, he not only withdrew himself, as a subject, fromthat com-pact, but the territory which had been entrusted to his dominion, as God's representative, was also transferred to the rule of sin;-and man became Satan's representative in that portion of the universe, to govern it after the model of force. Thus it is seen that, as shown by the line drawn across the diagram, a portion of the orig-inal kingdorawas affected by sin. -The earth. and- its inhabitants, represented by that- part of the diagram marked B, were by this cut off from the government of heaven, as shown by A, and became the territory :and Subjects of another government. :In this transfer it was impossible to make over to the usurper more than, these :two parts,Šthe territory with -its subjects,' - The king, with his throne and laws, being higher than man, and therefore beyond his reach, were not power to carry over to the aide of Satan. These . being eternal in:  their nature, remain forever as they were —before sin, entered. This being true, the three eternal, unchangeable elements of the kingdom of God can never combine with the, rule of earthly governments, ,because of the difference 'of their administrations. Love and :force,— as ,governmental policies, cannot possibly -.God TAPIlot join the divine elements of his gov-ernment: with thonaof,earthly rule, because his righteous-: nesaanct love, are, 'entirely incompatible with the laws of lain andorce..  : The Sayiour  therefore said truly, "Ye cannot serve God:and-mammon." Matt. 6:24. The reason is plain. Such a course, would:  necessitate serving two masters who are, directly opposite, in every particular, which would be ; Utterly imposSible:: So, then, while the influence. Of :hu-man selfishness, combined with Satan's system of .gov- "ernment,'coxit'iolstheworld it cannot be true that God ,unites the will Of heaven:71th these revolting portions of his kingdom enforce Obeiiienee tO'his When one  ig'fOrced to do a thing, his mind does not give consent, and without the consent of the mind, one cannot serve the law of 'God. ROM. 7:25. So long, therefore, as the Mind remains 'unchanged from its carnal state, it is al-ways, and at all times, enmity to God and his rule.. Rom. 8:7. God cannot add his 'sanction to any attempt to force obedience to him; and still retain his gentleness, which alone ma,kes men great in righteousness. Ps.18:35. Since the reign of sin, which makes force the predom-inant element in earth's governments, separated the earth and its dwellersirom God's kingdom, it must be necessary for that rule to pass away before the earth can againbecome a part of the kingdom of righteousness. To this end the Saviour has instructed all to daily pray, "Thy kingdom come, thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven." Matt. 6:10. God's will is not done in heaven because its inhabitants are forced to it, nor are different degrees of consecration known in the service there ren-dered. All the service of that intact reign is therefore complete in single-mindedness, and no. one there dissents in any degree from the mind of Jehovah. The restoration of that perfect rule in the earth must therefore be the entire elimination of sin from every heart and from every nook of the territory usurped by Satan. In other words, the kingdoms of this world must become "the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ," that he may rule therein forever, just as he now reigns over that portion of the territory and subjects which were never subjected to the rule of sin. But this work must begin in the hearts of the subjects, and under the influence of God's Spirit, rather than by the force of law. It must be ac-complished by those loyal to God's government entering the' usurped . territory and proclaiming "liberty to the captives" in thename of the king of heaven (Isa. 61:1, 2), and pointing them to a better reign, as exercised by the Lord himself, rather than by using the laws of the usurped territory to enforce an obedience prescribed by them as the will of heaven. It almost seems as though men are blind who cannot see that Satan, having .brought sin into the world, and so secured control of it, will never try to make its inhab-itants become loyal 'to heaven, the very government of which he is an avowed enemy. It is indeed strange that so few suspect that the laws enacted in Satan's territory, apparently looking to setting up the reign of God there, are but a feint,Ša politic moveŠto cover up Satan's op-position to God, by his appearing to be an "angel of light" (2 Cor. 11:14), and that he deludes men by this device actually to assist him in his work, under the pre-tense'  that they are thus advancing the interests of the kingdom of God. The Pharisees of Christ's time were similarly, deceived. They believed that their nation, and country constituted the kingdom of God, even though fallen under ,the-exact-ing rule of the Roman power. Knowing no form of gov-ernment but 'that whieh was' external and,visible, they supposed 'that when their kingdom was,again liberated from a'foreign: yoke, it Would be done by being recon- 