T.t=m AMERICAN SENTINEL— 29 meetings of the Ministerial Association. Yet, in view of the important principles involved, no clear-headed Baptist could have done otherwise, even if the danger of being misunderstood had been twice as great. The question involved was, as we understand the matter, two-fold. First, would it be morally right for the members of the Association to advise and use their influence to induce the members of the city council to violate their distinct promise, given some months since, that in the event of their re-ceiving a petition, signed by a certain number of citizens, asking them to refer the question of run-ning the cars on Sunday to the people, they would do so and abide by the result ? It is not necessary to our purpose to inquire whether the members of the council were well-advised in making such a promise under the circumstances, or not. It is not, we believe, denied that the pledge was distinctly given. As honorable men the councillOrs were surely bound to keep it, and honorable advisers would seem bound to encourage them in doing The other question at issue is fundamental and far-reaching. It involves the germ of the whole question of the union of Church and State. On what ground may a body of Christians, minis-ters or laymen, properly appeal to the State or muŁ nicipal authorities to prohibit Sunday labor of any kind ? . . In this case the majority of the ministers and several of the councilmen advocate their resolution on distinctly religious grounds. We are citizens, they say in effect, of a Christian State". The obligation to keep the Sabbath is im-po; ed upon us by a divine command. The running of the street cars on Sunday is a violation of this command and a desecration of the LOrd's day, and should not be permitted in a Christian nation. At first thought it may be a matter of surprise to many of our readers, as it evidently was to many members of the Ministerial Association, that any Christian, minister or layman, could take exception to such an argument or refuse to join in such an appeal. But a little reflection will, we are sure, make it clear that the Baptist ministers present at the meeting were justified on scriptural and on Baptistic grounds in doing so. Let us suppose that the views of the majority of the Ministerial Associatian had prevailed with the council. What logically follows ? The city coun-cil of Toronto take it upon themselves in the first place to decide that the particular kind of work in-volved in running, or in riding in the street cars, is a desecration of the Sabbath, and contrary to Scrip-ture, and therefore to be forbidden without refer-ence to the will of the people. They can not ac-cept this interpretation of ScriptureŠfor such it is, since many good Christian people do not regard the fourth commandment as binding upon the Chris-tian conscience in respect to the first day of the weekŠupon the authority of the ministers, though it would be easy to show that the thing would be none the less objectionable if they could. But that would be clearly to shirk responsibility and abdi-cate their own proper functions. The councillors themselves then must first decide for the whole body of citizens what is the requirement of the Bible in the given case, and, in the second place, must en-force by legal pains and penalties their decision or opinion in regard to that requirement. NO Baptist could for a moment submit to the usurpation of such authority in religious matters by any civil power. If a government or municipal council may rightly prescribe and enforce this religious observ-ance, why not any other which may seem to them desirable or obligatory ? It will be understood, of course, that the Baptist pastors, and the Baptists of the city generally are as strongly opposed to the running of street cars on Sunday as their pedobaptist brethren can pos-sibly be, and are fully prepared to support their opinions by abundant arguments of the kind which come properly within the purview of the council. The only difference is that they deny that the coun oil has any right to forbid their running, on reli- gious grounds, or to enforce Sabbath observance as a religious ordinance. The religious aspect of the question is beyond and above their sphere. From this it follows that the Baptists will probably rec_ ognize the right of the citizens to decide the ques-tion. Happily, there is every reason to believe that the majority will decide in favor of preserving our quiet, Christian Sabbath. The Baptists have made a good record in the struggle for religious freedom. And every friend of liberty will rejoice to see them on the right track in Toronto, they need to take one step further, however and see that Sunday is purely and entirely a religious institution, and that any civil legislation whatever in regard to it, whether by the whole people or by a city council, is wholly in the interest of reli-gion. But religion can not be advanced. by compelling its observance under the pains and penalties of law, else God would long since have resorted to that method, and not left it a matter of free choice. Hence all Sunday laws, considered from whatever standpoint, are wrong. More Moral Legislation. AND now Mr. Alexander, of North Car-olina, comes forward with another bill, intended to put an end to " gambling " in agricultural products. " Ghmbling " is defined as the purchase or sale of a con-tract to deliver or receive at some future time any product of the soil, such as cot-ton, corn, wheat, oats, rye, etc., the con-tractor not being at the date of the con-tract the actual owner of the product in question. Of course, anything that has been said against any preceding bills of the same kind applies with equal force to Mr. Alex-ander's bill. The end sought in all or any of them is quite beyond the reach of legislation not actually destructive to commerce. A law really capable of sup-pressing contracts for the future delivery of cotton would cripple every milling busi-ness in the country, and a law capable of achieving the same consummation as re-gards other agricultural products would render impossible all wholesale transactions in those lines. We would revert to the spin-ning wheel and the family loom, and our commerce would be done without any agency larger than a peck measure. The whole thing is preposterous and impos-sible. Mr. Alexander, however, does not stop at merely prohibiting the traffic in ques-tion. He adopts the example already set up in the case of the lotteries, and pro-vides for the exclusion from the mails of all letters, postal-cards, circulars, and other literature relating to this " gam-bling " in agricultural products, and of all newspapers, prospectuses, pamphlets, etc., containing advertisements of such busi-ness and of market reports of quotations and transactions therein. He even orders that a tax of $2 per word shall be levied on all telegram or telephone messages  used in pursuance of the aforesaid gambling. He does not arrange to take charge of the express companies in the same interest, but that will doubtless be done later in an amendment; unless, in-deed, he regards his bill as being compre-hensive and stringent enough already, as well he may. We are not surprised at Mr. Alexander's bill. As the Post has had occasion to observe on various occasions hitherto, the country seems to be passing through a paroxysm of foolish and mischievous leg-islation, or proposed legislation, the object whereof is to make people moral by stat-ute, and the effect whereof is to efface the sovereignty of the States and to de-stroy the Federal feature of our form of Government. Congress has just as much right to say that newspapers shall not publish " future " quotations as to say that they shall not publish anything else, and it will have the same right later on to say that they shall not advertise liquor houses or horse-races or private banking concerns that deal in stocks and bonds, or life insurance companies where 'the policy holder gambles on his own death. Upon the whole, we are not sure that it wouldn't be as well to have all these points covered by legislation at once. The sooner the country realizes the folly of it, the sooner we shall return to wholesome and rational methods.Š Washington Post, January, 17, 1892. God the Moral Governor. THE State has nothing whatever to do with interpreting and administering the law of God. Every man must answer for himself to God; which would not be the case if the State was permitted to come between the individual and God. In that case men would be responsible to the State, and the State to God; there would be in that case no direct accountability to God; the citizen would inquire, what does the State say, and knowing and doing the will of the State, the individual would be free. But such is not the plan of God. He has ordained civil government to reg-ulate the civil affairs of men, and in civil matters men are responsible to the State; but in morals, men are answerable alone to God. He is the only moral governor, and his law is the only moral law. THE State can not make laws touching religion on the plea of its own responsibil-ity; and the citizens do not need such laws, because each one is personally re-sponsible to another tribunal infinitely higher than the State, for his standing in morals. Then all that the State can do, is to make laws prohibiting any man, or any set of men, from interrupting others in the enjoyment of their peculiar form of worship. Any law violating this princi-ple, would work gross injustice to the whole people. 