242 AMERICAN SENTINEL. But there is very much in the world which passes for goOdnesathat is not goodness. The-'young man who came to Christ thought that he was. goixl. He made a show -of goodnesa in his life; and being outwardly a keeper of the commandments, he no doubt passedŠand would pass in this dayŠfor a good man. But his good-n.ess was spurious, and only involved hiin in ruin at last. God alone is good; and "God is love." Therefore there can be no goodness apart' from love. The young Ł ruler thought he was a good 'man, but he failed on the test of love. He was not willing to use his riches for the benefit of his fellowmen. "Good citizenship" and "Christian citizenship" aim,  to "purify politics,"Što put goodness in the place of evil, in politics. But what kind of 'Ł goodness " will it be which will thus be put into politics? Will it be genuine goodness, which is from God alone, or will it be a counter-feit? As certainly as it is a counterfeit, it will involve in ruin all that which depends upon. it. And itis no small thing which is made to depend upon the success of the "Good Citizenship" movement. It is proposed to accomplish by it great things, even to evolve a goyernment in which "Christ and His law" will be the "supreme authority in national as in individual life" (See pi 250). It is proposed by it to usher in the millennium and set up the kingdom of Christ on the earth. If the scheme fails, therefore, what will be the result? What less than the spiritual bankruptcy of all who shall have reared the edifice of their spiritual hopes upon it? ' Love is the test of goodness. Will the goodness of "Good Citizenship" stand this test? Will this test be applied to it? Can it be applied by any method of polit-ical procedure? "Love is of God," and "without faith it is impossible to please Him." Faith is the link which connects the soul with God. There can be no real goodness without love, no real love without faith. Does "Good Citizen-ship" operate through faith? Is faith a method of po-litical action? Human conduct can be purified only through faith in the Word of God? Nothing that is shaped by human conduct can be good or pure apart from the power of God through faith. And faith cannot enter into politics. Politics is of this world. It has no connection with "Christ and His law," or with the kingdom of God. It cannot bring "a clean thing out of an unclean," It can prove only a deception to those who trust in it for good: A NEW YORK paper, making note of the fact that on April 14 "many thousands of New Yorkers crowded cer-tain streets of the metropolis, at some risk to life and limb, to welcome, cheer and honor a fellow-being who had just arrived and whose sole claim to distinction is that he is not so far removed from the gorilla as most of us are," gives an explanation for the phenomenon in the following:Š "While every Christian nation in Europe goes armed to the teeth.like a border desperado,'and in its policies pays no more regard to the precepts of Christ than if he had never lived and taught,, is it really so very odd that an individual fighter of genius should not encounter ab--horrence only when he enters the chief city of the United States ?" The truth is that the very "Christianity" of most people to-day is of a fighting character. But for all this it is no less true that 'real Christianity means peace. Turning and Twisting. TRUTH bears its own credentials. It does not need the advantage which results from a comparison with error. Yet to some minds the turning and twisting of those who attempt to defend error is the first indication that error is error. Most People who observe the first day of the week as a weekly holy day, apply to it the Bible name "Sab-bath," a name which the Lord applies to the seventh, but never to the.first day of the week. "Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," is the plain word of the Lord. Those who teach that the first day of the week is the Sabbath are continually worried by demands from their followers for Bible proof for calling the first day the Sab_ bath. One of these demands was recently addressed to a Mr. Gamble, who just now poses as the Sunday-sabbath champion for the Christian Endeavorers. Here it is:Š " Where in the NewŁ Testament [give chapter and verse] is the first day of the week spoken of as the Sabbath, or a Sabbath?" This question, with Mr. Gamble's reply, was published on the first page of the Christian Endeavorer, for April. We quote a part of the reply, and ask the reader to ob-serve the twisting:Š " Proceeding to speak of the resurrection day, he [Matthew] continues; `as it began to dawn toward the one of the Sabbaths' [translated in the Authorized and Bevised Versions, first day of the week]; evidently mean-ing the `one' of the system that belonged to the Chris-tian era. If the resurrection Sunday was the `one' of Sabbaths, the next Sunday was the second, etc." In the very next sentence Mr. Gamble proceeds to destroy what he has attempted to build up, as follows:Š "Acts 20:7, says: 'And on the one of the Sabbaths when the disciples came together to break bread [hold the communion], Paul preached to them, etc." In attempting to explain his new translation, Mr. Gamble says, "If the resurrection Sunday was the `one' of Sabbaths, the next Sunday was the second, etc." Very well; then the resurrection Sunday would be the only day which could be called the "one 'of the Sab-baths," the following Sunday must be called the second 