92 AMERICAN SENTINEL.. than did they? They said, " All men are created equal." Let us call such work by the right name, which Mr. McKinley gave it last springŠ" criminal aggression." By forsaking right principles we cannot hope for success. "Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness," in their way, too, belong to the Filipinos as well as to others. If they need reforming, persuasion and education can be resorted to. T. E. BOWEN. The War of Principle.ŠNo. 16. "TEE thought brought out in our last talk, Meek, that men might not recognize the operation of the Holy Spirit in the true follower of Christ, is forcibly illustrated in the 12th chapter of Acts." "So it is, and it illustrates the two warring principles as well; for Herod, his prison and his guards, stand for man-dependence, and Peter, imprisoned for Christ's sake, the company of Christians praying for his release at the home -of Mary, represent reliance on God. But Cecil, what made Herod take the course of persecution that he did?" "It says, because he saw it pleased the Jews.'" "There is another illustration of this principle's weakness. Man-pleasing, man-fearing, and 'oppression go together. If he had looked only for what would have pleased God, he would have been a free man." "But Aleck, Peter, James, and others of the church had looked only to please God, and they were killed and imprisoned. How does your principle accountfor that?" asked Cecil. "'Four walls do not a prison make?' If the Son shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed,'" quoted Aleck. "Beside, it was not bondage that could be so easily broken as was Peter's. The prison was to him simply the out-working of divine providence. They conquer though they die.'" "Peter's experience was wonderful. But Aleck, why do we not hear of such experiences to-day?" " No doubt we shall hear of just such occurrences, when circumstances make it necessary." "Well Meek, one might almost covet Peter's place, if he could have such a miraculous deliverance." "How was it, Cecil? The details of the narrative are dim and disconnected in my mind." "Herod ordered that Peter should be kept in prison till after Easter. Then he intended bringing him forth for the same kind of trial as had been given to James and JesusŠa trial in which the death-penalty was fore-cast and predetermined." "They have just such trials to-day, Cecil. Some of the trials have not even as much semblance of justice as had those trials." " What do you mean Aleck? Where do they have such trials?" "Here, my friend; in the enlightened, justice- and liberty-loving land of the supposed free and equal." " Give me an illustration." "Not long ago, I heard of the lynching of a colored man, and the burning of another. The trial as to their guilt or innocence was held the day after their death." "0 well, no doubt they suffered their just desserts." "No Cecil; justice demands that they have an un-prejudiced hearing. And beside, such arbitrary, unreas-onable action on the part of accusers, menaces the liberty and life of every one else, and make steps for mob law. and wholesale murder. But let us not digress. We'll - discuss this later. Go on with your story." "The very night before the trial, when Peter was sleeping between two guards, an angel came in, struck off his chains, bade Peter bind on his sandals and wrap his cloak about him, and led him out. Bars, doors, chains, guards, soldiers, and prison walls made no re-sistance. While the story is awe-inspiring, it also pre-sents to my mind a humorous side. Think how Herod and his bulwarks were non-plused and out-generaled! It does me good to think of it." " 0 Cecil, what a deal of human 'nature there is in us all! God was seeking by this miracle, not simply to out-general Herod and his guards, but to give them evidence of his omnipotence, that haply they might feel after him and find him." The evidence he gave them, as far as the record goes, was useless. Herod ordeied the guards slain, and went off about his business in apparent unconcern. The very fact that he had the guards slain,, denies super-natural intervention, and charges the guards with un-faithfulness or threachery." " Poor man! There are none so blind as those who will not see.' By every effort we make to dodge truth, and escape duty, we step on toward Herod's blindness and cruel selfishness. Well, what's the rest of the story ? " "Aleck, you have a way of making every narrative or idea take on a personal aspect. Since we began these talks I am haunted quite as much as Eugene Field's boy in the poem Seein' Things.' However, that thought brings mellogically back to Peter; for he thought he was in a dream until he found himself alone. Realizing that he had been set free by an angel, in joy he hurried to the home of Mary, where the brethren had been and still were, praying for his deliverance. Rhoda, a young girl, 