AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 87 government institutions. The idea of an army without a chaplain would be an anomaly among Christian and civilized nations. But the policy has been 'the less, the better;' and, consequently, while there have been some one hundred posts within the United States occupied by the troops, there have been only from thirty to thirty-four chaplains. As chaplains do not travel from post to post, but are confined in their ministrations to the garrison to which they are assigned, two-thirds of the occupied posts have been, and are, to day, without chap-lains." The truth about the whole matter is this: Congress has no business supplying the army with chaplains. It must be evident that it could not at all do without dis-criminating against the religious belief of the one or the other. The churches, however, are free to place chap-lains at these posts, at their own expense, and it is their business to do so. The church and not the state, is bound to provide for the spiritual welfare of our soldiers: Eternal Vigilance the Price of Liberty. By William Lloyd Garrison. Men think because from bloody war and strife Freedom emerges with trumphant feet, Mounting the throne of Justice for her seat, Her reign of glory holds a lasting life, Never illusion with more danger rife! Lulled to repose, for rest and sleep are sweet, She dreams,while back,with stealthy foot steps fleet, Oppression rushes with its murderous knife. With Washington to guide, what need to guard? Answer, thou civil war from slavery's womb! With Lincoln in the firmament enstarred, Has not the vanquished monster found its tomb? Feigned its insensibility; unslain, Behold it rising to its prey again! Do We Need More Holidays? Revolution in the United States. New York "World," Feb. 2. WHEN members of the Kentucky Legislature sought to enter the State Capitol yesterday they found their entrance barred by bayonets. The State militia, under orders of Governor Taylor, not only prevented their entrance to the legislative halls, but threatened them with arrest if they sought to assemble elsewhere in the city. This is in the simplest terms execptive usurpation supported by military power. It is the act of a dicta-tor, not of a governor. It is what happened in France under Louis Napoleon. It is a repetition of frequent history in the revolutionary Central and South Ameri-can states. But it is a startling innovation in one of  the United States. The dispersion of a sovereign legis-lative body by executive proclamation, and the substi-tution of the militia for the legislature or the courts in settling a disputed election, is a strange sight in our land since the close of the war. Government by bayonets rather than ballotsŠthe rule of force instead of the rule of lawŠis revolution, by whatever official practised, by whatever party sus-tained. If assassination and usurpation shall be permitted to achieve their objects in this case, not much imagina-tion is required to see what a few regiments of Federal soldiers might do in Washington under the orders of a President who announced his determination, as Gov-ernor Taylor did yesterday, to "stick even if he precipi-tated a bloody war." The whole deplorable affair illustrates the danger-ous tendencies and natural results of the new policy of militarismŠof "bending" the organic lawŠof govern-ment "outside the Constitution." Lynn Roby Meekins, in the "Saturday Evening Post." A BILL in the present Congress provides that the twelfth day of February, the birthday of Lincoln, and the second day of April, the birthday of Jefferson, be made holidays. Why? There are at present in this country twenty-nine holidays. Most of them are local. There is no national holiday; even the Fourth of July is not a day of rest by act of Congress. Although the President proclaims a day of Thanksgiving, it does not become a legal holiday in any State unless there is a law for it. But in spite of the complications of the question, there seem to be liberal cessations from toil. The Sundays yield fifty-two days of rest; the Saturday half-holidays twenty six days more. This makes seventy-eight days. Then each State has its own legal holidays, and often each city has its special days of observance. For in-stance, Massachusetts observes April 19 as Patriots' Day. Utah has July 24 as Pioneers' Day. Vermont has August 16 as the Bennington Battle Day. California has September 9 as Admission Day. So it goes all over the country. When we take all these holidays and combine the statistics we find that they amount on an average to about ninety days or moreŠpractically one-fourth of the year. This new bill would add a second holiday in February, the shortest month of the year. Twelve of the States already have holidays in April, so that the new-bill would also place a second holiday in that month. We are in favor of holidays, of course, and wish we could crowd the calender with them. But it may be well not to rush toward the conditions that exist in Russia and some other countries, where there are so many holidays that the people who want to work have scarcely time or the opportunity to get up in the world. 