"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, APRIL 13, 1899. NUMBER 15. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pas forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) No CIVIL law can deliver anybody from moral slavery. wte THE State cannot enact' religious laws without as-suming the attribute of infallibility. IF righteousness by law were a possibility, the Phar-isees would not have been hypocrites. RELIGIOUS legislation cannot make anybody good, but it can help almost anybody to be bad. THE devil has no objection to any plan of making men righteous which does not include the exercise of faith. THE preacher in his God-appointed sphere is a light-house; in politics he is a will-o-the-wisp flitting over a-swamp. THE State says mankind needs a "civil Sabbath," the Creator says man needs a religious Sabbath. Which is right? IF the Scriptures are true, the time will never come in this present world when the saints will be able to out-vote the sinners. WHEN Christians take hold of politics, they pull themselves down to the level of the world, but do not pull the world up to the level of Christianity. IF the "civil Sabbath" is something altogether dis-tinct from the religious Sabbath, as we are told, why must the two always come on the same day? BEING hopelessly divided as to what is true and right in religion, the preachers now offer to take charge of civil affairs and lead the country into a political heaven! The National Recognition of God. THE separation of this country from the empire of Britain, and the erection of the American Republic in the place of the British monarchy, are based upon the asser-tion that "all men are created equal." Upon this assertion is based the assertion that all men have "certain unalienable rights;" and by the as-sertion of these rights Jefferson and his compatriots jus-tified the separation from Great Britain. But the assertion that "all men are created equal" is an unequivocal recognition of God. The very existence of this American Republic is, therefore, based upon a rec-ognition of God. No one can justly claim, therefore, that God is not recognized in the American Republic. Yet precisely this claim is made by the National Reform party and their religious allies. They say that the nation will perish unless it makes a recognition of the Deity. But upon a recognition of the Deity is based the whole national structure as it has stood since the Revo-lution; for, as pointed out, the recognition of God the Creator is made the basis and justification of the first and fundamental step in giving the nation a separate, independent existence. 