372 ItaNTIEIELICAW SMINTITINJEILA. VOL. 10, No. 47. them; and, though that which they swore was true, yet, because they know it not, it was a false oath in them, for the which both the procurer and the witnesses were sentenced in the Star Chamber." " Now, it will be observed, that the form of the oath which the witness takes in court is, to speak the 'truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.' Yet, in contempla-tion of law, it is, as the reader sees, to speak the truth as he understands it.' So, in like manner, the form of the oath which the legis-lator or the President takes is to support the Constitution; while, in contemplation of law, it is to support the Constitution as he un-derstands it.' We have seen that, if the wit-ness tells what is really true, but he does not understand it to be so, he swears falsely; so, on the other hand, if what the witness states is false, yet he believes it to be true, on what seems to be good ground of belief, he is inno-cent of perjury.' And the latter part of this doctrine, as well as the former, applies to the President or a legislator, in respect of the official oath to support the Constitution." " The author has just stated that this doc-trine is old. Thus, Lord Coke has traced it back to the earliest dawn of light concerning the common law. He continues: For, as Fleta saith, Ad rectum juramentum exiguntur tria, veritas, conscientia, judicium; truth and conscience in the witness, and judgment in the judge. And herewith agreed Bracton, that a man may swear the truth, and yet be perjured. Dicunt quidam verism, et men-tiuntur, et pejarant, co quod contra mentem vadunt. Ut si Judacus juraverit Christum natum ex virgine, perjuriam committet, quia mentem vadit, quia non credit its esse et jurat." " In like manner we may trace the doctrine down from Lord Coke through all the books on the original law, and through the adjudged cases, to the present time. The student who is curious on this point, will find help from consulting the note.' The last statement of the doctrine by any text-writer is in the author's work on the Criminal Law. It is there set down as fol-lows: " If the witness supposes he is testify-ing falsely, it is corrupt as to him, and a per-version of the truth in the court of justice; it is therefore perjury, though in fact what he says is true."' Among the American cases is one in Indiana, decided in 1841, when the bench was occupied by able judges; and Blackford, a very competent judge, said: "To cortitute perjury, the oath must, of course, be false; but that may be the case, whilst, at the same time, the matter sworn is true. The Gurneis's case, 3 Inst. 166. 4 2. Bishop Crim. Law, 1007. 5  3. Inst. 166. 5  Ockley's case, Palmer, 294; Allen V. Westley, Hct. 97; 1 Hawk. P. C. Curw. ed. p. 433, 6; 1 Gab. Crim. Law, 793; 2 Deacon Crim. Law, 1000; Archb. Crim. Law Proceed. 599; Archb. Crim. Pl. & V. 13th_ Eng. ed. 680; 2 Chit. Crim. Law, 303; 2 Russ. Crimes, Grea ed. 597; Whart. Am. Crim. Law, 4th ed, 2201; Rex v. Edwards, 2 Russ. Crimes, Grea. ed. 597 note; Rex v. Mawbet, 6 T. R. 619, 637; Commonwealth v. Hatstat, 2 Boston Law Reporter, 177, 179; People v. McKin-ney, 3 Parker C. C- 510; The State v. Cruikshank, 6 Blackf. 62. These authorities are all one the way. They all sustain the doc_ trine of the text; but, as I wish to cite everything, I will add, that there is one case, reported in a book of reports which Mr. Wallace, in his Reporters, 3rd ed. p. 226, says is, in point of reliability, " so so; " namely, the 3d of Modern, wherein that half fabulous personage, " Curia," observes, by way of dictum: " There is a difference when a man swears a thing which is true in fact,.and yet he doth not know it to be so, and to swear a thing to be true which is really false; the first is perjury before God, and the other is an offense of which the law takes notice." Rex v. Hinton, 3 Mod. 122. This is the only passage I ever saw in any law book, conflicting, even by way of dictum, with the doctrine of the text: and this leaves the offense to be perjury before God. But every lawyer knows that such an observation, from such a source, has no weight against a current of legal authority, law is, that what is sworn to mast be either false in fact, or, if true, the defendant must not have known it to be so." The learned judge then quotes Lord Coke, the same as we have done, and adds: " The law is also so stated by the later writers on original law. It follows, we think, that where a man swears that a thing is so, or that he believes it to be so, when, in truth, he does not believe it to be so, the oath is false, though the fact really be as stated."' " The Constitution of the United States, while it is the supreme law,' is so only in the sense of excluding all law which is in con-flict with it. The law, which we are here considering, is, though unwritten, as obliga-tory as any written law, except such written law as is contrary to the unwritten provision. The clauses which require the oath to support the Constitution are not adverse to the un-written law, but are to be construed by it; hence, we see, that the view which President Jackson presented of the oath was merely a statement of what was always the law of the land. . . . The law laid down by Pres-ident Jackson was the old adjudged law, bind-ing all persons concerned by the force of authority." It is therefore evident that each officer must declare Sunday laws unconstitutional, except when he believes them to be just and legal, when, according to the law as we have pre-sented it, he is protected in his belief; but otherwise, he violates his oath of office if he does not set the law aside and regard it as though it were not. " An unconstitutional statute," says Judge Cooley, " is to be re-garded as having never, at any time, been possessed of any legal force." SUNDAY OBSERVANCE. Letter From Rev. M. O'Keefe on This Subject. [From the Catholic Mirror, Baltimore, Md., Nov. 9.] IN response to an invitation to attend a meeting of ministers in Towson, Father O'Keefe replied as follows:Š Towson, Baltimore Co., Md., Oct. 23, 1895. REV. MESSRS. J. FRED HEISSE, W. G. CASSARD, and C. E. GUTHRIEŠGentlemen: I am in receipt of your esteemed favor of the 19th instant, courteously inviting me to at-tend a meeting in the lecture room of the M. E. Church, Towson, at 2: 30 P. M. to-morrow, as follows:Š REV. M. O'KEEFEŠReverend and Dear Brother: The violations of the Sunday laws in your county is flagrant. The exposure of guilty parties is arresting attention, We desire a conference of the ministers of the county. Please meet us in the lecture room of the Towson M. E. Church, at 2:80 o'clock, next Thursday afternoon, Oct. 24. Sunday laws must be enforced. Come. Do not disappoint us. Your Brethren, J. FRED HEISSE. W. G. CASSARD. October 19, 1895. C. E. GUTHRIE. In reply, I would beg leave to say that whilst fully appreciating the courtesy extended me as a clergyman residing in the county, I am at loss to conjecture whether the invitation may be regarded as referring to me as a citizen or clergyman, or as both combined. Anyhow I regret to be obliged to state that I could not conscientiously participate in a discussion of the infraction of the Sunday laws. Holding no office under the civil law, whether as judge, magistrate, sheriff, squire, bailiff, constable, detective or spy, paid or unpaid, I  could not help regarding myself otherwise than as an officious intermeddler in the legiti-mate buisness of the proper officers appointed to execute the laws, and who would very natur-ally regard my action as a gratuitous piece of interference in their legitimate calling. The above officials under County Commiss-ioners are the responsible officers entrusted with the duty of taking due cognizance of all such violations, and, doubtless, are as willing and ready as they are competent to bring all violators of the law to condign punishment. Hence, as a citizen of this great republic, I am amenable to the laws enacted by the peo-ple's representation for the benefit and happi-ness of the masses, and as one of the number, I highly appreciate and duly enjoy with undis-guised gratitude the temporal blessings assured to every law-abiding citizen under that glori-ous flag of ours, which is the synonym of that genuine and plenary liberty attainable nowhere else on this planet. Nevertheless, as a citizen neither the holder of, nor aspirant to any office, State or Federal, I am happy and contented in the role of a private individual, neither invited nor aspir-ing to, a participation in the control or manage-ment of public offices. Nor does my position as a recognized minister of the Christian reli-gion seem to call for, or warrant any such interference. I hold in such esteem the divine calling I so unworthily represent that I would never, during my long life, avail myself of the right to register my vote for one or other political party; nor am I ever likely to do so, unless, in-deed, that the ghost of " Sam " Š defunct KnownothingismŠshould once more develop itself in A. P. A. ism or other kindred, dark-lantern conspiracy, as it did in the early fifties, only to be crushed to powder by the voice and votes of an indignant people, uncompro-misingly jealous of their liberty, religious as well as civil. It is not, then, with me a question of right, but one of expediency as to whether I could consent to mire my priestly robes in the turbid and foul waters of muddy politics. Hence, as a clergyman, I question the pro-priety or expediency of interfering, indirectly even, in the execution, or rather failure (if it prove so), on the part of officials to execute the Sunday laws, which are of a purely civil character. As representatives of Christianity, we occupy a very questionable, nay, highly mortifying position, viz : to be obliged to acknowledge that the moral power of the Christian religion is lamentably inad-equate to reform, measurably at least, the morals of its votaries without having re-course to the aid and interference of the civil law by imposing civil pains and penalties; thereby, publicly confessing the mortifying and shameful failure of Christianity to com-pass one of the chief ends of its institution and mission, viz : the culture of the moral law in the hearts of Christians. For the above reason, and others equally cogent (had I time to unfold them), I am reluctantly compelled to forego the pleasure which a meeting with my fellow citizens for discussion of the ques-tion named in the invitation would afford me. Deeply impressed with the above views, during a long life as citizen and clergyman, I regret that our views as to the object of the meeting do not harmonize. As a Catholic clergyman, I have ever been an earnest and steadfast advocate of Sunday observance; and I may say, too, without ego-tism, a life-long impersonation of total absti-nence, and whilst I sincerely regret the use of intoxicants, I never could consent to be in touch with those who, in their rank fanaticism, would rob man of that God-given freedom 2. Bishop Crim. Law, 3rd ed., 1004. 8  The State v. Cruikshank, 6 Blackf. 62. 