4111(111.111!11111111,00,i0 !if!r':'i'liiiiiiiin; TI Ł -4.ŁŁŁ0Ł.' Ł Equal and exact justice to all rriert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jeferson. VOLIME 5. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 27, 1890. NUMBER 47. The American Sentinel. PTIDL/SDED WEEKLY, BY TEE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NRW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. THE Union Signal notes the fact that " the closing work of the Woman's Tem-perance Alliance (non-partisan) was to vote dawn, after thorough discussion, a resolution, in favor of Sunday closing of the Columbian Exposition, upon the.ground that it had nothing to do with temper-ance." And the Woman's Temperance Alliance ,did just right. THE Burlington Hawk-Eye was not far wrong, as to the purpose of the National Reformers, when it placed over one of the Sabbath COnvention reports, in large head-lines, these words : " The Fourth Com-mandment:;! A Series of Conventions to SecUre its Observance. " We are con-vinced," says another Iowa paper, in com-menting upon this, " that this ' Sabbath-rest movement originated in a fanatical, religious zeal, and that its success will depend upon the continous manifestation of such a spirit. Force is the method sought to he employed. The persuasive elements of the gospel have no place in such schemes." And this is the truth. MR. CRAFTS says :Š When it is asserted that the movement to se-cure a law of Congress against Sunday work in Government service is really an effort of ecclesias-tics to unite Church and State, I am accustomed to hold up some-of the petitions that have been smut-ted by the hands of the toilers as they have signed them while at their work. Well, when Mr. Crafts denies that the movement which he represents is prima-rily, and indeed almost wholly, a religious one, we are accustomed to quote his own  words : when asked if the needed physical rest could not be secured without any reference to religion, his answer was, " Take the religion out and you take the rest out." And so we say, Take the relig-ious motive out of Mr. Crafts's work and there would not be energy enough left to move a thistle-down. The Civil Sunday. AT the National Reform Convention held in Washington City last spring, Judge M. B. Hagans, of Cincinnati, gave a long address upon the " civil Sabbath." The first half of it was devoted to a historic parallel which he finds between the time of Nehemiah and our own. And of the time of Nehemiah, he says :Š Both Jews and Gentiles were guilty of performing  what the American statutes on this subject denom-inate common labor on the Sabbath, and were clearly violating the command of God which subjected the Jews, at least, to the severest penalties and direst judgment. But, says Mr. Hagans :Š Nehemiah was not troubled with the modern con-trivances of police courts, grand juries, witnesses and jury trials, and I may add lawyers, in enforcing his authority as both mayor and chief of police, so to speak, in Jerusalem. Indeed he was not. The form of gov-ernment under which Nehemiah acted was a theocracy. It was a government of God and the laws were the laws of God. Nehe-miah was only the representative of God, and needed not to be troubled with the modern contrivances which Judge Hagans mentions. After showing the summary effects of the triumphant result of Nehe-miah's action; it seemed to dawn upon the mind of Mr. Hagans that his example was proving too much both for the " civil Sab-bath" and for all systems of government; consequently he attempted to apologize after this sort :Š Now, r am not here to commend or approve such proceedings against our modern violators of Sab-bath laws, except in so far as they may find author-ity in the statutes of several States of this Union. Under our institutions the wielding of such sum-mary power would be highly dangerous, indeed im- possible and wrong to the last degree. But, oh, that we had mayors with the resolution and back-bone of Nehemiah! Well, if under our institutions the wield-ing of such summary power would be dan-gerous, and impossible, and wrong to the last degree, what in the world does he want with mayors, with the resolution and back-bone of Nehemiah, who he says was both mayor and chief of police ? Suppose they had in Cincinnati such a mayor as Nehe-miah, what could that mayor do so long as he was "troubled" with "the modern con-trivances " of police courts, grand juries, witnesses, jury trials, and lawyers? What then would become of his resolution and backbone ? And if Nehemiah had been troubled with these contrivances would it have been possible for his resolution and backbone to accomplish the summary re-sult which Judge Hagans applauds? The Judge's apology is as bad as the presentation of the example for which he found it necessary to apologize. The trouble is that he endeavored to fit two things together which are absolutely incongruous. The example of Nehemiah never can be cited as a precedent on any subject under any form of government but a theocracy, and when it is cited as an example in any instance in the United States, it can be so only upon the theory that the government of the cities or States of the Union and the Union itself should be a theocracy, and should dispense with such " modern con-trivances " as police courts, grand juries, witnesses, jury trials, and lawyers. In other words, dispense with the modern con-trivance of government by the people. This also shows the utter impossibility of advocating Sunday laws upon any other than a religious basis. A theocracy is essentially a religious government. Sab-bath laws belong only with a theocracy. Sunday laws being advocated upon a theory that Sunday is the Sabbath, likewise are inseparable from a theocratical theory of government. In such a theory Sunday laws originatedŠwith such a theory they belong, and every argument in behalf of Sunday laws is, in the nature of the case, 