THE, AMERICAN SENTINEL. 107 Religion and the Church. WREN so much is said pro and con about a union of Church and State, it is fitting that we know exactly what is , meant by "the Church." Many people erroneously suppose that the term refers to Some par-ticular, denOmination, as the Methodist, Baptist, or Presbyterian. But this is not the case. To use the term in that sense would be =manifestly unfair. If, in speak-ing of ." the Church," we should refer to to some special denomination, we would thereby imply that no other denomination could be a part of "the Church." With the exception, of the Catholic, nobody uses the term " the Church" with reference to any particular sect. In the ,Bible "the Church ": is declared to be the body of Christ. , In one place Paul says of tChrist that "he is the head of the body, the Church" (Col. 1: 18) ; and again he says that God "hath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head over all things to the Church, which is his body" (Eph. 1: 22, 23). Bap-tism is universally recognized as the en-trance to the Church, as Paul says, " By one. Spirit are we all baptized into one body," and that this body is Christ, is shown by the words, "As many of you as'  have,, been baptized into Christ have put on Christ." " The Church," then, in the strict sense of the word, is composed of those who are "in Christ," who have been converted, "born again," and are consequently "new creatures." From this it is very evident that,: strictly speaking, no one religious sect, nor all of them together, can be called " the Church:" Everybody is willing to admit- that in every denomination there are those who are really members of "the Church," because they are united to Christ; but nobody will claim that all of any de-nomination are truly Christian. Since we cannot always distinguish the true professor from the false one, it is evi-dent-that the extent of the Church is known only to him -'who can read the heart ; but it. is not convenient always to make this fine distinction in our conversation, neither is it possible; and therefore we speak of all who profess the religion of Jesus as mem-bers of his. Church. Thus we assume, since we cannot decide, that each individual's profession is an honest one. Now mark this fact : the religion of Jesus, or the profession of that religion, is the distinguishing characteristic of the Church. It is that which makes the. Church, and without that there is no Church. With this matter clearly in mind, we are prepared, to decide for ourselves whether or not the Religious Amendment party is in favor of a union of Church and State. And this dedision shall be" made from the published statements of that party. In the New York Convention of the National Reform Association, held in 1873, Dr. Jon-athan Edwards,' of Peoria, Ill., said It is just possible that _the ,Outcry against Church and State may spring rather from hatredto;revealed religion than from an intelligent patriotism. But where is the sign, the omen, of such Church and State mischief coming upon us? Who will begin and who will finish this union of Church and State? If you think the Roman Catholic can do it in spite of the watchfulness of the Protestant, or that one Protestant sect can do it amid the jealousy of all other sects, or that all these sects would combine to effect a joint union with the State, you have a notion of human nature and of church nature different from what I have. Church and State in union, then, are forever impossible here; and, were it never so easy, we all repudiate it on principle. There are enduring and ever valid reasons against it. But religion and State is another thing. That is possible. That is a good thing ; and that is what we aim to make a feature in our institutions. . Exactly; and right here do we see the omen of a union of Church and State. We do not expect that in this country the Catholic Church will be the.State Church, nor that any one of the Protestant sect will be honored by an alliance with the State. Neither do we look for all the sects to Combine and sink their individualnames and thus form a union With the State. But -e do look for a desperate effort to unite Church and State ; and we claim that this effort will be made by the so-called Na-tional Reform party. And further, we claim that Dr. Edwards has admitted, even while denying it, that such union is the avowed object of that party. We leave it to the candid reader if the short argument at the beginning of this article, defining "the Church," taken in connection with Dr. Edwards' positive declaration, does not prove that a union of Church and State is the grand object sought by the Amend-mentists. "But," says one, "do you not teach that a man should carry his religion into his business? Why, then; should you object to religion in the State ?" We do believe that if a man has religion he should man-ifest it in his business transactions as well as in church ; 'but if he has it not, we would not have him simulato it. So likewise we believe in religion among individuals ev-erywhere, for only individuals can be re-ligious. No man, can be religious for another, neither can one man-or- any num-ber of men make any man religious. And therefore we are not in favor of upholding religion by the laws of the State. Perhaps it may be made a little plainer that religion in the. States  is Church and State united. We say that the possession of true religion marks one as a real. Chris-tian,--a member of the Church of. Christ. The association together of a body of peo-ple professing religion constitutes, out-wardly at least, a branch of the Church of Christ. And so, likewise, the profession of religion by the State constitutes a State church. This is all the union of Church and State that has ever existed. And when such a union shall .have been effected, what will be the result ? Just_ this . re-ligion and patriotism will be identical., No matter how pure some of the principles upheld by the laws may be, they can have  no vitalizing, spiritual effect on the hearts of the people, because they will stand on the same level as the law defining who are eligible to office, and regulating the length of the presidential term. In short, the in-corporation of religion into the laws of the State, marks the decline of religion in the hearts of the people. And this is what the Religious Amendment party is pledged to bring about. Ought not all lovers of pure Christianity to enter a hearty and continued protest against such a proceeding ? E. J. W. The Wisconsin Decision. THE Mail and Express of this city.has a good deal to say against the Wisconsin Supreme Court decision excluding the Bible from the public schools of that State, but it has not given any good reason why the Protestant version of the Scriptures should be read rather than the Catholic version, nor why the Christian Scriptures should have a place in schools supported by the State, to the exclusion of the sacred books of other religions. How would those who insist upon the reading of the Bible in the public schools enjoy living in a Mormon community, and have a Mormon school-board and ar Mormon teacher make the reading of the "Book of Mormon" or the "Book of Doctrines and Covenants" a part of each day's programme of school work ? They would have just the same right to do it that Protestants have to compel the chil-dren of Catholic parents to listen to the reading of the Bible as translated by au-thority of King James. But it will probably be said that the Protestant Scriptures ought to be read in the schools because they are the word of God. But that is only to say that the State has the right, not only to decide what is the word of God, but to require everybody to acquiesce in that decision. The position is utterly untenable, in the light of the history of the past. The State, being com-posed of individuals of many and varied beliefs, must of necessity leave religion and religious teaching entirely alone. A Chris-tian majority has no more right to force the Bible upon the infidel minority than an infidel majority would have to force the "Age of Reason" upon a Christian minor-ity. And we marvel that all Christians cannot see that in insisting upon the right of the State to give any kind of religious instruction whatever, they are placing themselves in a position where, were the majority to change, they would by their own course be estopped from denying the right of infidels, Mormons, or Ronaanists, to teach their religion in the schools where they have the .necessary number: of votes to sustain such. a course. The man who concedes the right of the State to dictate to the individual in matters of religion, simply confesses that he is ready to sur-render his conscientious convictions should the Government command him so to do. C. P. BOLL1VIA N. 