HE above is the heading of chapter one of a new and very important book by Miss Rosa Young, entitled STORY PITCAIRN ISLAND, Miss YOUNG, although a native daughter of Pitcairn Island, wields a facile pen, and tells with all the ease and grace of those whose opportunities for education have been better than hers, a most interesting and truthful story of Pitcairn, the far-away "Gem of the Pacific." Beginning with the account of the mutiny on board the Bounty, she relates the story of the arrival at Pitcairn, de-scribes the experiences of the survivors, tells of the removal to Norfolk Island and the return to Pitcairn again, describes the wreck of the Cornwallis, and of the Oregon, gives an account of the various missionary efforts put forth by different denominations in behalf of the Pitcairners, and finally the arrival of the missionary ship Pitcairn and the conversion of the islanders to a new and unpopular religion. The book is embellished with i8 FULL-PACE HALF-TONE ENGRAVINGS made from original photographs, and contains 256 pages. In addition to its being a reliable history of Pitcairn Island, this book will certainly prove a valuable acquisition to the mis-sionary literature of the day. PRICE, ONE DOLLAR, POSTPAID. Neat vellum cloth binding, embossed in black and gold. Persons who can canvass their own neighborhood before the holidays, please write for terms to agents. Address, Pacific Press Publishing Co., Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. New York City, N. Y. The Graphic Atlas 75 cents. 1-1 I 13 L  S Ł.Ł I Ł H ° L Ł li] AND Gazetteer of the World. With over 220 Maps, Charts, Plans of Cities, etc., All revised to the present date. ŠALSOŠ GAZETTEER with nearly 55,000 PLACES and RESULTS of NEW CENSUS. By J. C. BARTHOLOMEW, F.R.Q.S., F.R.S.E. Quarto (size, 10% x 83 inches), half morocco, gilt top. PUBLISHER'S PRICE, - $7. 50 OUR PRICE, Post-paid, - $3.75 Throughout the Atlas the countries of the world have been treated with fullness in proportion to their commercial importance and interest. In the United States section a separate Map is given of each of the States and Territories. The Canadian Provinces are treated in similar detail. These Maps have been specially compiled from the latest and best Government Survey Maps, and have undergone local revision for the verification of New Counties, Townships and Railways. Among the special f.,atures aro Maps of the Hudson and Rhine Rivers, the Yosemito Valley, United States Rail-ways, British Isles Railways, mean Annual Temperature, mean Annual Rainfall; also Maps showing environs of New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston, San Francisco, New Orleans, Montreal, Quebec, Toronto, Ottawa, Rio Janeiro, London, Liverpool, Manchester, Moville, Paris, Vienna, Rome, Constantinople, Cape Town, Jerusalem, etc., etc. The GAZETTEER of the WORLD is a valuable feature for such a book of reference. It contains entries for about 55,000 places, is compiled from the latest authorities, and is specially complete in American names. The results of the New Census have been incorporated. For compactness and portability this volume is, in proportion to its ample contents, quite unique among Atlases. ADDRESS PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. " Before He Is Twenty," ' Š0R--- " Five Perplexing Phases of the Boy Question," IS A VERY HELPFUL BOOK FOR PARENTS. Jr is divided into five chapters, as many different writers, each treating of a particular phase of a boy's life. The first chapter, "THE BOY AND His FATHER," by Robert J. Bur-dette, is alone worth many times the price of the book to any father of a young boy. The other chapters, " WHEN HE DECIDES, " THE BOY IN THE OFFICE," " HIS EVENINGS AND AMUSEMENTS," and "LOOKING TOWARD A WIFE," are all important and helpful. 104 pages, bound.:in cloth, embossed in jet and gold, price, PACIFIC PRESS, 4'3 BOND STREET, New York City. A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK. ŠooŠ Send for Catalogue to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Kamm City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. For the best HAND RAG CARPET LOOM AND WEAVERS' NEWSPAPER IN THE WORLD, Address, EUREKA LOOM CO., 3077 W. Main St., Battle Creek, Mich., for circular & copy JANTTARY 3, 1895. A_INIMLI CAIN' iEN 7 Sabbath outrages the Bible. Now, not one person in every twenty throughout the world, and not one in every three throughout this country, regards the Bible as a divinely inspired volume. Person-ally, we so regard it, and we would like to bring all others to our way of thinking, but we deny our own, or any other per-son's, right to force that belief upon any one. . . . The State has no right to suppress on Sunday that which it claims no right to suppress on any other day of the week.ŠDenver American, Dec. 8, 1894. The School Question in England. THE school question is destined to bring on such a religio -political fight as has not been known in England for long years. The Roman Catholic Bishop of Middles-brough, in a recent speech, intimated that if Catholics did not soon succeed in secur-ing for their schools a share in the public rates, they would " make a stand and refuse to pay the unjust rates." A cor- respondent of the Catholic Times, com-menting on this utterance, says :Š I venture to express the hope that their lordships will forthwith see their way to send an ultimatum to Parliament, giving notice that if, after a reasonable interval of stipulated time (say six or twelve months), Catholics are left without some assurance that their claim to the rates will be considered, they will be advised in the various dioceses to refuse to pay the school board levy, and to throw the onus of the result-ing wholesale prosecution on the local authorities. Another priest goes still further, and says, " We Catholics must be ready, if need be, to part with our lives." He says-that in the event of their demands not being granted, " resistance to blood and death would be the order of the day." Not to be behind in the fray, the editor of the Methodist Times writes a stirring article, entitled, " Nonconformists ! Close Your Ranks," in which he says:Š Ana what are we to do ? Not to waste our time in useless laments, but to prepare at once; and with all our might, for the next pitched battle. The Church of England has now declared hergelf the warm friend of Rome and the implacable enemy of evangelistic nonconformity. She has made her choice, and we have made ours. She talks about Laud, and we will remember .Oliver Cromwell. When the friends of freedom and pure Christianity were united in their earlier encounters with Charles and Laud, Oliver Cromwell did not waste his time in unworthy lamen-tations, but he quietly organized his Ironsides, who ultimately crushed tyranny and clericalism. We, too, must quietly organize. As between the two there is nothing to choose. While they look to Laud and Cromwell, we must look to Christ, " who, when he was reviled, reviled not again; when he suffered,-  he threatened not." He is theŁo-nly example of pure Christianity. " The wrath of man worketh not the righteousness of God."ŠPresent Truth (London), Dec. 6. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE, A DICTIONARY, And Alphabetical Index TO THE BIBLE. Cloth Binding, - - $1.25. With "Sentinel," Š 1.90. ŠADDRESSŠ PACLFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 