OCTOBER 25, 1894.  IF1,1NT  IL INIELI. 333  but in religion altogether, and they return home, saying, ' There is no God.' So, while these people pray that they may be healed, I pray that they may not become atheists." Thus spoke my friend, the young priest. Then I said to him: " Why, then, do you remain in a church which holds such things ?" " Well," he said, rather embarrassed, "we are not bound to believe or to teach that the virgin has appeared here. The bishop of this diocese has made an inquiry which he has found satisfactory, and so the pilgrimage has been permitted; but as long as the holy see has not pronounced, we may or may not agree with the bishop in this case. It is not a matter of faith.' " And how can I respect a, church which is thus double-sided ?Ša church which gives the enlightened freedom to reject the superstitions which she lays upon the poor people, and manages thus to keep in her fold, in apparent unity, men like Montalembert, Father Gratry, and others Šspiritual, true Christian men, who would have scorned to believe in such childish thingsŠand Bernadette Soubirous, the shepherdess to whom the virgin appeared?" " Well, the poor people cannot under-stand the sublime doctrine of the gospel without some materialization of it!" " Is that so ? Did ever Jesus Christ stoop to forge false miracles to satisfy the common people ? " My friend did not answer, but before I left him I tried to show him the beauty of the gospel simplicity and artlessness. We parted, both deeply moved; and I dare to hope that a good work was begun in his soul. In these times of infidelity, the tempta-tion for evangelical Christians who do not sufficiently know Rome is to accept a kind of compromise with her; to look upon her as one of the forms of true religion; one of the things which, on the whole, make for purity and godliness. This temptation is a most dangerous one. We are fully aware that there are Roman Catholic dig-nitaries who evince a great love for souls and for God; we do not judge them; we hope they are sincere; we leave them to God and their own consciences. But, as a system, popery is the masterpiece of hell. It is a wonderful adaptation of paganism to Christianity; sensual in her worship, loose in her ethics, crafty and grasping in her politicsŠsuch is the Church of Rome. Her tendency everywhere has been to de-grade and pollute mankind. Like the magician Circe, who changed Ulysses' companions into swine, Rome changes the noble aspirations of the human souls into selfish, base, and corrupted desires. She wrecks the virtue of young men and young women who come to her for protec-tion; desecrates the home, enslaves the mind, darkens the soul. Do not judge Rome on that which she allows you to see of her in Protestant, enlightened coun-tries; go to Portugal, go to Spain, to Italy, to Corsica, wherever she is uncontrolled by a dissenting religion. Yes, Rome is "the harlot which causes the nations to sin, the mother of the abominations of the earth." But how shall we oppose her growing `power ? I am fully convinced by my experience as a missionary for twenty years among my own people, that it will not be by clumsy imitations of her gorgeous display, but rather by a return to the primitive simplicity of worship manifested in the  upper room. To worship God in spirit and in truth, and not in beautiful temples, the cost of which would support two or three missionaries for a whole lifetime; to invite, and not to exclude, the poor, the sinner, the outcasts, who now find it so difficult, even if they would, to sit in our refined places of worshipŠsuch seems to me the imperative duty put upon us if we do not wish to see the masses go to Rome, which to them appears so much more democratic than ourselves. I have also a deep conviction that it is only through the BibleŠas the Reformers didŠthat we shall withstand popery. Anything, however pious in tone, that helps to destroy the people's faith in the Bible as an infallible book, works on be-half of Rome. I have no time to dilate on this point, but I beg the readers to reflect on it. It is to me the vital question, and I do not see any other alternative but this : the Bible or the pope. Finally, let us preach Christ, his free forgiveness, his atoning blood. Ethical, political, or social preachingŠ" sermons for the times," as they are sometimes termedŠwill not prevent the drift of the masses toward the old system. But the upholding of the CrucifiedŠI have seen it, thank God, hundreds of timesŠwill al-ways prove the power of God unto salva-tion. Rome has many weaponsŠmoney, genius, traditions, beauty of forms. It appeals to the lower nature of man, dis-penses with the necessity of a second birth, renders sin easy. It deifies mankind, as all heathen religions do. It must, there-fore, have a great measure of success, as it corresponds so marvellously to man's natural cowardice and depravation. But if we are faithful to the Bible and to the Crucified, we need not fear defeat; all true Nathanaels, all the sincere and noble hearts who are seeking a real Saviour, will come out of Rome to meet us. The true sheep know the Shepherd's voice, and, hearing it, follow it. Alexander Campbell Against the Na- tional Reform Association and the American Sabbath Union. [In 1820 there was organized in West Middletown, Washington Co., Pa., a society, called the West Mid-dletown Moral Society. The principal object of the society was to enforce the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, which is still on the statute books of the State. This Moral Society was organized by the United Presbyterians, the same people who, later in 1863, organized the National Reform Association. Alex-ander Campbell, the founder of the Christian or Dis-ciple Church, ably opposed the society in a series of articles published in the Reporter, of Washington, county seat of Washington County. His articles were signed " Candidus." A United Presbyterian minister, by the name of Wylie, attempted to defend the society, and signed himself "Timothy." The discussion con-tinued from April 17, 1820, the date of Mr. Campbell's first article, to February 22, 1822, during which time almost every phase of the compulsory Sunday law question was treated. As a result the Moral Society perished, not to appear again until 1863 when it was revived by the same denomination under the name, National Reform Association. Every word of Mr. Campbell's invincible logic and withering denuncia-tion is applicable to the association, resuscitated under the name, National Reform Association, and kindred organizations, such as the American Sabbath Union, the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, etc.] THE appointment of civil government, and of the- church, are divine institutions, and intended for the good of mankind; the one to promote his temporal, the other his eternal good. The one to minister to his fleshly comforts, the other to advance his spiritual interests. They both em-anate from the same fountain of authority, and were dictated from the same princi- ples of philanthropy. They are, however, as distinct as soul and body,* and should be considered as distinct in their nature, properties and operations. The office of the civil magistrate has existed in all countries, with and without an established religion. Savage nations, Mohammedans, pagans and Christians, have their civil magistrates, and amongst all such the office is a divine ordinance. Where there is and where there is not a church, the ordinance is the same. In Rome the con-stituted governor and magistracy, though heathen, and persecuting Christianity, was called, in Paul's time, even when a Nero and a Domitian sat on the throne, " an ordinance of God," by that spirit that can denominate nothing wrong. Yes, in the New Testament the heathen mag-istrates are called " God's ministers," and he that resisteth them is said " not to resist man but God." Yes, the civil mag-istrate in all nations upon earth is ap-pointed of God, " to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil" to his neighbor, and to be a terror to evil-doers, and a praise to them that do well. For this purpose, he bears the sword of power, and is in-vested with authority. He is in the same record which denominates him a minister of God, to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil, prohibited from using his au-thority, which is always compulsory, in anything pertaining to spiritual concerns. For this purpose the sword of power is never to be unsheathed. It was once wielded for this purpose even in the pres-ence of the Founder of Christianity, but it was returned to its scabbard, with these memorable and instructive words: " All that take the sword shall perish with the sword." That is, not to defend the State, but to support the church. He also said, who is the author of Christian faith, that if his kingdom were of a worldly nature, his servants would use violence in support of his cause. But such was not its nature. My creed, on this subject, is the follow-ing, viz.: that as the civil magistracy is in all nations alike, the appointment or ordinance of God, whether they are pa-gans, Mohammedans, or Christians, it is never to be employed in support of any religion whatsoever; nor are civil rulers on any account whatsoever to use any of that authority which they have received for and from the State, in support of Christianity, nor ever directly or indi-rectly to use compulsion in anything per-taining to religion; but they are to use all their authority in keeping good order in society, or in preserving the public peace, the life, liberty, reputation, and property of the citizens of the State. Those who differ from me on this topic, I request to consider three things:- 1st. That if the magistrate in the United States, for instance, proceed officially to support or defend the religion of this country; the Turkish, Japanese, Spanish, Chinese, or any other magistrate has the same power and right (being equally a divine institution there as here to accom-plish the moral government of the world) to defend and support the religion of their respective countries. 2nd. That swords, cannons, guns, pow-der, lead, prisons, gold, silver, or bank notes, can not make the conscience bend, renew the soul, spiritually illumine the human mind, or give a new moral sense. That racks, gibbets, wheels, whips, nor * We appreciate Mr. Campbell's illustration as unfortunate, thought, but regard his 