'111014  11,11ilier,  Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.-7-homas eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 26, 1891. NUMBER 9. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. I3OLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. DESPOTS may regard their subjects as their property, and usurp the divine pre-rogative of prescribing their religious faith, but the history of the world furnishes the melancholy demonstration that the dispo-sition of one man to coerce the religious homage of another, springs from an un-chastened ambition, rather than from a sincere devotion to any religion. The principles of Ł our Government do not rec-ognize in the majority any authority over the minority, except in matters which re-gard the conduct,of one man to his fellow man.ŠCol. Richard M. Johnson,. Ł OAKLAND, California, is somewhat agi-tated over the question of religious services in the public schools. The immediate oc-casion of this agitation is the action of one of the teachers in requiring pupils "to bow their heads over clasped hands and repeat the Lord's prayer and the psalms." The School Law of California, as found in the Political Code, Article X, Section 1672, reads as follows :Š No publication of a sectarian, partisan, or denom-inational character must be used or distributed in any school, or be made a part of any school library, nor must any sectarian or denominational doctrine be taught therein. The State law does not in so many words forbid all religious instruction, but it makes no provision for it, and is generally regard6d as forbidding it. The " Rules and Regulations of the Board of Education, of the City of Oak- land," says :7-- No sectarian or denominational publication, of any kind whatever, shall be used in the schools, or  be made a part of any school library; nor shall any denominational or sectarian doctrines be inculcated, or present party politics be discussed by teachers on the premises. Certainly as between Jews and Chris-tians the use of the Lord's prayer would be sectarian, and as between Protestants and Catholics the use of the Scriptures would likewise be sectarian, for it is evi-dent the Catholic or the Protestant version must be used, and offense must, therefore, be given to one party or the other. For the sake not only of justice to the tax-payers, but for the sake of the respect due the Bible, it is to be hoped that this question will be settled in California as it has been in Wisconsin. Ł 4,-.  The Present Standing of the Sunday-Law Movement. IN number four, of his contributions to the Sunday-law- question-, Mr. Crafts fur-nishes some more valuable items to the literature and the facts of this question. The article is an inquiry,Š" What about Sunday Trains, Sunday Mails, and Sunday Newspapers ?" and in the article he makes thiS confession :Š - About all we have gained in the last five years in our fight with Sunday trains, Sunday mails, and Sunday newspapers, is in the way of confession to their wrongness. How general this confession is, he does not tell us, but whether it be limited or general, such -a confession is vastly more of a gain than the Sunday-law cause is entitled to, not only in five years, but in all time, because such things are, not wrong. There' is no more wrongness in Sunday trains, Sunday mails, and Sunday news-papers, than in trains, mails, and news-papers at any other time, and a confession of any such wrongness is, in itself wrong. As to the value of the indorsements in that great petition which he calls, ".the greatest petition the world ever saw," he bears important testimony as follows-:Š It is not to be supposed that all those represented [in the petition] have acted accordingly. The Brotherhood Of Locomotive Engineers, for instance, indorsed the petition at the International Conven- tion in Richmond, and then went home on a Sunday train. The recent International Sabbath-school Convention, at Pittsburg, spoke strongly against Sabbath breaking, but many of its members arrived on Sunday trains. And the italics are all nis own; they are worthily placed too. This simply shows that the indorsement, even where it is genuine, of those organizations and asso-ciations, is merely for the purpose of main-taining popularity with those who are demanding religious -legislation and offer-ing political influence, without a particle of principle in it. It also conclusively shows that when the Sunday laws which they demand shall have been secured, they will not be obeyed even by those who have made them and profess to believe them; and that the only use that will ever be made of them, will be for those who have the power to vent their religious spite and bigotry upon those, who choose to differ with them in regard to the observance of a day of rest. That is the only use that is now made of Sunday laws where they are of force. It is the only use that will be made of the Sunday laws at are further demanded. And this is the answer to that statement which is so often made when this subject is spoken of, " Pshaw ! there is no danger in all that; even though they get a Sunday law, it will not be obeyed." That is true, and THE SENTINEL, in all its work, has never supposed that the Sunday laws which are demanded will be obeyed when they are secured. But such laws will put power into the hands of the religious Sun-day-law leaders, and that power will be used in enforcing the laws upon the few people who choose to observe another day rather than Sunday, and refuse to observe Sunday. We repeat, that is the only use that is made of Sunday laws now, and the only use that ever will be made of them. But that is the worst possible use, be-cause it is simply to prostitute the civil power to the place of a tool in the hands of the irregular passions of religious bigots. For as Bancroft has justly observed, " the humane ever shrink from enforcing the 