AMERICAN SENTINEL. Ł 509 IT would have been honorable in Spain to have granted relief to the oppressed Cubans before they were driven to the point of open rebellion. It would have been honorable to her if she had entered into any ar-rangement with the United States for the maintenance of a proper government on the island, under which the people might have lived in security and prosperity. But in her own view, all this had nothing to do with honor. The essential point of "honor" with Spain was to display the utmost possible tenacity in maintaining an unjust, unreasonable and utterly hopeless attitude toward her colonies and the Government of the United States. Her "honor" consisted in not giving up anything until she was compelled by force to do so. This is "national honor" with Spain, and it is not altogether unlike "na-tional honor" elsewhere. But true honor is revealed not through politics, but through Christianity. A CONGRESSMAN from New Hampshire, Mr. Cyrus Sul-loway, is reported as having said in reply to the question whether the United States ought to hold the Philippines: "Hold them? Of course we should hold them! It would be cowardly to desert them now simply to satisfy a few weak-pulsed Americans who say we cannot handle them. We Anglos can fight with a Bible in one hand and a rifle in the other. Where he cannot convert, he shoots." OF course, the only idea in carrying "a Bible in one hand and a rifle in the other" would be to shoot wher-ever it was found not possible to convert. That is the principle of procedure that must be followed by a "Chris-tian nation"Šforce joined with religion. Force with re-ligion means compulsion wherever there cannot be per-suasion. And this is a very old principleŠone that has been often tried with the object of benefitting mankind. One can see that if this principle should be fully carried out, the whole world would ere long be "converted," be-cause all the people who had refused to be converted would be dead. When Spain first came to the Western World, several centuries ago, she carried the symbol of religion in one hand and the sword in the other; and the unfortunate natives had their choice between "conver-sion" and death. And now, when Spain is being driven out, the victorious party who congratulate themselves on being rid of a barbarous neighbor propose to put in practice the barbarous principle which has done most to make Spain what she is. "THE Bible in one hand and a sword in the other" does not make an effective fighting outfit. The Bible is the Word of God, and the Word of God is the "sword of the Spirit." The two swords cannot work in partnership. If the sword of steel is to be carried, the "sword of the Spirit" might as well be dropped. The sword alone is more effective against the enemy than the sword and the Bible combined. THE real antagonism between these two weapons may be seen from the fact that the purpose of the sword is to kill, while the purpose of the Bible is to save. Being thus opposite in purpose, when joined together the one only antagonizes and neutralizes the other. The sword has, of course, its legitimate field in the divine economy for this world, being the conservator of civil peace, and borne by the civil ruler "not in vain." But this is altogether outside the sphere of religion. "What a Way to Spend Sunday!" THE reason why the Spanish Admiral Cervera was defeated off Santiago in the engagement with the Ameri-can fleet, according to The Observer (New York), is given in the following quotation from that journal:Š "The fact that Admiral Cervera deliberately selected the hour when the crews of the American ships Were at religious service for his dash out of Santiago harbor on that now historic Sabbath morning may in the provi-dence of God have had more to do with his overthrow than most people have yet imagined. The morning was calm and peaceful, bringing its tender reminiscent reflec-tions to hundreds of worshipful American hearts on the fleet at anchor off shore, when suddenly, as though to disturb the Almighty at his own devotions, the impious Spaniards, fired while also fuddled with wine, rushed forth, as it proved, horribly to die or finally to be cap-tured. What a way to spend Sunday! And when the sun set that Sabbath its last reproachful beams slanted across the smoking hulks of the fleet of the proud Span-iard who deliberately broke up religious meetings in the hope of gaining a strategic success. But the stars in their courses fought against Cervera. God is not mocked, nor can his commandments and sacred sanctions ever be im-pugned with safety." According to this evangelical authority, then, it is all right to fight on Sunday, provided you do not strike the first blow. You may even compel the fighting, by forcing your adversary into a corner, and still be guilt-less. Nor is it necessary that your Sunday fighting be in self-defense; it may be only to prevent your enemy from escaping, and still be right. God will excuse you from religious devotions any time if it is for the pur-pose of fighting, only you must not fire the first shot. Is this an exalted, or a low, conception of Christian prin-ciples? Let Ł us alter the statement a little. The "impious Spaniards" rushed forth to disturb the sanctity of the day of rest, and the American sailors at once rushed to their gunS, prepared to make the disturbance as complete as possible, and then occupied themselves with all their energies in destroying the property and lives of their en-emies, killing and maiming hundreds of their fellow-beings made in the image of the One whom they were assembled to worship. "What a way to spend Sunday!" Was it really a better way than that chosen by the Spaniards? 