THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 723 coming to the time when the " conscience of the people," the "voice of the majority," will decide for the individual what are the requirements of the law of God; not questions of political economy and national prosperity in secular affairs as heretofore, but 'questions of religion, in which an individual is bound by conscience toward God. This is the Na-tional Reform scheme which that party has long been seeking to have realized in the nation. To this false and ruinous ideal of civil government we are now hastening. s. # ## THE WISCONSIN SUNDAY REST DAY ASSOCIA- TION. THE tenth annual convention of the Wisconsin Sunday Rest Day Association was held in Sheboy-gan, Wis., November 15 and i6. The president, Perry Millard, D.D., pre'sided. The several meetings held in two of the largest churches and in the largest hall in the city were well attended by an excellent class of earnest Christian people. The first meeting was held in the German Re-formed church, and the first address and a portion of the devotional exercises were in the German language. The address in German was by Rev. H. C. Nott, pastor of the German Reformed church of Milwau-kee. His subject was "Der bue_rgertithe Sontag and persoenlicke Freikeit," or " The Civil Sunday and Per-sonal Liberty." Evidently Mr. Nott was deeply impressed with the importance of his subject, and with the danger the American people are in of allowing liberty to degenerate into license. Mr. Nott seemed to entertain not even the shadow of a doubt as to the divine authority for Sunday. To him the. " day when' my Lord arose " and the day " blest at creation's close " are one and the same, and he plead eloquently for'the preserva-tion of Sunday as a day of worship, taking substan-tially the same position ,as Rev. Joseph Cook, of 'Boston, that " the Sabbath [Sunday] can not be long maintained as a day of rest unless it is maintained as a day of worship." The argument is an admis-sion that the Sabbath is essentially a religious. insti-tution, dependent for its very existence upon its re-ligious features. Therefore to ask the state to maintain the Sabbath is to ask it to maintain relig-lous,worship, for the latter is absolutely essential Łto the: former. Mr. Nott was at times eloquent; and again,' as he reviewed the desecration of, the day he holds sacred, his tone became pathetic. "It seems to me," he said; " that the sun shines brighter upon Sunday than on other days; and all nature unites in thanks-giving and praise to the Creator." One thing, however, Mr. Nott forgot to tell his audience, namely, that while it is true that sin, en-slaves, and that in righteousness only is there liberty, let the people once admitŠthe 'principle become establishedthat the state may for any reason under-take to maintain religion, and personal liberty be-comes only a memory. The Word of God teaches and all history testifies that religion, to be pure and uplifting, must be preserved separate from the civil,  power. The union of the two is corrupting, and' in the Scriptures is called adultery. The Epidemic of Crime." The second address of the evening was by Rev. Judson Titsworth, of Milwaukee, and was in English. Mr. Titsworth's complete subject as assigned to him by the committee of arrangements was, "The Epi= demic of Crime the Nation's Peril." The speaker found fault with ,this phrasing of the subject, and spent not less than fifteen minutes in'  showing that " there is no epidemic of crime," an,d that the subject should have been described as "The Spirit. of Lawlessness the Nation's Peril." In Mr. Titsworth's opinion the world is rapidly growing better. This he 'sought to prove, not by statistics, but by glittering generalities and personal reminiscences. Forty years ago, he said, drinking was very common among ministers of the gospel. *His own pastorate was separated by two pastorates from that of a highly esteemed' old minister who habitually returned from his' pastoral visitation., " not a little, but a good deal the worse for Ł flap,'" a mixed drink common only two generations ago. But drinking is now practically unknown among ministers, and while still too common, in polite so-ciety drunkenness is everywhere disreputable. But while loOking upon the bright side of things, and cherishing as a sacred thing the belief that the world is growing better, Mi-.TitsWorth declared that there is a growing spirit of lawlessness which does constitute a menace to the nation. This lawless spirit is manifest in the failure and even refusal of civil officers to enforce the laws they are sworn to administer. Holding up theŁSunday law of Wiscon-sin;  he said: 