228 .A.IMEMEL][CA _N" SMIWIF1[NMIL.4., Vol,. 9. No. 29. the day of rest for the nation. They may hold any other day of the week as sacred, and observe it; but that day which is the one day in seven for the nation at large, let that not be publicly desecrated by any one, by officer in the Government, or by private citizen, high or low, rich or poor."  With this compare Rev. 13: 16: " And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand or in their foreheads." The civil power in this nation will be exerted to the utmost to cause all to rec-ognize the Sunday; but there will be a few who will refuse to worship the beast or his image, or to receive his mark. Compare the following scriptures, and then "choose you this day whom ye will serve: "Š" And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indig-nation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb." Rev. 14 : 9, 10. "And I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire : and them that had gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, having the harps of God." Rev. 15: 2. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. Ł As He Is, So Are We in This World. THE commandment is a lamp and the law is light. Prov. 6: 23. Christ was the true light. John 1: 9. His life was the light of menŠthat is, the light or law that was in his heart (Ps. 40: 8) was manifested through his life. Now our Saviour says to us, he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life (John 8 : 12), or the law in our hearts. How is this ? Love is the fulfilling of the law. Rom. 13: 10. Love cannot fail to render entire obedience just as far as the law is under-stood. But the natural, carnal mind is enmity against God, for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. Rom. 8 : 7. In order to keep God's holy, just and good law, the carnal heart must be changed; right here we begin to realize our helplessness, for when we would do good evil is present with us, and we cry out : 0 wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from this body of death ? With Paul, it is our blessed privilege to thank God for victory through our Lord Jesus Christ. Rom. 7 :12, 21, 24, 25. He it is who says to us, Then will I sprinkle clean water upon you, and ye shall be clean : from all your filthiness and all your idols will I cleanse you. A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you : and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I will give you a heart of flesh. And I will put my spirit within you, and cause you to walk in my statutes, and ye shall keep my judgments (laws), and do them. Eze. 36:25-27. The love of God is then shed abroad, in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given us. Rom. 5 : 5. The Lord puts his laws into our minds and writes them in ,our hearts. Hob. 8 : 10. And the love which is in our hearts makes the law a ,great delight, we exclaim with David : Ł `Oh, how love I thy law ! " Does the Lord do all this without our cooperation ? Oh no; by grace are ye saved through faith. Eph. 2: 8. The grace, unmerited favor, of God, does the work; but our faith first sees and accepts his promise to do it. We shall receive no more than our faith grasps. Having been sanctified by the very God of peace, he preserves us blameless, actually keeping his whole law unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. 1 Thess. 5: 23. This is true Christian libertyŠfreedom from sin. If we do the will of God we have the precious privilege of committing the keeping of our souls to him in well-doing (that is, keeping his royal law), as unto a faithful Creator. 1 Peter 4 : 19. Peter does not call him merely a Preserver; God creates the souls of those who trust him in well-doing, more and more into his own divine image. M. E. STEWARD. In the Midst of Alarms. JUST now we are beset with a host of alarming manifestations, in our own pop-ulation. Through a variety of causes a condition of our industrial forces has been superinduced, which threatens to convert a peaceful army of bread-winners, scattered through our cities and hamlets, into an army of maddened and persistent petitioners congregated at the nation's capitol, whose demand must be patiently considered, or blood will flow as the conse-quence. From nearly every point of the compass an industrial army with increas-ing force, is marching upon Washington, intent upon demanding that the Govern-ment shall do something to furnish em-ployment to the now unemployed thou-sands of the land. Will these men content themselves with peacefully petitioning the Government authorities, or will they resort to violence ? Herein is the alarm-ing feature of the case. Anarchists keep Europe in a continual state of alarm, especially the republic of France, and break out in deeds of violence occasionally here, to remind us of their presence. Another source of anxiety to us now is the wide-spread strikes prevailing in our land. The Great Northern, and the miners' strike, as well as the threatened street car strike, not only throw vast numbers of men out of employment who, together with those dependent upon them, greatly need their earnings, but promise to breed greater mischief in the future, as the feeling of bitterness they engender becomes more intense..  In the midst of these alarms, nothing so becomes us as American citizens, as loyalty to the Government. It must be upheld at all hazards. There must be no compromise with open violence or rebel-lion. But the right of all to petition for redress of supposed grievances must be kept intact. We should know no differ-ence between the poor laborer who comes any way he can come from. west or east to petition the Government concerning his supposed wrongs, and the millionaire who comes in his sumptuous private car, to lobby with congressmen or the officers of the general Government respecting some scheme from which he hopes to realize a few million dollars. If one is received and listened to, the other should be and must be. The critical character of the approach-ing crisis is now becoming apparent to all. The press that treated Coxey's Army as a huge joke, now takes on a tone of serious  contemplation of an event which nearly all acknowledge may become a turning point in the nation's history. It is well that it should be soberly treated. It de-mands the most careful consideration and the most careful manipulation.ŠThe In-dependent Patriot. State Aid to Religion. IT is a matter which must cause sorrow and shame to every true Protestant that the Protestantism of to-day is going back on the noble stand made by the reformers in the sixteenth century, which gave birth to Protestantism itself. The protest of those noble men at the Diet of Spires in 1529 contained the very essence of Protes-tantism, and gave to the reformed church its name. But this protest was a disavowal of the theory that the State should have super-vision of religion or anything to do with religion. They said, " In matters of con-science, the majority [the State] has no power." And this is yet true Protestant principle. But it is a matter of deep regret to see many of those churches which claim to be Protestant repudiating this principle, and advocating the enforce-ment of certain religious customs, such as Sunday observance, by law; the teaching of religion by the State, and the appropri-ation of government funds to religious and sectarian purposes. This is a virtual repudiation of Protestantism, and the adoption of the papal theory bodily. True Protestantism is not simply a protesting against the Romish Church having anything to say about govern- mental affairs or receiving governmental aid, but at the same time attempting to dictate to the government, and doing all in its power to receive State aid itself. No : this is not genuine Protestantism in any sense of the word, but simply another papacy under another name. True Prot-estantism repudiates the principle of any Church and State union whatever, irre-spective of what government or what church it may be. It says that the con- sciences of men are above the State, and that the religion of Jesus Christ is not in need of State aid. To say that there should be no con-nection between the Romish Church and the State, but that Protestantism should be the favored religion, is not a repudi-ation of Church and State union. It is simply to argue that the State should decide between the various religions in the world as to which is true and false, and champion the one selected as the true. But this is simply the idea of the bigot, and not of the man who esteems the religion he professes as too sacred to become connected with the State, or to be submitted to any such test in determining whether it be the genuine or not. It is the same style of reasoning that Macaulay refers to in his essay on " Sir James Mackintosh." He says:Š The doctrine which, from the very first origin of religious dissensions, has been held by all bigots of all sects, when condensed into a few words, and stripped of rhetorical disguise, is simply this: I am in the right, and you are in the wrong. When you are the stronger, you ought to tolerate me; for it is your duty to tolerate truth. But when I am the stronger, I shall persecute you; for it is my duty to persecute error. But the doctrine of the reformer is that the State is ordained for the government and protection of all the people, irrespective of their attitude toward religion; and that all religions should stand upon an equal 