28 AIM:MEM' CAN SIE,N vol.. 10.. No. 4. cept patironage from the State, never fails to secular-ize the spirit and to corrupt the purity of the Church. The civil authorities have no right to enforce or de-mand any form of faith, any manner of worship, nor yet to establish by law or compel the observance of a Sabbath, or any religious institution. It has no right to force conformity, or to punish dissent. Bap-tists to-day are loyal to their traditions through all the past. What they have demanded, labored for, mid suffered to secure, is not toleration, but liberty; liberty in all concerns of conscience and of faith. The enactment of civil laws for the control or the curtailment of religious liberty, or for ths infliction of civil penalties for non-conformity and the exercise of religious liberty, is wrong, unjust, contrary to the spirit of the gospel and to the genius of Christianity. It is also in conflict with the spirit of the age, and that more intelligent and beneficent civilization which Christianity has developed. We respectfully submit this consistent Baptist utterance to those Baptist papers which are defending the prosecution of seventh-day observers for refusing to oh-serve the State Sabbath, and which are criticising the Examiner for denouncing these persecutions. Catholic Claims vs. Facts. IN the " Teachers' State Convention," of Nebraska, held at Lincoln, Dec. 26-28, 1894, " Father" William Murphy, of Tecumseh, delivered an address on the subject : " Is it true that the Public Schools fail to teach Morality ? " During the dis-course he said that man must have some object held out to him according to divine law, and that moral acts are those volun-tarily proceeding from internal principles. He concluded by saying:Š As regards the grand and majestic church to which I belong, which, like the sun in its daily course through the heavens, illuminates the world, and which has been the handmaid of civilization for nineteen centuries, I know that she would not pull down a single stone from the grand edifice of our public school, but rather would she add other stones, aye, other stories to it, until it rose above the clouds into that bright and ever serene sky, illumined by the light of the world. The truthfulness of this, like many other claims made by the papacy, is to be questioned. Can it be truthfully said of this " grand and majestic church " (the Roman Catholic Church) to which Father Murphy belongs, that it " illuminates the world " ? Is it a fact that it "has been the handmaid of civilization for nineteen centuries " ? If we rely upon the records of the history of this church, we will be compelled to answer, No! To illuminate is to enlighten. But do we find anything in history which would lead us to conclude that the Catholic Church enlightened the world, or even a part of it? No; but on the contrary, she used all the power given her by the prince of darkness to cast a gloom over the world and all who dwelt therein. And so com-pletely did she succeed in this work, that the years during which she bore rule, are called the " Dark Ages." And so earn-estly was she engaged in this workŠkeep-ing the people in darknessŠthat she burned the Bible and many who dared read it. The reason for her bitter hatred of the Bible and its readers is obvious, for the entrance of the Word giveth light. It shone so brightly upon, and revealed so clearly, her wicked works that she used every available means to destroy it; and finally when the light of the Reformation began to shine from the open Bible, she used all her satanic power to extinguish it. They " loved darkness ratherŁ than light, because their deeds were evil." Again : do we find any account in history where the papacy was " the handmaid [sertant or helper] of civilization " ? Did she work for it4 4dvaucement at any time,  much less for nineteen centuries ? Again we are compelled to answer, No! Take, for example, the case of Clovis, king of the Franks. Clotilda, his wife, who " was educated" in the Catholic faith, pleaded with him for his conversion, but allŁ in vain until A. D. 496, when en-gaged in a_ hard battle, he vowed that if he should gain the victory, he would be a Catholic. The victory was won; but after the danger was over, he was not so sure that he wanted to be a Catholic after all. He consulted his soldiers as to whether they would follow him, and they declared their willingness to accept the Catholic faith. Upon this he said he was convinced of the truthfulness of the religion, and on. Christmas day, A. D. 496, he was bap-tized. In this rite he was followed by three thousand of his warriors. " The bishop of Vienna prophesied that the faith of Clovis would insure the vic-tory of the Catholic religion. If unscru-pulous ambition, undaunted valor and enterprise, and desolating warfare, had been legitimate means for the propagation of pure Christianity, it could not have found a better champion than Clovis."ŠAfilman.' Nevertheless, as illegitimate and unlaw-ful as were these methods, they were used by this " converted " barbarian for the spread of the Catholic religion. " His ambitious reign was a perpetual violation of moral and Christian duties : his hands were stained with blood in peace as well as in war; and as soon as Clovis had dis-missed a synod of the Gallican Church, he calmly assassinated all the princes of the Merovingian race."ŠGibbon.' Nor was he alone in this savagery, but was upheld by that "handmaid of civilization" Šthe Roman Catholic Church. Burgundy was the first country to be invaded. But before war actually began, the Catholic party advised a conference to be held. between themselves and the Burgundians (the Arians) as they were prepared to prove them in error. To this proposal the king of Burgundy replied: " If you really profess the Christian re-ligion, why do you not restrain the king of the Franks ? Ł He has declared war against me, and forms alliances with my enemies for my destruction. A san-guinary and covetous mind is not the symptom of a sincere conversion : let him show his faith by his works."ŠGibbon.' To this, Avistus, bishop of Vienna, an-swered : " We are ignorant of the Motives and intentions of the king of the Franks; but we are taught by Scripture that the kingdoms which abandon the divine law are frequently subverted; and that ene-mies will arise on every side against those who have made God their enemy. Re-turn, with thy people, to the law of God, and he will give peace and security to thy dominions."ŠGibbon.' War followed, and the domains of the Bargundians were subjected to the rule of Clovis. The Visigoths were the next victims of the cruel and rapacious Clovis. He said: "It grieves me to see that the Arians still possess the fairest portions of Gaul. Let us march against them with the aid of God, and, having vanquished the heretics, we will possess and divide their fertile provinces."Š Gibbon.' War was declared, and " the Visigothic. kingdom was wasted "History of Latin Christianity," bank iii, chap. 2, par. 28. 2  "Decline and Fall," chap. xxxviii, par. 6. par. 8, Id., ear. 11, and subdued by the remorseless sword of the Franks."ŠGibbon. All this, Gregory, bishop of Tours,, commended as the will of God, declaring; of Clovis that " God thus daily prostrated his enemies under his hands and enlarged his kingdom, because he walked before. him with an upright heart, and did that, which was well pleasing in his sight." Thus was the church made partaker in the bloody work of Clovis, by approving it, and it is certain that the clergy were no better than the objects of their praise..  " Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them [margin, con-sent with them.] that do them." Rom. 1: 32. The papal church consented with Clovis in the fullest sense of the word, by being the prime mover in these bloody enterprises. It is evident that the church was entirely responsible for the course pursued by Clovis; and it is yet more evident that the work of the church was only to make him the more savage. This was not true in the case of Clovis alone, but with all with whom the papacy had any influence. Then, in the face of all this testimony, Father Murphy publicly declares that the Roman Catholic Church " illuminates the world," and " has been the handmaid of civilization for nineteen centuries." Gladly would they have these testimonies blotted from the pages of history, but they stand there in distinct characters, declar-ing her to be that which God's Word said she would beŠ" The mystery of iniquity." And the importance of investigating these claims is obvious when we consider the boast made by this churchŠthat "what she has done for other countries, she will do for the United States." Notwithstanding the papacy, the light of the glorious gospel of Jesus Christ does illuminate the world; and civilization has made progress and been preserved for nineteen centuries in spite of its "hand-maid," and not because of it. H. F. KETRING. Ł 4.-4  Satolli on Education. AT a reception recently tendered Mon-signor Satolli in this city, the pope's delegate presented a paper on education. The following are quotations from the published address :Š Education of the young is as i aportant a safeguard of the nation as are courts and armies. It is of great moment, then, that we should understand in -what true education must consist. In what does this educational safeguard consist ? Let the delegate reply :Š The young should be educated botiflin mind and. heart, according to the constitution of the State, ac-cording to the great principles of morality and accord-ing to a true religious spirit. But what are the "great principles of morality," and in what does the true religious spirit" consist ? Here it is will add that it is well that young men should have from their earliest days, a just idea of what the pope is, how lofty his dignity, how great his authority, how, beneficial his actions. His dignity and his power come directly from Christ, and the exercise of this power can only be for the benefit, religious and social, intellectual and moral, temporal and eternal, of humanity. It therefore follows that the safeguard of the United States lies in teaching the 6  Id., par. 12, 