480 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, AUGUST 3, 1899. THE serious situation growing out of the relations between England and the Transvaal, in South Africa, still continues. THE accounts printed in this issue, of the trial of two seventh-day Christians for Sunday breaking in Mississippi, should not be taken as casting discredit upon the people in that State. On the contrary, the fact that a jury of the people, on both occasions, promptly brought in a verdict upholding the right of worship according to the dictates of conscience, against a statute which stood upon the State books, reflects creditably upon the people of Missis-sippi as being lovers of justice and religious freedom. A few, from prej-udice, bigotry, or a wrong apprehen-sion of duty, sought to crush out an opposing religious faith by force; but such individuals are to be found in every community, and we may hope that even these will realize and acknoWledge their mistake. "RELimous liberty does not in-"elude the right to introduce and carry out every scheme or purpose which persons see fit to claim as part of their religious system." So says the superior court of Pennsyl-vania in a decision lately rendered against the Salvation Army, on ap-peal from the lower court. Joseph Garabad, an "army" offi-cer, had been arrested and fined for beating a drum to the disturbance of the peace. Assuming that there was really a disturbance of the peace, and not merely of some per-son's feelings on the subject of reli-gion, the decision of the court was a proper one. Religious liberty is out-raged when it is made a cloak for that which constitutes a real inva- sion of rights. Christianity is a scrupulous respecter of natural rights, and does not ask favors from any government. When the privi-lege of invading any person's rights is asked in the name of religion, it is proof of the evil character of that religion. If one right can be prop-erly denied an individual in the name of religion, any other or all of his rights can be denied with equal pro-priety, and the inquisition would be fully justified. A special issue of the American Sentinel next week! This will be prepared espec-ially for use in educating the people in the general principles underlying the right of relig-ious freedom. Recent develop-ments in the South have sug-gested the need of such a special SENTINEL, but it will be equally good for any field where the people need educating in this line. Friends of religious lib-erty, let us hear from you, North as well as South. Send in your orders for this special missionary SENTINEL. Price as usual, $1.00 per hun-dred. THE president of Santo Domingo having been assassinated, the United States has dispatched warships to that country to preserve the rights of American citizens in case of riot or revolution, and the rights of the United States against any foreign power under the Monroe doctrine. It is believed that one at least of the great powers of Europe will bear watching on this point. THE "creed" of the noted agnostic, Ingersoll, which was read at his fu-neral, contained many beautiful principles, such as only a beautiful and noble life could exemplify; but the beautiful creed did not prove  that there had been a corresponding beautiful life, for the life is not proved by the creed, but the creed by the life. With any individual, the question is not what he professes to believe, but what does he practise. It is by the life that the real belief is shown. The life, therefore, is the real creed, and any written creed is superfluous and misleading. The real Christian creed is expressed only by life,Šthe life of Christ in the believer. That creed is as broad and as long as the life of God. THE constitutions of all the States, in harmony with the spirit of the national Constitution, contain guar-anties of respect for the right of free-dom in religious belief and practise. And when the Sunday statutes are disregardedŠwhich for the most part are only relics of church-and-state timesŠthis is not to show defiance of law and disregard of the right, but that such statutes are them-selves outlaws, because they violate the provisions of the State constitu-tions. Sunday legislation is relig-ious legislation, and all such legisla-tion is unconstitutional. So FAR in the present month, says the N. Y. Sun of July 22, the rainfall at Manila has been over forty-two inches. This is about eight times as much rain as fell in New York during the whole month of May of last year, which was an exceptionally wet May.  here. The streets of Manila are "navigated" in boats. This wet sea-son continues almost half -of the year; and this is the country, with its millions of half-civilized people, for which the United States is payŁ ing an infinite price in blood and treasure. AN exchange says that "according to a reliable authority, for every missionary landed in Africa, there are landed 10,000 casks of rum, 10,-000 casks of gin, and fifteen tons of gunpowder." This represents part of the "benefit" of modern civiliza-tion to the savage. 