MAY 8, 1894. ANIELUICAN ig0 priety of his claims to divine right rests with each individual. There is no differ-ence in principle between the assertion of divine right to rule by a pope, a king, or a congress. The Statesman properly denies the divine right of the pope or of kings, and declares that doctrine to be contrary to the theory of Protestantism and destructive of human liberty. In saying this the Statesman is expressing a truth. But in denying the propriety of the claim of the pope and refusing to ac-knowledge the divine right of kings, the Statesman leaves no foundation whatever for the doctrines which are the sole reason for its existence. If there is no divine right of kings and they cannot speak as by the mouth of God, neither can con-gresses or legislatures voice the commands of. God, interpret his word, and enforce formal obedience to their interpretation of his laws. If this is so, there is no further reason for the publication of the Christian Statesman. The truth is, that all enforcement of religion by law is papal in its character. It is impossible to uphold the legal en-forcement of religion without logically upholding the papacy. It is impossible to antagonize the papacy without logically antagonizing all coalition of religion with the State, and opposing every religious statute and ordinance. W. H. M. Shall We Obey the Laws of the Land? SHOULD we obey all laws of the Gov-ernment implicitly without questioning their rightfulness ? Every civil law that does not conflict with God's law should be obeyed. When a State or nation enjoins through its laws a religious duty, whether that duty be scriptural or anti-scriptural, it is not to be regarded one whit more because en-acted by civil authority. Any man that obeys a religious law because enforced by the Government, pays undue homage to the law-enacting authorities. Any reli-gious duty commanded by God through the Scriptures is paramount to all 'other commands and ought to be so treated by every man. When this is done direct honor is paid to God; the individual is connected with him by faith, and accept-able obedience rendered. The Bible does not command one thing, which, if obeyed to the fullest extent, would be the least infringement upon any one's rights. Civil authority, then, has no just claim for prohibiting the full exercise of any religious duty enjoined by the Scriptures. Now the sacred Word imperatively commands, under pain of eternal death, the observance of the seventh day of the week. The same com-mand also enjoins that we labor upon the first day of the week. If this is obeyed it cannot possibly be an infringement upon the rights of any, provided the seventh-day observer does his work upon the first day as commanded by God. A law that interferes with a man's convictions re-spectinub  the observance or non-observance of any day is an unrighteous law, and no man is under any obligations to respect or obey it in any way. No government can reward its subjects forŁ outward Sabbath observance, neither has it any right to punish them for disregarding the day. Those who have been so clamorous for Sunday observance, when confronted with the definite seventh day, have repeatedly .said that all God required was a seventh part of the time, leaving the individual to choose the day to be observed. But whenever the Sunday law has been en- forced this seventh part of the time theory has not stood the test. In Georgia, Ten-nessee, and Maryland men who conscien- tiously rested upon the seventh day were arrested and committed to prison for quietly laboring on their own premises on Sunday. They had observed one-seventh part of the time, and the very seventh part that God sanctified and commanded to be observed. But this would not do. They were told that the seventh day peo-ple could keep the Sabbath if they chose, but they must not work on Sunday. Thus a two-sevenths part of the time theory was brought into practice, and required of those who keep the Sabbath of the Lord; one-seventh to satisfy the conscience of the Sabbath observer, and one-seventh to satisfy the conscience of his Sunday-keep-ing neighbor. How unjust! How these indefinite time observers stultify them-selves when their theory is reduced to practice. The day is declared to be in-definite when commanded by God's law, but made definite when commanded by man's law. What an insult to the God of heaven ! But Rom. 31 : 1, " Let every soul be subject to the higher powers . . . the powers that be are ordained of God," is urged to prove that all governmental laws, whether civil or religious, should be obeyed. Let us see if this has always worked well. All will admit that Christ the Creator of all things ordained the powers that be; and yet it is plainly re-corded in Acts 4: 26 that the powers that he ordained stood up against him. The passage reads, " The kings of the earth stood up, and the rulers were gathered together against the Lord, and against his Christ." Were the governments of earth acting within the sphere that God ordained them to act when they stood up against him ? or had they overreached the limits of their governmental jurisdic-tion ? It is very evident that they sur-passed their limit. That governments ordained of God have frequently overreached their proper limits can easily be demonstrated from both his-tory and the Scriptures. For want of space but one instance will be cited and that from the Bible. It is found in the book of Acts. It appears that Peter and John had healed a cripple in the name of Jesus of Nazareth, which caused great ex-citement among the rulers, etc. The magistrates were influenced by the minis-ters of those times to apprehend and im-prison the apostles. When brought be-fore the civil authorities (the power or-dained of God) they received the following command, " And they called them and commanded them not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus." Acts 4 : 18. Peter and John paid no attention to this command of the magistrates, but continued to speak and heal in a much more power-ful manner. With rage the civil author-ties remanded them to prison, determined that their mandate to speak no more in Jesus' name should be obeyed. But God was determined that it should not be. He sent his angel to instruct the apostles not to obey the magistrates. " But the angel of the Lord by night opened the prison doors, and brought them forth, and said, Go, stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life." Acts 5 : 19, 20. Civil government told them not to speak, God told them to speak.  " We ought to obey God rather than men," said Peter, and so they did. The above citation is sufficient to show that when any government enacts laws contrary to the Word of God, that it is not only the privilege of the people to disobey, but it is the duty of all to disobey. What God's Word requires of one man is required of every man. God instituted the seventh-day Sabbath in Eden, enjoined it from Sinai with a voice that shook the earth, and it was reiterated by Christ in his sermon on the mount, when he in-dorsed the law commanding the day, in the words, " Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled." Matt. 5 : 18. Now when State or national govern-ment enacts a law that we shall observe Sunday, the very day God began his work of creation and commands us to labor thereon, should we obey God or men ? Would it not be following apostolic ex-ample to preach and teach against such a usurpation of divine privilege upon the part of any civil government ? There is - no reason why all Sunday laws which are so diametrically opposed to divine com-mand should not be treated the same as Peter and John treated the decree of the magistrates not to speak or teach in the name of JesusŠopenly disregard them. By disobeying all laws which conflict with the law of God, we make ourselves subject to the higher powersŠthe Government of heaven. E. HILLIARD. A Peculiar Agreement. THE following unique document is printed in the Scot Valley News, published at Fort Jones, California:Š Agreement. To BE PLACED IN THE HANDS OF A. B. OARLOCK, FORT JONES, CALIFORNIA. We, the undersigned, firms and individuals, doing business in the towns of Fort Jones, Etna, Callahans, and the adjoining towns of Scott Valley, appreciating the fact that one day's rest should be accorded in each week to every one, and that the custom of doing busi-ness on Sunday is one that is far behind the times and should be abolished; that the closing of our respective places of business on Sundays will not be any detri-ment to our patrons or ourselves, have hereby entered into the following agreement, to wit: 1st. To not sell any goods on Sundays after Sunday, May 13, 1894, except in case of sickness, death, acci-dent, or some unforeseen circumstance, when it would become an actual necessity, or a case of urgency, where it would be inflicting a wrong to refuse. 2nd. That if the above agreement is broken by either of the parties whose names are hereto attached, said party or parties agree to pay into the hands of A. B. Oarlock, Fort Jones, the sum of one hundred dollars as a fine or per alty for such violation of this agree-ment; the party accused of such violation to have, if requested by him, a hearing before three of the parties whose names are subscribe to this instrumentŠone from each of the three above-mentioned towns, to be appointed by Mr. A. B. Oarlock, said hearing to be held in the town where the accused does business, at a time to be agreed on between the accused and the committee appe'nted for said hearing; the decision of this committee to be final and binding on the accused party. 3rd. That any party to this agreement can cancel his connection thereto by notifying every party to same in writing or by publication in the Yreka Journal, said cancellation not to take effect less than - thirty clays after date of said written notice or publi-cation. The violation of said agreement before the expiration of the said thirty days to be subject to pen-alty or fine as above described. 4th. This agreement to be in force from the 13th day of May, or the term of one year. 5th. That all parties signing this agreement shall immediately after signing same give proper notice to their patrons and the public that this agreement has been entered into. fith. That at any time during the term of this agree-ment above stated (one year), if two-thirds of the firms or individuals signing this article agree at a meeting to be called at two weeks' notice in writing from any 