AMERICAN SENTINEL. 393 when propelled by gunpowder. This danger is oVercome in the dynamite gun by using compressed air in the place of gunpowder as the propelling force. The projectiles are filled with gun cotton or nitro-gelatine, the latter being a more powerful explosive than dynamite. The guns of the "Vesuvius" can throw two hundred pounds of this high explosive a distance of several miles; and no vessel afloat would be able to survive even a single blow struck by such a power. There are some of these guns in the forts at the entrance of New York harbor, and some at the entrance of San Francisco harbor. As an experiment one of the latter was used recently to throw a projectile filled with this high explosive across the Golden Gate a distance of one mile, into some rocky hills on the oppo-site side; the result being that a hole was blown in the solid rock where the projectile struck, thirty feet deep and sixty-five feet in diameter. THAT we have reached a time in the history of the world when such appalling agencies of destruction are being discovered and eagerly sought for by the govern-ments of the earth for military uses, is a very significant fact. The use of such things in warfare cannot but have a most baneful effect upon the minds of those who be-come familiar with them. Human life has been held cheaply enough in the past, even in the most "civilized" warfare; but with the use of these new agencies, it is only to be expected that it will soon come to be held more cheaply than ever. And when human life is held cheaply there is not likely to be a very stable condition of peace. Futility of Arbitration to Avert War. IN making note of the "fourth annual Mohonk Con- ference on International Arbitration," recently held at Lake Mohonk, the New York Sun makes the following comments upon the idea of a coming era of general peace through the establishment of the arbitrational method of settling national disputes:Š "It is a queer time for plans of international arbitra-tion. The war between the United States and Spain is a striking evidence of the futility of international arbitra-tion, except in comparatively picayune matters or where one of two nations at controversy is really willing to yield to the other. When the feelings of eithernation are strongly stirred, as the feelings of Americans were by the long misrule of the Spaniards in Cuba and by the destruc-tion of the "Maine," the talk of arbitration is prepos-terous. . . . "It may be taken for granted that so long as a ma-jority of the American people retain their common sense they will not submit any really important matter to ar-bitration. If any vital interest of the United States is menaced seriously, it must be protected by the strong hand. There is no other sure way of protecting it. A claim of right cannot be sacrificed to the chances of arbi-tration, which at the best is a mere lottery. "Judge Rufus B: Cowing, of this city, told the Mohonkers, perhaps with some ironical intention, that `altruism' was needed to 'secure arbitration and the de-thronement of our armies and navies.' Precisely. But what would an altruistic nation be? A nation ready to prefer the interests of some other nation to its own. In other words, a fool nation. A country conducted on the altruistic plan would soon be driven to the wall. "In view of the fact that arbitration is a hopeless humbug in the case of many strikes of workmen, the at-tempt to apply to the nations of the world a principle that is frequently a failure when appled to a bakery or shoe shop or any other small concern is amusing. Do the Mohonkers want an International Board of Arbitra-tion that will vie in usefulness with that illustrious court, the New York Board of Mediation and Arbitration? "Until national patriotism dies, and is supplanted by a feeling of international solidarity, or whatever our Socialist philosophers call it, international arbitration, save in the matter of unregarded trifles, must remain a foppery and a toy. The reasonably distinguished and generally amiable gentlemen who aired their views of ar-bitration at Lake Mohonk might, with as much practical effect upon the policy of nations, have discussed the ques-tion, 'Do the inhabitants of Mars shave?' " CONGRESSMAN Elijah Morse, who has been prominent in connection with recent efforts to "put God in the Con-stitution," died at his home in Canton, Mass., June 5. " War About A Bucket." Co. 12, Nat. Mil. Home, Ohio, June 11th, 1898. EDITOR OF AMERICAN SENTINEL:ŠAs a subscriber to and reader of your paper, please permit me to make a small complaint. On p. 363, you quote from The Orien-tal Watchman an article, "War About a Bucket"Š"a long and bloody war"Šwhile in your comments there-upon you do not so much as mention to your readers another "War About a Bucket" quite as notorious and 'promising to be as bloody as that of A. D. 1005. Your paper is not lacking in comments elsewhere upon the "Bucket War" to which allusion is here made; but the subject was made so very apropos by your excerpt from the Watchman, that a more extended comparison might have been reasonably expected. The writer does not wish to burden your columns with what is flooding our daily papers (or would be but for military censorship); therefore will only add that according to a Spanish Lexicon owned by the writer, the Spanish word "Cuba" is defined as meaning "Bucket." Very Respectfully Yours, ALLEN M. BLANCHARD. SENATOR LODGE has introduced a resolution in Con-gress calling for an investigation of the charges which have been made concerning the disposal of the $288,000 appropriation recently gained from the national treasury by the Southern Methodist Church. 