348 A 101101Et CA.ST S..E.NTITINUOTA. VoL. 9, No. 44. pant. Good order and good laws are ex-cellent things, and let his right hand lose its cunning who opposeth either. But this is not the first time that good words have been misapplied or that " good words and fair speeches have deceived the hearts of the simple." In good old Scotland, it is "good order and law" for the majority to appoint certain fast days in the year, and in all large cities any man, whether Turk, Jew or atheist, who should open his store or transact any worldly business on such fast days, is liable to pay ten shil-lings and sixpence sterling for every such offense. In the native land of Columbus, a few months since, it was "good order and law" for one great "moral associa-tion" to commit to the dungeon of tor-ture, every man that whispered anything against the divine right of Ferdinand the Pious or against the infallibility of his holiness, the pope. And in the State, once the land of good old William Penn, " it is good order and law," to stop a man upon the State road and either send him to prison or fine him for travelling on the first day of the week. Now, he that op-poseth, by word or deed, any of the above " good order and law," in any of the aforesaid countries, is an enemy to good order and law, just like me; and he that defends the Inquisition in Spain, the es-tablishment in Scotland, and the moral association in Pennsylvania, is a friend of good order and law, just, like Mr. Tim-othy. . . . After Mr. T. has ruminated very copi-ously on these words,Š" That hundreds of men commit more sin by being com-pelled to refrain from the daily vocations of life on the Sabbath, than on any other day of the week," he is constrained to admit the fact. But to palliate this evil arising from compulsory religious obedi-ence (pardon the expression) he reasons (if I should so apply the term) in a strain somewhat new. His words are: " This is brought about by the effect which the execution of the law has upon the offender in stirring up and exasperating his evil passions. Hence Mr. C. says that the law is evil; Paul, who we think was a much better reasoner than Mr. C., draws a very different con-clusion in a parallel case. ' For sin taking occasion by the commandment,' etc." As the reasoning and not the style is the subject of investigation, I pass over its inaccuracy and remark that the cases are not parallel. The law Paul alluded to was a law regulating the mind. " Thou shalt not covet." But the law T. espouses is, Thou shalt take four dollars from thy neighbor who does not pay the same regard to one day that you pay. I would sup-pose that few men of Mr. T.'s opportuni-ties would call the law of '94, and " Thou shalt not covet " parallel laws; for the laws must be parallel before the cases can be parallel. Paul, I think, was a better reasoner than even Mr. T. " If," con-tinues he, "the law in question provokes the evil passions of bad men, we should think it an argument in its favor." Let us adopt Mr. T.'s plan of testing arguments, and apply it to the last obser-vation. If such bad men as Volney and Voltaire dislike the Inquisition, it was, according to Mr. T., an argument in its favor! ! But what, if the law alluded to, provokes the benevolence of good men ? What; then, Mr. T. ? Some of the most enlightened States have rejected bills to enact such laws, from a conviction that they would be anti-rational, anti-constitu- tional, and tyrannical. But they are all bad men, who oppose this law, and inas-much as this law is parallel to the tenth commandment of the Decalogue, it tests the passions of men; consequently, Tim-othy, who delights in it after the inward man, is a good, very good man, a saint; and Candidus, who dislikes it, is a vile sinner ! In the hard job of palliating this evil tendency of the law, Mr. T. asks the ques-tion : " Does the law command the wag-goner to get drunk and swear, while it forbids him to drive his wagon ? " Hand-some come-offŠI ask, does the law com-mand him to do anything ? Is not its import, do nothing P and according to the old logic, "He that is commanded to do nothing is commanded to sin." But what finishes the climax of Mr. T.'s criticism in this place is, that he compares the law of 1794 to laws imposing duties upon certain kinds of goods, which give occasion to false entries, smuggling, perjury, etc. " And," says he, " if this objection of C.'s was acted upon, it would put an end to legislation." In no part of Mr. T.'s numbers does he swagger more than in this place. Perhaps this was designed to conceal the sophistry. Let us analyze-  it. In the first place, false entries, smug-gling, and perjury, are not necessary, but accidental consequences attendant on the execution of revenue laws. Revenue laws may be executed a thousand times, and not any of these consequences ensue. But the law imposing a mock regard for, or compelling men to cease from their servile labor on the Sabbath, necessarily, is pro-ductive of evil; for it can not be executed in any one instance, but it must provoke the evil passions of bad men, it must in-crease the quantum of their guilt, while it can only change the quality of it. In a word, it can not be executed in any one instance, but more sin must be committed than if there was no such law. In the second place, there is no analogy betwixt the law of '94 and revenue laws. The latter are constitutional, the former, as I have before proved, is unconstitu-tional. Mr. T., in arguing from things as analogical, which are not analogical, either intentionally or unintentionally, acts the sophist. In the third place, by reasoning from laws regulating civil society in their tem-poral concerns, to the laws of God, re-specting his peculiar worship, T. places the obedience rendered to the law of '94, on the same footing with the obedience rendered to the revenue laws, and there-fore considers it purely civil; thus the violation of the law of '94 is the same as the violation of any other civil statute, and to be treated as such. And the law of God respecting his own worship, is converted into a law of the State, and the religious obedience which it requires, is converted into civil obedience and like to the obedience yielded to revenue laws! ! ! To illustrate and enforce the three pre-ceding items: Suppose that the law of Pennsylvania enjoined every unbaptized person eighteen years old to be baptized (and it has as good a right to do so as to pass a law concerning the Sabbath) on the penalty of four dollars. . . . Again, the administration sins against God, in having violated a commission from heaven, under the appearance of obeying a civil statute. And in the last place, the ordinance of sacred worship is converted into a civil institute, and the  obedience it receives is regulated by civil law as revenue of the State! The last sentence of Timothy, No. 1, is a "rara avis in terris." He says, " It is better for the community that the sacred aspect of the Sabbath be preserved, and that there should be some public and national proof that we are not an heathen people." What a glorious proof that we are not an heathen people! . . . Extraor-dinary proof that we are not an heathen peo-ple, that acts of devotion are to be prescribed and enforced by penal statutes! ! Tell it not in Burmah, publish it not in the vales of Hindostan,Šthat the only public and national proof of our Christianity is the mock and forced observance of one day in seven,Šlest the sons and daughters of the heathen triumph! lest they that offer themselves willing sacrifices to pagan idols rejoice! ! Those who cheerfully observe the first day to the Lord are, in so far as the law of '94 prevails, confounded with those whose obedience is constrained and sub-jected to the suspicion that perhaps their obedience is involuntary, which is to me another misfortune attendant on the prem-ise of the system of compulsion. Š Can-didus (Alexander Campbell), in Wash-ington ( Pa.) Reporter, April 16, 1821. Sunday and the Reformation.* THE following from a standard publica-tion of the Baptist Church, states clearly the position which that church has held from the days of Roger Williams, but which it violated in joining with other churches in petitioning Congress for a law closing the World's Fair on Sunday :Š The duty of the civil magistrate in regard to the observance of the Lord's day. Christ said (John 18: 86); " My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews; but now is my kingdom not from hence." Here Christ refuses to employ physical force. His kingdom is not of this world ; and civil laws and the force of the magistrate are not the means to promote its advancement. It is a kingdom of truth and love, because each man is a free moral agent under the government of God, he is accountable to God. This personal accountability to God carries with it the right of every man to decide for himself his religious belief and his worship. With these the State has no right to interfere. These rights of conscience are inalienable. For the protection of these, with other inalienable rights, States are organized, civil laws enforced, and magistrates elected. So far as religion is concerned, the sphere of the State is described in one wordŠPROTECTION. . . . However much we may deprecate the demoralizing tendencies of Sunday theaters and concerts, games and, excursions, and the sale of candies and fruits and newspapers on the Lord's day, still we ask for legal restraint upon such things only in so far as they may Ł directly interfere with public religious worship. As Christians, we ask of the State only protection in the exercise of our rights of conscience; and we will de-pend alone upon the truth of, God and the Spirit of God to secure the triumph of Christianity. With an open field and a fair fight, Christianity is more than a match for the world, because "the foolishness of God is wiser than men." 1 Cor. 1: 25. The almightiness of the Eternal God is in the cross. Hence Christ said : "And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me."--" The Lord's Day," pp. 29-41, by D. Read, LL. D.; American Baptist Publishing So-ciety, 1.420 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia. Many earnest appeals were made by Baptist ministers against the denomina-tion's leaving these principles and partici-pating in the Sunday-law crusade. The following from the pen of Rev. G. W. Ballenger, of Chicago, as published in the Daily Republican, of South Chicago, March 7 and 15, 1892, will furnish a sample of these courageous protests :Š Since I am left free to remain away from the Fair *Appendix 2, Revised edition of " Protestantism True and False; " No. 19, Religious Liberty Library. Price 4 cents. 