156 AMERICAN SENTINEL. and the lineZof true!policy, nor know how to do what it does know should be done; it cannot in a generation free itself from selfishness and greed. "If we embark upon empire we shall not dt) as well even as England does, and we shall suffer, and those we rule will suffer in consequence. But we shall learn and we shall at no:distant day do well." •-  IT is proposed to abolish polygamy in the United States by amendment to the national Constitution. The proposed amendment would be the sixteenth in number, and has beenlrecommended by the House Committee (of Congress) on the Election of President and Vice-Presi-dent, in the following form:Š "SEcTioN 1. Polygamy shall never exist within the United States or any place subject to their jurisdiction. "SECTION 2. Congress shall have power to make all needful laws to enforce this article and punish its viola-tion." AN advocate of Sunday observance has referred to the Sabbath as the pearl of days. Now, the pearl of days is a gem that man cannot attempt to improve, nor alter, without destroying its value. Other gems may be cut and polished and thus be made more beautiful, but the pearl must be taken as it is found if its value would be retained. How apt an illustration is this of the law of God, as a whole, or of the Sabbath as a part of that law! The Lord's Sabbath is the seventh day, and is indeed the Pearl of Days. As for Sunday it is no pearl at all. It is an imitation, and all the tinkering in the world can make it nothing more.ŠSouth African Sentinel. Save the Birds. A NATIONAL law is now assured which Will extend the authority of the Commission of Fish and Fisheries over "game birds and other wild birds useful for man." The rapidity with which birds have disappeared from the settled portions of the United States has been as unfortunate as it has been unnecessary. In some cases it has been due to the destruction of their coverts and food through the development of agriculture and the reclamation of marsh lands. Most reprehensible has been the destruction of birds in the interest of the cruel fashions which have prevailed in connection with ladies' hats. After having stripped our Atlantic coast, the whole of Florida and the Gulf coast of egrets, terns, and thousands of other birds acceptable to the milliners, the plume hunters are now at work along the coast of Mexico and Central America,  Lower California, and even upon the headwaters of the Orinoco and Amazon. Statistics show that the decrease of bird-life in thirty states and territories reaches a maximum of 77 per cent. in Rhode Island and a mini-mum of 10 per cent. in Nebraska, the average being 46 per cent.ŠSabbath Recorder. Human Automatons. "0, HARRY!" exclaimed Willie Hunter to his particu-lar friend whom he met on his way down town;" "have you been to see the automatons? come on; I'm going again, though I've been once." "Automatons? well, you've got me this time; never heard of such a thing; guess you'll have to tell me what you mean." "I never did, either, till this exhibition came along. Why, there are thirty or forty little bits of images that look just like the little men we read about last summer in 'Gulliver's Travels,' and they act like little men too, as well as look like them. Why, theyŠ" "They don't walk, do they?" interrupted Harry, while his bright blue eyes opened very wide. "Walk? I should say they did, and some of them dance; and 0 Harry! one little old man climbs up a lad-der and then climbs down again, andŠ" Harry was too excited by this time to listen to his friend's description any further, and he bounded away, shouting back at Willie:Š "I'm going to see if Uncle Frank knows about it. I think I'll coax him to take me to night." Uncle Frank was Harry's favorite uncle, because he always joined in his boyish plays, and told him stories of the time when he was a boy. So it came to pass that a very happy lad walked close by Uncle Frank's side that evening to see the wonderful sights at the exhibition. "Do see that little old woman, uncle, she is striking that funny old man with her umbrella; isn't it queer! I should think she would be tired by this time, she hasn't stopped a minute since I first noticed her." "No, Harry, she will not stop until the machinery runs down. She is made to do just that one thing, and she cannot stop. Do you see how naturally those little women pull the oars of that pretty boat? You see they are made to do it by some machinery which is hidden from our sight." Ł "See that tiny man stand on the other man's back. Why! he is moving his arms and legs. 0 Uncle Frank, there goes a little train of cars into that dark tunnel! Hark! we can hear them whistle down brakes!" That evening as they were walking home, Harry chattered continually about the wonderful things they had seen. 