" qual and Exact Justice to all Men, or Whatever state or Persuasion, Feligious or political." VOLUME,8. NEW YORK, APRIL 6, 1893. NUMBER 14. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEw YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS,CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  WILLIAM IA MC %EH. ECCLESIASTICISM is the human substi-tute for the divine government of the Church. The history of ecclesiasticism is the history of heresies and schisms, of persecution and intolerance, of the rack and the stake. It is a tale of the dun-geon, of blood, of fire, and the sword. It is a story of the satiated frenzy of human diabolism on the one side, and the patient suffering of the direst agonies of which the human frame and mind are capable, on the other. PAGANISM is the epitome of earthly and infernal evil as expressed through hu-manity. It is the religion of devil wor-ship, which has fed itself on human lives here that it may feast on eternal death hereafter. Paganism is a lie. It is false throughout. It is the worship of the father of lies. There is in it no founda-tion of truth, as there is in him no truth, for he is all falsehood and evil personi-fied, and his subjects are himself incar-nate. How then do paganism and ecclesias-ticism differ ? If it is true that everything shall bear fruit after its kind and that we may know them by their fruits, and the product of the one is similar to the prod-uct of the other, differing only in the degree of development, then we may justly draw the conclusion that both are from the same source, the fruits of the same spirit. ENVYING and strife, war and slaughter, the desire to conquer and to kill, and to take the conquered and his possessions as booty due the victor,Šthese are not the fruits of righteousnessŠfor the fruit of righteousness is peace, " sown in peace of them that make peace." That which counsels to such deeds is not the wisdom from above, for that is peaceable, gentle, and full of mercy, long suffering and  kind. But that wisdom which is not from above is earthly and devilish. Of all these crimes against man and sins against God paganism is guilty; and so also have they all been done in the name and by the order of ecclesiasticism. IN paganism Satan rules without an intermediary; in ecclesiasticism he rules by that human agency which he has found so traitorous to its kind and to its God as to accept his delegated authority and undertake to be second in that do-minion in which Christ refused to be first. In either case, then, the ruler is the same, and that being so, the govern-ments must be similar; the requirements of allegiance, the oaths of office can not be different. They are not different; they are the same. They only vary as the varying development of the intellectual and social life requires, and that variation is equally true of either form of satanic government. THE rule of Satan in the pagan world is supreme, his subjects render him a terror-stricken and unquestioning obedi-ence. It is his aim to seek absolutism everywhere, thus he is always a usurper and hence it is that ecclesiasticism is never content until it has enthroned itself in a despotism. All forms of ecclesiasticism are from the same original stock, and they will again merge into one common type, which, whether the name of the original be retained or not, will be the same anti-christ. He who has staked an eternity and the third place in heaven upon his effort to win eternal supremacy will brook no rival and grant no equal. He, and no other, will rule his own. IT is the ultimate philosophy of every people that all things resolve themselves finally into either good or evil, that there is in the last event no other contest than that between Ormuzd and Ahriman, the forces of right and wrong. This is a le-gitimate deduction. There is also divine authority for it, for He himself has said that they who are not for him are against him. If this be true, as the human mind has acknowledged from all time, it is in-evitable that the discrimination must be made. Each factor in the fight must be called up and the " shibboleth " put to  him : What say ye of Christ, whom say ye that he is ? By this and by their fruits must all be proved that that which is good may be held fast. As in the ultimate event there can be but the two principles, good and evil, so there are but the two supreme representa-tives of these antagonisms, and these two beings are God and Satan. From the be-ginning the fiat has gone forth, "Choose ye this day whom ye will serve." The neces-sity for this choice devolves upon humanity none the less now that in these last days man has found out for himself so many evil devices, and Satan, having developed all his supernatural subtleties, is coming down with all deceivableness such as might lead astray the very elect them-selves. It behooves every man, then to ask, Where is peace ? For God is the God of peace, and Satan is the god of strife. Where is equal justice to all men without respect of persons ? For God is no respecter of persons; but Satan is the god of envy as he is of strife. Where are they that confess that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh, for the salvation of souls ? For they are of God; but they that deny him are of the spirit of antichrist. Where are they that keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus ? For at the last day they shall stand with him on the sea of glass, and sing the song of Moses and the Lamb; but as for the ungodly and the wicked what shall their end be ? THERE is but one name by which men may be saved. It is not the name of any sect or denomination. It is not by pro-testing against the errors committed under the name and authority of any hierarchy while neglecting to pick the beam from their own eyes. It is not by declaring loudly against the errors of others, while failing themselves to walk with humility and meekness in the steps of the Master. If this be so, as it is, where will they be who are striving among themselves for the mastery ? Who are organizing to combat one another,Šnot going forth two by two to preach the word, to warn the world, to heal the sick, and bring the gospel to them that hunger for God's last message of joy to the world. The inner purpose of every secret oath-bound organ- 