.00.11111,11; b.ft Equal and exact'justice to all rrleri, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or politicalŠThomas Je:f.eson. VOLUME 5. NEW.  YORK, FEBRUARY 20, 1890. NUM13R 8. TO American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. THE Merrick County .(Nebraska) Re-publican, of February 7, has the follow- ing item:Š " On Sunday evening Rev. Mitchlemore, of the Central Baptist Church, preached on the subject, ' Why prohibition does not prohibit:' As a chief reason he found that the Church had failed in its duty of reforming men by the power of Christian teaching. The Church has crippled its efficacy in moral and religious work by seeking an alliance with civil power. In other words Mr. Mitchelmore holds that the religion of Jesus Christ is the power of God unto salvation to all men, whether slaves to appetite, or money, or in what-ever condition of immorality or sin. He believes the Church admits the inefficacy of Christianity when it converts itself into a. political engine to accomplish the refor-mation of man. This view is logical and worthy of more consideration than is given it in Central City. It is certain that either Christianity has lost its saving power or many priests of God are wofully misled in their ministrations." Ł Ł -4—  THE Christian Statesman remarks of Colonel Ingersoll's recent article on "God in the Constitution" that "the bold Athe-ism which it inculcates, and on which the writer rests his opposition to religious ac-knowledgment in political constitutions, will create a powerful revulsion of feeling in favor of the National Reform move-ment." It ought to do nothing of the kind. It is true that Mr. Ingersoll's hatred of Christianity is plainly shown in every-thing which he says, but it does not fol-low that because he is unreasonable and intolerant that Christians should be so too.  Proper opposition to so-called National Reform rests not upon any real or sup-posed demerit in Christianity, but upon the fact that National Reform would, if carried out, set up men in the place of God, and thus overthrow the very religion which it is designed to maintain. The truth or, falsity of the Christian religion cuts no figure whatever in the case, and the, sooner both Christians and infidels come to see this fact the better, and the more hope there will be of maintaining the religious liberty enjoyed under the national Constitution as it is. Ł  The Kind of a Religion. IN view of the demand that the State shall teach religion in the public schools, it is,  a pertinent question to ask, What kind of a religion ? This question is not always fairly answered by those who make the proposition. It is generally answered in a vague indeterminate way that leaves the question as much unan-swered as before. It is sometimes an-swered " The Christian Religion." But then the question still recurs, What kind of Christian religion ? Shall it be the Pres-byterian Christian religion ? or the Metho-dist Christian religion ? or the Lutheran Christian religion? or the Roman Cath-olic Christian religion ? Which of these is it that shall be taught in the public schools ? Occasionally, however, there are those who undertake to define what they mean by religion, and what kind of religion it is that shall be adopted and inculcated by the State. Joseph Cook is one of these. His course of Monday Lectures last year dealt largely with this question, especially antagonizing the Roman Catholic view of religion and the public schools. In Lecture III, course of 1889, he said :Š It is very generally conceded that common mor-als, natural religion, the principles of ordinary util-itarian prudence may be taught without sectarian-ism in the public schools. Here are three distinct phrases used to define what kind of religion it is which shall be taught in the public schools. To understand the-se, phrases is to understand what is proposed: to be taught as religion to the children, Of 'the United States. 1. " Common morals." Comnaon morals can be nothing else than that' grade of morals which is common to the 'general mass of the people of the 'United Sates. And to teach that in the public, 'schools, as the standard of right doing, would be only to teach the children that it is right to do as the mass of the people do. This is very properly defined by Mr.; ,Cook as 2. "Natural religion."  Natural relig7  ion, in the abstract,' is,  that which is dis-coverable from nature. With respect to individual character, natural is that which it is natural for each 'One' to manifestŠhis natural dispoSition. With regard to the general mass of the people therefore, natural —religion is ;the sum Of those natural traits which are Most maidŁ  fest in the general character pf a given,  people, or of all mankind; and 'is there-fore synonymous with " common morals." But what in the world is the use of teaching such things as these :in the public schools or anywhere else? It is, easy enough for any person that ever was born to do without any particular instruc-tion, that which it is natural for him to do. It is easy enough for the general mass of the people to manifest in charac-ter that which is natural to them. In other words, it is easy enough for every man to be just what he is. And to make such strenuous efforts as these men 'do, to have the State make of special moment this line of instruction, will hardly pay those who make the demand that it shall be done ; and it is certain it would never pay the people of the United' States. Nevertheless Mr. Joseph Cook, and, if we may judge from the frequency of the " applause " that is carefully interspersed throughout the printed , lecture, a ;large number of "the usual great; audience " of Boston people who attend this lecture-course, actually propose that this shall , be the " religion " that shall 'be taught in the public schools of this nation. In all 