32 AllgiEnt CA N  VoL. 8, No. 4. NEW YORK, JANUARY 26, 1893. Kars.Š Any one receiving the AbutsacAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those Who have not ordered the Ssarrntsa, need have no fears that they will be asked to pa for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Mail and Express makes the state-ment that " the President, within the last few days, has stated most positively that should any bill pass Congress looking to the repeal of the law for the Sunday clos-ing of the World's Fair, and the bill comes to him, he will veto it." It seems improbable, however, that Congress will pass any such bill. The Government appears to be hopelessly committed to religious legislation. IN view of the trials to take place in Henry County, Tennessee, on the 30th of this month, the reader will find the article on another page, which we re-print from the American Law Register, of special interest because of the able manner in which the writer treats the question of what constitutes a disturbance within the meaning of Sunday statutes. THE Tennessee Adventists imprisoned last summer, and also those to be tried next Monday, are charged, in the indict-ments against them, with doing secular work on Sunday " to the great annoyance and disturbance of the people;" yet it is in evidence in the cases of last summer that nobody was disturbedŠall the witnesses testified that the work did not disturb them; and in fact it was of a character and done in such places that it could not be a disturbance in the common accepta-tion of the term. BUT as shown in the article referred to, the term " disturbance " does not have its ordinary, every-day meaning when used in Sunday statutes. The North Carolina judge stated a truth which less candid, but scarcely less bigoted, jurists are slow to admit, namely, that the object of Sunday laws is to compel the performance of a religious duty. The judge's exact language concerning Sunday work is that it " offends us not so much because it disturbs us in practicing for ourselves the religious duties or enjoying the salutary repose or recreation of that day, as that it is in itself a breach of God's law and a violation of the party's own religious duty." BUT a still more remarkable turn has been given to a similar statute in New Hampshire, namely, that those who do the work are disturbed by it ! There the court has defined the law as prohibiting " acts calculated to turn the attention of those present from their appropriate religious  duties to matters of mere worldly con-cern;" and hence, as Mr. Ringgold re-marks, it is settled in that State that business, however quietly conducted on Sunday, " disturbs " those engaged in it, and that a man is " disturbed," though he be willing and even anxious to do busi-ness on Sunday, by the doing of it, or by any act, however voluntary, which tends to distract him from religious ob-servance." THE Tennessee courts have taken sub-stantially the same view of the matter of disturbance as the courts of North Caro-lina and New Hampshire. The "disturb-ance" and "nuisance" charged in indict-ments for Sunday work consist in the fact that the work is done on Sunday, and it is not necessary to show that anybody has been disturbed. The courts assume that Sunday work shocks the moral sense of the community, and it is not even neces-sary that any body should see the work done or even know certainly of its being done. If Sunday work is suspected and can be proved even by members of the same family, it is a nuisance under the ju-dicial legislation of the Tennessee courts. ANOTHER point in Mr. Ringgold's article worthy of special mention is that Sunday laws are not necessary to protect religious assemblies from disturbance. Religious meetings of all kinds are held every day and every night in the week and nobody thinks of being disturbed except on Sun-day when not one-tenth, no, not one-hun-dredth part as much traffic is going on; then it is necessary to have a law to protect public worship!! If slang is ever excusable, one will surely be pardoned for remarking in this connection that the plea is "too thin " I Ł THE Industrial World, of the 23d ult., has this to say of the imprisonment of Adventists in Tennessee:Š The record of the Tennessee courts is the record of a religious inquisition. The Sunday closing of the World's Fair and the faintness of protest from the press is proof that the same craven, mercenary spirit gags them in this as in secular matters. If these statements as to the spirit and purpose of the churches are not true, let them show it by removing the thumbscrews and taking away the fagots of the Tennessee inquisition. If liberty in America is to be more than the mouthing of politicians, those men must be set free and in-demnified for false imprisonment. The chains about their legs will canker the flesh of all the people if they are not stricken off. An injury to one is the concern of all, because it makes easy the way to the injury of all. It is time to wake up. The fact that these men are not now in prison as the World seems to think, does not alter the case one whit; several others, members of the same church, are under indictment and will be tried probably the last Monday in this monthŠand in the Henry County court trial means convic-tion, for men who are too honest to avail themselves of any thing savoring of indi-rection in order to secure acquittal. IN a recent memorial to Congress pray-ing for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, the Mount Vernon Place M. E. Church South, Washington, D. C., said : " We present this memorial in behalf of millions of Christian citizens." But what is the use of any such memorial ? The " Christian " citizens of this land have already been counted several times over in favor of closing the Fair. Are they all to be counted again ? THE Post-Intelligencer, of Paris, Henry County, Tenn., publishes the following item of news:Š CIRCUIT COURT. The Circuit Court convenes the fourth Monday, January 23. The State docket will be taken up on the second Monday of the term, which will be Jan-uary 30. The number of civil cases on the docket are about fifteen, on the reference docket, twelve; on appearance docket, one; State docket, ninety-five. Of these there is one case for murder; for felon-eons assaults, four; for gaming, four; for carry-ing pistol, sixteen; for disturbing public worship, eight; for giving liquor to minors, two; for injur-ing church property, one; for selling liquor on Sunday, three; for assault and battery, two; for perjury, two; for selling liquor without license, five; for selling liquor in four miles of school house, two; for larceny, two; attempt to rape, one; for selling liquor to miners, six; for keeping open saloon on Sunday, two; for fraudulent breach of trust, one; for work on Sundays, seventeen; for lewdness, two; for public drunkenness, two; for horse racing on public road, one ; for keeping gam-ing table, one; for injuring spring, one. The Post-Intelligencer does not, how-ever, explain that the indictments for Sunday work are against men who are acknowledged by the prosecuting attorney to be good citizens, aside from the fact that they do not observe Sunday; it does not tell what is the fact, that any one of them would be trusted by any merchant in the county to any reasonable amount, for they are known to be scrupulously honest; in short, it does not tell, as it might truthfully do, that they are upright Christian men suffering persecution for conscience' sake. JUST as we are closing up the last page of this number of the SENTINEL, a letter comes to us from Henry County, Tenn., telling us that the sheriff is summoning mere children as witnesses in the cases of the indicted Adventists. One boy of only eleven years has been subpoenaed as a witness against his own father ! In another family the father will be required to testify against his sons and the sans against the father and against each other! and this to prove something which in the indictment is described as being " to the great annoyance and disturbance of the people," and "against the peace and dig-nity of the State "!! AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Mingle copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address,, per,year, - - 90c. 25 to 99 " - - - 80e. 64 " "  64 1000 or more it 44 To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 100 to 249 " " " 250 to 499 " " " 500 to 999  46 46 16 ft 14 - - 75e. " 70c. if - - 65c. " - - - 60c.  