TI AMERICAN SENTINEL. 63 Jew and Gentile will be one in our Lord, may none of us have to. confess that we were cruel to each other. Yours' truly, C. H. SPURGEON." Thi's earnest expression of the genius of trite re-ligion from England's greatest preacher, just dead, is universal in its application. Why cannot the consciences of churchmen everywhere be reached, when they would persecute other religionists, or enforce upon them the acceptance or observance of their view of the requirements of religion/ AT the annual convention of the American Sab-bath Union held at Des Moines, Iowa, some time ago, this resolution was adopted:Š . Realizing that the Sabbath was ordained for man, and that the proper observance of the day would secure to labor the one day of rest in seven, so much needed and so much prized by intelligent la-bor throughout the entire land: therefore, be it Resolved, That the president of this American Sabbath Union he authorized and requested to ap-point a committee of one or three whose duty it shall be to visit as far as practicable, all local State and national conventions of labor organizations, and lay before them the aims and work of this Union, extending to them the right hand of fellow-ship, and secure, as far as possible, their co-opera-tion with us in the work of preserving the Christian Sabbath and all its benign influences to our Nation and the world. To meet the intent of this resolution Hon. L. S. Coffin, of Iowa, a member of the Board of Mana-gers of the Sabbath Union and of the Brotherhood of Trainmen of America, has been selected to con-fer with all the different labor organizations of the country, and secure their co-operation. THE following is the text of a joint resolution in-troduced in the Legislature at Albany by Senator Hunter :Š " Resolved, If Assembly concur that our repre-sentatives in Congress be and they are hereby re-quested to use their influence with the Commission- . ers of the World's Fair, to be held in the city of Chicago, to the end that on each and every Sabbath day during the continuance thereof, it shall be closed to the public, and that as an exposition it shall be suspended until the succeeding secular day. "Resoived, That we view with no little concern any hesitation on the part of officials having charge of this great enterprise, to provide amply against a national desecration of the Lord's day in defiance of a command to ' remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy.' And that we as a people may not in-cur the displeasure of the Supreme Ruler by en-couraging their disregard of this sacred command in that respect, do earnestly urge our representa-tive in Congress to favor no measure in further aid of such enterprise, except it be coupled with condi-tion that the Fair be closed to visitors, and sus-pended as an exposition on the Sabbath day." Ł THE following is an editorial in the Chicago Tribune of February 2:Š The American Secular Union, of this city, is endeavoring to have the World's Fair kept open on Sunday. Seeing the saloon keepers working on that day it imagined foolishly their sympathies would be with it in its labors, and hence appealed to them for aid. Much to their surprise the saloon men said that they were heartily in accord with the movement to close the Fair Sunday, which so many clergymen have been conspicuous in advocating, because if it were open their business would suffer. The sellers of beer and whiskey are keener sighted than.  hose ministers who have said that the opening of the World's Fair to visitors SundayŠthe machin-ery being stillŠwould make that day one of riot and drunken revelry. The saloon keepers know that if visitors and citizens did not have a chance to go to the Fair the consumption of liquor would be increased enormously and that those who other-wise would look at pictures and delicate fabrics and the fine work of the jewelers would haunt the bar-rooms. The preachers who want others kept away from the Fair because they do not wish to go are to be congratulated on their new allies. It is to be hoped that when they see the saloon keepers rallying to their side so enthusiastically they will begin to ask themselves whether the policy which secures them such friends must not be a mistaken one. It has been strongly stated, by those who would secure Sunday closing, that it is not true that saloon men are in favor of it. Here is a good opportunity to find out the truth in the matter. The Tribune is a leading daily and it must have some ground for such statements when it ventures to put them in its editorial GolUMUs, YOUNG PEOPLE'S LIBRARY. SERIES 1. Every volume hi this library contains choice, wholesome, instructive reading, and, while de-signed for the young, it will be.  equally interesting to every member of the family. Each. volume has 166 pages, is fully illustrated and substantially Ł bound in fine colored cloth, handsomely embossed in jet arid gold. Series 1 contains six volumes which are as I. FIJI AND SAMOA,ŠJOTTINGS Eliot ran PACIFIC, No L 2. JACK THE CONQUEROR. 3. SAVONAROLA, thd Floeeritine Mar-tyr. 4. THE 'TONCA ISLANDS and Other Croups,ŠJOTTINGS FROM THE PACIFIC, NO, 2. 5. LETTERS FROM THE HOLY LAND. 6. AMONG-THE NORTHERN ICE-BERGS. The set, in cloth, in a box, sent post-paid, for $3.60. Single volumes, CO cents each, paper, -25 cents. NEW HISTORICAL ATLAS AND GEN-ERAL. HISTORYŠBy Robert H. Lab berton. This is the only atlas that has a map for every period. A map for any par-ticular date can instantly be found by any o.ie. It contains, now made for the first time, maps of the Chaldean, Elamitic, Egyp-tian, Kossean, Armenian, Hittite, and As-syrian Empires. It contains 198 maps, print-ed in colors, 30 genealogical charts, and is complete in one volume. 4to, 312 pages. Sent by mail or express, post-paid. Half law sheep, $2. 75; half morocco, $3. 00. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kennan went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, because no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. THE NEW BIBLE ATLAS AND GAZ-ETTEER, with 16 colored maps by W. and A. Keith Johnson, and a very elaborate gaz-etteer, giving information about nearly every place which is marked upon the maps, with scripture references. 4to, cloth, $1. 50. GINN'S CLASSICAL ATLAS-4to, cloth, $2. 50. This work contains 23 colored maps, which were projected and executed by the late A. Keith Johnson, with a complete in-dex. THE POCKET ATLAS OF THE WORLD ŠA comprehensive and popular series of maps, illustrating physical and political ge-ography, with geographical statistical notes, 54 double maps, cloth, $1.00. THE NONSUCH PROFESSOR IN HIS MERIDIAN SPLENDORŠBy Rev. Wm. Seeker. Introduction by Theodore L. Cuyler, D. D. 16mo, 367 pages, $1.00. OUR COUNTRY, ITS POSSIBLE FU-TURE, AND PRESENT CRISISŠBy Rev. Josiah Strong. 228 pages, cloth, 60 cents. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCEŠA diction-ary, and alphabetical index to the Bible. Moth, $1.25. Sheep, $2.50. CHURCH AND STATEŠBy Philip Schaff, D. D. This book discusses that part of the Constitution of the United States which pro-tects us against the despotism, of a State Church, and guarantees to us the free exer-cise and enjoyment of religion, as an inher-ent, inviolable and inalienable right of every man. Price $1.50. MEMOIRS OF EDWIN BAINBRIDGE, The subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tarawera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 750. THOMAS J. COMBER, Missionary Pi-oneer to the CongoŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully il-lustrated, cloth extra, price, 75 cents, SAMUEL CROWTHER, the Slave Boy who became Bishop of the NigerŠBy Jesse Page, author of " Bishop Patter-son." 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. WILLIAM CAREY, the Shoemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JAMES CHALMERS, Missionary and Explorer of Raratonga and New GuineaŠBy Wm. Robson, of the London Missionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully'  illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. ROBERT MORRISON, the Pioneer of Chinese MissionsŠBy Wm, J. Town-send, Sec. Methodist New Connexion Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN GRIFFITH, Founder of the Han-kow Mission, Central ChinaŠBy Wil-liam Robson, of the London Missionary society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. ROBERT MOFFAT, the Missionary Hero of KurumanŠBy David J. Deane, author of " Martin, Luther, the Reformer," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN BRIGHT, the Man of the People ŠBy Jesse Page, author of " Bishop Patter-son," "Samuel Crowther," etc. I2mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. MISSIONARY LADIES IN FOREIGN LANDSŠBy Mrs. E. R. Pilman, author of "Heroines of the Mission fields," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c, HENRY M. STANLEY, the African Ex-plorerŠBy Arther Montefiore, F. R. G. S. Brought down to 1889. 12mo. 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. FAVORITE BIBLE STORIES FOR THE YOUNG Š With numerous illustrations. 16mo, handsomely illuminated board covers, 50 cents. ; cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of Erro-mangaŠBy Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents, BISHOP PATTERSON, the Martyr of MelanesiaŠBy Jesse Page. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. faT''The above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. Or Oakland, Cal P4R.C.1 St., New Yo=* 