MARCH 28, 1895. 'Sl.q_111Nrr1 NE 1L0 101 burdens, so it violates the same principle by granting to others peculiar exemptions. Are the Quakers and Mennonites the only sects who think a compulsive support of their re-ligions unnecessary and unwarrantable ? Can their piety alone be entrusted With the care of public worship ? Ought their religions to be endowed above all others with extraordinary privileges by which proselytes may be enticed from all others ? We think too favorably of the justice and good sense of these denomina-tions to believe that they either covet pre-eminence over their fellow-citizens, or that they will be seduced by them from the com-mon opposition to the measure." The same principle is involved in this Sun-day question; and because of this, Adventists do not seek legislation in their behalf. They regard the observance or non-observance of a Sabbath as purely a religious question with which the State has of right nothing to do, and therefore they will not ask the legislature to enact any law requiring anybody to observe any day. But this need not prevent the State of Tennessee from affording them relief in some manner. It would be better to repeal the Sunday law entirely than to oppress  good citizens. We trust that the legislature will consider this question, and take such action as seems to them to be wise under all the cir-cumstances. Certainly the State of Tennessee cannot afford to persecute the Adventists and drive them from the State.ŠDayton ( Tenn. ) Republican, March 16. STOP THEM ALL THE TIME. THE esteemed Advertiser says. that during the investigation of Sunday concerts by the police board last fall, it was proved that the performances in certain places were "horribly, unspeakably, unprintably indecent," and more, too. If this be true of the Sunday evening shows, is it not true of them on other evenings ? And what sort of guardianship of public morals is that which confines itself to one-seventh of the time, leaving the other six-sevenths to corrupt all they can ? If what the Advertiser says was proved about these per-formances is the truth, there is no need for any new laws to enable the authorities to punish the guilty and stop such shows on any evening of the week, and they are disgrace-fully false to their duty if they do not do so. And least of all can Boston afford to have the impression go abroad that lewd and indecent shows can be seen on Sunday evenings, but not on any others. It would seem to be too far along in the evolution of morality for men to proceed as if on the assumption that one day in the week condemns an act which all the other six days permit. A theft or a mur-der on Sunday is no whit worse than the same acts on any other day. If society has any right to stop this kind of exhibitionsŠor any other kindŠon Sundays, it has precisely the same right to stop them every day. If they are demoralizing on SundaysŠand beyond doubt they are so when they are not nauseat-ingŠthey are demoralizing every day. It is fantastic foolishness to hold otherwise. Nay, it is worse, for it is itself demoralizing. Moreover, it is easier, in one sense, to stop these rotten exhibitions altogether than to stop them for one day and let them flourish for six days. If it becomes Ł known among their purveyors and managers that in a given city they can flaunt themselves undisturbed for six days, provided they'll keep out of sight the seventh, and that in another .given city they are not safe any day in the week from sharp and sudden punishment, which of the two cities, think you, will they avoid ? If the shows complained of are not lewd, obscene, indecent, etc., they cannot be stopped for being so on Sunday any more than on any other day. If they are so, they can be and should be stopped on Sundays and on all other days, and the officers who fail to do so are false to their trust. But, on the other hand, if the reason why we want them stopped on Sundays resides in the day, and not in the shows--if it is because of the Sunday, and not because of the character of the shows, let us be manly and honest, and say so. A false accusation of indecency can really injure only the accuser, and it is utterly impossible that anything which is not lewd or indecent on any other day can be so on Sunday.ŠBoston Trav-eller, March 11. A LONDON PAPER PLEADS FOR LIBERTY OF CONSCIENCE. THE case of the Seventh-day Adventists who were fined at the Clerkenwell police court on the 13th ult. is one in which it is to be hoped the Home Secretary will intervene. The sec-retary of their publication department was summoned under the factory act for employ-ing two women and one young person at the printing works on Sunday. It is a leading principle of the society to observe Saturday as the Sabbath, and this is done with great strict-ness, the printing works being closed from Friday noon to Sunday morning. The Home Office inspectors offered the Seventh-day Ad-ventists the opportunity of applying for ex-emption from the factory act so far as Sunday labor was concerned as is done by the Jews, and as though they were Jews, but as the Adventists are Christians they felt that such a course would be a denial of Christ and there-fore refused to take it. The secretary was fined. £3 18s., and intimated that he should refuse to pay. It is obvious that the Advent-ists observe the spirit of the factory act, and . it is certain that the act was never designed to coerce consciences. We can hardly, under the circumstances, suppose that Mr. Asquith will allow conscientious people to suffer by a legal accident.ŠThe Church, of To-day (Lon-don), March 1. A GOOD PLACE TO GET AWAY FROM. THE East Randolph (11r. Y.) Enterprise, under date of March 7, 1895, published an article entitled, " Religion In Germany." The writer says that Germany will be a good place to get away from, and that quickly, if the bill which Dr. Rintelen will try to have passed in the Reichstag, should become law. Dr. Rintelen proposes to punish with a fine of $150 and imprisonment for two years, any-body who, in a public speech, or writing, denies the existence of the Deity or the im-mortality of the- soul, etc. The writer con-tinues by extolling America as a model of re-ligious liberty, thus implying that it would be a land of promise for the oppressed of Germany to flee to when they are obliged to leave their native land. Evidently the writer is not acquainted with the recent develop-ments in Germany and her neighboring re-public, Switzerland, along the line of religious intolerance. The readers of the SENTINEL are familiar with the arrest and imprisonment, for three weeks, of Pastor H. P. Holser, for permitting, as proprietor, employment on Sunday, in the Seventh-day Adventist publishing house, in Basel, Switzerland, and the prospect of serving another term because of a refusal to pay more fine for the same offense(?). The school laws in Germany are such that they compel the attendance of children of  seventh-day observers on Saturday. Some five different families have recently been fined for refusing to allow their children to attend the public school on the day that they hold sacred. All of this is the result of laws as iniquitous as the proposed legislation forbidding the public denial of the church dogma of the natural immortality of the soul, which origi-n nated with Satan, taught by heathen philos-ophers to pagan bishops of the first centuries of the Christian era, and handed down to professed Protestants by the Roman Catholic Church. It will be readily seen from the foregoing, that Germany is, and has been, " a good place to get away from " for some time. But what about America being an asylum for those who are persecuted in Germany ? Space will permit only a brief reference to the situation in this country of which we once could singŠ " My country, 'tis of thee, Sweet land of liberty." For nearly forty years religious zealots of this country have been persistently working for a state of things even worse than that which exists in Germany and Switzerland. The result is, that such an influence has been brought to bear upon our Federal jurists that they have declared this to be a Christian nation; and since which time most wicked legislation is being proposed and enacted in different States. Also there is a revival of old State Sunday.  laws that have ever been a blot on our statute books. These old relics of a State-church polity are now springing into new life, and are being used to arrest and imprison, as felons, God-fearing men for quietly working . on Sunday after obeying the law of their GO, by observing, as sacred, the seventh day of the week. In view of the situation here, can it not be said that this country, too, is "a good place to get away from ? " Since it has been in-ferred that America would be a good land for ' the oppressed of Germany to flee to, the query, might arise, to what land shall Americans flee who do not propose to bow down to laws that abridge the rights of conscience ? The National Reform party has already, through one of its vice-presidents, Rev. E. A., Graham, suggested voluntary exile as follows:Š We might add in all justice, if the opponents of the .-Bible [with whom seventh-day observers are classed] do not like our Government and its Christian fea-tures, let them go to some wild, desolate land, and in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil, subdue it, and set up a government of their own on infidel and atheistic ideas; and then, if they can stand it, stay there till they die. But it is plain to be seen that false Protestantism and Roman Catholicism are dominating every civilized land, so that even the lands which were once freedom's boast, are now becoming the most op-pressive, hence rendering the entire world "a . good place to get away from." The gospel is designed for the very purpose of getting man-kind from this world to a better one. The apostle expresses it thus in Gal. 1: 4: " Who (Christ) gave himself for our sins, that he might deliver us from this present evil world, according to the will of God and our Father." The deliverance is from sin, self, the world, and every thing that is unholy. " Where-fore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you." 2 Cor. 6: 17. Know ye not that the friend-ship of the world is enmity with God ? who-soever therefore will be a friend of the world, is the enemy of God." James 4: 4. " Come out of her, my people." Rev. 18:4. When we leave our home and citizenship here, God 