656 THE SE I. NTIN-E OF LIE3EWrY. 7-  n,17 Ł Š `r r\ ili any man hear mg word:sand believe not Ijudge him norŠaswchrkt CHICAGO, OCTOBER  Any one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked 'to pay for it. Sabbath. WewoUld point out only this, bow faoligh it is for the state to try to enforce 'the obligations which man owes his GOd." The Witness has hit inexactly. Not only is, that teaching false which seeks to instil into the mind the thought " that Sunday has taken the place of the 'Sabbath," but it would make tio-  difference if the doctrine were true. Thrate ;has no right to en-''force any religious instit ':tion;  either true or false. .4 .4 THE advocates of compulsory Sunday observance are now pointing,to the- Paris Exposition as a "sad - financial failure," which they allege is due to. Sunday opening, and are inquiring whether the great fairs projected for Buffalo and St. Louis are to be kept open,  on Sundays. " Pastors, churches, and Christian 'Endeavor societies," we are informed, are giving their attention, to this matter, and the qnestion of Sunday enforcement is. not likely very soon to be-come quiescent in this country. .4 .4 Ł IN a recent editorial -note the Micliikon:Cstian Advocatisays!- 2, L'H. S.;theinitials.of 1esns hominnin.. Salz)ai oi-,' Jesus <saviour of.men.',,  are often written in a Mono-, grain. .Seeing it' on thecOrner-stone of a church the -other. day, we,  were'_ for. an  instant startled. The monogram' lOOked;'So,Jike another thing that for a .niOmentwe thought .the United States' dollar sign ($) Was. CarVed'on,  that"stone." - " Well, -thed011ar sign .(8). would not be, greatly out of place on many :churches, at least it might with" -great propriety -be placedr.,on the corner of Ł which -is, located the,. kitchen ',in '.Which OySter ,SuPpeis and other . refreshments are 'prePared.' ' IN quoting and commenting upon an editorial note frdin'these columns the. Lutheran Witness says: "Of course, we have no sympathy with the false teaching that Sunday has taken the place of the TkIE Canadian parliamentary campaign is now officially declared, the election day being fixed for November 7, the day,  after our own. The Lord's Day Alliance will doubtless, make a strong effort to secure from the next parliament a Sunday lawior the Dominion, as the provincial lawS have been found inadequate to accomplish what is <desired by the friends of the legal Sunday. The Sundayques-tion is not, however, an issue of the carhpaign. It, is said that the Liberals undet Premier Laurier seem to have excellent prospectS of being again intrusted with power. .4 .4 WE sometimes hear certain civil statutes spoken of as "Christian laws." There is, no such thing as Christian civil law. True,,tirtere are'milky civil laws that are in perfect 'harmony, with' the principles of justice, and thuS in harinonywilih the principles of Christianity, but they are not:Christian. .74 " MY MOTHER'S LIFE," by Mary Henry Rossiter, with an introduction by Bishop John H. Vincent of the. Methodist Episcopal. Church, is a most inter-esting sketch of the life and work of Mrs. S. M. I. Henry by her daughter. The book Contains' over three hundred and fifty pages, is handsomely bound in cloth, and is published by Fleming H. Revell Company of this city.,  It 'is a most helpful book well Worth reading. Prk.e, For particulars address the publishers, EXAMINE THE LABEL. THE yellow label.. on. your paper indicates the date on which your subscription expires. Please examine it closely, and if it reads g.19 you should forward your renewal without delay in order to avoid the loss of any papers. ANOTHER movement for Sunday closing of shops has been inaugurated in the stockyards district of Chicago. ' 