10 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, him, to crown him, in this nation. In this respect the theory of the Mormons and of the National Reformers is identical. The theory is absurd, for the. Scriptures give no intima-tion that Christ will be brought into his king-dom, enthroned, or crowned, in any such man-ner. The theory is peculiar to the Reformed Presbyterians and the Mormons; and the lat- ter apparently borrowed it from the former. Secondly, The Mormon Church dominates the civil Government, and this is, practically, a union of Church and State. But this is ex-actly what the Reformers demand in the whole nation. Rev. J. M. Foster, in the States- man of March, 1884, said:Š " According to the Scriptures, the State and its sphere exist for the sake of and to serve the interests of the church." If this does not mean that the State, the civil power, is to be subordinated to the church, then no language could be framed to express such an idea. And this is not a lapses linguce, an unconsidered expression, for " Secretary Leiper," a valiant defender of National Reform, undertook to vindicate Mr. Foster in the fol-lowing language:Š " J. H. W. stumbles at an utterance of Rev. J. M. Foster in Christian Statesman, of March, 1884: 'According to the Scriptures, the State and its sphere exist for the sake of and to serve the interests of the church.' This state-ment J. H. W. emphatically denies. As a be-liever in the Bible, how will he undertake to expound Isa. 49 : 23 and 60 : 12, in accord with his views of the relation of Church and State?' Yes, we emphatically deny the statement, even as we deny that marriage is a Christian institution. There are some things in the government and providence of God which are as truly for the non-believer as for the believer. If the National Reformers had their way the sun would shine and the rain would fall only upon the Reformed Presbyterian Church 1 But that is not God's method. But the point is, that Mr. Leiper indorses Mr. Foster's state-ment, and emphatically repudiates our " views of the relation of Church Sand State." In the Christian Nation of July 14, 1886, we find the following strong language:Š "A civil recognition of the church is often represented as inconsistent with her independ-ence and freedom, whereas it is absolutely necessary to that freedom. No true friend of Christ would accept State favor at the expense of independence. The church exists as the Lord has ordained, and the [civil] ruler in an official recognition accepts it as it is, and its great charter, the word, is pleadable before any Legislature or in any court. Otherwise, if the church is only known as a voluntary as-sociation, it is bound down to the specific regulations that determine the order of pro-cedure. In the United States, whose Federal Constitution knows no Bible, no Christ, no God, the church has no reason to boast of freedom of action in her own department, and is exposed to prosecution and penalties, when insubordinate members choose to appeal to the civil courts against that discipline which they 'had vowed to accept." Here again we demur to the doctrine. The church is properly a voluntary association; and it has no right to transcend the duties which lie between man and man, or to so de-prive its members of their rights as to be-come subject to " prosecution and penalties." It is only in such a Government as the Na- tional Reformers seek to establish that the  civil power can interfere in questions of doc- trines and ordinances; but in questions of individual rights it ought to interfere, for the Bible gives no church or officer authority to lord it over God's heritage. But our gentle Reformers are by no means satisfied with the measure of power conferred upon them in the gospel. They must, forsooth, usurp authority over the Government which protects them. The Statesman of December 9, 1886, publishes extracts from what it calls " a noteworthy thanksgiving sermon," in which are the fol- lowing words:Š "It used to be the law in New England that no man could vote who was not a pro-fessing Christian, a member of the church of Christ. An absurd and pernicious law, doubt-less, with men what they are. Yet the law is an almost pathetic memorial of the grand design of the Pilgrim Puritans to establish a theocracy in the New World, to which they had fled from the corruptions and persecutions of the OldŠa State which should be governed by those and those only who were governed by God. It is also a striking prophecy of that prime necessity of good citizenship, a heart-felt submission and allegiance to the authority of God, which will inevitably result in an effort to realize in society divine ideals of love and justice." But the Reformers themselves do not admit even the half-hearted disclaimer here used. Thus Hon. Mr. Patterson, of Pennsylvania, in his speech in the Pittsburg Convention, 1874, "'And this religion, as understood by Prot-estants, tending, by its effects, to make every man submitting to its influence a better hus-band, parent, child, neighbor, citizen, and magistrate, was by the people (of Massachu-setts) established as a fundamental and essen-tial part of their Constitution;' and ought, we claim, to be likewise established by the people of the United States, as a fundamental and essential part of their Constitution." That is to say, that as professed Christians only could vote or exercise the rights of citi- zenship in Massachusetts, so it should be in all the United States. Remember, it was under this very Christian arrangement in Massachusetts that dissenters were banished, whipped, and put to death 1 Lest the reader should think that we draw too strong conclu-sions from these several statements, we quote again from the Christian Nation of September 15, 1886:Š " Of course, a Government organized on a basis embracing Christianity, could not, with propriety, intrust those with office who are hostile to its characteristic faith. And none of this class have any right to claim that they shall be equally eligible to office with those who are bona fide citizens." Here it is in full. None are bona fide citi-zens unless they are in harmony with the "characteristic faith," or religion of the Gov-ernment! Under their benign rule, which, they often boast, will "secure the rights of all classes," the dissenter will not be a bona fide citizen, and will have no right to claim equal rights with the patriotic Reformed Presby-terian I no right to claim eligibility to office. And there is no Church and State in this; oh, no I " Will you walk into my parlor? " Once more: President Brunot, in his Pitts-burg address, said it was their purpose to acknowledge the Bible as the supreme rule of the conduct of the nation. In the Christian  Nation of February 24, 1886, are the following words:Š " Respect Ł for the Bible means respect for the church, for the preaching of the gospel, find for all the means of grace." We might multiply quotations to show that they expect to, have " the church " occupy a controlling position in their new manner of government, but space forbids. And, as far as the purpose of this article is concerned, it is not needed, for we have fully shown all that we claimed of the complete likeness of the system of the Mormons and of the National Reformers. Both claim that their system, when carried out, is the kingdom of Christ on earth. Both claim that it is the duty of the civil Government to care for, to uphold, and to enforce the teachings of the church. Both claim that the civil offices should be filled by members of the church, and that dissenters have no right to hold office. And this state of things, in the description of Utah as quoted from the Nation, is represented as a union of Church and State. But how will the Reform-ers avoid the conclusion that the same state of things in the whole country will be a national union of Church and State ? It was this very thing that Thomas Jeffer-son opposed as inimical to a republican Gov-ernment. It was against this that the framers of our Constitution wisely guarded in the Sixth Article and the First Amendment. It is well known that Thomas Jefferson, more than any other man, is blamed for the secu-lar character, or, what the Reformers claim, the godless character of our Government. Thomas Jefferson was not a religionist; but he was a firm friend of 'civil and religious liberty, and we hope that the people of the United StatesŁ`may be aroused to the fact that our Jiberties, both civil and religious, are in danger from the efforts now being made to subordinate this' civil Government to the will of the church. It is just as dangerous to republicanism now as it was in the days of Jefferson; just as dangerous to individual rights as it was two centuries ago in Massa-chusetts; just as dangerous in Pennsylvania, Ohio, or Tennessee, as it is in Utah. And let us not be deceived with the idea that the days of religious persecution have passed away, never to return. Religious bigotry and intolerance are manifest in every part of our land. Were it not so, the cause of " National Reform" or of the Religious Amendment of the Constitution, would not flourish as it does, and become popular as it is very fast becoming. Dr. Howard Crosby well said: " The moment you put religion into the hands of the Govern-ment, you do what Constantine did, and will bring about the dark ruin of the tenth cent- ury." J. H. w. THE same cause which restrained the vigor, polluted the character. of the church; for, be-ing unable immediately,  to repress by its own spiritual weapons the violent animosities of its ministers, and impatient of the gradual influence of time and reason, in a dark and disastrous moment it had recourse to that temporal sword which was not intended for its service, and which it has never yet em-ployed without disgrace or with impunity.ŠWaddington. 