68 A_MMILZICAN IMEN"FrircliElLa., VoL. 9, No. 9. very sign and acknowledgment of her " infallible " authority,Šthe Sunday. So that here is all prepared, ready to her hand, the machinery by which she can compel all to do her bidding in this re-spect just as soon as she chooses to exer-cise the powerŠand until she gets ready to. 'exercise this power herself there are plenty of papalized Protestants who are willing to run the machinery for her, as numerous instances in Arkansas, Tennes-see, Maryland, Georgia and other places have abundantly proved. 2. There has been established in the law--procedure of the United States the despotic doctrine that a thing that is " harmless in itself " may be forbidden " as tending to a breach of the peace." Now, the only possible way that an action which is harmless in itself, could tend to a breach of the peace is in having abroad somebody who is of such an overbearing, such a meddling, such a tyrannical, disposition, that anything that does not exactly suit him, even though it be admittedly harm-less in itself, so excites the devil in him that he must attack the harmless doer. Thus a breach of the peace is committed. And so to prevent any such breach of the peace in the future, instead of punishing the breaker of the peace, a law must be enacted prohibiting all persons from doing any more that thing which is harmless in itself !ŁŁ! And this because it tends to a breach of the peace! The innocent citizen must be made a slave, and the tyrannical meddler must be clothed with power over him. And this because his harmless deeds " tend to a breach of the peace " ! ! That is an established doctrine in the judicial system and procedure of the United States. And now the Catholic Church is putting into practice the doc-trine, whenever opportunity offers, to pro-hibit the freedom of speech guaranteed by the Constitution. When a public speaker says anything that Rome does not like, she raises a riot. And then the speaker is arrested and prosecuted for breach of the peace or inciting to riot, and is for- bidden to speak any more on any such subject. And this is the doctrine that is now plainly taught to Catholics in the United States. " Father " Thomas ShermanŠson of the late General ShermanŠa Jesuit priest, wrote a lecture against organiza-tions opposed to Rome, which was to be delivered, presumably, to Catholics alone, but a page of it, by mistake, got among the manuscript of another lecture which he delivered publicly, and was printed in the Chicago Herald of February 6 and 7, 1894. In this page he was dealing with ex-priests, and he sets forth what should be done with them in the following Cath-olic, Jesuitical, and judicial style :Š For my own part I have no apology to offer for the acts of Catholics in vigorous protest against these wholesale venders of infamy. The father who slays the corrupter of his child must be left to the Almighty. The man who shoots an anarchist at sight is a public benefactor. These en-priests are anarchists of the worst stamp. They appeal to free speech. If free speech means the right to debauch the minds of women and children at pleasure, then I, for one, say better free bullets than free speech. If America will not draw the line between freedom and license, then America means chaos and old night. There is no right to do public wrong, and every town and village must prevent it. Sue for libel. The evil is done when the suit is begun. Of course I know you will not agree with me, but if the blight of corruption were to threaten your own you would act on the principle of prevention. There are certain questions that cannot be touched in public without doing vast harm. The State exists to preserve public morality. And the 'Western Watchman, the offi- cial Catholic paper of St. Louis, of Jan. 25, 1894, gives similar advice, thus:Š Who can blame them [the riotous Catholics] if they rise up and strike the blasphemers in the mouth 2 These miscreant travelers should not be protected. If their occupation excites to riot they should be made to choose some other calling. If they cannot be re-strained by statute or ordinance, let them carry their hides to the market; and if they get holed, let it be charged to the profit and loss of the business. This is the very doctrine that has been established by the courts of the United States, even to the United States Supreme Court, that is, prohibit by law that which is harmless in itself, because it tends to breach of the peace, because it excites to riot ! And thus this infamous doctrine of the courts of the. United States has put into the hands of Rome the legal means by which she proceeds to abolish freedom of speech in the United States. It is, in fact, her own doctrine, and she is very glad to have it established as a part of the judicial procedure of the United States; and gladly avails herself of it in carrying forward her purpose to possess the nation for herself. 3. Another piece of machinery that is made ready to Rome's hand and recognized by the courts, and that is being kept in run-ning order by its inventor, is the Inquisi-tion. It is a literal fact that the Inquisi-tion is being carried on, and has been for nearly three years, in this city of New York, and, to some extent, in other places, as Pittsburg and Allegheny. In New York it is better known as " Parkhurst-ism," in the other places as " Law and Order League." This Inquisition is not being carried on yet by Rome, but it is being carried on in Rome's own way by professed Protestants. For no Inquisition was ever more certainly carried on by any Romanist than this is being carried on by these professed Protestants; and no more Jesuitical methods were ever used in the Romish Inquisition than are being used in this Inquisition by Parkhurst and his crew. This Inquisitor-General Parkhurst has scattered through this city 1,137 spiesŠone in each election districtŠwho spend their time not simply in discovering crimes which have been, already commit-ted, but in inducing people to commit crimes, and even in committing crime themselves in company of others or on the premises of others, in order to entrap, to prosecute, and to imprison these others. These things are being done straight along by these inquisitors, and the worst fea-ture about it is that the courts give it the support and sanction of the law. Park-hurst himself and his agents have com-mitted and inducedŠhiredŠothers to com-mit with them, unnameable indecencies, and then have voluntarily gone into court and unblushingly told of these indecencies in witness against their victims; and the courts, instead of punishing these chief criminals, accept their testimony and im-prison their victims. From these the regular police have adopted the practice (not of the indecencies of course, they are not so bad as that) of trapping people into crime, especially by inducing them to sell something on Sunday and then arresting and prosecuting them. And occurrences of this inquisitorial order are as numerous and about as regular as the recurrence of the days. And it is evident from the whole procedure that the Inquisition was never more certainly conducted by Rome herself, than this Inquisition is being con-ducted by professed Protestants. And when Rome gets ready to conduct the  machine herself, she can do so no more certainly, though she may do so more cruelly, than these professed Protestants are now doing. And thus it is that pro-fessed Protestants have established and put in working order, ready for the hands of Rome, the very Inquisition itself. AND so, from first to last, there is a clear field open to the papacy to advance to the full possession of the country. The facil-ities are at hand and in working order, and ready for the papacy to use as soon as she gets ready, and until she does get ready professed Protestants are keeping all these facilities well prepared to her hand. And it is a shameful procedure, as well as a deplorable situation. A. T. J. Our Christian Statesmen. THE United States Supreme Court de-cision that "this is a Christian nation," received a striking confirmation recently in the Senate proceedings. It was the next day after Ash Wednesday, and Senator Voorhees, with a pious regard for the sacred observance of the Lenten season, made a motion that the Senate adjourn till the following Monday on the ground that the next day was " Good Friday," and there was no reason why they should not regard it by discontinuing the regular business. The newspapers report that other senators agreed and the motion pre-vailed. To the surprise of all it was after-ward discovered that a mistake of five weeks had been made in their haste to honor the church holy day. These are the same gentlemen who lately decided that the seventh day of the fourth commandment now comes on Sunday, the first day of the week, and, therefore, passed the bill closing the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday. This action met with great favor from the clergy and the religious press who saw wonderful visions of good in their deference to the ideas of the churches. I have not heard that any rejoicing has been indulged in because the thirty-eighth day of Lent has become the third according to the computation of these Christian statesmen. Either their mathematics or theology is wrong in both instances. If they can reckon the first day of the week the seventh, then why not let them make the third day of Lent the thirty-eighth ? The latter is only a human arrangement any way, while the other is fixed by divine appointment. Of course the last blunder did not become a law, but possibly it might supply proof to succeeding generations that Lent has only three days as convincing as some that is now offered to prove that the Sabbath comes on Sunday. The fact that the apostles met on the first day of the week for meeting in one instance is the very bulwark of Sunday observance. No law for it can be found, but the example is thought to be enough. Suppose that eighteen centuries hence some one should read in the Congressional Record that the Senate in this Christian nation did adjourn the third day of Lent because it was Good Friday, could any one longer dispute the obligation to follow such a practice ? I am not trying to prove that the present senator is the counterpart of the early Christian, but only this, are men who are so far from the truth in the present in-' stance infallible guides in the other ? Shall we put the decision of religious questions in their hands ? Both show for- 