Atfatisf 86, AOC ,tfillaktf0 Ritualism Running.  Riot. A CORRESPONDENT of the Record has been examining popular Ritualist works, and makes some interesting extracts illus-trating the Romeward progress. In "The Ceremonial of the Altar," there is a prayer for " Our Pope, our Bishop, our Sover-eign." Is the pope at Rome or Canter-bury ? A little book, instructing English churchmen in the use of the rosary, has references to "The Repose of the Mother of God." " Simple Lessons," by Canon Carter, suggests that Paul's cloak, left at Troas, was his eucharistic vestment, and that the many lights in the upper chamber at Troas, during Paul's preaching, were, " most likely," " burning to give honor to the blessed sacrament which was going to be celebrated in the early morning." " A Little Catechism for Little Catholics," drops into poetry, of which a specimen is : Once each month to my confession, And to my communion go, At confession I will always Tell out every sin I know. " Children at the Altar" gives hymns, of which this is a verse:- 0, see! within a creature's hand The vast Creator deigns to be Reposing, infant like, as though On Joseph's arm or Mary's knee. Sweet sacrament, we thee adore, O make us love thee more and more. "The Catholic Religion," by Mr. Ver-non Stacey, openly mourns the loss of ex-treme unction, the ceremony for which is introduced. " The Ceremonial at the Altar " is very explicit on the subject of fasting before communion. It warns the priest that the taking of a lozenge, or the sipping of a glass of water, breaks a fast as effectually as a hearty meal. The " Directorium Anglicanum " goes farther and enjoins that the priest shall not even cleanse his teeth, nor wash his mouth before mass, lest the taste of water mingle with his saliva. And it is a body that encourages such views which is at the back of the clericals on the London school board.ŠNew York Observer. Ł Peter's Sword. A CORRESPONDENT writes:Š The position taken by you, if I mistake not, is that it is wrong to use the sword of the State either to propagate or defend Christianity. How do you har-monize the instruction of Christ in Luke 22: 36, with the above positions ? This scripture, taken with its contexts and the recorded events following, and the SENTINEL'S position, are in perfect harmony. To show the harmony, the text with the two following verses are quoted : He that hath no sword, let him sell his garment and buy one. For I say unto you, that this that is written must be accomplished in me, and he was reckoned among the transgressors: for the things concerning me have an end And they said, Lord, behold here are two swords. And he said unto them, it is enough. The swords were not wanted for defense, but for the fulfillment of prophecY,Š"this that is written of me must be accom-plished." Two swords among eleven dis-ciples are declared to be " enough; " an-other proof that they were not wanted for defense. Only one sword was used, hence one was " enough." The , sword was wanted, to fulfill the prophecy,Š" he was reckoned among the transgressors [Greek, anontos, lawless]." Peter in resisting the arrest of his Master and striking the serv-ant, transgressed the civil law,' and as Christ was his companion, " he was reck-oned among the transgressors " or lawless  ones. There was in the disciples, and especially in Peter, some of the trans-gressor's spirit, manifested in the use of the sword in the garden (John 18: 10), and on other occasions. Peter and John pro-posed the murder of the unbelieving Sa-maritans (Luke 9 : 54), which showed an utter misconception of the spirit of the gospel, and a willingness to transgress the laws of the State. This instance of Peter's use of the sword brought to the surface the trans-gressor's spirit, and besides fulfilling prophecy, furnished an opportunity to re-buke the transgressors, and to forever forbid the use of carnal weapons in the defense of Christianity. This lie did in healing the wounded ear (Luke 22: 51), the Lord's last miracle before his cruci-fixion, and in the words, " Put up again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." Had these words been obeyed by all of Christ's professed followers from that day to this, it would have prevented the murder of millions of martyrs. THE Monitor, a Roman Catholic paper published in San Francisco, has this to say about the Independent of this city :Š There is a paper in the East called the Independent. It is one of the ablest Protestant papers of its kind in the world. But it is broad-minded, generous, and truthful according to its light. While it is a thorough-going Protestant organ, yet it speaks of the pope's encyclical in terms of deep sympathy and it pays tribute to his piety and sincerity. If all the others were like the Independent how soon the Catholics and Protestants would learn to like each other better as they knew each other more. To get the full significance of this it is necessary to bear in mind to what the pope's encyclical invites " the peoples of the world." This the encyclical itself does not tell, but the article entitled " Saint Wor-ship," on another page of this paper re-veals something of the nature of the feast which Rome has prepared for her guests. Truly, " if all the others were like the Independent how soon would the Catholics and Protestants learn to like each other better ; " yea, how soon there would be no Protestants even in name, and all the world would be worshiping finger bones of the various saints, and other objects .4 popish superstition. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, A SIXTEEN-PAGE Weekly Religious Journal. Doctrinal, Practical, Earnest, Protestant, Scriptural, Christian. This really two dollar paper will be furnished at the following PRICES OF SUBSCRIPTION: Single Copy, One Year, Post-paid, - - $1.50 -Single Copy, Six Months, Post-paid, - - - .75 In Clubs of Ten or More to One Address. Post-paid, - 1.25 To Foreign Countries in POstal Union, Post-paid, - ($2) 8s. Address, Signs of the Times, 12TH AND CASTRO STREETS, OAKLAND, CAL., U. S. A. California and the Pacific Coast. A GOLDEN opportunity is offered to parties intend-ing to visit California. Rates are lower than -usual and a weekly tourist car-line over the West Shore Railroad, under the management of Messrs. A: Phillips, and Co., make the trip at this time one of economy and pleasure. Ł - Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over the land. Agents wanted. 50 per cent. commission year 20 cents. Terms, and sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGHT, 40 Green, Street, Brattleboro, Vt. RPRISON LIGHT Edited by one sending the FA_rir it-110JECS OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. History repeats itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know HOW TO AVOID ERROR IN THE FUTURE must know how errors have developed in the past. The "Fathers of the Catholic Church" shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the principles of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adoption of these principles by prominent men in the Church, and the incautious lowering of the stand-ard of pure Christianity, developed the papacy, which was simply a new form of paganism, The chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English Cloth, Substantially Bound, CONTAINS ABOUT 400 PAGES, Will be Sent Post-paid for $1.00 IS THE PAPACY IN ,PROPHECY?  THE Rev. Thomas W. Haskins, M. A., Rector Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal. The above is the title of a treatise written by the author, at the request of the Ministerial Union of Los Angeles, California. It grew out of a discussion upon the present aspect and aims of The Roman Catholic Church in the United States, the author taking the ground that the rise, progress, present and future condition of the temporal power known as the Papacy, or Vaticanism, Is Outlined in the Prophecies of Holy Scriptures, with sufficient accuracy to determine what the " Papacy " is, and what is to be its future develop-ment and ultimate end. Paper Covers, - - 25 Cents. Cloth Covers, - - - - 60 Cents. Mailed, post-paid, on receipt of price. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. No. 1. No. 2. No. 3. No. 4. No. 5. No. 6. Russia leather, for 2 pens ., 3 " Sealskin, 2 " <, 3 ,, Russia leather, for 4 " Sealskin, 4 " 10c. 15c. 15c. 25c. 25c. . 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular -to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York Ciity. Kansas City. Mo, Oakland, Cal. nipsSarTp111.el  dPot,75c. Covers to order. Price List-4-- Free. H. H. BALLARD, 193, Pittsfield, Mass. 