THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 343 " The idea that liberty means the priv-ilege of doing as you please without re-gard to others, is anarchistic. The obe-dience to the powers that be is just as divine in its essence as that in observance of the seventh day of rest. Quibbling about the calling of a day seventh or the first is childish at this period of the world's history. " If imprisonment and the chain-gang is too severe a punishment in the judg-ment of Tennesseeans for its citizens who break its Sunday laws, that is a matter which its citizens are competent to alter, but it would be easier to comply with the laws as they are. Yours truly, D. W. MILLER." "Chicago, Ill., Oct. 17, 1892. " MR. D. W. MILLER, " Editor Carriage World, " Cincinnati, Ohio. "Dear Sir: Your favor of the 8th inst., written I take it, to prevent your former letter being ' misunderstood,' has been re-ceived, and its contents noted. If there was any danger of your position, as pre-sented in your first letter, being misun-derstood, that danger is wholly removed by your second communication. I fear, however, that you misunderstand your own position, for I can not conceive how you can understandingly hold the views your letters contain. " With a view to converting you from the error of your way, I will state your position in its true light. This letter is inspired with a brother's interest in you, but I shall be frank, for I believe your case requires `heroic treatment.' " You believe (1) `the seventh day to be the divinely appointed Sabbath' ; and (2) that ' it is immaterial what day you count from' in ascertaining which day is the ' divinely appointed Sabbath.' You believe (3) that after you, with the ma-jority, have done the counting, and 'di-vinely appointed' the first day to be the seventh day, that it is ' necessary to en-act civil laws to insure its observance' ; and (4) after you have ' divinely ap-pointed' the first day to be the seventh day, and secured the enactment of a law enforcing your opinion, ' it is difficult to conceive of any good reason for changing it.' You further believe that ' those peo-ple who can not abide by our laws (laws made to enforce the observance of the seventh day on the first day) ought to go to some other country.' You suggest (5) the Desert of Sahara (not an oasis in that desert where human life might be preserved, but the uninhabitable waste of burning sand) as a place favorable to the carrying out of their plans without mo-lestation.' "You believe (6) that when Christians refuse to accept your `divinely appointed' count and prefer to obey the command of God,` Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any work,' and patiently suf-fer the penalty of your law in the chain-gang, that their conduct is `anarchistic.' " You believe (7) that ' obedience to the powers that be (when you are in power and desire to enforce your views of the fourth commandment on others) is just as divine as the commandment requiring a ' seventh day of rest.' You do not believe with the Apostle Peter that ' We ought to obey God rather than men'; but on the contrary you believe (8) that we ought to obey men rather than God. "You believe after your ' childish' ' quibbling' by which you come to the conclusion that the seventh day of the Bible, the almanac, and all history, is the first day of the Bible, the almanac, and all history, that (9) ' quibbling about call-ing a day the seventh, or the first, is childish at this period of the world's his-tory.' " You do not favor even the modifi-cation of the laws which place Tennessee Christians in jail and work them in the chain-gang for laboring on their farms six days according to the commandment; but believe (10) `it would be easier to comply with the laws as they are.' You believe (11) in religious liberty(!) " Hoping that this frank statement of your position may lead you to discover its media3val tyranny, and as a result, effect your conversion, I am, Yours for religious freedom, A. F. BALLENGER." NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. A COMPLAINT against street pavers, in the city of Detroit, Mich., for working on Sunday in the neigh-borhood of a church has developed into an organ-ized crusade against all Sunday labor. The oppor-tunity has also been taken, in one pulpit, to antag-onize that clause of the commandment which says " the seventh day is the Sabbath," and also those who observe that day. ACCORDING to the Oxford Leader, the Mayor of Oxford, Iowa, has just issued the following procla- mation :Š Oxford, Iowa, Oct. 6, 1892. To the business men of Oxford: You are hereby requested to keep your' public places of business closed on the Sabbath days, on and after the publication of this notice, or suffer the penalties of the law and ordinance of the in-corporated town of Oxford. A. J. DARNER, Mayor. THE Marlowe Theater, at Englewood, the Chicago suburb, where the Sunday closing excitement raged so hotly some time ago, is again open on Sunday evenings, and unmolested. The managers of the theater give as their reason for opening Sunday nights, that the church people did not live up to their agreement to patronize the theater six nights in the week, and they were, therefore, not bound to keep their part of the contract to close Sunday nights. Now, perhaps, the Sunday closing faction of Englewood will deny that this agreement and alliance was ever made. THE Leader, of Altus, Texas, referring to the Sunday laws of Tennessee under which the late prosecution of Seventh-day Adventists has been held, says :Š The same law encumbers the statute books of nearly every State in the Union, while the Consti-tution of each guarantees to every man the right to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. Such prosecutions can only be classed as persecutions. And they are persecutions, pure and simpleŠnothing more, nothing less. THE Centralia Enterprise, of Centralia, Wis., commenting, editorially, upon the imprisonment of Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee, says:Š Wendell Phillips used to say that persecution is but a confession of lack of faith in one's own con-victions. It really seems that way, when one sees a brutal majority enforce laws which, on their very face, violate the plainest dictates of right and rea-son. It is true that religious laws do violate the plain-est dictates of right and reason. The Enterprise  can see this to be a fact. Who can tell what blinds the mental vision of Sunday-law advocates and hardens their hearts, that they should be willing to do these things which are so clearly unjust and cruel? THE French Senate has adopted a resolution, by a vote of four to one, which declares that Roman-ism is dangerous to social peace and the rights of the State. Row long will it be before Congress or the Supreme Court will be asked to decide, by some such measure, that this is not only a "Chris-tian Nation," but a "Protestant Christian Nation"? This time is likely to come soon. When it does come it will not result in a separation of Roman Catholicism from the State and the Government, but quite the contrary. It will result in a coalition of the three. "National Reform Success Means Religious Persecution" Is an excellent publication to loan or give to those who think that there is no dan-ger in the National Reform movement. It is No. 26 of the Sentinel Library and costs one cent per copy; 50 cents per hun-dred. "Union of Church and State," No. 31 of the Sentinel Library, shows just what may constitute a union of Church and State, and is just the thing for those who imagine that nothing of the kind is possible in this country. This tract should have a wide circulation. Its price is also one cent per copy; 50 cents per hundred. " Why We Oppose Religious Legislation" Is an excellent tract to put into the hands of your neighbors and friends to explain to them your attitude toward Sunday laws and kindred measures. It is No. 21 of the Sentinel Library, and will cost you only 3 cents per copy, or $1.50 per hun-dred. A single copy might be loaned to, and be read by, several of your neighbors. " A Civil Sabbath," No. 30 of the Sentinel Library, is just the thing to expose the fallacies of the so-called " civil Sabbath " argument. More people are astray on this question than on almost any other bearing upon religious legislation. The candid can be set straight on it at the cost of one cent each, for that is the price of this tract; or one tract might be loaned to several readers which would give still greater results at very small ex-pense. This tract will also be furnished at 50 cents per hundred. "In the Chain-gang." READER, have you done anything to assist in circulating that excellent tract, " In the Chain-gang for Conscience' Sake," noticed in this paper three weeks ago ? If not, be sure to send at once to the National Religious Liberty Associa-tion, Battle Creek, Mich., for a good sup-ply, and then scatter them among your neighbors. This tract is a brief history of the persecution of Seventh-day Advent-ists in Tennessee; it costs only fifty cents per hundred, and will surely be read by everyone who sees it. Address all Orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 12th & Castro Streets, °extern), CAL. 43 Bond Street, NEW YOWL. 