THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 277 predicted all sorts of dire results that have not followed. We find in one of the religious newspapers of the State that a comprehensive inquiry has been made in nearly all the civilized countries of the world, to get a view of the condition of Sabbath observance that shall include them all. The question addressed in each case by the reverend gentleman who prosecuted the inquiry was : " Where have you seen'the best Sabbath observ-ance ?" A San Francisco pastor answered : Amongst the Christian people of California." The inquiries and answers were wrought into a book published in 1885, in which the investigator records this conclusion : " Both laymen and min-isters say that even in California the Sabbath is better observed and Christian services are better attended than five years ago." And this was after two years' experience of no Sunday law ! The appearance of the word " even " in the verdict is slightly offensive. Even in California," as if from-such sons of Belial but little is to be expected. California is the only State in the Union where the law and the gospel are independent of each other, and where the day of rest and the day to be kept holy needs no law to enforce its, observance. Instead of being a sign of retro-gression and impiety, it is a sign of progress. up to that pitch of respect for the day and tolera-tion of the convictions of those who lay by the garments of worldliness on different days, that need no spur of the law, no detective espionage, no judge nor jail to vitalize them. Instead of .being the odium of the State it is its special glory and greatest credit. There is no room for compulsion in matters of re-ligion. The Mohammedans believe in it. When they conquested Persia and converted it by force to the doctrines of the prophet, they made merry at seeing the Parsees, whom they had circum-cised by force, continue their prayers to the sun. It seemed a great joke to them that the fire-wor-shiper should not know that he had changed his supernatural allegiance and was wasting his time asking protection of a power from which he had been surgically alienated. Really, Sunday laws have no higher origin than had this Mohammedan idea of conversion by duress. California has shown that such laws are unnecessary to the ob-servance of one day of the week as a season of testimony to faith in things unseen. More faith-ful testify now than before. The State no longer beats the bush for the Church, but the Church gets more game than ever. We commend these facts and this example to the other States, hoping that their people will become as we are, devout and devotional, without being driven by the club of the law.ŠDaily Alta California, August 4, 1889. Mr. Crafts in Riverside, Cal. FROM the Plicenix, of August 31, we-clip -the following report Last Monday evening, Mr. Crafts, of New York, lectured in the Congregational Church on behalf of the American Sabbath Union, or what he calls the "American Sabbath." The working classes were especially invited to come out, but they were conspicuous for their absence. The church Was about two-thirds filled, mainly by church people and advocates of a State and Na-tional Sunday law. Considering the fame of the speaker, such a turnout does not argue much. in favor of a Sunday law in Riverside. Mr. Crafts is field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, and is a-  good specimen of what might be termed muscular Christianity. He is a fluent, forcible, and pleasant speaker. Phreno-logically speaking, no one would take him for a logical speaker or an intellectual giant, neverthe-less he would be inclined to carry conviction to a certain class of minds. We doubt, however, whether he made a single convert to his views; indeed, there were few at the meeting who would be inclined to dissent kohl any views expressed by him. What Mr. Crafts lacks in logic is made up in force, and what is wanting in argu-ment is made up in assertion. The workingman has nothing. to gain from the American Sabbath Union which proposes to give him a rest on Sunday. We have never heard that the workingman complained of over-work, but,  rather of lack of  work,- and so when the workingman asks for work, and wants to be relieved of the incubus of Chinese labor, the American Sabbath Union tells him, We want to give you a rest on Sunday. Mr. Crafts claims that the American Sabbath Union is indorsed by the Knights of Labor. This we deny. There are estimated to be 1,000,-000 idle workers in the United States, and the American Sabbath Union proposes to help them by giving them a holy day on Sunday, so devoid of anything in the Shape of rational amusement that they will be forced to go to church in sheer desperation. Compare the stone, which the church proposes to give the workingman with what he himself is asking for. In the International Workers' Congress, held in Paris a few days Łago, the workers agreed on "Eight hours as a maximum day's work to be fixed by international law." "At least one day's holiday to be given each week.". "Abolition of night work as far as practicable for men and entirely for women mid children." "The total suppreSsion of labor by children under fourteen and protection of children up to eighteen." "Prison and workhouse labor to be conducted under the same conditions as free labor, and to be employed as far as possible on great public works." Mr. Crafts' arguments were a tissue of sophis-tries. He claims that eighty per cent. of the people of the United States are Protestants, ten per cent. Catholics, and the remaining ten per cent. is made up from all classes. From what he says, one-half million of foreign-ers, " unwashed refugees, professors of liberty," are the sole cause of Sabbath-breaking, while the AMERICAN SENTINEL counteracts all the influ-ence of the American Sabbath Union. It would be hard to say just what Mr. Crafts wants. Jesuitism is by no means confined to the Roman Catholic Church, and there are many in Protestant garb who think the "end 'justifies the means." The subversion of our civil and relig-ious liberties will be the result if the American Sabbath Union can have its own way. This country is great and prosperous because it is free politically and religiously, and wherever the civil power is controlled ,the most by the re-ligious,power, there is the least freedom. Not by accident, but by design, is the absence of any religious test in our State and National Constitu-tions, and long may it continue to be. The bat- tle of civil freedom has been fought on this conti-nent for the whole civilized world, and as ap-pearances go, the final battle of religious freedom will also have to be fought on our soil. When the day comes that the religious arm controls the civil arm, there will be an end of our greatness. Ł Danger Ahead ! THERE are always two sides to every- question, yet "the other side" of many of the most impor-tant questions usually has but few champions in press, pulpit, or public, because although possess-ing even more intrinsic merit than the opposite side, it is unpopular, or perhaps, more properly speaking, unfashionable with "sawsiety." Such is the case with a number of questions which have been submitted -to -the'befisideration of the Con-. stitutional Convention at Olympia, most promi-nent of which are : God in the Constitution, "Sun-day rest," and exemption of church property from taxation. Unfortunately there seem to be few of the members, who have given "the other" side any study and who understand the true in- tent of the measures. . While an apparently harmless sentiment in itself, the recognition of that force which rules the universeŠpossesses deeper meaning in the preamble than many people imagine. What is the true meaning? Circumstances indicate this to be the entering wedge, the preliminary step, towards the union of Church and State, and the restriction and eventual suppression of religious liberty. The future is best judged by the past and present; the true meaning of this union is written in blood upon the pages of history. . . That some kinds of laws seem to be necessary to preserve order and protect society there can be no doubt; but no special Stulday laws are re-quired, because that day is no better than any other day; what is proper to be done on any day is proper to be done on Sunday, and what should not be done on a week day should not be done at all. The advocates of this measure, however, seek to establish a false standard of right and wrong,Šthat an act done on Sunday .is wrong, while the same act performed on any other day would be meritorious. It is not the day when an act is done that makes it either right or wrong, but it is the intrinsic features of that act. Can you truthfully deny this, my Chris-tian friend ? While one class of Christians recognize Sunday as a day of worship and rest, there are others who devote Saturday to the same purpose; the Mo-hammedan recognizes Friday as his Sabbath ; while other classes recognize all days as alike holy. Those who keep Sunday and want legisla-tion for that day ask that other people shall be forbidden to pursue their usual avocations on that day, because it disturbs their rest and 'or-: ship, and they claim their rights are not properly protected; yet they seem to ignore this principle by refusing to abstain from work on Saturday, when they may possibly disturb the Sabbath rest and worship of the Jew and Adventist. Are not the rights of the Jew and Adventist (who with the Liberal, Spiritualist and Agnostic oppose Sunday legislation) entitled to as much respect and protection as those of the Methodist or Presbyterian ? The liberty of the latter class;  to worship who, when, where, and in what man-ner they please is not denied, and present laws afford ample protection from disturbance. We contend that if we wish to make our "day of rest" a holiday, to engage in such-recreations and 1 