AMERICAN SENTINEL. 459 prayer attached to the Shrine was composed by the great St. Bernard, and those who recite it devoutly receive three hundred days' indulgence. There can be no more welcome faces in our homes than those of Jesus and His Blessed Mother, and this Her Image will serve to remind us that, in the midst of the mortal perils of our lives, Mary never deserts Her faithful children. If we wish to honer her and secure her protection in life and death, if we desire to instil the love of her into the hearts of our childrEn, let us raise an altar to her in our dwellings, where we can kneel and implore her protection. To the the sick and suffering the sight of this Image of Mary will bring patience; to the dying, hope." In front of this image there was placed a card written as follows:Š "PETITION TO THE BLESSED VIRGIN. "Remember, Mary, tenderest-hearted Virgin, how from of old the ear hath never heard that he who ran to thee for refuge, implored thy help, and sought thy prayers, was forsaken of God. Virgin of virgins, Mother, emboldened by this confidence I fly to thee; to thee I come, and in thy presence, I a weeping sinner stand. "Mother of the Word Incarnate, 0 cast not away my prayer [Here mention your request] but in thy pity hear and answer. Amen. "[Indulgence 300 days.]" I send you these thinking that it might be pleasant and perhaps profitable for your readers to see for them-selves and know what an indulgence is and how they are used now. How much has Rome changed since the days of Luther? C. D. M. WILLIAMS Tucson, Arizona. .0 4, The "United Christian Party." WE mentioned briefly last week the session of the "United Christian Party," at Des Moines, Ia., and steps taken by them to make this Government a government of God. We give here in full the resolutions adopted at the meeting, taken from the Des Moines Leader, of July 6: "We, the United Christian Party, in State conven-tion assembled at Des Moines, Ia, July 4 and 5, 1899, acknowledge Almighty God as the rightful sovereign of all men and women, and the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler among nations of the earth, and that he is entitled to all the honor and glory and to whose laws all human enactments must conform to secure the blessings of peace and prosperity, do present the following declaration of principles:Š "That we, as a party, favor whatever tends to make men and women virtuous, intelligent and happy, and acknowledge that God gave us in his Word the founda-tion for law and a standard for justice through Christ for the government of all mankind. "We hold that all temporalgovernments derive their just powers from God through Christ and-by the consent of the governed. "We recognize the fact that there are many impor-tant reforms needed and that none of these can be . ac- complished until we acknowledge Christ and unite in his nameŠnot a union of church and stateŠbut a union of all Christian voters at the ballot box for the overthrow of the licensed saloon and all legalized wrong. "Therefore we, the United Christian Party, seeking the welfare of all the people, pledge our entire energies to the work of securing a system of government that will make reforms possible. "Believing that it will be impossible to secure direct legislation without a union of all Christians, we ask all his followers, regardless of nationality, creed or color, sect or previous politics, to cooperate with us at the bal-lot box in making this a government which shall be in fact a government from God. "We do, therefore, declare for the adoption of the system of direct legislation known as the 'initiative and referendum,' together with proportionate representa-tion and the 'imperative mandate,' that the power of the people may be justly and effectually exercised; being governed in all things, law-making included, by the stand-ard, 'What would Jesus do?' "We, therefore, advocate this system of government and present it to the people as the only practical method of securing state and national reform. "Resolved, That we will not cast our ballots in any other than the name of Jesus Christ, and that we will endeavor to be guided by God the Father, Son and Holy Ghost.ŠAmen." CLERICALISM in politics is illustrated by events of recent occurrence in Belgium. The account says:Š "Riots promoted by Social Democrats have taken place in the Belgian Chamber of Deputies, and in the streets. Priests have taken part, among them the Abbe Dmans, who calls himself a Christian Democrat. He predicts the advent of universal suffrage, and two thou-sand persons accompanied him to the train singing 'The Marseillaise.' A revolution would have ensued if the gsvernment had not yielded in the matter of willingness to consider an amendment to the reform bill securing representation to minorities. In Belgium the extortions and exactions of the Clerical Party account for the ran-cor. The gerrymandering, is such that from nine hun-dred and ninety-six thousand votes the opposition in parliament has thirty-eight members, whereas the Cleri-cals, with fifty thousand less votes, have one hundred and fourteen members, and the electoral law which has provoked the riots was intended to assure this predomi-nance to the Clericals forever." Just as soon as the churches and religious societies in this country go a little deeper into politics and be-come represented in the legislatures, there will be a cleri-cal party in the Government of the United States; and a clerical party in the Government here will act just as such a party has always done elsewhere; for all such par-ties are guided by the same principles. THE doctrine of the "divine right" of kings to abso-lute rule over their subjects, is of the same kind with that of the "manifest destiny" of one people to subju-gate and govern another people as they see fit. 