AMERICAN SENTINEL. 651 The Meaning of "Christian Citizenship." "Silver Creek Times." (Nebr.) RECENTLY in Chicago Rev. F. G. Strickland delivered a lecture under the auspices of the Christian Citizenship League. He said: "We must put our Christianity into practise and vote and work as we pray. The great po-litical parties of to day are tied up with the powers of evil, and we can expect nothing from them. We must cut loose from these parties and establish a political party of our own, its foundation to be the gospel of Christ. Such talk is revolutionary, tending as it does to the destruction of one of the foundation principles of this Government, namely, the separation of church and state, and in practise would be an evasion of that clause of the Constitution which reads, "no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States," for a political party organized on the basis proposed would inevitably re-quire that candidates for office should be members of some orthodox church. But such a party would also be destructive of Chris-tianity itself if it should ever bid fair to become a ma-jority party, for the reason that in such case graceless and supremely rotten politicians all over the country would make haste to get converted and join that party and it would soon become one of the worst parties that ever existed, and Christianity would be just as bad. Let us hope that the Christian Citizenship League will be of few days and full of trouble if it is to follow the advice of Rev. Strickland. The Issue between England and the Boers. A GREAT mass meeting of citizens was held in Car-negie Hall, this city, the 11th inst., to express sympathy with the Boers in their struggle for independence. Mayor Van Wyck presided, and in a brief address stated the substance of the events which have led up to the present situation. The facts of this history make plain the hypocrisy of Great Britain in trying to cover up her imperialism by talk about the grievances of the "Uit-landers" "In the 1815 division of the world, Cape Colony was transferred by Holland to England. They finally, to avoid oppression, trekked one thousand miles in the wilderness from time to time and place to place, until they crossed the River Vaal, into the most sterile part of that continent, known as 'no man's land,' and disowned by the English. "They were there in search of peace, the right to govern themselves, wrest a living from the ungrateful soil and live under the laws of their own making. This religious, domestic, industrious and agricultural people had to struggle time and time again against the savage, but in the end made the Transvaal blossom. "In 1854 England, finding nothing in this God-forsaken land worth her consideration, hauled down the British flag, acknowledging the absolute independence of the Boers. "In the seventies the Kimberley diamond mines were discovered on the edge of the Orange Free State. Eng-land claimed them as purchased from a black chief, and the Free State surrendered them. "On April 12, 1877, England seized the Transvaal and told the Boers to trek it again. But they were so surrounded they could move on no further, so they re-volted, and on Dec. 16, 1880, issued a declaration of independence. . . . "On Jan. 28, 1881, they defeated the English at Laing's Neck, their battle of Saratoga. Feb. 26, 1881, they defeated the English at Majuba Hill, another York-town for England. "On March 21, 1881, a treaty was entered into re-serving to England a limited suzerainty. In 1884 an-other treaty was entered into in which the word suze-rainty was dropped and absolute independence was - granted, except that the Transvaal agreed not to make treaties with other neighboring countries, except the Orange Free State, without England's cooperation. Once again the Boers were happy. "In 1885 the gold mines were discovered in the Transvaal, now producing one-third of the gold product of the world. The nomads of the mining camps of the globe hastened to these new fields in suoh numbers that there were soon three of them to one Boer. "In the meantime Cecil Rhodes had made one big chartered trust of the Kimberly mines, the most valu-able business enterprise of the world, and, desiring to do the same with the Transvaal gold fields, inspired the Jameson invaders in their attempt to overthrow the Dutch Republic. They were defeated, in 1896, at the battle of Doornkoop, their battle of New Orleans. "Rhodes conceived a new scheme for the control of the Transvaal. The English government demanded the enfranchisement of the miners and the use of the Eng-lish language in the Volksraad (Congress). "The refusal to surrender their country to the min-ing camps is the only cause of war that the history of the present controversy discloses." Why We Cannot Interfere. "Boston Post." THE real reason is that the United States is engaged in the same business in the Malay Archipelago that Great Britain is engaged in in South Africa. Further-more, the United States, as we see it, is acting with less provocation than England has received. In this Mr. McKinley certainly preserves consistency. He cannot put himself in the attitude of deploring the conquest of coveted territory by Great Britain, while engaging this country in a war of conquest for like agŠgrandizement. He cannot affect horror at the shooting of Boers in South Africa for the purpose of establishing the suzerainty of Great Britain over that republic, while killing Filipinos in Luzon for the purpose of establish 