AMERICAN SENTINEL. 633 IT seems to take people a long time to learnŠif in-deed they ever will learnŠthat there cannot be good gov-ernment in a republic without good people. The more good people there are, the better will be the, government, because the less government will be needed, and the peo-ple can be left more free to be a government directly to themselves. The problem of good government would be very much simplified if we could dispense with our prisons, our liquor saloons, our reformatory institutions, and our courts of justice. And the only reason that this cannot be done is that human nature is so bad that these things are absolutely demanded. * THERE is less good government in the land now than in the days of Washington, Jefferson, and Jackson, sim-ply because there are less good people in proportion to the population now than there were then. There are less people in proportion who are able to govern themselves, or who have, in other words, the virtue of self-control. * * BUT what will supply the lack? Will the ballot? or legislation? Manifestly nothing but good religion can make good people out of bad ones; only that can substi-tute something better for the fallible human nature which is at the bottom of all the trouble. What then must we conclude with respect to the outlook for national pros-perity when we see the forces of the church, which ought to be proclaiming good religion, turning aside from this to engage in politics, out of which no converting, sancti-fying influence can ever come? 1*- Ł -4 Law Against Sunday Cycling in New Jersey. "New York Journal," October 5. AN old New Jersey law was revived yesterday, and should a wheelman in that State ride on Sunday for any other purpose than that of seeking medical aid or going to church, he does so at his own risk, and is not under the protection of the law. Ł This was exemplified in the court of Justice William H. Harrison, of Hackensack, Bergen County. The complainants in the case were the Garlick broth-ers, of Paterson. They were riding a tandem through Rochelle Park on Sunday, September 19, when they were run into by a wagon driven and belonging to Henry Les-wing, of Rochelle Park. The result was a suit against Leswing, demanding $100 for the loss of the tandem.Ł  Prosecutor Stagg startled the court by citing the old and almost forgotten law. The judge looked embarrassed, but finally rallied and said:Š "The law extends no protection to law-breakers, and riding a bicycle for pleasure on Sunday is against the law of this State." Justice Harrison thereupon decided the case against the complainants. Jailed for Hunting on " the Sabbath Day." New York "Sun," October 5. JOHN F. ENGLER, twenty-two years old, of 237 Barrow St., Jersey City, took his gun on Sunday afternoon and went down to the woods at the foot of Claremont avenue in the Greenville section of the city. Game Wardens John Kerr, of Harrison, and George Kelly, of Essex County, who happened to be in the woods looking for violators of the game law, met Engler and arrested him. They haled him before. Justice Roe and charged him with vio-lating section 15 of the game law, which provides, "That it shall be unlawful to hunt with a gun, or with a dog, or with any firearms or weapons/ or to carry a gun in the fields or the woods on the sabbath day, commonly ' called Sunday." Justice Roe imposed a fine of $20. Engler refused to pay it and declared that he would take an appeal. The justice then committed him to the county jail for ninety days. , Engler will probably make an ap-plication for a writ of habeas corpus. >e-4  THE Sacramento (Cal.) Typographical Union has re-solved that its members shall not buy any goods on Sun-day nor patronize any store that keeps open on that day. In this matter the members of the union surrender their individuality to that of the organization, and in so doing, part with just that much of their God-given manhood The San Francisco Star approves the resolution. * 1,-4* .4 -4 THE newspapers report that in Pittsburg, Pa., a man who had been expelled from church membership, entered suit for, and actually obtained $100 damages for "loss of his spiritual life." It is silly enough in all conscience for a man to think that spiritual life consists of church-membership; but it is both silliness and perfect blunder-ing blindness for any court in the United States to enter-tain any such complaint and to put through any such case. However, in these days of the confusion of civil and religious things, the point has been reached where we need not be surprised to see courts doing the most senseless things possible. MR. JOHN STOFFELA, a merchant of Yuma, Ariz., was recently arrested and fined $50 for violation of a Sunday-closing ordinance passed by the common council of Yuma not long since. This ordinance is said to be the first Sunday legislation ever enacted in Arizona. Mr. Stoffela suffers this penalty for choosing to exercise his own judgment in the matter of keeping his store open on Sunday. It is his own store, and he takes the risk of any harm that may come to his trade from so doing; and this is all the risk that any person could reasonably be asked to run under such circumstances. "THE Lord is our judge; the Lord is our lawgiver." 