192 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, MARCH 23, 1899. PRESS dispatches announce that "Hanna's Syndicate" is plotting to rule Cuba. The plan is to lend the Cuban government about $20,000,-000, taking in return bonds which are to be guaranteed by the United States. The syndicate will combine politics with finance; using all its in-fluence to create sentiment in favor of annexation. It is believed by those interested in the scheme that a vote in favor of annexation can be psecured with comparative ease under ::the pressure of political and financial 1power which the syndicate is able to 'wield. THE other day nine negroes who were in jail at Palmetto, Ga., were seized by a mob of several hundred whites, led out with ropes tied around them, and shot, four of them being killed on the spot. The crime with which they were charged was not murder, but arson. The governor of Georgia has offered a reward for the conviction of any of the participants in this outrage. How reassuring this news would be to the black men in the Philippines, if they knew of it! They would be more than ever willing to be "benev-olently assimilated" into the Amer-- -  could not draw a line between negroes and white people on a basis of intelli-gence, or of wealth. Upon what basis can a line be drawn which will not put white people with the races sought to be excluded? Obviously, the principle of deriving governmental power from the con-sent of "some" of the governed, ap-plied in American politics, will sepa-rate not between races, but between classes; and the government will simply fall to the hands of those who have the power to take and hold it. The government will become an olig-archy, and from that the step is but a short one to a monarchy. That phraseŠ"the consent of some of the governed"Šcontains the seeds of a tremendous and bitter conflict. THE "benevolent assimilation" of the Filipinos is justified by the Gov-ernment's chief executive as follows:Š "Did we need their consent to per-form a great act for humanity? We had it in every aspiration of their minds, in every hope of their hearts. We were obeying a higher moral ob-ligation which rested upon us, and which did not,  require anybody's con-sent." In other words: I am doing some-thing to which you have decided ob-jections; but in answer to these I tell you that in administering your affairs without your consent I am only acting according to every as-piration of your mind and every hope of your heart. I am the judge ar hopes and aspirations (so of the proper means be realized. If you think open and aspirations are , it is because you don't ch about them as I do. u not feel flattered by Lion? asmoi, the Russian phil-Ind philosopher, says - way to attain general is for individuals to re-n the armies. He re-'s Peace Conference as iys he will remind it  that as long as governments will continue to require territory, inter-national conflicts will be inevitable. He will recommend, therefore, that first of all the various nations pledge themselves to call a halt on imperial-ism, and give all their colonial de-pendencies autonomy or independ-ence. There can be no real peace that is not the result of individual effort. Each individual can make peace for himself by refusing to fight; and only to the extent that this is done can peace prevail. So long as people are willing to fight, there will be war. Notice. MONEY should be sent to this office by Postal Money Order or by Ex-press Money Order or by draft on New York City. Checks or drafts on banks in other cities cost exchange. Small amounts may be sent in Post-age Stamps. If bills or coin is sent the letter should be registered. The Postal Money Order is the cheapest and safest. Pacific Press Pub. Co., Publishers American Sentinel, 39 Bond St., New York City. Back Numbers. BACK numbers of each issue of the year with the exception of Janu-ary 12 and February 26, can be obtained at this office. Our rates: One cent per copy in bulk, or one and a quarter cents per copy when wrappers are addressed to individ-uals, from list of names sent in. A Valuable Book Is just what the bound volume of the SENTINEL for 1898 is. To those in-terested in the subject and study of religious liberty it is indispensible. As a handy reference on all questions pertaining to religious legislation during 1898 it stands without an equal. Our prices are as formerly: $2.50 in cloth with leather back and cor-ners; in heavy manila paper cover, $1.50. Pacific Press Pub. Co., 39 Bond St., New York, publishers. 