AMERICAN SENTINEL. 507 the missionary vessel, the "Morning Star," to stop there; and says that in view of the forcible intervention of Spain and the putting a stop to the work of these mis-sionaries "the board deems it right to ask that whenever the status of these islands is determined, ample guaran-tee shall be required of whatever power shall hold sover-eignty, that perfect religious toleration shall be enjoyed by the islanders. As to what nation shall hold that sovereignty we have nothing whatever to say." Many things besides this go to show that in this conflict the pope can never impartially fill the position of arbitrator between Spain and the United States. What Is the Everlasting Gospel?ŠNo. 9. BY C. FL KESLAKE. A POINT to be noticed in the study of the everlasting gospel from Rev.14:6, 7, is that all people are called upon to "worship him that made heaven and earth, the sea, and the fountains of waters." The full force of this gospel requirement will not be grasped unless it is remembered that this special gospel message, as given in the text, is to be proclaimed at the time when it is sought to enforce, by civil enactments, the worship of the beast and his image. Another thing to be learned in this connection, and ever afterwards to be borne in mind, is that there is some-thing else involved in the matter of worshiping the beast and his image. It is true that "all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him [the beast, see context] whose names are not written in the Book of Life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world." Rev. 13:8. But it is equally true that in that thing there is somebody else who will be worshipedŠinevitably too. This will be seen by reading verse 4 of the same chapter: "And they wor-shiped the dragon which gave power unto the beast; and they worshiped the beast, saying, Who is like unto the beast? Who is able to make war with him?" The dragon here mentioned is fully brought to view in the twelfth chapter of Revelation. Verse 3 reads, "And there appeared another wonder in heaven, and, be-hold, a great red dragon, having seven heads and ten horns, and seven crowns upon his heads." Without going into an elaborate exposition of the dragon as brought to view in this chapter to identify the power thus symbolized, it will suffice for the purposes of this article to notice what is said of the dragon in chap. 13:2 (last clause), "And the dragon gave him [the beast] his power, and seat, and great authority." It has been abundantly shown in these articles that the beast is a symbol of the papacy. All that need be asked therefore is, What power (symbolized by the dragon) was it that gave to the papacy its seat (of goy--eminent) power and great authority ? The answer is easy. We know that the city of Rome is the seat of the papac; . But who controlled it before it became the seat of the papacy? For hundreds of years it was held by the Roman power. But Rome before the time of the papacy, and as distinguished from it, was pagan. And we know that after Constantine moved the seat of empire from Rome to Constantinople, that city finally became the seat of the papacy. Hence the dragon is used to symbolize pagan Rome. But it is not to be understood thus in its fullest sense; only in a secondary sense does the dragon symbolize pagan Rome. Primarily it symbolizes Satan. Of this we may be sure from the reading of Rev. 12:9: "And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent called the devil and Satan, who deceiveth the whole world; he was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with him." We may consider the dragon in both its primary and secondary senses, and it is still true that when the beast is worshiped, the dragon is worshiped also. Now it isby the enforcing of the mark of the beast that the beast it-self is worshiped. Therefore as the dragon (or pagan-ism) is worshiped together with the beast (papacy) it follows that in the mark itself must be found, while pro-fessedly a Christian institution, that which is essentially pagan. But the dominant worship in pagan Rome, as it was also of the world long before the days of Rome, was sun-worship. And the day devoted to the worship of the sun, and especially observed in its honor, was the first day of the week, and from which worship it derives its nameŠSundayŠconfessedly the "wild solar holiday of all pagan times." Now note: of all the pagan institutions ever devised Sunday is the only one claimed by professed Christians of this country and by them called a "mark." - Thus it is seen that Sunday is the mark of both the papa 'y and paganism, and the only institution that can pos-ibly answer to the "mark" of the prophecy. Now a few questions: Can righteousness have fellow-ship with unrighteousness? Can there be any commu-nion between light and darkness? Can there be any agreement between the temple of God and that of idols? See 2 Cor. 6:14-16. "Doth a fountain send forth at the same place sweer water and bitter? Can a fig tree, my brethren, bear olive berries? either:a vine, figs?" James 3:11, 12. When all these questions can be answered in the af-firmative, then it can be truthfully said that Christianity and paganism can unite and be represented by one com-mon markŠSunday. And when Christianity and pagan-ism unite, then will it be true that Sunday is a part of the gospel. No; Sunday is a part of paganism, and belongs to the founder of paganism. But whoever he might be, of one thing we are absolutely certain,Šit is not Jesus Christ; and therefore he is not the author of Sunday. 