100114001101 010111 IP jlfffiiirjllli 1.111101 Illg111.1111o4 Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, JUNE 25, 1891. NUMBER 26. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY TR& PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLL AN, W. H. Me KEE. No protection any government can give is to be compared with the protection of individual liberty, and when that is in fringed upon then every patriot ought to be alarmed.ŠColorado Graphic. " THE spirit of republican institutions casts out and ejects as an extraneous and .foreign and ruinous element in its civil-ization, any preference by law to one set of religious opinions, to one system of re-ligious teachings, over another." "IT is not a question of majorities or minorities; for if the conscience of the majority is to be the standard, then there is no such thing as rights of conscience at , all. It is against the predominance and power of majorities that the rights of conscience are protected and have need to be." Ł-Ł  go'  THERE are no Sabbath laws in Califor-nia and no recognition of it on the statute books of the State. Labor of all kinds can be carried on without hindrance, stores may remain open for the transac-tion -of business as on any other day of the week, places of amusement may be open without interference from the au-thorities, while noisy demonstrations can go on as usual. But while there is the absence of all Sunday laws we must not draw the conclusion that there is no re-spect paid to the Lord's day. Truth com-pels us to state the fact that San Fran-cisco is a Sabbath-keeping city. The  drift is plainly in that direction. The moral sentiment of the people is largely in its favor, and with very rare exceptions you will find as much order and quiet in the streets as in some of our most favored Eastern cities.ŠNew York Observer. Be Careful What You Call It. AT a funeral in Millbank, South Dakota, April 26 last, there was distributet in the pews of the church in which theŁ funeral was held a number of copies of Woman's Christian Temperance Union leaflet No. 31, Sabbath Observance Department. A friend who was at the funeral sent us one of the leaflets. It is entitled, " Seventh Day Question Box, as Answered from the Lecture Platform by Mrs. J. C. Bateham." It is composed of eight questions, to which answers are given by Mrs. Bateham, and which on account of the cause which they represent are worth laying before the read- ers of THE SENTINEL. The first question and answer read as follows :Š Is it right to legislate on religious subjects ? Ł Answer. That depends upon what are called re-ligious subjects. In the wonderful arch of law on which all other laws are based, and which we call the ten commandments, the keystoneŠdropped there by God's own handŠis the fourth command-ment. It connects on the one side with our duty toward God, and on the other with our duties to-ward man. God speaks of this law as the two tables of the testimony. Now if we count the words and put half on the first table and half on the second, we find we have divided the fourth commandment and put the first part, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," on the first table where it belongs, as containing our duty to God. This is the basis of our Christian Sabbath. On the second table we have put the rest of the command, all of which pertains to our duty to man, and which is the basis of our civil Sabbath. No one asks Sab-bath legislation in order that the day may be kept holy ; that lies between God and the conscience. With reference to the second table, we legislate against murder, theft, adultery, and bearing false witness ; why not also to protect the rest day of the fourth commandment ? If one is religious leg-islation so are they all. So it seems from this that whether a thing is religious or not depends altogether upon what you call it, If you call it re- ligious, then it is such, and if you call it something else, then it is not religious. This in fact is the rule which is followed by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union and the other organizations that are working for Sunday laws. Every law that they propose is framed in religious phrases and proposes to enforce the relig-ious observance of the day, and yet they all call them civil laws. They call it a civil Sabbath and the observance which they intend to enforce they call the civil observance of the day; and of course that is what it is, because they call it that; and the religious words, phrases, and intent, of the proposed laws are all taken away by simply calling the thing civil. Then, on the other hand having thus committed themselves to civil and political things, when they are charged with being polit-ical organizations and with working for political power, advantage, and control, they assume an air of virtuous indignation and declare that they are religious organ-izations having nothing at all to do with politics, and that their work is altogether religious work. And then of course it is all religious because they call it that. If Jeremiah had only known of this rule, he need never have inquired, " Can the leOp-ard change his spots ?" He could have simply observed, The leopard can change his spots by calling them something else. In fact, whether he has any spots at all or not, depends altogether on what are called spots. This is a very pretty theory that Mrs. Bateham has framed for the dividing of the commandment and having the first half relate to God and the second half to man. Let us test it and see how it will work. Here is the fourth commandment as God gave it :Š Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maid-servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that hi them is, 