18 AMERICAN SENTINEL. as the Lord's day, as a day of rest, and to promote its observance as a day of religious worship." The bill met with considerable opposition throughout the coun-try; and -of this opposition "those who observe the Sabbath day" were a part. To check this opposition, an amendment to the bill was suggested by the N. W. C. T. U., at the great hear-ing that was held in the Senate Committee room, at Washington, D. C., Dec. 13, 1888. This proposed ex-emption, which was added to the Blair bill, reads as follows:Š "Nor shall the proVisions of this act be construed to prohibit or to sanction labor on Sunday by individuals who conscientiously believe in and observe any other day than Sunday as the Sabbath or a day of religious worship, provided such labor be not done to the disturb-ance of others." In January, 1890, again at the request of the N. W. C. T. U. and allied organizations, what is known as-the Breckinridge billŠ"a bill to prevent persons from being forced to labor on Sunday"Šwas introduced into the House of Representatives, in Congress, together with one of like nature in the Senate. The blank petitions, whichiwere circulated all over this land for signatures, and which, when signed, were presented in Congress, and in response to which the Breckinridge bill was intro- duced, read thus:Š "To the House of Representatives of the United States: "The undersigned organizations and adult residents (twenty-one years of age or more) of the United States hereby earnestly petition your honorable body to pass a bill forbidding in the United States mail and military service, and in interstate commerce, and in the District of Columbia and the Territories, all Sunday traffic and work, except works of religion, and works of real neces-sity and mercy, and such private work by those who religiously and regularly observe another day of the week by abstaining from labor and business, as will neither interfere with the general rest nor with public worship." In response to thiS petition, the Breckinridge bill, as originally introduced, bore this exemption,Š "Provided, however, that this provision of this act shall not be construed to apply to any person or per-sons who conscientiously believe in and observe any other day of the week than Sunday as a day of rest." And this exemption was especially claimed by the W. C. T. U. as that which they had "given." Another item in this connection is the fact that the same Dr. W. F. Crafts who helped the N. W. C. T. U. at Seattle in framing and adopting this substitute resolu-tion, was also the chief aid of the N. W. C. T. U. in fram-ing, introducing, and working for the adoption of the Blair Sunday bill and the Breckinridge bill; and he was their chief aid in circulating, securing signatures to, and presenting, the petitions that brought forth the Breck- inridge bill; and it was he who was also the chief instru-ment in framing all these proposed exemptions. These examples, therefore, give a very fair idea of what is meant by the phrase "the usual exemption," in the resolution adopted at the late N. W. C. T. U. con-vention. This is so because the persons concerned in the framing of this resolution are, in measure at least, the identical persons who framed all these exemption clauses. Now, let any one- examine. carefully every one of these exemption clauses, and see how much real exemp-tion "the usual exemption" "gives" to "those who keep the Sabbath day." The first one requires that whoever shall be exempted must "conscientiously believe in and observe" another day than Sunday as the Sab-bath. And even then it is distinctly declared that the law shall not be construed "to sanction labor on Sun-day by individuals who conscientiously believe in and observe any other day than Sunday as the Sabbath or a day of religious worship." And, further, that when this labor is done without the "sanction" of the law, it must "be not done to the disturbance of others." The actual reading of the exemption clause in the Breckinridge bill is that the law "shall not be construed to apply to any person or persons who conscientiously believe in and observe any other day of the week than Sunday as a day of rest." But the petition, in response to which that bill, with its exemption, was framed, shows the intent of the clause in the minds of those who originated it; and "the intention of the lawmaker is the law." Now notice how all embracing that exemption is, in the petitions that were presented, which called forth the exemption: nothing is excepted "except works of reli-gion, and works of real necessity and mercy, and such private work by those who religiously and regularly observe another day of the week by abstaining from labor and business, as will neither interfere with the general rest NOR with public worship." Nobody can have the benefit of the exemption from the requirements of the Sunday laws unless he meets all these strict require-ments, both'public and private. In short, the exemp-tion clauses which they have framed deliberately pro-pose to take cognizance and jurisdiction of the whole religious and concientious life, public and private, of those-who observe any other day than Sunday. And such is the nature of "the usual exemption for those who keep the Sabbath day." Nor is that all. It is found in actual practise that this "usual exemption" does not exempt; as indeed it was never intended that it should, and as its very nature prohibits its doing. In the late convention at Seattle, when this was before the N. W. C. T. U. for dis-cussion-, Mrs. Tomlinson, national superintendent of parlor meetings, told the convention that:Š 