AMERICAN SENTINEL. 1103 this awful truth. Here is one from the Denver Evening .Post:Š "Says Peace but Intends War. Russia's Part in the Oriental Overture about to Begin is Very Clearly Indicated. The czar has given the most pronounced vocal assurances of his peaceable inclinations and in-tentions. This was the necessary prelude. With that assurance taken seriously nobody can look for military movements in Russia. Yet 75,000 troops have left Tiflis in Transcaucasia for Baku on the western coast of the Caspian sea. From there they will cross at once to Krasnovodsk, whence they will proceed to Kanschka, the frontier station on the borders of Afghanistan. Events rapidly transpiring there make their advance on Herat a necessity. Believing inthe peaceable assur-ances of the czar, the British in India have of course nothing to fear, not until the Russians are massed on the Indian frontier. "It was probably an oversight on the part of the 'czar that he failed to couple with his peaceable assur-ances a statement that Russia is not making any prep-arations for war. He might have said that, for it is the truth. All preparations have already been made. In Siberia as close to the frontier of British India as it is possible to take them without crossing the line, 250,000 troops are now assembled. Meanwhile England is calling for volunteers to go to South Africa, the regular force having been exhausted. The British are depending on the ,ezar's peaceable assurances, and the czar on his army made ready for the fray. General Yonaff, recently des-ignated for the especially-important command of the Russian forces in the semi-Reitschensk district, has al-ready established his headquarters in Kanschka, while the Russian squadron in Port Arthur and in the Persian gulf is increasing. It is well to bear this in mind, to-gether with the peaceable assurances of the czar." And now word comes froin St. Petersburg that Rus-‚sian rule is about to be established in Persia through the medium of an immense loan payable in seventy-five years. The whole scheme is plain enough; Russia is forcing an outlet to the sea. If she cannot get it through the Dardanelles, she will be satisfied for the present with the Persian gulf. She assures England that she means peace, and for fear that England will interfere with her peaceful(?) intentions, she has amassed an army of 325,000 men on the Af2ban and India frontier to en-force respect for her peaceful assurances while she throws her web around Persia, and presses a little closer about the Sick Man of the East. "They say and do not;" they say, "Peace, peace, When there is no peace," and "when they shall say peace and safety,' sudden destruction cometh upon them." And who can say that the time has not come? Cripple Creek, Colo. "IT doesn't make any difference which day you observe as the SabbathŠany one day in sevenŠprovided you observe the first day of the week. If you don't -observe that day we'll lock you up." Is not this the logic of the complete argument in behalf of Sunday? Constitution vs. Commerce. THE problem with which the Government has to. deal in determining the political status of the newly-acquired island territoryŠthe conflict which is pre-sented between "sentiment" and trade interests, be-tween the demands of the Constitution and those of commerceŠis described in this quotation from an arti-cle on "Government in Our New Possessions," by Judge H. G. Curtis, of the Insular Commission, in The Outlook:Š "Free trade must, of course, follow any declaration or action which brings these islands within our boun-dary limits and makes them an integral part of the Union, because the Constitutional provision is impera-tive that rates of duty shall be uniform throughout the United States, and no duty can be charged on goods imported from any State. This includes territories and districts as well as states; otherwise we would collect in New York duties on goods from Arizona, and from New York to the District of Columbia or any other ter-ritory. "This is one of the fundamental provisions of the Constitution. It was the leading cause for calling the Constitutional Convention; it was the only reason as.., signed in the 'Virginia Resolutions' which started the movement for a Constitution and a more perfect union. The islands of Porto Rico and the Philippines can and would supply, with their soil and cheap labor, all the sugar which the United States could consume, all the tobacco which we could use, and all the semi-tropical fruits, rice, and many other things that could find a market in the United States. All would come in compe-tition with the products of this land, which we have so long striven to protect. "Free from all duty or control, all our tobacco in-dustries in eight States, all the infant and projected beet-sugar industri4;, and all the fruit-growing of Cali-fornia and Florida, would be. irretrievably ruined. Is the mere sentiment of giving to these people a territo-rial government or legislation passed by Congress worth the injury to our own people and productions which it must entail? Are not our own people, who have made this country great, entitled to some consid-eration? Shall we be driven upon these rocks by the baseless cry of 'imperialism' or `militarism?'" This only illustrates the inevitable difficulties in which the nation has become involved by the unameri-can policy of foreign conquest. The ship of state has to be steered between Scylla and Charybdis, and danger' is discerned upon only one Aide of the course. There are trade evils to be encountered if the Constitution is adhered to; but all the dangers they present are as nothing to those which lie in the way of what is now described as "outside the Constitution." Imperialism and militarism are rocks which have wrecked and are wrecking the greatest governments the earth has known. There-is no safety save in a return to the for-mer course. 