action of his creating breath, the soul of Mary was joined to a most pure body, for-ever virginal and immaculate like itself."f " However holy Joachim and Anne were at the time of their marriage, they were not yet sufficiently so to give such a daughter as Mary to the world. By multiplying their fasts, their alms, through so many long years in order to obtain this grace from God's goodness, they made rapid progress in perfection and in the love of God, and at length arrived at that degree of purity and holiness desired by the Holy Ghost." t " Thus mortification and sacri-fice had done their work in St. Anne and St. Joachim, purifying, refining, and not leaving in them even the shadow of defile-ment. God could take of that presanctified earth to create his well-beloved daughter,"§ " who, after God, sees none superior or equal to herself, either in holiness, in glory, or in power," II " pwer than the angels, holier than the archangels."* BUT why all these theological disputes, and furious contentions, and papal bulls of anathema, and infallible decisions in the Roman Catholic Church, concerning the " immaculate conception " of Mary and immaculate purity of St. Anne and St. Joachim ? It was to " sanctify the royal blood whence our Saviour was to be born." t Mary was declared sinless be-cause the blood transmitted " to Mary, was to form the Divine Flesh." t "St. Anne and St. Joachim " are represented as making themselves immaculate because " the blood of Joachim and Anne, passing through the most pure heart of Mary, was to become the blood of Jesus."§ AFTER the storm of contention is over and the Franciscans and Jesuits have won, and the thunder of the Vatican fin-ished the creation of a saviour, what do we behold ? We see a saviour whose blood was " purified " by " mortification and sacrifice" of his grandparents, and whose " divine flesh " was " formed " by blood " made" " purer than the angels, holier than the archangels" through his " grandmother " and grandfather's " mul- 1.  Id. p. 119. II Id. p. 71. p. 150. Id. p. 158. * Id. p. 72. t Id. p. 153. § Id. p. 102, p. 153. "If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 20, 1894. NUMBER 37.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, - - CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, EDITORS. A. F. BALLENGER, - - ASSISTANT EDTIOR. ON the eighth of December the Roman Catholic Church celebrates the " Immacu-late Conception " of Mary the mother of Jesus. Ł THE dogmatic term " immaculate con-ception," signifies that Mary was not " shapen in iniquity " and conceived in sin like the rest of humanity IN. 51 : ; and this dogma logically followed the one, previously proclaimed, that Mary never committed a sin; notwithstanding the dec-laration of God that " all have sinned." Ł THE papal discussion of the question of `.f immaculate conception," which was " infallibly " settled by Pope Pius IX. in 1854, was carried on for centuries between two powerful Roman Catholic societies, the Franciscans who violently favored it, and the Dominicans who violently opposed it. So furious and bitter was the conten- tion that Pope Sextus IV. published a bull in 1483, threatening to send both parties to hell if they did not stop calling one another heretics. At length the Jesuits took sides with the Franciscans and secured the papal decision of 1854. THE opponents of the doctrine, besides declaring it to be unscriptural, asserted that it was absurd, and said, " On the same principle you would be obliged to *" Manual of Devotion to Good St. Anne, by a Redemptor-ist Father." General Printing Office, A. Cott & Co., 1891. Imprimatur E. A. Cardinal Taschereau, Archbishop of Quebec. Page 285. t Id. p. 372. hold that the conception of her ancestors in an ascending line was also a holy one, since otherwise she could not have de-cended from them worthily."t The logic of this objection is apparent, and unless met it would necessitate the " immaculate conception " of Mary's whole pedigree, which would include David, who, speak-ing for the race as well as for himself, says: "Behold, I was shapen in iniquity; and in sin did my mother conceive me." Ps. 51 : 5. IN order to head off this fatal logic, some one who was born in sin, must later rise above this condition, be freed from human sinful flesh, after which, from these superhuman bodies, could be born "immaculate," or sinless flesh. ROMAN CATHOLIC tradition, which, ac-cording to the teaching of the church, is declared to be " more clear and safe " § than the Bible, says that Joachim and Anne were the parents of Mary the mother of Jesus.11 And it is by them, we are told, that the great feat of lifting the ancestry of Mary from sinful flesh to sinless flesh was accomplished. OF these traditional parents of Mary is stated that " they showed themselve3 always so perfect in their whole conduct, that one need not marvel that from such perfection should come forth the one whose luster is as the mirror of all goodness in ages past and to come."* BUT " St. Anne" and "St. Joachim" were not born sinless; how then was this perfection attained ? Let the cardinal-indorsed work ask the same question and answer it: " By what gradation of virtues and perfection did she [St. Anne] raise herself to make this thing possible ? Let us remember what Mary was from the first instant of her creation, and we shall then be able to form an idea of what must have been her mother. Must not the stem be worthy of the flower, and the vase worthy of the perfume it contains ? On leaving the hands of God, still under the t" Encyclopmdia Britannica," art. "Immaculate Conception." §" Catholic Belief," p. 45. 0 "Manual of Devotion to Good St. Anne," p. 5. * Id. p. 110. THIS unscriptural doctrine, which was " infallibly " proclaimed by Pope Pius IX. in 1854, is but one of a series of dog-matic decisions, covering many centuries, by which the mother of our Lord has been transformed into a goddess, crowned " Queen of the whole universe "* and " seated on the right hand of Jesus," " to fill the first place after God in heaven and on earth."f 