... — . ...... . ...... Equal and Sxact Justice to all Men, of' Whatever state or Persuasion, peligious or Political.--Thomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, MARCH 17, 1892. NUMBER 11. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED 'WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MCE-EE. ALL that civil law can properly do to-ward religion and be just, is to respect every form of religion, and favor none; to be neither hostile nor friendly to any, but simply be silent on the subject, as a mat-ter lying outside of its jurisdiction. THERE is no parallel whatever between Sunday laws and the laws specifying how many hours shall constitute a day's work. There is not a law in any State which pre-scribes what particular hours of the day shall constitute a day's work. There is no law that prohibits adult persons from working more hours than are prescribed as a legal day's work, If the legal day's work be eight hours, there is no law which prevents an adult person from working two such days every twenty-four hours, if the proprietor of the work be willing. DR. BONA R has well said that " a false zeal in religion is always, in some respect or other, misdirected zeal, or a zeal not according to knowledgeŠa zeal seeking some false end, or, while proposing to it-self a good end, seeking its promotion in some unauthorized way." This describes National Reform exactly. " Jehu," con-tinues the same writer, "had a zeal, which he called zeal for the Lord of Hosts. His fault was, not that he was too zealous, but that his zeal was really directed to his own advancement. The Jews, in the days of Christ, had a zeal for God, but it was so misdirected as to fire them with a frenzy to destroy the Son of God and extinguish the Light of the world. There are countless  forms of false zeal now at work; but in all cases they sin not by excess, but by mis-direction. Some are planning with zeal to spread some of the corruptions of Chris-tianity, and to carry men away from its great and cardinal truths." These words were not written of Na-tional Reform, but they are just as ap-plicable as though they had been penned with special reference to it. Sunday Laws Religious. IN an article in Our Day for January, 1891, Rev. W. F. Crafts said :Š It is significant that the American Secular Union, instead of condemning all Sabbath laws, asks only for the "repeal and prevention of all laws enforcing the observance of Sunday as a religious institution, ather than an economic one justified by physiolog-ical and other secular reasons." As there are no Sunday laws that enforce its religious observance, this "plank " " nailed on the fog," is waste timber. The words, " There are no Sunday laws that enforce its religious observance," which we have italicised, are not in form a denial that there are "laws enforcing Sunday as a religious institution;" but we will not charge Mr. Crafts with mak-ing a show of denying a thing, while de-signedly not doing so. Though not say-ing it in so many words, he must be under-stood from the connection as intending to deny that there are in this country " laws enforcing the observance of Sunday as a religious institution." A denial, however, is one thing; and the proof, quite another. And in this case, the proof in support of Mr. Crafts' denial is not only not forth-coming, but the facts prove exactly the contrary. To enforce " the observance of Sunday as a religious institution," can mean neither more nor less than enforcing the observance of it because it is a religious institution; and further, that the observ-ance required must in some degree be in keeping with the supposed character of the day. That all this is true of the Sun-day laws now upon the statute books of the several States is the object of this article to show. That the Sunday laws of the older States are derived largely from English statutes, will not be denied; and that the newer States have modeled their Sunday laws after the Sunday laws of the older States is equally true. It follows, that to learn the real character of Sunday legislation, we must go to the source whence it is de-rived. We have at hand, however, only a single English case (Bloxsome vs. Wil-liams, 5 D. & R. 82), decided in 1824, in which the judge said : " The object of the statute is to prevent persons keeping open shop and disregarding the decency of the Lord's Day." In New York in 1811, Judge Kent said of the requirement to keep Sun-day, that "the statute has for over a cen-tury recognized the sanctity of the obliga-tion, and punished its violators." In 1834, another New York judge (Boynton vs. Page, 12 Wend. N. Y. 57), referred to " the public order and solemnity of the day." In 1859, we are assured (Campbell vs. International Soc., 4 Bos. N. Y. 298) that the statute of New York " explicitly recognizes the first day of the week as holy time; and thus it has brought us back to the full, enlarged and absolute rule of interdiction which we find pre-vailed in the earliest laws of Christian States." Even as recently as 1882 (12 Abb. N. C. 455 N. Y.) we find this significant question " Is it not obvious that by rea-son of keeping a store open for business, a temptation is presented to those who have no regard for Sunday, as holy time, to violate the law ? " The Pennsylvania Reports furnish numer-ous similar cases ; for instance, we find (Jean-delle's case, 3 Phil. 509) a judge declaring that "the day is clothed with peculiar sanc-tity ;" while another jurist in the same State (Eyre's case, 1 S. & R. 347) declares that " Sabbath-breaking is a violation of a divine as well as a human law." In still another case (Johnston's, 22 Pa. 102) the judge said: "The learned counsel for the plaintiff has entered largely into the ques-tion of the origin and sanction of the Christian Sabbath. It may not be -essen-tial, but it is far from being irrelevant, to 