30 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. does. The gentleman greatly mistakes; the readers of the SENTINEL do understand it, and the SENTINEL thoroughly understands itself. As for Mr. Gault the SENTINEL can only repeat to him the answer that Dr.. Johnson once gave to one who said that he "didn't under-stand : " " I give you 'reasons, sir; I cannot give you an unclersktnding, sir." Then he informs us that if we should rea-son a moment we might discover that "among the things we must render to Caesar is one day's rest in seven." Well, let us reason a moment. Christ commanded : " Render to Cm-ear the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." Now how did CEesar ever come into possession of one day's rest in seven? The truth is he never came into possession of such a thing at all. The word of God. says, "The seventh day is the Sabbath [rest] of the Lord thy God." The Sabbath is God's. He called it "My holy day." It is "the Lord's day." And the Lord has never resigned to Caesar the possession of this day. Now as we are to render to Caesar only that which is Caesar's, and as the Sabbath is wholly the Lord's, therefore there never can be any obligation upon any soul to render to Caesar any such thing as the Sabbath or one day's rest in seven. Caesar has no proprietor-ship whatever in the Sabbath, and he has no right to any. And whenever he attempts to assert any such thing, he obtrudes himself upon the rights and preiogatives of God; puts himself in the place of God; and de-mands the obedience which is due to God alone. And that is the principle of all Sab-bath laws, and of Sunday laws, enforced by the civil power. And the SENTINEL is going to tell the people so. Religious Bigotry in Spain. THE land of the Inquisition, of somber cathedrals and bloody bull-rings, is more in-tensely Roman Catholic than Italy, and ow-ing to its comparative isolation is less influ-enced by modern* ideas of progress. Under the reign of Queen Isabel II., Matamoros, Carasco, and their friends, converted Bible-readers at Malaga, were thrown into prison and condemned to the galleys for professing Protestantism and assembling for religious devotion; in consequence of a strong protest of an international deputation of the Evan-gelical Alliance, the sentence of penal servi-tude was changed into exile (1863). The misgovernment and immorality of the queen resulted in, her expulsion from the throne (1868), and in a succession of civil wars. The Constitution of 1869 declares, in Art. XXI, the Catholic Apostolic Roman Religion to be the religion of the State, and imposes upon the Nation the obligation of maintain-ing its worship and its ministers. This is old Spanish. , The second clause grants, for the first time, toleration to non-Catholics in these words: "No person shall be molested in the territory of Spain for his religious opinions, nor for the exercise of his particular religious worship, saving the respect due to Christian morality." Very good as far as it goes. But  during the reaction under Alfonso XII., the Constitution was modified June 30, 1876, and the concession of toleration virtually nulli-fied by the addition: "Nevertheless, no other ceremonies, nor manifestations in public will be permitted than those of the religion of State." Thus the Constitution of 1876 re-stricts the liberty of non-Catholic worship to private houses. No church or chapel looking like a house of God, no tower, no bell, no pro-cession, no public announcement is suffered by law, and Protestant preachers and evangel-ists depend altogether upon the tender mer-cies of the local magistrate, priests and people. Notwithstanding, the Protestants continue to labor, under these disadvantages, in about fifty humble Places of worship in Madrid, Barcelona, Seville, San Sebastian- and other cities where more liberality prevails than in ignorant and bigoted country districts. At the census of 1877 it was found that sixty per cent. of the population could not read. On the other hand the Spanish Government has greatly diminished the material resources of the State Church. By two decrees of the Cortes, passed July 23, 1835, and March 9, 1836, all monastic establishments were sup-pressed, and their property confiscated for the benefit of the Nation. Portugal knows and tolerates no other re-ligion besides the Roman Catholic, except among foreign residents, who may worship privately in their houses, but not in a church. ŠDr. Philip Schaff, in Independent. 4.  Aims of the National Reform As-sociation. "My kingdom is not of this world; if my king- dom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews; but now is my kingdom not from hence." John 18:36. THE Jews expected the Messiah to establish a kingdom and enforce his teachings by laws and penalties of a worldly nature; and when they drew from him the confession that he was the Christ, and still disappointed their expectations, they brought him before Pilate with the charge of treason against the Roman Government. When Pilate asked him con-cerning it, he confessed, in the language of the text, and added, " To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness to the truth." Evidently, this truth. Pilate was convinced that Christ's kingdom was of a nature that would not in-terfere with human governments, and said to the Jews, "I find no fault in him at all." He could not have said this, had he understood that his kingdom was of a worldly nature, secured and maintained by political strife and physical force. When the soldiers went to take Jesus, Peter expected he would resort to force to deliver himself, and drew his sword to that end. But Jesus said, "Put up again thy sword into his place; for all they that take the sword shall per-ish with-the sword. Thinkest thou that I can-not now pray to my Father, and he shall pres-ently give me more than twelve legions of an-gels ? But how then shall the Scriptures be ful-filled that thus it must be?" Matt. 26:52-54.  He thus taught his disciples that turning to human power to advance his cause, was turn-ing from him who said, "Cursed be the man that trusteth in man, and maketh flesh his arm, and whose heart departeth from the Lord." Jer. 17:5. Neither Christ nor his apostles ever appealed to such power or authority to propagate their doctrines, or ever sought redress from that source. Christ said to his disciples, " Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise, authority upon them. But it shall not be so among you; but whosoever will be great among you, let him be your minister; and whosoever will be chief among you, let him be your servant." Matt. 20:25-27. There were to be no lords nor subordinates among them, but all were to be on equality under him. True religion is voluntary. Enforced re-ligion is a mockery. Paul says, "Though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh; for the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strong holds." 2 Cor. 10 :3, 4. In Eph. 6: 11, 12, he says, " Put on the whole armor of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil ; for we wrestle not against flesh and blood," hence no need of carnal weap-ons. The only weapon furnished in the Chris-tian armory is "the sword of the Spirit," "the word of God." This is the only one used, or authorized to be used, by Christ and his apostles, in propagating or defending Chris-tianity. The cause would doubtless have been far in advance of what it is to-day, if no appeal had ever been made to human force for its promotion, but had it been treated as entirely above worldly wisdom, power, or pol-icy. By what method and spirit do the National Reformers propose to accomplish their end ? They shall speak for themselves. I give them credit for being conscientious. Saul of Tarsus was also conscientious in trying to propagate his faith by legal and forcible means, and overthrow what he thought opposed it. And, like him, the National Reform Association are evidently doing what is "contrary to Jesus of Nazareth." Rev. M. A. Gault says, in the Christian Statesman :Š " Our remedy for all these malefic influences is to have the Government simply set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority be-hind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it." Suppose the Pope of Rome should be the one to interpret what the moral law enjoins, would Mr. Gault be satisfied ? But, of course, the National Reform Association expect to have that prerogative.ŠPerhaps.ŠWell, let us see what they intend to do. In their Ar-ticle V, declaring reasons for amending the United States constitution so as to make it a standard and guaranty of morality, Mr. Gault says:Š " We need it to correct our most unfortunate attitude under the first amendment, which re-strains Congress from prohibiting the free ex- 