"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 10. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 14, 1895. NUMBER 7.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, 1.  CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. F. BALLENGER, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. Christianity AgainSt Ritualism ŠThe Bible Against the Papacy. THE Monitor, a Catholic paper published in San Francis°, in its issue of January 12, contains an editorial notice, nearly a column in length, of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL, with especial reference to our "Nine Years' Experience," as related in the first number of the present volume. As the Monitor betrays a sad lack of understand-ing of the real purpose and work of the SENTINEL, and as it seems disappointed that we did not " enlighten " it upon cer-tain points in the articles referred to, we shall endeavor to help our contemporary to a clearer understanding of things. First, the Monitor says that the SEN. TINEL'S "ritual is summed up in the observance of the Saturday instead of Sunday; its belief is a wild and incoher-ent jumble of the Book of Daniel and the Revelations of St. John the Divine; and its morals consist in steady and un-limited abuse of the pope of Rome and the loudly dressed lady who sat on seven hills." This is incorrect in all its statements. First, as to ritual : In the sense in which the Monitor knows and uses the word, we have no ritual at all; for we have Christ, and he abolished in his flesh all ritualism. He abolished in his flesh the law of commandments contained in ordi-nances,Šceremonies, rites (Eph. 2: 11-18), Šin a word, all ritualism and ceremonial-ism; and to all who are in him all ritualism is abolished. He who has Christ has the very life and substance of all the forms of service and of..:.warship which he has appointed; then these cease to be mere ceremonies or rites, and become the expression of the living rc.lsence And power of Christ him-self in the life of the believer. This is the end of ritualism, of ceremonialism;  the end of " a form of godliness " without the power; the end of any employment of the form of baptism, or the form of the Eucharist, etc., as " means of grace," as they are employed in the Catholic system. " The law came by Moses, but the real-ity and the grace came by Jesus Christ." John 1 :17 (Syriac). Now, the whole Roman Catholic system is only one of forms, of ceremony, of ritual. In that system all such things are used as means, Šas " means of grace"Šwith the hope of thereby obtaining Christ; while with us any such things are used altogether as the expression of the grace, the presence, and the power of Christ which we already have by faith. Rome's is a system of sal-vation Š justification Š by works; while ours is the divine truth of salvationŠjus-tificationŠby faith. Therefore it is that we say that in the sense in which the Monitor knows and uses the word " ritual," we have no ritual at all. We do observe the seventh dayŠthe Sabbath of the LordŠit is true. But at the same time it is only as the sign and expression of the living Christ who dwells within the heart and life by faith. This is what Christ appointed it for (Eze. 20: 12, 20); and this is truly what it is. Without the real presence of Christ him-self in the heart and life by faith alone, the keeping of the seventh dayŠSaturday Šor the performance of any other service, is nothing. " For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth anything, nor uncir-cumcision ; but faith which worketh by love." Gal. 5 : 6. To propose to keep the Sabbath of the LordŠthe seventh day, SaturdayŠwith-out the living presence of Christ in the heart, by faith, is but to bear the sign without the thing signified; is but to have the form without the reality,Šthe form of godliness without the power,Šand is formalism, ceremonialism, ritualism only, and is precisely of the same nature, if it differs in degree, as is the Catholic system throughout. Ours is not this. On the contrary, it is the faith which takes Christ first of all as the most precious gift of God, and which finds in him the begin-ning and the end, the first and the last, the sum of all things good or right; in whom dwells all the fullness of the God-head bodily; and in whom alone all they  that are of faith are complete. This is not ritual : it is life itself, the life of Jesus made manifest in mortal flesh. 2 Cor. 4: 10, 11. And this is the difference between the Roman Catholic system with which the Monitor belongs, and the Christian system with which the SENTINEL belongs. The Catholic system is ritual and iniquity; the Christian system is Christ and the righteousness of God. The Sabbath of the Lord is the sign of the Christian sys-tem; the Sunday of the papacy is the sign of the otherŠthe sign of ritualism. As for our belief being " a wild and incoherent jumble of the Book of Daniel and the Revelations of St. John the Divine," the truth is, that we simply take the books of Daniel and Revelation, with all the other books of the Bible, as they read, and believe just what they say. If, therefore, what those books say is "a wild and incoherent jumble," then what we believe is also that; for we believe pre-cisely what those books say. We rather suspect, however, that what the Monitor says our " morals consist in," had something to do with its decision that our belief of the books of Daniel and Rev-elation is " a wild and incoherent jum-ble;" for it says that our "morals con-sist in steady and unlimited abuse of the pope of Rome and the loudly dressed lady who sat on seven hills." Now, as a matter of fact, we have not indulged in any such abuse at all. We have quoted the scriptures of the books of Daniel and Revelation which apply to the papacy. If that is abuse, then of course we have engaged in abuse; but in that case the Monitor ought not to lay the accusation against us. It ought to lay this charge against the Author of the Scrip-tures, for all that we have done has been to quote these. Of course the Monitor does not want to lay that charge directly against the Author of the Scriptures. Yet, knowing that these scriptures do apply to Rome, and not being ready directly to charge the Lord with " steady and unlimited abuse " of Rome, the Monitor would escape the dilemma by deciding that our belief (from which of course spring our morals) " is a wild and incoherent jumble of the Book of Daniel and the Revelations of St. John the Divine." We have no Particular ob. EDITORS. 