THF: AMERICAN SENTINM,. 227 Hammond, in his decision in the King case, wherein he says :Š The courts can not, in cases like this, ignore the existing customs and laws of the masses, nor their prejudices and passions even, to lift the individual out of the restraints surrounding him because of those customs and laws before the time has come when public opinion shall free all men in the man-ner desired. When such a standard as this is called for and upheld by both judges and priests, we may well join the lamentation of the prophet Isaiah, " None calleth for justice, nor any pleadeth for truth. . . . Judg-ment is turned away backward, and justice standeth afar off; for truth is fallen into the street, and equity can not enter. Yea, truth faileth ; and he that departeth from evil maketh himself a prey." The fact that conscientious observers of the fourth precept of that code which God himself spoke on Sinai and wrote with his own finger on stone, have been spied upon, arraigned before magistrates, condemned in the courts, and are this day confined in prison walls, is a sufficient comment upon and condemnation of such a standard, and attests to the correctness of the application of the scripture just quoted to the present condition of things in this Government. W. A. COLCORD. As It Was Then So It Is Now. LIKE the four Adventists now in the Henry County, Tenn., jail, the subjects of persecution for conscience' sake have al-ways been accused of contumacy. In pa-gan Rome, even those governors who cared little for the worship of the gods, and had nothing to gain either in wealth or in-fluence by persecuting the Christians, could see in their refusal to obey the laws made in aid of paganism, nothing but willful obstinacy and downright stubborn-ness. As related in the " Two Republics," they regarded such willful disobedience to the law to be much more worthy of con-demnation than even the disrespect to the gods. Such an one was Pliny, who said, " Let their confessions be of any sort whatever, this positiveness in inflexible obstinacy deserved to be punished." Many of the governors " would sooner pardon in the Christians their defection from the worship of the gods, than their want of reverence for the emperors in declining to take any part in those idolatrous demon-strations of homage which pagan flattery had invented, such as sprinkling their images with incense, and swearing by their genius." Still others were disposed to be favor-able to the Christians, to sympathize with them in their difficult positions, and to temper as far as possible the severity of the laws against them. And when the Christians were prosecuted before their tribunals, they would make personal ap-peals to induce them to make some con-cession, however slight, that would justify the governor in certifying that they had conformed to the law, so that he might release them,Šnot only from that partic-ular accusation, but from any other that might be made. Such governors would plead with the Christians to this effect, " I do not wish to see you suffer; I know you have done no real harm, but there stands the law. I am here as the representative of the empire to see that the laws are enforced. I have no personal interest whatever in this matter; therefore, I ask you for my own sake that you will do some honor to  the gods, however slight, whereby I may be relieved from executing this penalty and causing you to suffer. All that is required is that you shall worship the gods. Now your God is one of the gods; there-fore what harm is there in obeying the law which commands to worship the gods without reference to any particular one ? Why not say, The Emperor our lord,' and sprinkle a bit of incense toward his image ? Merely do either of these two simple things, then I can certify that you have conformed to the law, and release you from this and all future prosecutions of the kind." When the Christian replied that he could not, under any form or pretense whatever, worship any other god than the Father of the Lord Jesus Christ; nor honor any other by any manner or offer-ing; nor call the emperor lord in the meaning of the statute, then the governor, understanding nothing of what the Chris-tian called conscience, and seeing all of what he considered the kindest possible offers counted not only as of no worth but even as a reproach, his proffered mercy was often turned into wrath. He con-sidered such a refusal only an evidence of open ingratitude and obstinacy, and that therefore such a person was unworthy of the slightest consideration. He held it then to be only a proper regard for both the gods and the State to execute to the utmost the penalty which the law pre-scribed. Another thing that made the action of the Christians more obnoxious to the Ro-man magistrates, was not only their persist-ent disregard for the laws touching reli-gion, but their assertion _of the right- to disregard them. And this plea seemed the more impertinent from the fact that it was made by the despised of the despised. Is It in Christ's Commission to His Followers? THE Boston Traveler quotes the follow-ing from the Congregationalist:Š This is how the Church should enter politics. She should enter them in the person of every member. She should enter them through every door through which she can force her way. She should be found at the caucus. She should be heard from at the polls. She should make enough commotion to prove that she is alive at every session of legisla-ture, city council, or board of select men. She should know all about the financial situation of town, city, county, and State, and should do what she can to improve that situation. She should completely understand the manage-ment of the public schools, and determine the character of school boards and school teachers. She should have a most weighty opinion, carefully formed, and most enthusiastically expressed, re-garding every matter of public interest. Every member of the church should do all these things. We shall differ from and with each other in our conclusions about some things, no doubt, but if we have the right spirit, and if we engage in political life for the sake of our Lord and Master, we shall soon see the devil's hosts fleeing before the onset of the victorious army of saints. The title of this extract was, " The Church in politics." But where is the Church of Christ told to use any such methods in causing the " devil's hosts " to flee before it ? The position in the Con-gregationalist presupposes the idea that the nominal Church is right, and if its decrees could be carried out, sin and misery would vanish, and earth would be turned into a "paradise below." The Church of the Middle Ages thought the same thing, and the history of the ecclesi-astical tyranny of those times forcibly discloses the fatal mistake. A. 0. TAIT. Intolerance in Tennessee. LAWYERS may split hairs upon the ques-tion whether this is or is not a Christian Nation, but real lovers of liberty desire that there shall be in the whole land the ut-most realization of that absolute religious freedom and immunity from persecution for opinion's sake in matters of religion which it was the aim of the Federal Con< stitution to assure. It is true that mak-ing its own beneficent declaration for re-ligious freedom the Constitution left to the States absolute power on the subject, and any of them might if they chose establish a creed and a church and main-tain it, but such has not been the desire of any of them. Throughout the Union re-ligious tests in the matter of the elective franchise and of office-holding have en-tirely disappeared, save that the new State of Idaho has entered the Union contain-ing a _clause in its fundamental law dis-franchising members of the Mormon Church merely as such sectarians. This is a Christian Nation in the sense that it is not a pagan, a Mohammedan, or a Buddhist nation, but as Judge Cooley says, " The law does not attempt to en-force the precepts of Christianity on the ground of their sacred character or divine origin. Some of these precepts, though we may admit their continual and univer-sal obligation, we must nevertheless recog-nize as being incapable of enforcement by human laws. That standard of morality which requires one to love his neighbor as himself we must admit is too elevated to be accepted by human tribunals as a proper test by which to judge the con-duct of the citizen, and one could hardly be held responsible to the criminal laws if in goodness of heart and spontaneous charity he fell something short of the good Samaritan." He declares further that " Christianity is not a part of the law of the land in any sense which entitles the courts to take notice of and base their judgment upon it, except so far as they can find that its precepts and principles have been incorporated in and made a component part of the positive laws of the State." There is upon the statute book of Ten-nessee some such law regarding the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day, as is found in the statutes of Illinois, but it would be impossible in Illinois to give that statute any such construction as has been given in Tennessee, not by a State court alone but also by Federal court, whereby citizens of Tennessee have been subjected to most outrageous abuses of their liberty. There are in Tennessee, as in almost all other sections of the Union, persons who hold tenaciously to the com-mandment that the seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord. They do not follow the mass of Christians and substitute Sun-day for the ancient Sabbath. Having sacredly observed the seventh day these devotees pursue their ordinary vocations Sunday. In Obion county a citizen who plowed corn in his own field Sunday was prosecuted before a justice of the peace and fined. The fine was paid. Such pun-ishment did not placate the prosecutors. The man was indicted as guilty of the crime of public nuisance in that he had unnecessarily engaged in his secular bus-iness and performed his common vocation of life on Sunday, work represented as not necessary and not done as a matter of charity, and in the doing of which there was a disturbance to the community in 