96 SIENITINJEL VoL. 11, No. 12. *,- s— .ksŁb  4'NEW YORK, MARCH 19, 1896. or- A.;n, receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having orderer It may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. WE have been much impressed by the fact that the States having the largest proportion of Baptists have the worst Sunday laws. Did Roger Williams live in vain ? THE Commissioners of the District of Co-lumbia have reported adversely on the Morse Sunday bill, saying there is no necessity for such legislation and that it would work a hardship on the people. AT the present time there are in six States and the Dominion of Canada about a score of cases pending against Seventh-day Adventists for refusal to keep the statute-intrenched sab-bath of the popular churches instead of the Sabbath of the Lord. ROBERT T. NASH, a Seventh-day Adventist, was on the 10th inst. convicted at Aberdeen, Miss., of " violating the Sabbath" and was sentenced to pay fine and costs amounting to $27.80, or in default to spend nearly eight months in the chain-gang. His offense was hoeing corn on Sunday. THE trend of the English Church Rome-ward may be plainly seen in this fact stated by the London Echo : "Father Black states that the - number of the Anglican clergy in England and Scotland now engaged in hearing confessions is between 1,200 and 1,500; while the number so engaged fifty years ago might safely be reckoned under a score." A SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTIST at Pleasant Plains, Ala., has been indicted and will be placed on trial about the 27th of April for " forcing his children to labor on Sunday." The said children are all old enough to be members of the Seventh-day Adventist church, and work on Sunday from choice,but that makes no difference. Being minors the law does not permit them to have or to exer-cise any conscience; nor would the case be materially different if they were of age. The secret of this charge is that Alabama has no " law " forbidding voluntary Sunday work by the individual, hence the only way to reach this Adventist is by prosecuting him for " compelling " his children to work. WE have not heard the result of the Ad-ventist trials in Lake County, Tennessee, at the time of going to press with this paper,but doubt not that the accused were promptly convicted. The Adventists do not deny working on  Sunday. They do deny that such work is in any proper sense a nuisance, but they make no attempt to conceal the fact that they regard Sunday only as one of the six work-ing days. They feel that the fourth com-mandment leaves them no option in the matter: they must remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. God has by his divine com-mandment separated one day of the week from all the others, and duty to God requires that all who would obey him shall respect that distinction. This the Adventists do in all good conscience by treating the seventh day and it alone as sacred to rest and worship. To do otherwise would be to put no difference between the holy and the profane and so to deliberately sin against God. The work which these people do on Sunday does not disturb others, it does not prevent others from keeping the day if they so choose; it offends onliy religious prejudices and for this they are punished by the State of Ten-nessee. IN its regulations for its adherents during " Lent," the Catholic Church manifests its attitude toward the temperance question by the following, published " by order of his eminence the cardinal," in the Catholic Mirror (Baltimore), of February 29 : " . . Those who avail themselves of this indult are not allowed to use flesh meat and fish at the same meal, and they are earnestly exhorted to per-form some other act of mortification, such as abstinence from intoxicating liquors." Yet the Catholic Church in this country favors the Sunday excise law. THE Herold der Wahrheit, a Seventh-day Adventist journal published in Hamburg, has been prohibited in Russia, where it had quite an extensive circulation among the German colonists. As the Herold is wholly devoted to the presentation of Scripture truth, and has no political complexion whatever, this action of the Russian government amounts simply to an effort on the part of man to block the pathway of God's saving truth. As such it is a piece of folly; for God has said, "My word . . . shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it." Isa. 55: 11. This has proved true through all ages of time; but earthly governments seem never able to learn the lesson. A CORRESPONDENT in Pennsylvania writes us of an A. P. A. lecturer, who said recently, that he believed that the time was not far dis-tant when every Protestant preacher who would not spread the American flag over his pulpit and preach patriotism would be invited to step down and out and take a seat in the audience. " Another A. P. A. speaker," says our correspondent, " discussing the objects of the society, said, We want America for Ameri-cans; and we want one religion in America,' and that the American religion.' " Our correspondent wrote to the latter speaker, asking him if the A. P. A., as an organization, would indorse such sentiments. The reply was that he spoke only for himself, and that not all A. P. A.'s would go so far as he went, but that he believed that all would erelong. Of such sentiments our correspondent very pertinently says: " I can see nothing but Romanism in them." And there is nothing but Romanism in them. We do not believe that such utterances correctly represent the A. P. A. If we are to have a religious des-potism in this country it might as well be the despotism of the Roman Papacy as of an image to it. What the American people need to know to-day is the power of the gospel, the suffi-ciency and supremacy of the word of God, and the right of private judgment. Christian liberty, and not organized despotism, is the foe of Papacy and of priestcraft, under what-ever name it appears. THE San Francisco Examiner recently printed the murder statistics of the United States from 1886 to 1895, inclusive. The figures showed that the increase in this terri-ble form of crime has been steady and rapid, there being in 1895, 10,500 homicides,Šover seven times as many as were chronicled in 1886. And the indications for 1896 certainly do not now lead us to hope that we have reached a turn in the tide. Yet while the powerlessness of law to suppress the worst form of crime, or even to prevent its increase, is thus demonstrated, some religious "reform-ers " are pointing us to human law as a rem-edy for immorality and sin! Legislators are being urged more and more to pass laws which will Christianize the nation! It is all delu-sion and,  folly. If murder cannot be sup-pressed by law, much less can an individual or a nation be made Christian by the same power. RESPECTABILITY is the world's standard of morality. It is the morality of outward forms Šof human custom and law. God's standard of morality, on the other hand, is his divine law of ten precepts, which represents the mo-rality of his own life. It is sad to see the churches of our land turning from the power of God's law to that of man's law,Šabandon-hag God's standard of morality for that of the world. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, Per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address, I year - 75c 25 and under 50 " 1 " 60c " 50 and under 100 " " 1 " - 55c 44 " 100 or more 64 44 1 44 To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - Bs Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 