132 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Toe to the Scratch. BY FRANCES E. BOLTON. THERE'S a scratch of your knowing, You have drawn it yourself,Š A scratch for your toeing You keenly-eyed elf; But if for some other, You think, sir, to watch, Your own feet will wabble Away from the scratch, Simply toe to the scratch. If others stand crooked What, matter to you? The force of example To them is your due. Just look to the standard, Lest error you match; Be meek and be manly, And stand to the scratch, Simply toe to the scratch. "I wouldn't do this way, Or I wouldn't do that" Without the right action, Falls empty and flat. The true to the sample, The custom will catch, And the room still is ample To stand to the scratch, Simply toe to the scratch. The scale to the balance, The yard to the tape, The truth to the telling, The fit to the make, The right thing in secret, And the pattern will match, And you need not go shouting, That you stand to the scratch, Simply toe to the scratch. But mark you, the person Who's ready to fine, And to punish all others Who fail of the line, Will bully and bluster Delinquents to catch, And his Dark-Ages measures, His manners will match, While he fails of the scratch. Look all the world over Look into all time. One stands as a Brother In meekness sublime. No law of the tyrant Some sinner to catch, But there He stands LOVING. (Who'll seek him to match?) Simply toeing the scratch. And if for your toeing The line is too straight, And you balance unequal, Or your weakness too great. 0 then for your helping; That Brother will watch. Lean hard upon Jesus, Till life and line match With Him toeing the scratch. True Sabbath Observance. BY E. J. WAGGONER. WHEN the Jews persecuted Jesus for the good deed done to the impotent man, he justified himself by say-ing, "My Father worketh hitherto, and I work." That was a real justification of his act, for to do that which God does is the most perfect righteousness. Moreover, the acts of Jesus were not simply copies of what the Father did; if they were, then there would be in,them no lessons or help for us, for it would show no connection between him and frail human beings. But he said, "I do nothing of myself ; " "but the Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works." John 8:28; 14:10. There is no man so weak that he cannot let God work in him to will and to do of his good pleasure. -Jesus was accused of violating the Sabbath, and he did indeed break the Jewish Sabbath, but not the Sab-bath of the Lord. The Jewish Sabbath consisted in formal cessation of all labor on the seventh day of the week, even though human life was lost thereby. It was simply a yoke, a burden, an act of penance, by which they thought to make themselves,  righteous. It had nothing in common with the Sabbathof the Lord except that it was kept on the same day of the week. The Lord's Sabbath is absolute rest in him and his word,Šdependence on his life; and since his life is activity,Šservice for others,Šit follows that true Sabbath keeping may sometimes involve severe physical labor. How can one tell what works are lawful on the Sabbath day, and what are not?ŠNo list of lawful and unlawful works can be given, but this principle will guide: whatever labor is necessary for the welfare of suffering humanity, whether the disease be of body or of soul, and from which the laborer derives absolutely no profit or benefit except the consciousness of God's presence, is proper Sabbath la-bor. True Sabbath keeping is rest in God,Šabsolute and unqualified acceptance of his word. "My Father worketh hitherto; and I work." How does God work, and how had Jesus done the work for which he was now persecuted?ŠBy his word. Mark this: it was not as a man works by giving orders to another. No man may flatter himself that he is keeping the Sab-bath while others are laboring in his employ. Whoso-ever does a thing by another does it himself. It is not the way that God works, and it was not in that way that Jesus healed the impotent man. He did not speak the word which set somebody else to work, but his word itself did the work. "By the word of the Lord were the heavens made, and all the host of them by-the breath of his mouth." "He spake, and it was." Ps. 33:6, 9. This miracle of Jesus was therefore simply a manifesta-tion of the creative powei of God's word. In six days God created the heavens and the earth; and then he rested on the seventh day, not because to 