740 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the use of their material and machinery to persecute and to interfere with liberty of conscience concerning days and the manner of their observance. It is a good thing that the National Union has a whole year before it, in which to consider and to look soberly at'what they really did; and then in next an-nual convention correct the mistake into which they allowed themselves to be hurried. And having considered the subject for a whole year, then, at the next annual convention, will they really correct their mistake? or will they confirm it? A. T. J. A Great Difference. THE following from the works of John Adams (sec-ond President of the United States), is quoted by the Christian Statesman, organ of the National Reform Association:Š "Suppose a nation in some distant re ion should take the Bible for their only law book, and every mem-ber should regulate his conduct by the precepts there exhibited! Every member would be obliged, in con-science, to temperance and frugality and industry; to justice and charity toward his fellow-men, and to piety, love, and reverence toward the Almighty. In this com-monwealth no man would impair his health by gluttony, drunkenness, or lust; no man would sacrifice his most precious time to cards or any other trifling and mean amusement; no man would steals or lie, or in any way defraud his neighbor, but would live in peace and good will with all men; no man would blaspheme his Maker or profane his worship; but a rational, a manly, a sin-cere and unaffected piety and devotion would reign in all hearts. What a Utopia, what a Paradise would this region be!"Š( Works of John Adams, Vol. II., pp. 6 and 7.) "What is here pictured forth," adds the Statesman, "is what the National Reform movement seeks to make . a reality in our nation." Is that so? Let us see. "Every member," says Adams, under the condition named, "would be obliged, in conscience, to temperance and frugality and industry; to justice and charity," etc. "Obliged in conscience," says Adams; "Obliged by law!" says the National Reform party. Only this difference; but it is a difference as wide as the world. The AMERICAN SENTINEL, which has opposed the National Reform movement from the first, makes no objection at all to moral reforms which are to be en-forced only by conscience. SINCE the Government speaks always with the voice of man, when it speaks in the domain of religion it puts man in the place of God. Every moral duty, to be bind-ing on man, must be defined and commanded by the voice of infallibility. They Should Recognize This Also. IN the recent national convention of the W. C. T. U., a report of work done the past year in promoting "Sabbath observance" was read, in which it was said:Š "The Woman's Christian Temperance Union, recog-nizing the necessity of a holy Sabbath for the highest development, both of the individual and the nation, has put the weight of its influence against everything that has a tendency to destroy the sanctity of the day." "Recognizing the necessity of a holy Sabbath for the highest development, both of the individual and the nation," is very well; but why should not another thing be recognized, which is as plain as anything else in con-nection with the SabbathŠwhy should not the fact be recognized that there is a conflict of opinion respecting the Sabbath day? This is an obvious truth, and one which has an obvious bearing on the question of enforc-ing Sabbath observance. Nobody has a right to decide, for anyone but himself, which day is the Sabbath; and therefore, while the Sabbath is a necessity to the highest development of character, this affords no ground for the conclusion that the Sabbath ought to be maintained by force of law. Church Exemption. BY W. N. GLENN. NEXT year California will have another State election, in which will be involved the principle of Church and State union. The session of the Legislature held last winter voted to submit to the people a proposed amend-ment to the State Constitution exempting church property from taxation. The Catholic archbishop, accompanied by several prominent clergymen of leading Protestant denominations, made a sudden descent upon the Assembly and carried it by storm. Under such a pressure of supposed political influence, only one member of that body dared to vote against the measure, and he was a somewhat obscure memberŠand of Spanish descent. Yet he understood that church exemption from taxation is so much state aid to the churches; that state aid is union of state and church, and that such union is un-american and monarchical in principle. The Senate did not act so hastily, nor so unanimous-ly, but it passed the measure by a decided majority. This carries the proposition to a vote of the people next year. That there will bea strenuous effort on the part of church members and those who are in a position where they are expected to assist in bearing church expenses, is a foregone conclusion. Many of them look only at the point of saving the few dollars, or perhaps the few cents, which would be expected from them as their pro rata of said taxes. From this standpoint the grand 