234 TI=IE AlVIERIC_A_N SE:NMINRE. in the private schools would -be treason, even if treason could be taught. It is simply to call the attention of our boast-ful " Americans" to the- fact that when they exclaim against the danger of some-body's " teaching treason " in this country, they are testifying against themselves that they have not yet gotten rid of the princi-ples of despotism in. government ; and that if they intend to. be Americans indeed, they need to know what American princi-ples are, and to speak accordingly. A. T. J. Is It Blindness? THE Presbyterian Synod of New York sent up to the General Assembly as an overture, its views on the subject of relig-ion and public education, upon which the Committee on Bills and Overtures made the following report, which was unani- mously adopted :Š A paper reciting the recent decision of the Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin, affirming the Bible to be a sectarian book, and its use in the public schools to be unconstitutional, and asking for a deliverance of the General Assembly, having been received, your committee recommends that this As-sembly reaffirm the action of the Assembly of 1870. [See Digest, pages 278-80.] This action declares an unalterable devotion to the public school system as an agency next to the Church of God in laying a foundation of intelligence, virtue, and freedom in the United States. Regarding the Bible as the Magna Charta of our best moral and religious in-fluences, we would consider its expulsion from our public schools as a deplorable and suicidal act, and do hereby urge upon our members to co-operate with Christian people in maintaining the place of this Book of God m an educating force among the youth of our land. The committee, therefore, moves the adoption of the following resolutions by the As-sembly. WHEREAS, A recent decision of the Supreme Court of one of our. States has affirmed the Bible to be a sectarian book and its use in the public schools to be unconstitutional ; and WHEREAS, We see in this decision no mere local matter, such as affects simply the people of that State, but the culmination of an effort being made with relentless pertinacity by a foreign hierarchy to overthrow the system of public schools through-out the land; therefore Resolved, That we affirm the importance of our public schools to the welfare of our people; that with intellectual cultivation must go moral training, or the schools may prove a curse rather than a blessing;but this moral training must be based on religion, otherwise its sanction will not be strong enough to grasp the conscience of the people, or its utterances obligatory enough to shape their charac-ter ; that as the Bible is the source of the highest moral teaching, we regard its exclusion from our public schools as a menace to national welfare, and we urge the members of our church to so arouse public thought on this subject, from the pulpit, the press, and ecclesiastical assemblages, that this Book shall be restored to its true place in our system of education. As the same General Assembly indorsed the movement for the revision of the Con-fession--of their faith, it will be in order now for them to revise that part of the Confession which denies the right of the State to have anything to do with admin-istering the word of God. Yet it is prob-able that instead of doing so they will  keep it there just as it is, and still go on boasting loudly of the Presbyterian doc-trines, of the separation between Church and State, of religious liberty, and the rights of conscience. Consistency, although it may be in the wrong, is better than the absurd self-contradiction, in which the Presbyterian General Assembly, and the New York Con-ference of Methodist Episcopal Churches have involved themselves on this question. If they would argue at once for a union of Church and State they might be con-sidered honest, at least, even though they were wrong; but when in one sentence they declare strongly for an absolute sep-aration of Church and State, and then in the very next sentence declare just as strongly for the teaching of the Christian religion by the State, it is hard to under-stand how they can be honest, without charging them with being ignorant, whether they be right or wrong. A. T. J. Is It Civil? THE latest utterance of the chief worker in behalf of Sunday legislation is the fol-lowing :Š Laws setting apart a weekly " independence day " are no more inconsistent with liberty and much more essential to it, than the law of the annual Independence-day. The man who expects that people are going to accept such a feeble comparison as that as sound argument for Sunday legislation, pays a poor compliment to their intelligence. There is no more likeness between the Sunday observance that is contemplated by the proposed laws and the observance of the Fourth- of July, than there is between a Presbyterian synod and a college baseball nine. When such a plea as .that is made for Sunday laws, all you have to do is to ask if under the proposed Sunday laws it is designed to give people the same freedom of action that they have on the Fourth of July. Are we to believe that all the so-called American Sabbath Union is working for is for a law granting the people full lib-erty to take " a day off " every Sunday, to go on a picnic, let off fire-crackers, lounge around, and do as they please generally ? Some less gauzy plea will have to be invented.Š Signs of the Times. A Fallacy. ONE of the latest attempts to show that there exists a purely civil basis for Sunday laws, and that so far as Sunday laws exist in this country, they exist upon a civil basis, is an article in the May New En-glander, by Dr. William Atterbury of this city. On this point, Dr. Atterbury says :Š The distinction was made between the Sabbath as an institution of religion, and the observance of Sunday as a civil institution. This distinction has been carefully preserved by legislatures and courts. Sunday laws are now upon the statute books, of  every State but California. In general, these laws forbid common labor and traffic, except in cases of necessity or mercy ; public or noisy amusements, and whatever is likely to disturb the quiet and order of--the day. They make Sunday a non-legal day; courts may not sit, nor legal processes be served. except in specified cases. It will be seen that they do not enforce or prohibit.  any observance of religion. They leave each man free to do or to omit doing on Sunday what he chooses,- within restrictions which are deemed necessary to the pub-lic peace, order, and general welfare. There is no interference with the liberty of conscience. Neither the religious nor the irreligious character of the acts forbidden is assumed. Let us examine this matter a little and see how " carefully " legislatures and courts have preserved this " distinction." In the case of Bramhall vs. Van Campen, (8 Minnesota Reports, 13), Judge Flandrau, of the Supreme Court of Minnesota, gave the opinion that " the Sabbath laws of that State can have no other object than the enforcement of the fourth of God's commandments." In the Supreme Court of Texas, Judge Caldwell held that " the object of the Legislature was to forbid all secular employments on the Sabbath, not excepted in the act. The disregard of the Sabbath, the refusal to recognize it as a day sanctified to holy purposes, consti-tutes the offense." (Elsner vs. the State, 30 Texas Reports, 524.) In deciding one of these Sunday cases the Supreme Court of Alabama also said : " We do not think the design of the Legislature in the pas-sage of the act can be doubted. It was evidently to promote morality and ad-vance the interests of religion, by pro-hibiting all persons from engaging in their common and ordinary vocations." (O'Donnel vs. Sweeney, 5 Alabama Re-ports, 467. See a,lso Wright vs. Geer, 1 Root, 474; Fox vs. Able, 2 Connecticut Reports, 548; George vs. George, 47 New Hampshire Reports, 27.) It is scarcely necessary to add anything to this testimony of the courts of these States; the Judges who delivered these opinions probably knew more about the intent -of the law-makers than does Dr. Atterbury. It would seem, however, that it ought not to require Supreme Court decisions to convince anyone that the re-ligious character of the day is the only real basis of Sunday laws; this is certainly the case, and the Judges whose opinions have been given, have simply recognized the fact without seeking to change it in the least. Again, Dr. Atterbury says : " In gen-eral these laws [the Sunday laws of the several States] forbid common labor and business," etc. ; that is true, but the term generally used is not " common labor or business," but "secular labor or business." This is the term used both in the Blair Sunday-rest Bill and in the Breckinridge Bill, and in this they only follow the language of the statutes of most of the States. Webster defines " secular " as " Pertaining to this present world, or to things not spiritual or holy; relating to 