242 IVE1-<`,13Alt 11N1-91-'1E 1N" JO EA. VoL. 8. No. 31. FROM this official record, it is as plain as anything can be, that the Congress of the United States (for the House not only adopted this, but on its own part, on a direct issue by a vote of one hundred and thirty-one to thirty-six decided that the seventh day is not the Sabbath, after deciding that Sunday is), in its official capacity, did adopt the interpretation which the churches had made, and did officially and by legislative action put that interpretation upon the commandment of God. Congress did define what the word " Sabbath-day " "means "; and that it " may be" one day or another, " Satur-day or Sunday "; and did decide which day it should be, namely, " the first day of the week commonly called Sunday." This is as clearly an interpretation of the Bible as was ever made on earth. AND, like all other human interpreta-tions of the Scriptures, it is wrong. As witness this Word : " When the Sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James and Salome had bought sweet spices that they might come and anoint him. And very early in the morn-ing, the first day of the week, they came unto the sepulchre at the rising of the sun."ŠMark 16: 1, 2. Thus the plain Word of God says that "the Sabbath was past " before the first day of the week came at allŠyes, before even the " very early " part of it came. But lo ! the Congress of the United States officially decides that the Sabbath is the first day of the week. Now, when the Word of G )d plainly says that the Sabbath is past before the first day of the week comes, and yet Congress says that the first day of the week is the Sabbath, which is right ? NOR is the Word of God indefinite as to what this distinction refers. Here is the Word as to that : " That day [the day of the crucifixion] was the preparation, and the Sabbath drew on. And the women also which came with him from Galilee, followed after, and beheld the sepulchre, and how his body was laid. And they returned, and prepared spices and oint-ments; and rested the Sabbath-day accord-ing to the commandment. Now, upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came unto the sepulchre, bringing the spices which they had pre-pared and certain others with them."ŠLuke 23: 54-56; 24: 1. Here it is plainly shown that the Sabbath-day, according to the commandment, and the first day of the week, are two separate and distinct days entirely. And yet Congress gravely defines that " the Sabbath-day " "may be one or the other "! The Word of God plainly says that the Sabbath-day, accord-ing to the commandment, is past before the first day of the week comes at all. And yet Congress declares that the first day of the week is itself the Sabbath! Which is right ? Is the Lord able to say what he means? or is it essential that his commandments shall be put through a course of congressional procedure and interpretation in order that his meaning shall reach the people of the United States? And further, are not the people of the United States capable of finding out for themselves what the meaning of the Word of God is ? or is it so, that it is necessary that Congress should be put between the people and God so as to insure to them the true and divine meaning of His Word WHETHER these questions be answered  one way or the other, it is certain that this is precisely the attitude which has been assumed by the Congress of the United States. Whatever men may be-lieve, or whatever men may say, as to the right or the wrong of this question, there is no denying the fact that Congress has taken it upon itself to interpret the Scripture for the people of the United States. This is a fact. It has been done. Then where is the difference between this assumption and that of the other Pope The /Roman Pope assumes the prerogative of interpreting the Scripture for the people of the whole world. Congress has as-sumed the prerogative of interpreting the Scripture for the people of the United States. Where is the difference in these claimsŠexcept perhaps in this, that whereas the claim of the Roman Pope embraces the whole world, the claim of this congressional Pope embraces only the United States. And yet there is hardly room for this distinction; because this interpretation by Congress was in-tended to include, and to be of force upon, all the nations that took part in the World's Fair, and these were expected to be all the nations of the world. So that, practically, the two claims . are so nearly alike, that it is only another illustration of the truth that there is no possibility of measuring degrees in the respective claims of rival Popes. There are no degrees in infallibility anyhow. That the Fair is not closed on Sunday out of respect to this interpretation, does not alter the fact that Congress has interpreted the com-mandment of God. Besides this, the decision that a' sured the opening of the Fair on Sunday distinctly excluded all consideration of the question on constitu-tional grounds. AND to escape this claim and its direct consequence, was precisely the purpose which our fathers had in view when they forbade the Government to have anything to do with questions of religion or reli-gious observances. At the very first step for religious freedom after the Declaration of Independence, which was the first step toward the result fixed in the national Constitution forbidding interference with religion, there was made this weighty statement : "It is impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of prefer-ence among the various sects professing the Christian faith without erecting a claim to infallibility which would lead us back to the Church of Rome." In this Sunday interpretation Congress did dis-tinctly decide a question of preference between sects professing the Christian faith. Two different sects professing the Christian faith claim that " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord." A greater number of sects professing the Christian faith claim that " the first clay of the week, commonly called Sunday, is the Sabbath." And both base their claims upon the fourth commandment. Now Congress has definitely decided the question of preference in favor of the latter, and has declared that " the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day," is the Sabbath of that command-ment. Thus, Congress has done the very thing which our fathers forbade it to do that the people of this Nation might not be led back to Rome. Congress has done the thing which the founders of our Gov-ernment declared it " impossible" to do, without doing that which would lead " back to the Church of Rome." How certainly this result follows, can be seen at a glance : These professed Prot-estant churches had enough " influence " upon Congress to secure the decision of this question in their favor. And as soon as it was done they gladly and loudly pro-claimed that " this settles the Sabbath question." Now, all questions between Catholics and these Protestants even, are not entirely settled. One of these, for instance, is on this very question of Sun-day observanceŠnot, indeed, whether it shall be observed, but how it shall be observed. Let this or any other question be disputed between them, and all the Catholic Church has now to do is to bring enough `-` influence " to bear upon Con-gress to get the question decided in her favorŠand there you have it! the whole Nation is then delivered bodily over into subjection to Rome. And no Protestant who bas had anything to do with this Sunday-law movement can ever say a word. For if the action of Congress set-tles a religious question when it is decided in their favor, they can never deny that such action as certainly settles a religious question when it is decided in favor of the Catholic Church. If they accept such a decision when it suits them, they must likewise accept such a decision when it suits the Catholics. And this other thing will as certainly come, as this has already come. And thus the Government and people of the United States will have been delivered into the hands of Rome by this blind procedure of apostate Protestantism. That which our fathers feared, and which they supposed they had forever prevented, will have come. And the first and great decisive step has been taken, in this suc-cessful demand of the churches of the United States that Congress should inter-pret the Scripture, decide a religious dis-pute, and " settle" a religious question. THAT it may be seen how well our fathers understood this, we give just three sentences from the documents and the times of '76 :Š It is impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith, without erecting a claim to infallibility which would lead us back to the Church of Rome. Again The impious presumption of legislators and rulers, civil as well as ecclesiastical, who being themselves but fallible and uninspired men, have assumed dominion over the faith of others, setting up their own opinions and modes of thinking as the only true and infallible, and as such endeavoring to impose them on others, hath established and main-tained false religions over the greater part of the world and through all times. And again :Š To judge for ourselves, and to engage in the ex-ercise of religion agreeably to the dictates of our own consciences, is an unalienable right, which, upon the principles on which the gospel was first propagated, and the Reformation from Popery carried on, can never be transferred to another. Thus spoke Madison, Jefferson and their noble fellow-workers, at the time of the establishing of the United States Govern-ment. Upon these principles was the national Government founded. How en-tirely these divine principles have been forgotten both by American legislators and Protestant ecclesiastics, and how complete a revolution from these princi-ples has been wrought, the facts presented in these notes in some measure show, and soon coming developments will fully dem-onstrate. BUT even as the matter now stands, 