AMERICAN SENTINEL. man Catholic Church. And when he says that the Amer-ican nation is a 'Christian nation, he means that it is a Roman Catholic Christian nation, for the plain reason that the Catholic Church does not recognize anything as Christian outside of her own fold. She denies that there is, any salvation outside her pale. She affirms expressly Ł that she is the Christian church, and that all other churches are schismatic and heretical. Only recently the Anglican " High Church," which resembles the Roman Catholic Church so closely in doctrine and practice as to be almost indistinguishablafrom it, was refused recogni-tion  as a Christian church by .the supreme head of the church of Rome. With Church and State separated, as in the order es-tablished by our forefathers, the question as to whether or not this Government is Protestant, or even Christian, could never be raised. But now that every department of the Government has broken through this order, and declared this to be a Christian nation, the question has arisen, and already it has assumed that phase which must precipitate a conflict between Protestantism and Rome for political supremacy. Is the Government to be Roman Catholic or Protestant ? As established by the framers of the Constitution, it is Protestant, in that its founda-tion principles are in antagonism to the papal principle of a union of religion with the State. And every move in the direction of giving it a religious character, has been a move to make it in reality, if not in name, a Roman Catholic Goternment. In every such move the nation has been playing into Rome's hands. Therefore let Prot-estants not imagine that victory will lightly turn upon their side when the battle is joined. THE Pa ulist Fathers of New York City, whose spe-cialty it is to Catholicize the Protestants of the United States, have extended to Canada their mission enter-prize. "ReV. " Walter Elliott, with whose work our readers are somewhat acquainted, has lately been on a tour up there. In his report, referring to his question-box, he says :Š "Among the questions was one affirming justification by faith alone, a novelty in our experience, and showing the primitive type of Protestantism in this part of Can-ada. . . . Another question was pertinent arid im-pertinent : 'Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.' (St. John iii: 3.) Are you born again?" These are interesting statements. Mr. Elliott has been touring thus for several years. He has been west as far as Iowa, and has had good-sized audiences in, all sections. And yet to find a person " affirming justifica-tion by faith alone" is "a novelty" in his experience. Now, justification by faith alone, is Christianity. This, then, is equivalent to saying that to find a person affirm-ing Christianity is a novelty in Ł his experience. This in turn shows one of two things--either there is a great dearth of Christianity among the people whom he meets,  or else there is a greater dearth of those who are ready to affirm it. Again : Mr. Elliott says that the question asked him, "Are you born again," was "impertinent." No one needs any better evidence than this, that the Rev., Walter Elliott is not born again. For the man who is, really born again will never consider it impertinent to be asked such a question. The Two New Englands. A WRITER in the Catholic World for December, dis-cussing the subject of "New England and the Formation of America," argues that important as may have been the influence of the New England of. the past, in the his-tory of the nation, it is to be surpassed by the New Eng-land of the future. This is to be, because, while the New England of the past was Puritan and had great influ-ence, the New England of the future is to be Catholic, and therefore will have m-411 greater influence. He argues. that as "Puritan.  New England has made our coun-try to be a Yankee nation," the soon-coming Catholic. New England will make our country "to be a Catholic nation." In the opinion of thiS writer the future New England from which such notable result is to be expected, has al-ready made such progreSs that it is almost the present New England. He says:Š " Puritan New England has made our country a Yankee nation. But the New England of yesterday is fast giving place to the New England of the . future. What was Puritan New England, has been called, even now, Catholic New England. Surely the Lord Christ has intended to work greater matters by the little handful of Puritans than either they or the world have been aware. of. Important as has been the part played by the New England of yesterday, we may reasonably expect that even greater things will be done by her in the future_ These greater things will be done through the transform-ation of the Puritan. We shall, in the future, esteem the works of the Puritan more for these later fruits of New England, which he did not dream of producingŠto have dreamed of them would have been to him a night-mareŠthan for his share in making this a free nation.. The Puritan has made this a religious nation, which is. destined to be a Catholic nation." There is more substance to this view than most of the people will readily believe. The result here so confi-dently expected, is also nearer than many are ready to believe. Indeed, the Puritan New England system, both theoretical and practical, was so essentially Catholic, that no other result could fairly be expected than that -which this writer has defined. It is the logical result. This contemplated "future New England " will be only the legitimate and strictly logical descendant of the Pu-ritan New England. When this "future New England" shall find itself in power and in working order, it will find also, in large measure throughout the nation, the machinery of the 