11.MERICA N SENTINEL. 489 twenty, and thirty pounds are mercilessly imposed upon coach proprietors who shall run their coaches on the Sabbath; one, two, and ten pounds upon those who hire, or let to hire, horses and carriages upon the Lord's day, but not one syllable about those who have no necessity to hire, because they have carriages and horses of their own; not one word of a penalty on liveried coachmen and footmen. The whole of the saintly venom is directed against the hired cabriolet, the humble fly, or the rumbling hackney coach, which ena bles a man of the poorer class to escape for a few hours from the smoke and dirt, in the midst of which he has been confined throughout the week; while the eseutcheoned carriage and the dashing cab may whirl their wealthy owners to Sunday feasts and private oratorios, setting constables, informers, and penalties at defiance. Again, in the description of the places of public resort which it is rendered criminal to attend on Sunday, there are no words comprising a very fashionable promenade. Public discussions, public debates, public lectures and speeches, are cautiously guarded against; for it is by their means that the people become enlightened enough, to deride the last efforts of bigotry and superstition. There is a stringent provision for punishing the poor man who spends an hour in a news-room, but there is nothing to prevent the rich one from lounging away the day in the Zoological Gardens. There is, in four words, a mock proviso, which affects to forbid traveling "with any animal" on the Lord's day. This, however, is revoked, as relates to the rich man, by a subsequent provision. We have then a penalty of not less than fifty, nor more than one hundred pounds, upon any person participating in the control, or having the command of any vessel which shall commence her voyage on the Lord's day, should the wind prove favorable. The next time this bill is brought forward (which will no doubt be at an early period of the next session of Parlia-ment) perhaps it will be better to amend this clause by declaring, that from and after the passing of the act, it shall be deemed unlawful for the wind to blow at all upon the Sabbath. It would remove a great deal of tempta-tion from the owners and captains of vessels. (Concluded next week.) Diphtheria in "Holy Water." "Medical Record." PROFESSOR YINCENZI, of the University of Sassari (in Italy), has investigated the holy water from "one of the most popular churches" of that city, with the following results: A single drop taken a few hours after the water was renewed and spread upon gelatin yielded in forty-eight hours about 2,350 bacterial colonies. This drop was taken on a Saturday evening, when the water had been little used. The next evening, after numerous and crowded services, each drop of the water tested yielded  innumerable colonies. Four cases of diphtheria were no-tified at Sassari while these investigations were proceed-ing, and it being the custom there for persons to touch their lips as well as other parts with holy water, the pos-sibility of infection is obvious. The bacillus coli, though possibly directly introduced, was, according to Professor Vincenzi, probably present in the church dust, which, he remarks, was copious. Items of W. C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. WORK for the children, as we have seen, led to the homes in which they lived, and this to many discoveries that aroused the hearts of our women, as women had never been aroused before. It is perfectly safe to say that it was because of the ignorance of women concerning the conditions which had been at work in human affairs, that so many evils had been able to grow up and entrench themselves in law and custom, and from these strongholds command business, politics, and religion all over the world. Among the new surprises that continually awaited us was the widespread evil of child labor, and its horrible abuse of everything sacred to the young, the innocent and helpless. No sooner was this condition discovered than we began to make efforts to abolish it. We had by experience learned that abolition was a slow process, and while we had to wait for that, we kept ourselves busy with efforts at amelioration. It seemed to us that we could not afford to stop short of the destruction of the system; that while we were dallying with palliations, the race of boys and girls must become extinct, or only be preserved among the rich and well-to do. The power of life as it was mani-fested in a frail child who had to earn the living for a whole family, was beyond all comprehension, and can find no solution outside of the fact that God is in it, and that "He giveth to all life, and breath, and all things," and yet so keeps his hand on it, that while "no man bath power over the Spirit to retain the Spirit," neither has-he power to discharge any from this war of life. It was the grip of the Eternal God on the delicate machinery of the half starved body that kept it going long after every reasonable conclusion would be that it ought to stop and lie down in the grave to rest. I have before me in Scribner's Magazine for this-month an article by W. A. Wykoff, which I wish every Seventh-day Adventist, at least, might read; but feeling sure that but few of them will see it, and since it gives an up-to-date view of the conditions which bore so heavily upon our hearts, I beg leave to quote at length from it an account of a visit to a Chicago "sweat shop." I have many times attempted to picture these things in public,  addresses, and have been distressed to see how little 