FEBRUARY 27, 1896. A.IVIDEIELICA_NT g'121WIMENTM1_,. 69 shall control the politics, the politicians shall be saints, and, the polls holy ground." The following, voiced by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union in National Convention in 1887, discloses how these would combine Church and State:Š The Woman's Christian Temperance Union, local, State, national, and world-wide, has one vital, organic thought, one all-absorbing purpose, one undying en-thusiasm; and that is that Christ shall be this world's king; yea, verily, this world's king in its realm of cause and effect,Šking of its courts, its camps, its commerce,Šking of its colleges and cloisters,Šking of its customs and constitutions. . . . The king-dom of Christ must enter the realm of law [force] through the gateway of politics. " He who spoke as never man spake " rebuked the suggestion of the establishment of His kingdom by force, as is urged and emphasized in the highly wrought language of the preceding paragraph; and as he stood before the Roman governor to be tried, scourged, and killed by the civil law, he assured Pilate that " my kingdom is not of this world." Organizations known as the Christian En-deavor, Epworth League, King's Daughters, etc., have been more or less joined to the effort to bring Christ forcibly into the "realm of law through the gateway of politics." In 1888, the Prohibition party added its tribute to the history of the effort to make Christ's kingdom of this world, in the pre-amble which they adopted at Indianapolis. Such is the attitude of these would-be re-formers to-day as they stand before the coun-try, to become more active, and aggressive, by an achieved victory in Congress on one or both of the measures now being urged there by a " Christian Lobby." Gives Congress Jurisdiction of Religious Questions. Their cunningly devised scheme aims a death blow at all religious liberty. It places the interpretation of creeds, and of Scripture, within the jurisdiction of Congress, and of courts. Under such a law as this bill contemplates, those who through politics have been placed in charge of the arrest and trial of the criminal class shall decide for a free people what con-stitutes "work of necessity and mercy :" these shall decide for five denominations of con-scientious religious people in this country, what properly constitutes the " religious observance of Saturday;" and, what is to "disturb and involve others" in the tolerated labor which a band of zealots assume to permit to others. One Million Sabbatarians. There are five denominations numbering a million persons who " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy" in the strict obedience to the fourth commandment that was written by the finger of Omnipotence in tables of stone, never to be blotted out; and, having kept this, the seventh day of the week, in honor of the Lord their God, they then, thereafter, perform honest labor for six days, according to the commandment, having the God-given right to do so without let or hinderance, as men breathing the free air of a free country. Why should the civil law be placed as a weapon of toleration in the hand of one class of religionists to deprive another class of their liberty ? t In 1890, when the religious census was t In this enumeration of Sabbatarians Mr. Buell evidently includes 345,582 Orthodox and 437,304 Reformed Jews. But this in nowise detracts from the force of the argument, since, as expressed in 1830, by Hon Richard M. Johnson: "The Con-stitution regards the conscience of the Jew as sacred as that of the Christian, and gives no more authority to adopt a measure affecting the conscience of a solitary individual than that of a whole community."ŠEn. SENTINEL. taken, the entire membership of all religious bodiesŠJews, Catholics, Protestant, Mormons, the Ethical Culture, and Communistic Soci-eties, Theosophists, all, of whatsoever name or creedŠdid not exceed one-third of the population of this country, and one-third of these would amply represent the proportion of adult males that were members of the religious organizations of the United States, at that time. Of the adult males comprised in this relig-ious census, not less than one million were foreign born, and had not been naturalized in 1890. To these must be added the mighty host of southern negroes, Mormons, the re-ligious orders, societies, and denominations, that are debarred, or withheld from voting, in order to get an approximate idea of the number of votes that are cast by actual mem-bers of religious organizations; the vote of this class did not number more than thirty per cent of the total vote that was cast in the last presidential election. When the religious census was taken in 1890, the percentage of the adult population that was opposed to religion exceeded the membership of the largest religious denomi-national family. In 1890, in the District of Columbia, only five per cent of the adult males were actual church members, only fifteen per cent attended church with regularity, and twenty-five per cent. was the limit of those who attended church at all. Do not Believe in Sunday Sacredness. A majority of the members of the denomi-nations that tacitly assent to a sacredness for Sunday, do not fully agree with the traditions upon the " Sabbath Question." Probably the largest denominational family among the Protestants throughout the world, is the Lutheran. In this country in 1890, this church comprised seventeen denominations and one hundred and twelve independent congregations. These, together with the German Evangelical Synod of North America, which represents the State Church of Prussia here, have all built their stem of faith and practice upon the teachings of The Augsburg Confession; this says, relative to the observ-ance of Sunday, that the keeping of the day is not regarded as a necessary worship of God, nor are any to feel that they would commit sin if they violated the regulations which the clergy have set up merely for convenience, and states in Italics:Š " Those who suppose that the ordinance concerning Sunday instead of the Sabbath is enacted as necessary, are greatly mistaken." There are four denominations of Friends, ŠQuakers, who teach, " We know no moral obligation by the fourth commandment, or elsewhere, to keep the first day of the week, more than any other, or any inherent holiness in it." That most eminent prelate of the Roman Catholic Church, James Cardinal Gibbons, in his work entitled, " The Faith of our Fath-ers," p. 111, says: "You may read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, and you will not find a single line authorizing the sanctification of Sunday." The Legal Status of Sunday. The following shows briefly the legal status of this, " The Venerable, Day of the Sun :"Š Constantine exempted agricultural laborers from Sunday observance by his edict in 321. In the ninth century, another Roman Emperor, Leo VI., known as the Philosopher, commanded that agricultural laborers should observe the venerable day of the sun, thus making the edict of Constantine apply to all. The character of this ruler is shown by the fact that the  Greek Church, which could overlook much in an em-peror, refused to administer the sacraments of the church to him. (See American Encyclopedia, Vol. X, Art. Leo -VI.) The next enactment bearing upon the civil enforce-ment of Sunday observance, as it affects modern laws, was by James I, King of England, who authorized the version of the Scriptures bearing his name. The his-torian says of him: " He early exhibited that fondness for masculine favorites which left a cloud upon his name. His death was caused by a tertian ague, acting upon a constitution that was undermined by intem-perance." (American Encyclopedia, Vol. IX, Art. James IV. of Scotland, and I. of England.) The laws in Great Britain that relate to Sunday ob-servance, and upon which the laws in the United States for the same purpose have been based, were enacted by Charles II, in 1661 and 1663. Of him the historian says: "His life was most dissolute; his adul-teries and the profligacy of his court are scarcely par-alleled in British history." (Chambers' Encyclopedia, Vol. II., Charles II.) Aside from State legislation, the latest attempts to enforce an observance of Sunday by act of Congress is doubtless House Bill 3854, of the Fifty first Con-gress, 1st Session, 1890. This measure originated in a joint effort by various organizations to reform by civil law, and the bill was introduced in the House of Representatives, and championed by " Mr. Brecken-ridge of Kentucky," as appears upon the bill in its printed form. The claim that is sometimes made, that Constantine was a Christian, does not accord with facts. Within a year from the time of the issuing of the famous edict exalting the pagan day in place of the true Sabbath, he murdered his own son and his own wife. This edict was followed by another on the next day, that commanded that if any royal edifice should be struck by lightning, the soothsayers were to examine the entrails of an animal that had been killed in pagan sacrifice, and determine what the awful portents were. This does not indicate that he was a Christian. Moreover, the edict was strictly pagan; no reference was made in it to Christ or Chris-tianity. New York Tribune on Sunday Sacredness. The following from the New York Weekly Tribune, of Oct. 10, 1894, gives an interesting condensed history of the origin and the ac-ceptance of Sunday-observance:Š J. B. (Rugby, Tenn.): Please tell me in the " Asked and Answered" column of the Weekly Tribune when, why and by whom was the Christian sabbath changed from Saturday to Sunday? The observance of Sunday instead of Saturday as a day of rest was instituted by an edict of the Emperor Constantine, issued A D. 321. It reads: "Let all judges, and all people of the towns, and all the variŁ ous trades be suspended on the venerable day of the Sun (venerabili die Solis). Those who live in the country, however, may freely, and without fault, at-tend to the cultivation of the fields, lest with the loss of favorable opportunity the commodities offered by heaven be destroyed." This was the first of a long series of imperial constitutions, most of which are in-corporated in the Code of Justinian. Book III, Title 12. By the constitutions comprised in this title of the code and headed by the quoted edict, pleasure was forbidden as well as business. No spectacle was to be exhibited in a theater or circus. If the emperor's birthday fell on a Sunday, its celebration was to be postponed. On the other hand, Code III., 12, 10, dis-tinctly directs the torture of robbers and pirates, even on Easter day. "History does not furnish us with a single proof or indication," says Sir William Domville, one of the most eminent Protestant divines of his age, re-ferring to the subject of Sunday observance, "that it was observed as a sabbath previous to the sabbatical edict of Constantine in 321 " (Six Texts, p. 241), Va-rious reasons are assigned for the changing of the Sabbath from Saturday to Sunday, all of which being founded upon the proof established by Scripture pas- 