AMERICAN SENTINEL. 141 "Why, that means bread and butter, home and ad-vantages! " "0 Cecil. Where is your faith in the working of God for you. If you cannot trust in so small a matter as this, what would you do in the face of a Sunday law with prison bars and penalties behind? What would you do in the swelling of Jordan?" "I do not know. I had no idea I was so weak. I've always counted myself strong before. Then, that's not all, Aleck; there's social position. I know if I keep the Sabbath I will be an outcast from society." "Have I not been over this road, Cecil? This is not a new path. But Jesus walks ahead. Will the loss of worldly society ou thalance the divine fello wship, or make greater advantages accrue to you?" "NŠno, but I can't see where I am going. Up to now I have known what I would do day after day, week after week. I have had a pretty clear idea of the society I would move in, and of what my future would be; but now I know nothing." "Cecil, put the principle to the test. All your past has been marked by self dependence. Swing loose. See what God will do for you. What will all your worldly advantages amount to if you are on the wrong side? ' What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world, and. lose his own soul?' Besides, Cecil, in the strug-gle that is sure to come, are you going to be on the side of force or of love?" "Can't I be neutral?" "No, indeed. 'He that is not with Me is against Me.' " "Aleck, you believe in prayer. Pray for me." Cecil and Aleck spent an hour on their knees together with an open Bible before them. They proved the prom-ise that 'where two of you are agreed concerning any-thing it shall be done.' Gradually faith came into Cecil's heart, the first trembling faith that meets the out-stretched hand of Christ. With that same faith came the first love,Šsweet, simple, childlikeŠthat rests Wholly on infinite power. Aleck and Cecil rose, and the scales had fallen from Cecil's eyes. He was beholding the heav-enly vision, and was prepared to obey God. The joy and peace he had long questioned about were his as he laid hold of Christ as his portion forever. " Let me know how the battle goes," said Aleck, as Cecil started away. " Keep on praying for me," said Cecil. He had a long talk with his employer. Cecil told him the reason he must close his work on Friday night at sunset, and was met with arguments he himself would once have thought feasible. When arguments failed, he had ridicule and sneers, and when that left him unmoved he was discharged from his position. As for his companionsŠthey thought him a "crank," spoke of him as a lunatic and a fool. Yet not all. Some heard his reasons, and turned like the noble Bereans to the study of the Word, and placed their reliance in God. How did he live? He lived by "every word that pro-ceedeth out of the mouth of God." He learned how God can fulfiill his promise, and add every necessary thing. For those who abandoned him, he found a hundred-fold of friends; but best of all, he kept the Saviour with him. " How are you getting on?" asked Aleck. "Gloriously," said Cecil. "I'm working for others as you worked for me. How blind I was! How blind others are! The folks down my way are talking Sunday law more furiously than ever. My conversion and the con_ version of others seems to have stirred them all up." "You remember, Cecil, how you said you didn't blame the Ephesians for shouting, `Great is Diana.'" "Yes, I see what you mean. I don't blame our folks either for shouting, Great is the American Sabbath! The Ephesians threw away their idols when they learned the truth, and so will men to-day. But I tell you, Aleck, there's more in the principle than can be told in words." "And experience to come will teach us still more," said Aleck. F. E. B. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel ofJesusChrlEt to theinhabitnnts of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. TO OE R PATRONS: 1. Write. Nantes Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Banx Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. if paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AM  F. RICAN S   H,'NTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.i 0. " Six months Three months 25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. 