348 A.INEMILZI C.AN MIWIP VOL. 10, No. 44. reason.. If Christ could save the nation as well as the individual, then he could save sinners in. their sins as Well as from their sins; since the individual, while not the na-tion, is an inseparable part Of the nation, and failing `to secure salvation as an individual, because Of his sins, he might secure it as a part of the nation, provided only that the nation 'secured it! If there could be such a thing as a Christian nation, in a governmental sense, then that goVernMent, if it continued Christian, would be saved through Christ. Hence if this Gov-ernment be Christian, or can become such, and does not fall from grace, it will be saved in the kingdom of God, and there will be in that kingdom, through all eternity, a " gov-erninent of the people, by the people, and for the people," founded on the Constitution of the United States! It needs only this slight elaboration of the idea to show, its utter absurdity. How in-telligent Christian people can believe in it and work for its realization, is something that passes comprehension.,Salvation through hrist is for individuals only, and any measure which aims at securing that salVation, can be effective only as it ap-plies to indiiidualS. And there will be just that proportion of the nation saved, which is comprised by the aggregate of those individual citizens of it' who are truly Christian. But no government now existing upon. earth, or that ever has. existed since the fall, will be perpetuated in the earth made new. Ł ROME REBUKES REBUKES PROTESTANTS. BY ALLEN MOON. ON Thursday, Oct. 24, the clergy of Balti-more, Maryland, held a meeting for the pur-pose of discussing their Law and Order cru-sade, and especially the enforcement of the old Puritan Sunday law, enacted in 1794. The Catholic clergy of the city were invited to attend the meeting. Rev. Father O'Keefe, pastor of St. Francis Catholic church, is re-ported in the Baltiniore American to have replied by letter that " he was not in sym-pathy with meetings of ministers who under-took to manage civil affairs, as the civil officers were selected for that purpose, and that he believed more good could be accom-plished by attending to their spiritual duties." It is a sad comment on the spirit of the times, when the followers of Wesley receive such merited rebuke from a priest of Rome. It may not come with very good grace from the clergy of a church that has always meddled in civil affairs, for them to reprove the minis-ters of the Methodist Church for following the example of Rome; but in this country of boasted freedom in religion, as well as freedom from the domination of the Church, it would seem that the Catholic clergy are becoming ashamed to be found in company with minis-ters who so far forget their sacred calling as to neglect the work of the ministry for the salvation of men, and engage in a crusade for the enforcement of unjust civil enactments. Every `Catholic priest knows from 'whence the Sunday institution came. He knows, that 'his church, the author of Sunday, is able to secure just the kind of observance in the church that she decrees. And believing that there is no salvation outside the church, he has no confidence in the plan of saving men by a crusade to compel men outside the church to obey one precept of the church, while living in violation of others. Consistency is on the side of the Catholic priest, who believing in the power of the  church to ordain feasts and holy days, devotes his time and energies to convincing men of the divine mission of his church, and leaves the administration of .civil affairs to those who are selected for that work. Would it not be well for Protestant minis-ters to take this matter home to themselves, and instead of degrading their sacred office by descending to the control of civil legislation, devote every energy to the cause of the Author of our salvation, who, said, " Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel," and "Who-soever believeth shall be saved." The Author of the commission under which these men claim to be laboring, wants preaching preach-ers, instead of law-enforcing preachers. The Lord could have ordained that men should be saved by law if he in his wisdom had seen best. If these law-enforcing preachers would abandon their crusade and go over to the Catholic Church, they would have congenial company among those who believe in the 'Sunday institution; and those that do not so believe might have liberty to serve the cause of their Master, the Saviour of men. CUSTOM AGAINST PRECEPT. BY E. J. WAGGONER. " REMEMBER the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day : wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Ex. 20:8-11. Thus reads the fourth commandment. In thousands of churches it is read every Sunday, and all the congregation unite in saying at its close, " Lord . . . incline our hearts to keep this law." And yet it is not kept, because the day which the commandment says must be observed is the seventh day, while people in general keep the first day of the week, a day not mentioned in the commandment, ex-cept as included in the " six days " in which work may be done. It is a fact that the seventh day of the week is the day commonly called Saturday. It is a fact that the people who heard the words of the law spoken directly to them from Mount Sinai, did observe the seventh day of the week in obedience to that commandment, and to this day still hold that it is the Sab-bath, whether they keep it or not. It is a fact that the Jews in the wilderness, and for centuries thereafter, were under the direct leadership of the Lord himself, the Lord manifesting himself to them, and talking with them and their leaders as he has never done with any other people. It is also a fact that when they were the most closely connected with the Lord, and his presence among them the most marked, they were the most faithful in their observance of the seventh day. The fact that the Jews kept the seventh day of the week while the Lord who spoke the fourth commandment was personally con-ducting them, shows that God meant just what he said, and that the fourth command-ment does require the observance of the sev-enth day of the week, which alone is the true Sabbath of the Lord. Further, it is a fact that the commandment cannot mean two different things. The words, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of  the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not 'do any work," cannot' mean both the seventh day and the first. Neither can they refer to either one of them indifferently. Neither can they mean anything different now from what they did when first spoken and written. If they apply to the first day of the week now, then they must always have meant the same day, and in that case the ancient Jews must have been wrong in their practice, and the Lord must have encouraged them in that wrong. But such a supposition is impossible. The fact that God specified by daily miracles for forty years, just which day they should obserVe, shows, as before stated, that the sev-enth day of the weekŠSaturdayŠand that only, is the day which the commandment en- joins. This being the case, those who hear the commandment read every Sunday should either cease responding, " Lord . . . incline our hearts to keep this law," or else should begin to keep it; for it is certain that the fourth commandment can no more be obeyed by resting on Sunday, than the first com-mandment can be kept by worshiping Jupiter. But some one will ask, " Has not the com-mandment been changed ?" We do not find in the Bible any record of a change. If the commandment has been changed, so as to warrant Sunday observance, why is it that the revised law is not read in any of the churches ? If people really thought that the commandment had been changed, it would be very strange for them to keep on for years reading the old commandment, which enjoins another day from that which they keep. No; the commandment has not been changed, anol nobody really thinks that it has been. " But surely the day has been changed." Nothing can show the weakness of this posi-tion any better than the statements of those who hold to it. Read what the Vicar of Burgh, Lincolnshire, in a tract intended to show the necessity of Sunday observance, says about the matter:Š When Christ's life on earth was ended, and he had ascended to heaven, a change was made as to the day which was to be kept holy. . . . BE1fore Christ's coming, the seventh day was kept holy in remem-brance of the finished work of creation. After his as-cension, the first day was sanctified in reinembrance of the completed work of redemption. This change was made by the apostles in obedience to the will of Christ. We are not told of any words of his in which he gave this direction. Just think of it. It is said that the apostles made the change in obedience to the will of Christ, and yet we nowhere find the words in which he gave the direction, nor even any words of the apostles, in which they intimate that such a direction ever was given! How then do men know that it was given ? They do not, and never can know that it was. For no one can know that a thing is so when it is not so; and the fact that there is no record of any such change, iyidence that no such change was ever ni* Christ ascended to heaven without saying anything about a change in the day. The apostles all died without ever saying anything about it, or even intimating that Christ ever said a word about it. But some men say that the change was made by the disciples in obedience to the will of the Lord. Let them produce the inspired record before they try to make people believe it. No; the day remains the same, and will remain unchanged throughout eternity. But the people have changed. The great apostasy began, and the people insensibly drifted away from the standard of Christ and his apostles, under the influence of surrounding paganism. Then the apostasy culminated in the papacy, which thought to change the times and the 