7706 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. often assumed, indeed, that the civil government does have the right to sacrifice any number off hu-man lives for' the sake of preerving its own life; but such an assumption reverses the truth which ex-presses .'the purpose of human governments. The government exists to serve the people, not the peo- ple to serve the government. Ł Nor has a church an unalienable right to exist- ence which the civil power is bound to preserve. Individuals May and should live at peace with one another, but religions are necessarily at war with one another, and two churches, representing dif-ferent religions, are necessarily opposed to each other. Christianity is opposed to paganism, Prot-estantism is opposed to the Papacy, and each religion would if it could exterminate all the others. Prot-estants would gladly convert every Catholic in the world to Protestantism, and Catholics would as gladly turn back every Protestant to the fold of Rome. Protestants would thus, if they could, de-stroy every Catholic church in the world, and Cath-olics would likewise destroy every Protestant church. And with it all the civil government could not in any way properly interfere. If the civil government did interfere to perpetuate any church it would of necessity exercise its power against the church or churches which might be stand-ing in opposition to the church thus favored. If, for example, the American Government should exercise its power to preserve the " rights " of -" the church " (Catholic) in the Philippines it would necessarily uphold that church against the Protestant church,' which is there, as everywhere, contending against it. The Government would necessarily set itself against the spiritual agencies by which Protestanism is seek-ing the overthrow of the Papacy in the Philippines, as it is in all places where the two religions come in contact. Such a thing would be utterly at variance with the ordained, purpose of civil government. Therefore the civil power can not undertake to maintain the " rights" of church. If it does it will inevitably fail to maintain the rights of individ-uals opposed to that church. The one thing that civil government can and should do is to maintain the rights of the individual. And when it does this it can not fail to pursue a just course with respect to the church. When the government protects the rights of every, man no man will have any just cause for complaint, and when no man complains no com-plaint will be heard from the church. THE NATION AND THE RINCIPLES OF NATIONAL REFORM. EVER since 1863 the National Reform Associa-tion has been at work in this country, trying to undo the work of the founders of this Government. Very naturally the special objects of their attack have been the Declaration of Independence and the Constitu-' tion of the United States. Touching the first of these documents, at least it would seem that their work is done, their warfare accomplished. All these years theSe Reformers have denied that governments derive their just powers from the con-sent of the governed. In 'a convention held in Sedalia, Mo., May 23 and 24, 1889, Rev. W. P. Gray, the secretary of the convention, said: " I for one do not believe that as a political maxim governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. And so the object of,  this movement is to change that feature-in our funda-mental' law. * * * And I see' in this reform a providence teaching us the necessity of recognizing something else besides the will of the people as the basis of government." This doctrine was most industriously taught for years by pulpit and press, in schools and colleges; taught not only as sound political doctrine, but as Christian doctrine, until it became familiar to the ears of the men now prominent in public affairs, and proper conditions only were wanting to bring to its full fruitage this evil seed-sowing. The proper conditions came as a consequence of the Spanish-American war. Without any special design, merely as one of the incidents of war, this,  -Government found itself in possession of the harbor of Manila, the capital of a large and rich group of Pacific islands. The natives were in revolt against their former masters, the minions of Spain. Like the American colonists of a century and a quarter ago, these people were trying to throw off a foreign yoke and establish a government of their own. The generous impulses of a free people, inclined Ameri-cans to second this effort, and from the archives of state was heard a voice saying: " We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness; that to secure these rights governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the, governed." 