THE AlVir1RICAN SVNTINEL. 101 consequences of any misdeed against a fellow-Jew, for, to quote the Russian code, " in actions concerning Jews who have embraced Christianity, Jews may not be admitted as witnesses if an objection is raised against such admission." All that a Jew, therefore, need% de in order to es-cape any legal process against him by a brother Jew is to be converted to the Ł Russian Church, and his victim is power-less to secure satisfaction. And yet, not-withstanding all these powerful tempta-tions held out to them to abandon their religious 'convictions and traditions, they still cling to their faith with all the fervor that characterized their. ancient devotion. It'is difficult to bring home to the minds of ithe citizens of free nations the misery and degradation caused by this diabolical system of legislative and administrative persecution of Russian Jews. Our sym-pathies are stunned at their very source by-: the awful spectacle of a whole commu-nityŠan entire raceŠcrushed beneath a system of studied injustice and oppression onŁ the part of a great and, so-called civil-ized government. It is now high time for the free nations of the world to utter their protest against this system of barbarous despotism, and. to demand of the 'Russian Government that its Jewish subjects , shall enjoy at least the elementary rights of human be-ings, liberty of movement, freedom in choice of a career, and equality with all orderly citizens before the law.ŠMail and Express. Self-Condemned. SOME months since, in remarking upon the liberality of Thomas Paine, we said :Š An important difference between Paine and many of -his modern disciples, is, that whereas he conceded to others the same freedom of opinion that he claimed for himself, the average " Freethinker " of the present day is about as intolerant as a Jesuit. ' The editor of Freethought was very in-dignant at this statement,' and called upon us either to cite proofs or else acknowledge that we had made a false statement. We did neither, but simply waited. Now the very gentleman who waxed so wroth over this matter, though no longer editor of the Freethought, furnishes us in that pa-per abundant evidence that our statement was true, at least, so far as he is concerned. March 7, he says :Š Most Christians fail and make an assignment to the devil trying to discover any reason why they should, oppose religious exercises in the Legislature or anywhere else, and they are excusable in doing so. If religion is a good and beneficent thing, the more places it can be found the better. Only peo-ple who know that Christianity is a fraud can have a- sufficient excuse for objecting to its enforcement, so long as they advocate the enforcement of any-thing..  That pis to say that in opposing religious exercises in legislative ickodies and else-where under, State patronage, - Christians virtually admit that religion is not a good thing; for, says Mr. Macdonald, in sub- stance, if religion be a good thing it ought to be enforced. In other words, he admits that did he believe in religion he would be in favor of enforcing it; that is, he would be a National Reformer of the most pronounced type. But he is not a believer in religion, he is an infidel, and further-more he believes, or; at least, professes to believe, infidelity to be a good thing, a very good thing; not simply that it is a matter of indifference what men be-lieve, but that it is very much better for men not to believe in religion, that is, not to believe in the 'Christian religion. It follows just as naturally as night follows day, and as logically as it is possible for any conclusion to follow a reason, that had the ex-editor of Freethought the power he would enforce infidelity upon every-body, at least to the extent of giving it State support, and of putting it every-where that the State has the power to put it. In short, with him tolerance is not a matter of principle at all, but simply of power. Does not the ex-editor of Free-thought stand self-condemned ? And if he is a representative Freethinker, did we not well say that " the average Free-thinker is about as intolerant as a Jesuit"? We know that there are many noble ex-ceptions, but we fear that 'as a class Free-thinkers are neither more free themselves nor more liberal toward others than are other men, and why should they be ? for they deify human nature,- and human na-ture is intolerant. We maintain that the truth or falsity of religion has nothing whatever to do with the question of the propriety of giv-ing it governmental recognition and sup-port. To be of any value religion must be free ; service to God must be voluntary ; God has made it so, and men and govern-ments should leave it as God has made it. Indeed, in the very nature of the case, it can not be otherwise without destroying religion itself and the reasons for its very existence. In order for it to remain a good and beneficent thing, religion must be kept separate from the State. Mr. Macdonald should remember the words of Paine :Š All religions are, in their nature, mild and benign, and united with principles of morality. . . . How is it that they lose their native mildness, and become morose and intolerant ? By engendering the State with the Church, a sort of mule animal, capable only of destroying, and not of breeding up, is pro-duced, called the Church established by law. . . . The Inquisition in Spain does not proceed from the religion originally professed, but from this mule animal engendered between the Church and State. To prevent this engendering, the Church and the State must be kept entirely sep-arate,' and who has as good a right, or who can so consistently insist that they shall he kept separate as those who above all others are interested in the Church and in preserving its purity ? In the Scriptures no sin is .denounced more strongly- than is the sin of spiritual adul-tery, and who more than Christians, or  who indeed but Christians, can consist-ently insist that the Church shall not again prostitute herself to the State ? that it be not again said of her, " The kings of the earth have committed fornication with her" ? c. P. B. -4,- A Few Words from Jefferson. [The following valuable contribution to our early-religious liberty literature is from the pen of Thomas Jefferson, written in Virginia in the year 1781, in Query xvii of his notes on the State, and subse-quently published in English and French. It de-scribes the religious state of Virginia during the major part of the seventeenth and eighteenth cen-turies.] RELIGIOUS INTOLERANCE IN VIRGINIA. THE first settlers in this country were emigrants from England, of the English Church, just at a point of time when it was flushed with complete victory over the religions of all other 'persuasions. Possessed, as they became, of the powers of making, administering, and executing the laws, they showed equal intolerance in this country with their Presbyterian brethren who had emigrated to the North. The poor Quakers were flying from per-secution in England. They cast their eyes on these new countries as asylums of civil and religious freedom; but they found them free only for the reigning sect. Several acts of the Virginia Assembly of 1659, 1662. and 1693, had made it penal in parents to refuse to have their children baptized; had prohibited the unlawful assembling of Quakers; had made it penal for any master of a vessel to bring a Quaker into the State; had ordered that those already here, and such as should come thereafter, should be imprisoned till they should abjure the country; provided a milder punishment for their first and second return, but death for their third; had inhibited all persons from suffering their meetings in or near their houses, entertaining them individually, or dis-posing of books which supported their tenets. If no capital execution took place, as did in New England, it was not owing to the moderation of the church, or spirit of the Legislature,Šas may be inferred from the law itself ;Šbut to historical cir-cumstances which have not been handed down to us. The Anglicans retained full possession of the country about a century. Other opinions began then to creep in, and the great care of the Government to support their own church having begotten an equal degree of indolence in its clergy, two-thirds of the people had become dissenters at the commencement of the present Revolution. The laws, indeed, were still oppressive on them, but the spirit of the one party had subsided into moderation, and of the other had risen to a degree of determination which commanded respect. The present state of our laws [in 1781] on the subject of religion is this. The convention of May, 1776, in their declar- 