"If ang mg words; and beliOuo not ljuclge hill.) not -7-Jesus christ VOLUME 15..\ CHICAGO, DECEMBER 20, 1900. NUMBER 50. THE SEN-TINE\ )F LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel.) PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324 DEARBORN TREET, CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the  Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 A. SMITH, } C. P. BOLLMAN, Editors. THE more you compel an individual to " respect the Sabbath," the more disrespect, he has for it in his heart. THE Sunday law began its career as a law against heresy, and while it may have changed its profession, it has never changed its character. SHALL we condemn a man for following the ex-ample of the God of heaven? "No," you say, " of course not." Then why arrest and fine any person for working on the first day of the week? No man should be either required or forbidden to do any act, contrary to conscience, however erroneous that conscience may be, unless the doing or forbearing to do that act trenches on the equal rights of others. ot IT has been said that " the liberty of the indi-vidual ceases where the rights of society begin." But this is an error. Rights never come in conflict  Governments are for the preservation, not for the deprivation, of rights. It is for this very purpose that governmerits are instituted. The rights of so-ciety do not conflict with the liberty of the individ-ual. The liberty of the individual does not cease where the rights of society begin. The liberty of the individual ceases only where the rights of so-ciety are invaded. PUBLIC SENTIMENT AND THE CONSTITUTION. IN a recent article in the Independent (New York), IIon. John W. Foster, ex-Secretary of State, says some very significant things. Referring to the necessity to find rsew and enlarged markets for our agricultural and manufactured products," Mr. Foster says: " It is this condition of affairs which has secured the-  general support of the country to Secretary Hay's statesmanlike policy of the open door' in China. The same sentiment has operated, although possibly in a subordinate degree, to vindicate the unprecedented act of our Executive in sending a considerable army into a country with-  which we were nominally at peace, without the constitutional warrant of legislation by Congress, and aiding in taking possession by, force of that nation's capital. And upon this sentiment more than any other the President must rely for support for his act of break-ing with all the precedents of our foreign relations in joining a concert of European nations to arbi-trarily determine the destiny of a great empire with which we have heretofore maintained the most friendly relations. I do not write this to criticise the conduct of our Government in the Orient. Far from it. Its conduct up to the present in Chinese affairs has been wise and prudent, and has com-manded the approval of all good citizens. My object is to emphasize the fact that the public senti- 