534 AMERICAN SENTINEL. " I Sit as a Queen." "Christ Has Come." "I SIT as a queen and am no widow and shall see no. sorrow." These are the boastful words of the fallen woman, the fallen Church of all the Christian centuries. She has been clothed with the purple and scarlet of civil power, and has seated herself as queen beside the Caesars on the throne of earthly glory. Her waiting for the re-turn of her loving husband is ended. He bad given her His promise as the Prince of Heaven that he would re-turn for her. With tender loving tones he told her of his infinite love and of his untold riches, and of his sure re-turn. "Let not your heart be troubled. . . . In my Father's house are many mansions, if it were not so I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am, there ye may be also." To the plaintive reply, It will be lonesome when you are gone, he had quickly answered, "I will not leave you comfortless." "I will pray the Father, and he shall send you another Comforter." "He shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear that shall he speak; and he shall show you things to come. He shall glorify me; for he shall receive of mine and show it unto you. All things that the Father hath are mine: There-fore said I that he shall take of mine and show it unto you." "Lovest thou me?" "I have loved thee with an everlasting love." "If ye love me keep my command-ments." Oh what a divine story of infinite love! How could this woman so quickly forget "the chiefest among ten thousand," the one "altogether lovely" who poured out his princely life to redeem her? How could she part with -that snow white garment which had been given by her faithful Lover, every thread of which he had woven amid weariness and woe, and washed in his own bloodŠhow could she bear to be clothed in that blood-stained robe of purple and scarlet which cruel hands had placed on her pale and patient Lord ? How could she receive the crown of a queen from the power that had platted that crown of thorns? How could she forget his love.? How could she send him that cold and cruel message of rejected love, "I sit a queen and am no widow." Caesar is now here -a  cepted Lord, and she has ceased to look for the return of her lawful spouse. This is the sad story as told by the Lord himself; let us now trace it in the annals of history. A single para-graph will tell how in the fourth century and onward, when the Church became wedded to the State,.the doc-trine of thepersonal second coming of Christ was rejected, and the adulterous union of the Church with the Roman empire was declared to be the fulfillment of the "blessed hope" of the apostolic church:Š "This state of matters, however [the general belief in the literal second coming of Christ], gradually disap-peared after the end of the fourth century. The change was brought about by two causes,Šfirst, Greek theology, which reached the West chiefly through Jerome, Rufinus, and Ambrose ; and, second, the new idea of the Church wrought out by Augustine on the basis of the altered po-litical situation of the Church. . . . He himself had at one time believed in it; he too had looked forward to the holy Sabbath which was to be celebrated by Christ and his people on the earth. But the signs of the times pointed to a different prospect. Without any miraculous interposition of God, not only was Christianity victorious on earth, but the Church had attained a position of su-premacy. The old Roman empire was tottering to its fall; the Church stood fast, ready to step into its inherit-ance. It was not simply that theworldŁpower, the enemy of Christ, had been vanquished; the fact was that it had gradually abdicated its political functions in favor of the Church. Under these circumstances Augustine was led, in his controversy with the Donatists and as an apolo-gist, to idealize the political side of the Catholic church,Što grasp and elaborate the idea that the Church is the kingdom of Christ and the city of God. Others before him may have taken the same view, and he on the other hand never forgot that true blessedness belongs to the future; but still he was the first who ventured to teach that the Catholic church, in its empirical form, was the kingdom of Christ; that the millennium kingdom had commenced with the appearing of Christ, and was there-fore an accomplished fact. By this doctrine of Augus-tine's the old millenarianism, though not completely ex-tirpated, was at least banished from the realm of the dogmatic. For the officialtheology of the Church it very soon became a thing of the past; certain elements of it were even branded as heretical. It still lived on, how-ever, in the lower strata of Christian society."ŠEncyclo. pedia, Britannica, Vol. XVI, p. 317. Turning now from the "mother" to the daughters, of the Reformation periods, let us see if they are not repeat-ing the history of the mother of harlots. Through all the long night of apostasy the Lord has had a faithful bride who was true to his love and who was making her-self ready, and patiently "looking for that blessed hope and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ.", As above stated, they were re-garded as heretics by the reigning queen, and "confined to the lower strata of Christian society;" but this great truth lived in the same lowly "strata" in which Christ planted the truth, when he taught it to the fishermen. At the dawn of the Reformation the "blessed hope" was revived. 