386 AMERICAN SENTINEL. is a Christian nation." The declaration means that the. officials of the Government ought to act for the people in religion. Manifestly, this idea is wholly contrary to Christian-ity. One person cannot have faith for another; nor can one be righteous for another. If the people are sinful they must suffer for their sins, and no righteousness on the part of any official, from the President down, could save them. Speaking of a sinful land, the Lord .by the prophet Ezekiel says (Eze. 14:13,14) : "Though these three men, Noah, Daniel, and Job, were in it, they should deliver but their own souls by their righteousness." The only righteousness which can save the sinner is the righteousness of Christ, which every person may re-ceive by the exercise of faith. No government can give righteousness to anybody. There is no righteousness in the universe but God's righteousness, for he alone is righteous of himself; and his righteousness is the right-eousness of Christ. And having God's righteousness Christ is perfectly fitted to be man's representative in religion; and he alone, of all beings in heaven or earth, is so fitted. The "Christian race" must be runŠthe Christian life livedŠlooking not to the state, but "unto Jesus, the au-thor and finisher of our faith." Heb. 12:1,2. To look to the state in any matter of religious faith or practice is to look away from Jesus and to depart from the foun-dation principle of Christianity. Ł THE state is the embodiment of power. By power it lives and moves and has its being. Take away the power and there is nothing left of the state. - States are, by their very nature, independent powers. When the state yields to another power, its own identity is lost, and it remains but a part of the conquering power so long as the authority of the latter is exercised over it. But the state cannot be Christian without yielding to another power and thus surrendering its independence. For the first step in Christianity is submission to the will of God. The state therefore would simply lose itself in the government of God. In that government there are no states. And it is a truth which all Christians know, that no person can become Christian without first passing through death. The Apostle Paul says that he was "alive" before being converted to Christianity, but that "when the com-mandment came, sin revived, and I died." Rom. 7:9. And his experience is that of all Christians. 'Man, as he was before conversion, must die, before he can become Christian. Christianity means a new creation. All that is of earth, must have a new creation before the stamp of Christianity can appear upon it. And this utterly debars the state. For as nothing can become Christian without first passing through  death, the state would simply pass out of existence in the endeavor to acquire the stamp of Christianity. There is no "new birth", for a state. The New World-Power. BETWEEN Spain and the United States there existg, and there has existed for some time, a state of war. As, for the actual element of war, there has been so far very little. Yet from the little that there has been, there have already sprung prospects of possibilities that are of most profound interest to every soul in the United States, whatever his view or his attitude concerning it. As a matter of fact, the incidents of this controversy are of far more importance to the country than all the actualities put together, so far. It is these things that the AMERICAN SENTINEL is watching and studying with most absorbing interest. We are not, in these things, criticising; we are simply calling attention to important developments. One of these, which we have pointed out, is the dis-tinct advance made, and point gained, by the papacy in her designs with regard to the United States. More will be heard from that before the controversy shall be ended. Another is the proposal and prospect of an alliance between Britain and the United States. And now a third is the proposal and serious prospect of a world career to be seized and followed by the United States all on her own part. This prospect has already become so tangible as to excite the serious attention of leading and thinking men both for it and against it. The most calm and considerate view of the situation as it is, that has yet appeared, is set forth by Col. T. W. Higgin-son in Harper's Bazar of June 11, under the title "A New World-Power," the substance of which is as follows:Š "It startles one a little to turn back to Bacon's Es-says and read there the quiet remark, made three hun-dred years ago (in the essay on the 'Greatness of King-doms'), that the only two nations of Europe which ex-celled in arms were the Spaniards and Turks; though he admits 'great declination' as to the latter race. He little dreamed that a few hours in the bay of Manila were to reveal the existence of a wholly new power, which in his day had not even been born on the planet, and before which the Spanish race should apparently be destined to yield. It has been given to few men and to few events to construct so much of human history as was accomplished in those few hours by Admiral Dewey. Not only did it seal the downfall of one great world-power, but the arri-val of another; and it will cost all the power of_resistance on the part of moderate men to keep this country from following the steps of England into an imperial position on the globe. It is a curious fact that the Monroe doc_ trineŠget the Western Hemisphere alone and we will let the Eastern Hemisphere alone'Šwas the attitude held to,  be radical only so long ago as the days of Cleveland and Olney. Yet those who now hold that same Monroe doc-trine, and propose to abide by it, are taunted as conser-vatives. There have been in political history few greater and more sudden transformations of public opinion. 