226 AMERICAN SENTINEL. For what purpose is the Constitution? As set forth in the preamble, it is to "establish justice, ensure do-mestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity." Are these things desirable for the people of the new territory? Ought such provision to be made for them? If so, then the Constitution must'extend to their land, because the Constitution is the very means devised by the United States to secure these blessings here at home. And this does not mean that their country and circumstances must be made to fit the forms and technicalities of the Constitution as it applies to the United States, but that the Constitution must be applied to them as their situation demands. Some of the forms of the Constitu-tion may not fit their country, but this is no reason for denying them the essence of the ConstitutionŠthe prin-ciples of just government by which domestic tranquil-ity, the general welfare, and the blessings of liberty to themselves and their posterity, are to be secured. To say that the Constitution does not extend to the new territory, then, is to say that the people there dO not need the blessings secured by it in the United States, or that they shall not be given them whether they need them or not. The latter has in effect been said by the Government. For the people of that terri-tory are a conquered people, and a conquered people cannot secure the blessings of liberty to themselves and their posterity except by successful revolt against their conquerers. Having begun by denying liberty and jus-tice to these foreign people, it is entirely logical that the decision should now be reached that the Constitu-tion created for the purpose of securing these blessings to the people under it, does not apply to the territory where they reside. More Separation Needed. THE London Christian affirms that church members are responsible for Sunday journalism in America, and fears that Sunday papers may yet be supported upon a similar basis in England. It says:Š "The seventh-day newspaper in Ameriea stays be-cause it pays, and it pays because Christians advertise in itŠso it is affirmed. "If they withdrew their advertisements, something might be done. We fancy that this would be the difficulty in this country also. Representatives of both the journals that offended here for awhile have said that there was money in the venture, and therefore we can hardly count ourselves safe, unless Christians should be ready to make a sd and separate them-selves. Separation we image, will become a vital question for the church in the not distant future. Tes-timony for our Master and his truth is wanted and it is not easy to see how we can give it while the world and the church are so intimately blended." Yes; the church and the world are altogether too "intimately blended" to-day. The church needs a much clearer line of separation between herself and the world; but such a line will never be drawn so long as she courts the world to gain political power. The church will never have that separation from the world which Chris-tianity demands while the leaders of the church lobby in the halls of legislation, to persuade the state to give its support to religious institutions, such for example as the Sunday Sabbath. Every religious law upon the State books is a bond of union between the church and the state, and so between the church and the world. Recent Sunday Bills in Massachusetts. THE March number of The Defender, organ of the "New England Sabbath Protective League," gives a summary of recent efforts made to secure legislation in that State affecting the observance of Sunday. Several attempts were made to modify the existing Sunday law, and the views expressed by the "Sabbath Protective League" arid its allies regarding such attempts are in-dicative of the religious animus which inspires the de-fense of such intolerant legislation. The Defender says:Š "There have been four bills introduced before the present legislature relative to the Lord's day. "(1st) H. No. 167, to which reference was made in the last Defender, was reported against by the Judiciary Committee and defeated in the House without discus-sion. It proposed to open certain stores and all bake-ries on Sunday. It was vicious and outrageous in character and met with opposition on all sides." Is there anything "vicious and outrageous" in al-lowing bakeries and certain other stores to be open and transact business? What is there that is "vicious and outrageous" about a bakery? We do not know. We never knew them to, be other than harmless and useful institutions. And if they are such six days in the week, how come they to be different on the remaining day? They are not different, of course. But there is a differ-ence in the day. It is because of the peculiar character of the day that a bill allowing bakeries to be open at such a time is regarded as "vicious and outrageous." But what is the difference in the day? Oh, Sunday is a religious day; it is called the "Lord's day" and the "Christian Sabbath." That is why the state is asked to enforce its observance, and why any bill that would modify the law in that respect is denounced as "vicious and outrageous." And yet state enforcement of religion is not supposed to exist anywhere in this country! Of the opponents of this bill present at the hearing given upon it, the statement is that "nearly all the denominations had their representatives." We have never yet seen or heard it explained why religion always 