AMERICAN SENTINEL. 777 gelists, to evangelize the Gran Chaco. So far their efforts have been crowned with success, since they have gained access to several semi-Indian tribes. In this way the Bible is finding its way even to the uttermost parts of the earth; preparing the heathen for the reception of the message of truth which is also agitating the so-called "Christian nations." DURING the past month here, in the different prov-inces, complaints have been made against the brutality of the so-called "Sisters of Charity," who hold the office of nurses in the government hospital. Clear evidence has been produced to prove that persons of Protestant profession entering aforesaid hospitals receive neither care nor attention upon their refusing to confess to a priest of the Catholic Church. The Rev. Mr. Tallon, pre-siding elder of the Methodist Church in Santa Fe, after having investigated some cases, denounces in strong terms the cruelty practiced by these "charitable sisters" to those of a contrary faith. Oh, how contrary to the action of the Master they profess to serve! Could they imagine Jesus doing such cruel things to convert a man from the error of his ways? God is a God of .love, and not of coercion or force; and they who follow him must use the methods he would employ, and them only. NEvEn before during the whole history of the Argen-tine Republic was there so much talk as now of introduc-ing laws for the stricter observance of Sunday. When a lottery is drawn on Sunday, the Protestant paper imnie_ diately cries out against "Sabbath desecration." When the city authorities adorn the streets on Sunday to receive a bishop, again wails and cries ascend to the heavens against the imagined transgression of thefourth commandment. All the Protestant pastors are seeking union with the church of Rome, to compel all to keep Sunday in a religious manner., SUPPOSE those our friends were in Arabia or Turkey, where the vast majority keep Friday as a holy day, would they be content if the Mohammedans there intro-duced laws to enforce all to conform to their opinion, by keeping Friday as a holy day? Let them then follow the Golden Rule, by doing unto others as they would like others to do unto them. Let them produce their argu-ments, their reasons for Sunday keeping, and if they bear the divine credentials, they can never be withstood. But the very fact of their seeking to coerce others, and force their views upon them, goes to prove that they are op-posing truth, and hence are ignorant of the method by which truth can be best advanced. Now is the time when a stand must be made to hold aloft truth's standard. Now if ever is the time to dis_ seminate the glorious principles of religious liberty, and bring them before the people in all their beauty; losing the present opportunity, such an occasion may never again present itself to us. Let us be up and doing. Argentine Republic. Doubtful Consisteucy. THE New York Journal makes note of the prayer of Chaplain Milburn at the opening of Congress, in which he invoked the divine favor upon Spain, and says:Š "There is no occasion to criticise Chaplain Milburn for remembering the Queen Regent of Spain, the boy king, and the Spanish people in his prayer in the Senate. After returning thanks for our victories and commending the President of the United States to the Divine favor, the chaplain said:Š " 'We pray that thy blessing may be with the Queen Regent of Spain and her young son, and upon her nation. May Thy heavenly grace come to succor and uplift and uphold the stricken people.' "We do not know how the Spaniards will enjoy the idea of being prayed for by the people that have just knocked their teeth down their throats; but certainly no American need object to the blind chaplain's kindly at-tention." Knocking a man's teeth dow-n his throat is certainly a curious prelude to a prayer in his behalf. The Poor Church in Cuba! THE Cuban general, Calixto Garcia, in speaking of expected reforms in Cuba, in a recent interview, said:Š "Another source of revenue from which we hope to get funds for schools will follow the readjustment of the church lands and properties. We are not going to wage a war against religion or the church; in fact, I am not sure that the church will be disestablished in Cuba, but we are determined that the church shall not collect such a vast amount annually as it does now and become thereby an incubus on the people. In Havana, for ex-ample, there are not only a great many more churches than the population would warrant, but altogether too much sand and property around them goes to swell the revenues of the bishop. We shall also completely do away with the `capellanias,' a complicated and burden-some system of mortgages, interest upon which is col-lected by the church from all families whose sons are edu-cated for the priesthood." And yet with all this wealth, according to this state-ment of General Garcia, who is certainly good authority on the subject, it has been represented to the Govern-ment of the United States, by the papal prelates whom the Government has consulted, that the Catholic Church in Cuba is so poor that it will have to be supported by the United States in order to be kept alive and in condi- tion to confer its benefits(?) upon the Cuban people. And the worst of it is that the President has fallen into the trap and agreed that this monstrous proposi- tion shall be carried into effect, and the Catholic Church in Cuba be duly supported with money taken from the pockets of the American people! FOR over sixty years Queen Victoria has held the of-ficial rank of Prebendary of St. David's Cathedral. She is in fact the oldest official of the Established Church. 