AMERICAN SENTINEL. 317 by force. The prophet now declares that they will not be content with mere substitution, but will insist on the en-forcement of the mark in the forehead and hands of men. There are millions of people who will receive Sunday ob-servance as a matter of belief, but there will be millions of others who will know there is no divine authority for its observance, who will yet refrain from labor on that day in obedience to law, thus opening their hands for the mark of the beast. "Now, Charlie, read the methods that will be tried for its general enforcement." "That no man might buy or sell save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name," read Charlie. "Yes. Such a proceeding as this described would be called what in these days?" "Boycott," said Charlie. "We know that the way for this method of penalty is already prepared. The day will certainly come when the boycott will be made use of against those who will not receive the mark of the beast in their foreheads or in their hands. Heavier and heavier penalties will be enforced against those who keep the Sabbath of the Lord, and who cannot countenance the observance of Sunday, until the death penalty is decreed." "0 mama, I had no idea we were living so close to such trials; but the fact that God has foretold the order of events, is proof that he will enable us to endure unto the end." "Yes, Charlie; Jesus says, 'My grace is sufficient,' and 'as thy day thy strength shall be.'" "Mama, I now see how that Christ himself must be in his followers, or they will never stand the test." 4ille is, and he will be in his children, and nothing shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus. He says, 'When thou'passest through the waters I will be with thee.' The brief conflict will end in everlasting deliverance." F. B. ŠAn Ideal Book of Travel.Š BY LAND AND SEA A JOURNEY THROUGH FIVE CONTINENTS. STARTING from the interior of the United States, the reader quickly finds himself transported, as it were, to the scenes of the journey, the several stopping places being California, Hawaii, New Zealand, Australia, India, Egypt, Palestine, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, England, and Holland. The aim of the narrative, which has been written almost wholly rom original notes and observations, has been especially directed to the object of presenting the life and nature of those regions, apart from the mental instruction and its inherent features of intellectual entertainment. The author has happily found, in the object lesgons of life under its various phases and conditions, illustrations of moral truths, which are portrayed in a manner at once instructive and attractive. The book contains 392 pages, embellished with over 100 original, full-page engravings designed especially for this work, and numerous part-page illustrations, and is fur-nished in the following bindings:Š Fins silk-finished cloth, embossed in gold and colored ink, marbled edges $2.25 .1 " gilt titles 2.75 Pine Russia Leather, gold side and back titles, gilt edges, extra finish 3.90 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. B. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromising', opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious 'liberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, - 81.00 4, 64 Six months, .50 64 LC Three " - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York, Imported German Bibles. Dr. Martin Luther's Translation. WE have imported direct from Germany a select line of fine minion Reference German Bibles, which we offer at the following prices postpaid:Š No. Price 60 Cloth, plain edges, heavy boards, Hamburg print,  $ .75 62 Russia, gilt edges, heavy boards, Hamburg print,  1.50 64 Arctic Seal, Orient paper lined, divinity cir- cuit, gold edges, Stuttgart print, size 434x 63/4x1Y4  inches, thin paper, 10 pages of Helps and eight maps,  2.50 66 German Morocco, gold edges, divinity cir- cuit, leather lined to edge, Elberfeld print, size 5x8x1%inches. Five pages extra mat- ter and six maps,  3.50 Address, rdmic rgEss PUBLIS1111% COM, 39 Bond Street, New York City Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. 