in.00! Ida; all)11M11,11!))%ivas  'wad?' 352 T IE A.NIERICA.N SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. 44. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 12, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. REV. FRANCIS L. PATTON has matched the famous remark of W. H. Vanderbilt in reference to the public, he saysŠ"I know all sorts of reasons have been urged why the Fair should be kept open on Sunday. It has been said the work-ingman and his family cannot see the Fair on any other day. So much the worse for the workingman." The Chicago Herald thinks, " That speech will immortalize Rev. Francis L. Patton more than all his sermons." THE San Francisco Examiner prints the following item, with the accompany-ing pithy comment :Š California alone of the forty-four States and four Territories of the United States, is the only one without some form of a Sunday, or one day in seven as a legal rest day. Do not your cheeks tingle with shame when you think of this 1ŠR. H. McDonald. My good man, they do note Following the com-mandment, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," I fail to find the words, "Governments shall have power to enforce this article by appro-priate legislation." HERE is a sample " civil Sabbath " law argument :Š It is proven by experiment that in an ordinary day of toil, a laborer loses one-sixth of an ounce of oxygen more than he regains by a night of rest, so he needs a Sunday rest to catch up. A man cannot rest properly 'all by himself, he must have social privileges, and cannot get them unless his family and friends and associates rest at the same time. Neither assertion is true. It has not been proven that " in an ordinary day of toil, a laborer loses one-sixth of an ounce of oxygen more than he regains by a night of rest." Neither is it true that for the purpose of regaining oxygen a man cannot rest just as well alone as in company. The whole thing is as false as the cause, in whose support it is urged, is unjust. THE Cincinnati Post says, editorially, of the concerted effort in Pittsburg to en-force the Sunday laws of Pennsylvania, to the suppression of all forms of Sunday trade, labor, and amusement, that, if the law is on the statute books, it should be enforced. " Respect for the law, whether in the estimation of many or few it may bo a good or bad law, is the sheet anchor of our liberties, and our only protection against anarchy." And so the Post calls for the enforcement of the Sunday law,  and thinks that " the Sabbatarian Society of Pittsburg is justified in its effort." There is a serious fallacy in such a line of thought as this. The enforcement of a bad law must result in injustice and wrong. No one is justifiable in making themselves a party to injustice, whether it is possible for them to do so under color of law or not. If the Sunday law is a bad law, contrary to the principles of right-eousness and equity, the Sunday Society of Pittsburg is not justifiable in its at-tempts to enforce it. It is a bad law. Its results can be nothing but inequity and unrighteousness. What then can this Society be justified in doing as regards this law ? Manifestly nothing except to seek its repeal. And the same is true of all bad laws. IN an editorial review of " Religion in Europe " a late paper says :Š In France, and especially in Paris, it is gratifying to see how little Sabbath work is done, compared to what met the eye at every turn thirty years ago. This is a complete refutation of the claim that in this country law is necessary to preserve the "civil Sabbath." The fact is that the workingmen will take all the care necessary of the civil "rest day." They have more than once said that they need no assistance in this matter. THE latest reason for Sunday sacred-ness, and one quite without a parallel, is that given by Rev. Dr. De Witt. In. his criticism upon a certain sermon, he says: The ancient pagans named the day Sunday in honor of their chief god, the sun, which was their highest deity, and our Lord honored the day by his own ascension from the grave. Does the Doctor mean to say the Lord honored a pagan festival ? As if it were possible for Christ to so stultify himself as to intend to " honor " the breaking of the first of the commandments, when he taught that " whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven." Sunday advocates must be hard pressed, indeed, for proofs of its sanctity when they bring in an argument which, like Mephibosheth, is lame on both its feet. THE Sioux City Journal of October 17, publishes the following unique prayer, and attributes it to a clergyman of Quincy, Illinois :- 0, Lord, we pray that the excursion train going,  east on the Hannibal and :St Joseph railroad this morning may not run off the track and kill any church members that may be on board. Church members on Sunday excursions are not in con-dition to die ; and in addition to this it is embar-rassing to a minister to officiate at the funeral of a member of the church who has been killed on a Sunday excursion. Keep the train on the track and preserve it from any calamity, that all church members among the excursionists may have oppor-tunity for repentance, that their sins may be for-given. We ask it for Christ's sake. Amen. This is a peculiarly interesting petition, so simple and naive in form, and yet, be-tween the lines " so replete with sensa-tional information and crisp with editorial comment." And then the refreshing frankness with which the Deity is . told how inconvenient a thing it is to preach the funeral sermon of one whom the Church has seen fit to call a sinner. This minister should have bethought himself of the Church doctrine of "not under law but under grace," and have directed his petition to the Illinois Legislature to re-peal the Sunday law, and both he and his truant, excursionists might have rested in peace. Ł Ł  A PROMINENT National Reformer says that the regime which they propose "would secure the administration of a rightly constituted government by right-eous legislators, judges, and executors. It would make only righteous men, men of Christian moralityŠeligible to office. It would keep out of office all ungodly and wicked men. Aspirants for office, for power, for honor, or for spoilsŠunbeliev-ing and immoral menŠasking the dear people to make them legislators, or con-gressmen, or judges, or governors, would be left at home." That is, only professors of religion would be eligible to office, un-der practical National Reform. But that would only be to place an immense pre-mium upon hypocrisy. SOME people imagine that in this coun-try there is no danger of religious op-pression' because of the differences be-tween Protestants and Catholics. But on some questions these are one. Arch-bishop Ireland, in an address before the Board of Managers of the National Tem-perance Society, at a reception given him by them, in the Concert Hall of the Met-ropolitan Opera House, in this city, on the 13th of last April, speaking of Protestants and Catholics, said : " Thank God we stand together in demanding the faithful observance of Sunday !" ONE of the most silly claims put forth by National Reformers is that Israel was a regiblic. This is a new theory coined and given to the world solely for the pur-pose of concealing the native iniquity of the so-called National Reform movement. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOLT/MAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions the preservation of the i United States Constitution as it s, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York 