502 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. .Any one receiving the American Sentinel without' having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-oftlee.1 The United States and the " Monroe Doctrine." THE effect which the victorious war with Spain, and the acquirement of colonial territory outside the western hemisphere, will have upon the long-established "Mon-roe doctrine," is one of the questions which now demands consideration by the people of this country, and of the world. The United States having set foot upon the confines of the Old World, with the intention of staying there, shall the powers of the Old World still be prohib-ited from setting foot upon the territory of the New? Or has the United States, by the conquest of foreign terri-tory, abandoned the position it has maintained respect-ing the conquest of American territory by foreign powers ? It is not difficult to understand, what view of the question will be taken by the powers of Europe. The United States has been saying to Europe, You keep on your side of the world, and I'll keep on mine. If not explicitly stated, the promise of the United States to refrain from any aggression upon Old World territory is so plainly implied in this doctrine, and so plainly neces-sary to give it a reasonable meaning, that there can be no question that it is an essential part of the doctrine, in the eyes of European powers at least. Now, the United States has deliberately stepped over the line which it established by this doctrine, and notice has been served upon the powers of the Old World that the flag of this country is to remain flying where the fortunes of war have placed it. If Europe is given the like privilege of stepping over the line, the powers might be willing to accept the situation as offering a fair field to all parties. ButŠstrange as it may seemŠit is pro-posed here that Europe shall be denied the privilege which this country claims and has now exercised in acquiring foreign territory; it is proposed that the Monroe Doctrine shall be maintained against Europe just as strongly as ever. This is the sentiment of a portion at leastŠand it is to be feared a large portionŠof the American people. It is boldly expressed in one of the most popular dailies of this city, thus:Š " The Monroe Doctrine stands more firmly to day than ever before. " Why ? "Because we are better able to uphold it than ever before." To this language, of course, there can be but one meaning, and that is that this nation will do as it pleases simply because it has the power to do so. By this sentiment the Monroe Doctrine becomes re-duced to a mere boast of power. The question of right is eliminated from it, and the one element of might remains. It becomes another repetition of the old asser-tion that "might makes right." That Europe will acquiesce in any such arrangement is, of course, an unthinkable supposition. The powers will not be slow to insist upon their rights; and if this country, in the flush of victory and the dream of empire, shall advance to the bold position outlined in the above quotation, there will be plenty of need ere long for the great army and navy which is being called for as a proper outlay of the national resources. But peace and prosperity for the common people do not wait upon imperial ambition. IF the legislatures of earth could pronounce against sin with all the force of the thunders of Sinai, it would but drive the people, as those thunders did, further from the Lord. An Unobscurable Fact. Im is a fact which Roman Catholic apologists would gladly have hidden from the light, that the pitiable con-dition of Spain to-day, as revealed in her impotent strug-gles to maintain her place in the family of nations, is due-more than to anything else to the Roman Catholic reli-gion. For centuries the government of Spain has been in the closest alliance with the papacy. The papal religion has been the religion of all the Spanish people. No per-son not a Catholic could secure any office under the gov-ernment, or hold any position of influence among the people. The State is Catholic, the army and navy are Catholic, the people of all classes are Catholic, and all this has been so for centuries. The papal religion has had a free field; it has been without one rival. These are facts which not even the most ardent Catholic can deny. What, then, has the papal religion done for Spain? Has it done anything for them? Has it had no effect upon the people and upon the State through all theyears of their faithful adherence to it? If not, what force has it, and of what use has it been to its adherents? But no intelligent person can seriously assert that it has not had an effect, and a most powerful effect, upon the people who have so faithfully practiced 