THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 697 The disorders and miseries which result gradually in-cline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the,  absolute power of an individual, and sooner or later -the chief of some prevailing faction, more able or _more for-tunate than his competitors,-turns this disposition to the pUrposes of his own elevation on the ruins of public liberty. "Without looking forward to an extremity of this kind{which nevertheless ought not to,  be enr. tirely out of sight) the common and continual chiefs of the spirit of party are sufficient to make it the interest and duty of a wise people to discourage and restrain it." " It serves always to distract the public councils and enfeeble the public administration. It agitates the community with ill-founded jealousies and false alarms; kindles the animosities of one part against another; foments occasionally -riot and insurrection. It opens the door to foreign influence and corrup-tion,-which finds a facilitated access to the govern-ment-itself through the channels of party passion. Thus-the policy and the will of one country are sub- jected to the policy and will of another. " There is an opinion that parties in free coun-tries are useful checks upon the administration of the government and serve to keep alive the spirit of liberty. This within certain limits is probably true; and in governments of a monarchical cast patriotism may look with indulgence, if not with favor, upon the spirit of party.-  But in those of the popular character, in governments purely elective, it is a spirit not to be encouraged. From their natural tendency it is Cer-tain there will always be enough of that spirit for every salutary purpose; and there being constant danger of excess the effort ought to be by force of public opinion to mitigate and assuage it. A fire not to be quenched, it demands a uniform vigilance to prevent, its bursting into a flame lest, instead of warn-ing, it Should consume."ŠFrom the Farewell Address of George Washington, September 17, 1796. Vide The Messages and Papers of the Presidents-by Hon. James D. Richardson, of Tennessee, vol.-  1, pp, 213 et seq. PERCY T. MAGAN. (Continued next week.) CATHOLIC INDIAN SCHOOLS. THIS article which we reprint verbatim, including the heading; from the Catholic Standard and Times of Philadelphia, shows most conclusively that 'the question of Catholic Indian Schools is not settled. Depend upon it, we shall very soon hear more upon this subject. The Standard's article is as follows: Non-Sectarianism Spells Protestantism. " Recently we showed by the terms of official re-ports from the. Bureau of Education, Washington,  D. C., that in Alaska grants of money and live stock are being systematically paid to Protestant missions in Alaska through the Rev. Sheldon Jackson. Alaska stands in relation to the United States in much the smile position as the Indian Territories. Recently it-was stated, publicly and emphatically, that the Government had once for all made up its mind that no more money would be paid to contract schools of any denomination, and it has rigidly carried out its stern decree in regard to the unhappy Catholic Indians. "As for those who are not Catholics, so far as their material interests are concerned, they are in noway affected by the decision. Practically the'change of policy means the coercion of the Indians to accept the Protestant.religion or starve. The methods by _ which this insidious scheme is being worked are graphically described in a number of letters now given to the world in the November issue of the Messenger of the Sacred Heart. One of them tells how in a certain agency nineteen public schools have - been erected under cover of being non-sectarian. All these are simply Protestant schools, and open and undisguised Protestant teaching is given in some. This is exemplified in the fact that Bibles are being given in them by Protestant clergymen and the children are being compulsorily baptized in the Protestant faith, even against their protests. _ "These flagrant violations both of the--Constitu-tion and the Government's stern declarations againSt the sectarian principle are being perpetrated under Circumstances which make the proselytism a thou-sand fold more intolerable and galling. In the faCt that it is.the Indians' own money that is being util-ized to paganize or Protestantize them is found- the very cynicism of arbitrary wrong. The Indians in,  some of those places have petitioned that their Children be sent to Catholic schools and the expense be deducted from the allowance made to them, under covenant, in, lieu of the lands they handed over to the Government. But these petitions the rigidly impartial State Department has stoically refused. The Indians must not do as they please with their own money, but must have it bestowed as martinets in Washington and in Congress wish. " Meanwhile the pall of starvation hangs over the the Catholic schools. Nothing more pitiable than-the present condition of the schools thus left dere-lict ever appealed to the hearts of the just and mer-ciful. The teaching staffs in many cases.  are in a state of absolute famine, and the few poor Indian charges whom they have left, suffer the pangs of hunger as well. The children pine under ' half rations,' while the religious who teach them half starve themselves in Order to spare their slender store for their more tender charges. Think of itl 