156 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Studies in French History.-12. "ANOTHER thing which King Philip did," began Pro-fessor Carman, "was to permit his son Louis VIII. to go over to England with an armyŠwhich the English barons had invited him to doŠin order to take the throne from King John, whom they did not at all like. But John soon died, and popular opinion agreed that his innocent son, Henry, ought to have the throne. So Louis went back home." "0, Professor Carman! Milly Brown has an essay about Louis IX.," piped Harry Ray. "Is that so, Milly? When did you write it?" Yesterday," said Milly, blushing. "Well, we may as well hear it, if you have no objec-tions. Just step right up here. Milly." "I don't know that it will be at all good, teacher; but mother and Aunt Fannie wanted me to try," and Milly began:Š "Louis the Eighth, the som of Philip II., did not reign more than three years. He married a very nice woman, who was noted for her good common sense, and her won-derful tact. Her name was Blanche. "When. Louis VIII. died, his wife Queen Blanche was the regent of the kingdom.. Little Louis the Ninth was then only twelve years old." "Will Milly please tell what `regent' means?" inter-rupted Jack Smith, "I have an idea, but I'm not quite sure." "I suppose it is one empowered to act in the place of a king or queen," replied Milly, at which Professor Car-man nodded assent, and Milly proceeded:Š "While Queen Blanche was regent, the nobles, relieved by the death of the firm Philip, determined to have things their own way again. But Blanche managed to get along with them, and by her great tact, avoided trouble. She chose a wife for Louis IX., as the custom was, and Louis was so fond of her that his mother feared he would neglect his other duties for the sake of being in her company. So, to escape her watchful eyes, they used to meet on a stairway, and talk and visit to their heart's content, and the sentinels would pound on the floor as a warning, when the queen appeared; so we see that some kings can't al-ways do just as they want to. "Louis IX. was very nice looking and graceful in his bearing, and for a while, when quite young, was fond of nice clothes and fine equipage. But after a few years he  began to dress with great simplicity, and to show an in-clination toward religion, which was quite remarkable, though at his brilliant wedding no one would have im-agined that he would ever be called 'Saint Louis.' "He was a very good man, history says, a kind hus-band, neighbor and son. But he was foolish enough to insist upon going off to Palestine to fight the Turks. This was a very sad mistake. The great reason for his undertaking this crusade was, that he was taken very ill, and so he made a vow that if he got well, he would take an army over to Jerusalem. So I suppose he thought he had to keep his vow. He reigned horn 1226 to 1270, or forty-four years." "Very good, Milly; you `have brought out a great many truths in your essay. In fact you have done well; I hope it will not be long before others follow your ex-ample." "I know there is very much more about Louis IX., professor, but I did not have time to study his history any longer." "Well, perhaps, it would be well to talk a little more about him," said Professor Carman. "As Milly says, it was a foolish piece of business for him to start out for Palestine, but there were dreadful things happening in Asia. The Mongul Tartars were butchering the Christians, and Louis thought he must do something at once. These barbarians used to murder people, and then make piles or pyramids of their heads. They even stamped the dreadful word 'destruction' on their money. "At last, after an extensive preparation, Louis started out, and when lie came near to the city of Damietta, in Egypt, he was so eager for the fight that he jumped into the water and waded ashore." "Was the city taken?" asked Florence Ray. "Yes; but some how the king failed to make a per-manent success of it. Next was fought the dreadful bat-tle of Mansourah, in the'narrow streets of which city the wretched French soldiers who had succeeded in forcing their way into the city were miserably massacred. The men who escaped fought bravely and gained some victo-ries, but the climate was so deadly that many died, and the poor sick king was finally taken prisoner with all his army." "It seems so strange," said Joe Palmeter, "that it took them so long to learn that the battles of the Lord,  ought never to be fought with the sword." "Yes, indeed, Joseph, but that lesson has to be learned and re-learned in every age. At last the king gave the.  city of Damietta back again for his ransom. This gener-osity so pleased the sultan that he made a rebate of one fifth of the price he had at first demanded from the Chris-tians." "Meanwhile, I wonder what became of poor Queen Marguerite," said Harry Ray. "Did she go with him?" "Yes; and she suffered much from anxiety while he was a prisoner. She cautioned the old knight who was nursing her to kill her if the Saracens should take the 