524 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Spain. Among his successful operations has been the establishment of a Protestant college in Madrid, cost_ ing $50,000, which is now under roof and rapidly ap-proaching completion. This success has aroused the opposition of the clericals, and the bishops of Vitoria, Santander, Leon and Valencia, together with the arch-bishop of Burgos, have united in a strong appeal to the government, demanding that this insult to the religion of the State be stopped, and that the noble sacrifices of the people for the preservation of the integrity of the State be rewarded by such protection to their religious rights. At latest reports the government has ignored this appeal." Trial of Mr. Bell, of Tupperville, Ont., for Sun-day Desecration. THE following notes relative, to the trial of Mr. Bell, at Tupperville, Ont., for Sunday'vvork, as announced in our last issue, are from a letter by Eld. P. M. Howe, a member of the Adventist community at Chatham, Ont. Elder Howe was present at the trial, and sends the fol-lowing under date of August 11:Š "Brother Bell asked me to talk for him in the case. They brought only three witnesses against him. The constable laid the complaint. The chief witness, Mr. Mc-Kay, swore that he was forty rods or more away from Mr. Bell at the time, and that he thought Mr. Bell was working. When I asked Mr. McKay what he was doing so far back on his farm on Sunday, he replied, 'I was salting my sheep.' He thought that was a work of ne-cessity and did not think Mr. Bell was doing work of ne-cessity, for he had a horse in the field. The justice refused to take any of the testimony in cross-examination. The whole matter was illegally conducted from start to finish. "We explained Brother Bell's reasons for pleading `Not Guilty,' and held that the enforcement of the stat-ute as now amended would involve every farmer in trouble if he' had an enemy who wished to take advantage of it'  to get revenge. "All testified that Brother Bell was a kind, good neighbor,, and very accommodating. He had furnished wheat for seed and flour for bread for a long time to the chief witness who came into court to swear him into jail if possible. It is a singular fact that Sunday laws are all based on false premises, and when enforced, nearly every case is so obscure that men must be found who will swear falsely to secure conviction. "Brother Bell works every Sunday, but has been careful to go back into his fields. I visited his place yes-terday, and the potato patch where he was seen July 25th is about eighty rods back from the road. It is fifty-five rods from where his neighbor was salting sheep, with several'rows of thick high corn growing between. "The justice in summing up the case said that this trouble had all arisen over a little matter of difference in religious belief; but in his mind he believed that the tes-timony taken showed that Mr. Bell had worked on the sabbath, the 25th of July, and other sabbaths. Tasked him if he was trying Mr. Bell for sabbath breaking; so he corrected himself and called it the ' Lord's day.' "He said he felt like being very easy with Mr. Bell, 'be- cause of his peculiar belief about keeping Saturday, but the law of the land must be obeyed.. Therefore he would only fine Mr. Bell $5 and costs, or fifteen days in jail, with ten days' to pay fine or take an appeal." Upon notice being given that the case would be appealed, the justice concluded to dismiss the ease, with-out costs, which was accordingly done. •11,- Ł THE National Reform Association is hi the field again with a call for a national convention to be held in Phila-delphia, December 7-9, for the furtherance of National Reform plans. This means that another special effort will be made this winter to force the Government to pro-fess Christianity, by act of Congress. THE Atlanta Journal (Ga.), of August 2, makes men-tion of the arrest of Dr. Joseph Jacobs, proprietor of a drug store in Atlanta, for doing work in his store on Sunday. The Sunday law of Georgia has been quite generally disregarded by merchants and business men throughout the State, and the case of Mr. Jacobs will test the practicability of enforcing it to the letter upon all classes of citizens. Sunday at Atlantic City. ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., is enforcing a Sunday-closing ordinance which "regulates" the running of amusements on that day. The following cases of arrest have been re-ported:Š G. DeDoneau (Parisian Illusions); convicted and sen-tenced to ten days in the city jail. Ł John T. Flood & Co. (Merry-go-Round); bound over to court. Haines & Clements (Toboggan Slide), H. Gable, man-ager; tried and sentenced but served with writ of certio-rari, and case will be reviewed in the Supreme Court. This list is furnished by the mayor of Atlantic City. THE following letter from a subscriber in Missouri is appreciated: "1 am seventy-six years old, and am afflicted in many ways, but when , I received your invitation to kindly aid in securing a few subscribers under your spe-cial offer, I thought how pleased I would be if I could send you even one subscription, but I am glad to tell you that I have been able to secure five, for which I enclose the money, and I' hope to send you others before the offer closes. I have been a constant reader of the SENTINEL ever since its first issue, and 1 prize it highly. My prayer is that God may bless it and every one employed thereon." ELD. D. F. CURTIS, of Wasioja, Minn., a veteran min-ister and staunch friend of the SENTINEL, in sending in his third subscription order, says: "I rejoice to learn of 