AMERICAN SENTINEL. 201 Two SALOON-KEEPERS, of Pemberville, 0., have been ned $150 and $200 respectively, for violation of the Sunday-closing law. ONE of the chief causes operating at present to force interference on the part of the "Christian nations" in the affairs of China, is the necessity that is felt for giv-ing governmental protection to Christian missionaries laboring in that country. This supposed necessity is especially felt at this time, because of the active hos-tility of a Chinese organization known as "the boxers,' who aim to drive out or kill all the missionaries and "foreign devils" within their reach. As the missionaries are in many instances several hundred miles inland, the problem of giving adequate protection without landing troops on Chinese territory is a difficult one. A Wash-ington dispatch says on this point:Š '1`The state department is in a quandary to devise means to render effective protection to the American missionaries at Shan Tung. The difficulty lies in the fact that the missionaries have in most cases gone as far as 200 miles inland, and are thus beyond reach of any aid that can be extended from a war ship. Minister Conger's advices show that the situation is further complicated by the fact that the location of the present troubles is so far inland as to make it difficult to deter-mine whether or not the 'boxers' are operating in Shan Tung, or across the border in Pechili province."  Dorchester claimed the workman could get away from work on secular days if he was enough interested. Even if he lost his wages it,  was no worse than for other peo-ple to lose their time. Other speakers were William Shaw, treasurer of the United Society of Christian En-deavor, Representative Robinson of Springfield, and A. B. F. Kenney of Worcester." What decision, if any, has been reached in the mat-ter we have not yet learned. ACCOUNTS have been received from Chesterfield County, South Carolina, of the murder by burning and torture of a young white woman, unaccused of any crime. The motive behind the terrible deed, so far as any appears, was jealousy growing out of the girl's preference in the matter of her male acquaintances. There is every reason for believing that such shock-ing occurrences are the natural result of familiarity with scenes or descriptions of torture and the infliction of "cruel and unusual punishments" put under ban by the Constitution as characteristic only of a savage race. Such scenes unfortunately belong to the history of recent events in some of the Southern States. On such occasions more harm is done to the community than can be offset by any possible good secured by the acts of vengeance. Such occasions can only be demor-alizing in the highest degree. Not only do they substi-tute anarchy for law and government, but they arouse and encourage passions against which civilization everywhere has erected legal barriers. These passions, at first exercised for the protection of white women, appear now to be reacting with precisely the opposite effect upon this very class. Nothing can be more effec-tive in providing safety for a community than regard for law and order. Ł Protection to the missionaries, it would seem from this, may be the plea under which military occupation of Chinese territory will be accomplished by the United States. A BILL recently introduced in the Massachusetts legislature aims to repeal the laws against fishing and shooting game in that State on Sundays. A hearing was given on the bill, of which we find this mention in the Springfield Republican of March 21:Š "There was a large delegation before the committee of fisheries and game this morning in opposition to the bill of Representative MacCartney to allow Sunday shooting. Rev. M. D. Kneeland of the Sabbath Pro-tective League made the point that the census officials have stated that in three-fifths of the country's area game was being annihilated. Rev. W. H. Albright of "As ONE result of American occupancy of Manila," says the Wine and Spirit News, "the liquor business has reached enterprising proportions, and is now considered as one of the leading, as well as one of the respectable, kinds of business. Says one correspondent: 'On the Escolta, the principal street, only a quarter of a mile long, there were but two places where intoxicating liquors were sold when we entered the city, whereas now there are eighteen. There are three hundred licensed places in the city where liquors may be obtained,licenses costing $3 per year. The income of the largest, the Alhambra, is stated on good authority to be $700 per night. Already the street cars are topped with large signs detailing the exquisite qualities of certain whiskies. One quarter of the daily issue of the principal English newspaper published is devoted to extolling the perfec-tion of a brand of beer, while the largest drug store in 