$64 Amnittc.A.N VOL. 8. No. 46. weave in the hope of forming a universal religious fraternity. But the covering, though like Joseph's coat, of many hues, must ever be narrower than that a man can wrap himself in it. Christ only can so wrap a man around that the soul shall be at ease. The purpose of the parliament was set forth on the opening, day in this utter-ance:Š We seek to unite in this congress all religion against irreligion; to make the Golden Rule the basis of this union, and to present to the world substantial unity of many religions in the good deeds of the religious life. Without controversy or any attempt to pronounce judgment upon any matter of faith, or worship, or religious opinion, we seek a better knowledge of the religious condi-tion of all mankind, with an earnest desire to be useful to each other and to all others who love truth and righteousness. The Apostle Paul should here be heard. Under his sturdy blows some planks of the platform would vibrate and be loos-ened; the boughs of the mustard tree would shake and some of the fine-plumaged birds, these fair but false reli-gious systems, would be compelled to seek other shelter. The apostle was determined to know nothing among men but Christ and him crucified. He could not believe in Lords many and Gods many. He pro-claimed one faith, one Lord, one baptism. There was with him one God and Father of us all, and one Lord Jesus Christ. As the revelation of the Father and the only Redeemer of the lost, Paul preached Christ. It was, with him the religion of the Cross against. all irreligion. To unite all reli-gions against irreligion is a Utopian scheme. As well try to make a rope of sand. It is a theory wrong in its incep-tion because dishonoring and debasing Christianity, and it is impracticable of execution.ŠNew York Observer. The Power Unto Salvation. It is true there never was a time when there were more efforts being put forth, professedly, in the interests of salvation for man and the Nation. All seem to acknowledge that power is necessary to the accomplishment of this work, but it is, also evident that there is a lack of har-mony as to the source of the power, and the means of obtaining it. When we look over the various socie-ties,, unions, etc., an this line, and see the course pursued, we incline to the conclu-sion that the mine of power is seen, by many, at least, in organizations. But when we see that organizations are made up of men and women, we again conclude that they see the power in themselves. We listen to the voice of organization, however, before passing judgment, and from almost every direction, whether from the Church as such, or from its pro-fessed auxiliary organizations, the trum-pet is blowing with no uncertain sound. Listen! Here is a, blast from a ministerial con-vention. " What we want is law in this matter [for the establishment of their ideas of salvation], and we are going to have it too; and when we get it we will show . . . that their time is short." Where is the power here ? " What we want is law," in this they acknowledge that they do not have the power, but when they get the law they will have the power. Then the power must be in the law. But what is law ? It is but the voice of man ; it is a product of man. Therefore the cry from individuals or or- ganizations for " law " is but the voice of man, for more power of man to save man. But some will say at this point, " It is not man's law we want, it is God's law." Very well. Do you mean to say that you do not have God's law; and if not, what have you done with it ? It has been on record, in God's statute book, for over three thousand years, and has been sealed by the finger of the eternal God himself on tables of stone at Mount Sinai, and all down the ages since then in the hearts of his true people. Please read Ex. 20:1-17; Heb. 8: 10. If it is God's law that men want they are without excuse if they do not have it, and in their hearts too. But that is just the trouble here. It is not in the heart that it is wanted, but in the Constitutionand statute books of our Nation. Listen again! " We propose to incorporate in our na-tional Constitution the moral and religious command, etc." Again, " Have the Gov-ernment set up the moral law. . . . Inscribe this character on our Constitu-tion." No man desires to see any such law, or any law for that matter, on our statute books, unless he desires to see it enforced either upon himself or some one else (usually some one else); therefore, every man or woman who is working to connect the moral and religious law with the Gov-ernment, is laying plans for the enforce-ment of morality and religion. Not a few have admitted this in language like the following :Š" Have the Government simply set up the moral law . . . and lay its hands on any religion that does not conform to it." This testimony shows not only that morality is to be enforced, but it is that kind of morality that is called religion. Again, " By external force of sheriffs we propose to arrest and punish all violators of this [moral] law." Let those who will, remember the Sab-bath to keep it holy, from motives of love and obedience; the remnant must be made to do so through fear of law." Call it the law of God all we may, but if it is ever put into our national Consti-tution or statutes, man will put it there; then man must put with it the penalty for its violation; then man must execute the penalty, and this makes it a man's affair, and it never can be anything else. Since Christ came into this world, God has never made men the ministers of his law. Again, we ask, what is the object in all this ? The only answer that can be given is, to make men "holy," or make them act as though they were holy, by law. " Those who will not keep it [the moral' commandment] holy, from motives of love, must be made to do so through fear of law." All the holiness man can get from forced obedience will be the holiness there is in the compelling power; but as has been often shown, the only compelling power (for religious acts) is man, and he only while he is separated from the gospel of God. God says that all of man's right-eousness or holiness " is as filthy rags." Isa. 64:6. Therefore, is it not true that the best thing organizations, for the en-forcement of religious dogmas, can give to poor sinners is man-made righteous-ness ? This is the power unto salvation that is being aggressively sought after! This is the power of man unto salvation, but it is not the power of God unto sal-vation ! The law of God is " love " and that is just what his service is, therefore it must be from the heart, and from the heart only, to be at all acceptable to God; and  that love and service can only come through faith in Jesus Christ. There- fore,' says Paul, " I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." This is the power men ought to seek after to-day. There is no holiness or goodness for a single sinner in this world that has, or ever can, come to man only through the gospel of God. " For there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved." Acts 4 :12. Law cannot accomplish holiness in a single sinner, no, not even the " holy " and " perfect " law of God. Why ? for, " By the deeds of the law [by doing the law] there shall no flesh be justified [made righteous or holy] in his sight. . . . for all have sinned and come short." Rom. 3: 20, 23. " Is the law then against the promises of God ? God forbid; for if there had been a law given which could have given life, verily righteousness [holi-ness] should have come by the law. But the Scripture hath concluded all under sin, that the promise by faith of Jesus Christ might be given. Gal. 3 : 21, 22. Thus it is seen again that since sin came into this world there has been no law given that can possibly give life; hence there is no law, however thoroughly en-forced upon a sinner, that can ever give him, or develop in him, one particle of holiness. * * * Nature and Effect of American Sunday Laws.* THE religious dogma, then, of the idle and cheerless Sunday is not a Christian dogma at all, but a dogma of the Crom-wellian Church militant. The develop-ment of this dogma is as curious as the origin of the first Sunday law, which, as we have seen, was avowedly created in honor of Mithra, the sun god, and apply-ing as it did to work alone, and very par-tially to that, of course established nothing like " our American Sunday." The dis-tinguishing attribute of the Puritan was moroseness. His pet aversion was gaiety, light-heartedness, play, sport. To be se-rious, solemn, and gloomy was, outwardly at least, to manifest a respect for Puritan ideas, to be Puritan-like, if not Puritan. When the Puritans got the power to com-pel by law special " observance " of their sacred day, they naturally turned their minds in the first instance to the require-ment of that form of observance which was calculated to make everybody, exter-nally at least, respectful toward the puri-tanic idea, and imitative of the puritanic deportment and behavior. Their first Sunday legislation, therefore, was directed against sports, play, diversions, visiting from one parish to another, etc. It was'  not till they had been tinkering at the subject for about fifty years that it oc-curred to them to prohibit work as a " profanation " of " the Sabbath." And even then it was not work per se that they objected to. It was only work of one's " ordinary calling." Thus, a carpenter might engage in blacksmithing, and a farmer build on his house; and persons who had no "ordinary calling," e. g., noblemen and tramps, remained as free on Sunday as on other days. In consequence of the application of these words, " ordin-ary calling," by the English courts they * By James T. Ringgold, member of the Baltimore Bar, and author of "The Law of Sunday." etc., etc. 