206 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Sunday Question in Cleveland. THE Cleveland, Ohio, Secular Union has become somewhat stirred up over the Sunday question because of the efforts of the ministers in that city to enforce the observance of the day upon all classes. We have no sympathy whatever with the religious views of these secularists, but we do claim that so far as man is concerned they have as good a right to their views as anyone else ; the fact of their being infidels should not place them outside the protection of the laws nor deprive them of the enjoyment of citizenship with all its privileges. Neither should a man be made an offender for a word, or for his faith. But erroneous as are the views held by these men, they have evidently arrived at a pretty thorough understanding of this Sunday question. We quote a single paragraph from their open letter to the ministers of Cleveland. They refer these gentlemen to the fact that according to the Scriptures, Sunday is not the Sabbath, and that according to the same authority the seventh and not the first day of the week is sacred. They then say :Š " Sunday was set apart for the sabbath simply as a matter of convenience. You will not deny this, we are sure. That being admitted, then what binding force should it have on those who do not care to observe it ? Is it not a direct wrong for a certain class of citizens to try to oblige other citizens to observe their religious days? Is it not a violation of individual rights for a religious sect to endeavor by law to force other sects or systems to observe their ceremonies ? " The only fault we have to find with this para-graph is the implication that if Sunday were in-deed set apart by divine authority it would be proper to enforce its observance by civil law. This is a grave error. To admit that the State has a right to enforce any religious observance is to admit the whole question; for if it has a right to enforce those things which are of divine ap- pointment it must of necessity have a right to de-cide what things are of divine authority. The true principle and the only tenable position is, that the State can of right have .,othing whatever to do with either defining or enforcing religious duties. National Reform in Tennessee. OBION, OBION COUNTY, TENN., 1. June 28, 1889. EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL: I send you the following copy of the steps taken against R. M. King, for working on Sunday:Š STATE OF TENNESSEE, Obion County. To ANY LAWFUL OFFICER OF THE STATE : W. W. Dobbins having given information on oath to me, that R. M. King did, on the 23d day of June, 1889, it being Sunday or the Sabbath-day, and in State and county as aforesaid, and District No. 9, did publicly plow in his field, in violation of the law. You are therefore hereby commanded to forthwith arrest the said R. M. King and bring him before me, or some justice of the peace for said county, to be dealt with as the law directs. Given under my hand, this June 24, 1889. J. 4. PARKS. STATE OF TENNESSEE, Obion County. This day personally appeared before me, J. A. Barker, an acting justice of the peace for said county, W. W. Dobbins, and made oath in due form that one R. M. King did, on the 23d day of June, 1889, it being Sunday or the Sabbath-day, in Obion County, Tennessee, District No. 9, pub- licly plow in his field. W. W. DOBBINS. Sworn to and subscribed before me, this June 24, 1889. J. A. BARKER, J. P. The trial is set for July 5, 1889. The recent heavy rains have placed farm crops in such a condition that farmers feel that it is necessary to work every hour they can in order to save their grain and growing crops. R. M. King is a strict observer of the seventh day of the week, and had rested on June 22 as he conscientiously believes it to be his duty to do, so on the 23d, being the first day of the week,. he went quietly about his work cultivating corn. He says he was in fact very quiet ; the corn was tall and he was almost hid from view, and made no disturbance whatever. The Sunday before, one of his neighbors who makes no profession of religion cut wheat from 9 A. M. till the close of the day with a self-binder machine, with several hands, yet no one com-plained about it, although he had not rested the day before. Just three weeks before R. M. King did the plowing (cultivating) for which he is to be prosecuted, one of his neighbors rafted logs all day on Sunday, working seven or eight hands and making much noise. This man is a member of the Presbyterian Church in good standing, and in good worldly circumstances. Mr. W. W. Dobbins is a member of the Meth-odist Church. One of his brethren drove the reaper a part of the day on the Sunday before R. M. King plowed in his field. Yet Mr. Dobbins made no complaint about a member of his own church working on Sunday. He did not com-plain about his Presbyterian neighbor's rafting logs on Sunday and working mules in order to get the logs to the water. These men made the usual amount of noise that teamsters make in drawing timber. The timber was not in danger of being swept away by the water, but they sim-ply took advantage of the stage of the water in order to save time and do a big day's work. The owner of the timber told R. M. King that he worked on Sunday in order to take advantage of the water, as he desired to get the timber out be-fore the water would fall in the bottom. WM. COVERT. THE Christian Nation, a National Reform or-gan published in New York City, intimates that Dr. Vincent, recently strangled to death by an apparatus for the treatment of spinal disease, with which he was experimenting, and also Mind-reader Bishop, were the victims of divine dis-pleasure because they both experimented on Sun-daY4. Would it not be well for the Nation to first show that God himself has any special regard for Sunday before jumping to the conclusion that he is sending judgment upon those who fail to ob-serve it according to the National Reform order ? And while our contemporary is about it we would like to have it account for the fact that not a few ministers have dropped dead while preaching on Sunday, and also that no longer ago than May 26, a minister was struck by lightning in his pulpit on Sunday at the New Liberty Christian Church, in Fountain County, Indiana.ŠSigns of the Times. THE morality as derived from religion which the State needs will be best supplied by the con-finement of its agency to things temporal and the entire omission on the part of any attempt to administer things spiritual. The State can do religion no favor so great as to have nothing to do with it, and itself no favor so great as to let relig-ion alone. The moment the two are put in alli-ance with __each other both are injured.ŠSpear. What is Rest? Ł WHAT is known as the " Sunday-rest " move-ment is again coming to the front, and the public may confidently expect a well-organized lobby to precipitate itself upon Congress early in the next session, and through its spokesman in the Senate, urge the passage of a rigid national law em-bracing its views' of the proper observance of Sun- day  These " Sunday-rest " advocates try very hard to avoid the charge that their movement is an attempt to secure State interference with relig-ion, and their arguments are ingenious and plau-sible; but they are not likely to mislead men who are fit to represent the people. . . . The claim is made that legislative interference for the observ-ance of Sunday would be good for the bodies and minds of the public, and that this divests it of its re-ligious character;, but so long as Sunday, the day upon which the majority of people worship God, is singled out for legislative experiment, the convic-tion will remain that it is an effort to connect Church and StateŠsomething that the Constitu-tion expressly repudiates, and the past horrors of which should be a sufficient warning to intelligent people. To restore the " Puritan Sunday " throughout the United States might have the effect of increas-ing church membership, but it is very doubtful if there would be a corresponding increase of sincere religion. Those who would be driven into the fold under the operation of an oppressive law would be like the conscripts forced to fight against their principlesŠa leaven of dissatisfaction to corrupt the entire army. But may not the people, after all, have as just and sensible ideas of the way to worship God and regulate their own conduct on Sunday as these self-constituted guardians? There are many, pos-sibly a large majority of the inhabitants of the United States, who sincerely believe that God is better pleased with the innocent enjoyment of his creatures, even on Sunday, than with their en-forced torture, under the guise of rest and respect for the day. What is rest ? Can one who is com-pelled to work during the week be said to rest on Sunday if he has to go unwillingly to church ? . . . Do the nerves take on a healthy tone, the muscles regain their elasticity, or the mental facul-ties expand, because the spade or pick-axe is cast aside, or the weary toil of the counter is temporarily abandoned? There will be relaxation, of course; so there is in the unstrung bow, but unless the archer bends the latter in the opposite direction, its strength and springiness soon pass away. Rest means change, as well as relaxation. Those who advocate GoVernment interference with Sunday can rest whenever they please. They are not confined to one day in the week, but can vary their pursuits and pleasures to suit their whims or necessities, and they are unable to appreciate the longing of the hard-worked toiler for one day in seven when he can do as he pleases without the intervention of bosses and superintendents, or the equally irksome provisions of a tyrannical law, provided he does not interfere with the rights and privileges of his neighbor. To suppose that God grudges him his rest or his innocent enjoyment is to deny the attributes of the Most High. The man who goes to church on Sunday morning is none the worse for rational enjoyment in the after- noon and evening, and whether he is or not, the Government has nothing whatever to do with it. ŠSedalia, Mo., Bazoo, June 28, 1889. 