MARCH 7, 1895. IVIllb.jEEI CAW SINir  75 membership and the greatest number of its local conferences. The United States alone has thirty-two organized and self-supporting conferences, besides the Southern DistrictŠa General Conference mission field. Canada has two organized, self-supporting conferences and a General Conference mission field. The work in Great Britain is under the supervision of the British Mission, with headquarters at London. The other conferences and missions in Europe are: the Central European Confer-ence, the Danish Conference, the Conference of Norway, the Conference of Sweden, the German Mission, and the Russian Mission. The other foreign conferences are the South African Conference, the Australasian Union Conference, the New Zealand Conference and the Polynesian Mission. Work directly under the direction of the Foreign Mission Board is also being carried on in India, China— and the newly-opened portions of Africa. A mission-ary ship is rapidly spreading among the nu-merous islands of Oceanica a knowledge of the " gospel of the kingdom." Seventh-day Adventists have no creed but the Bible. They depend for unity not upon written creeds, not upon resolutions of synods or votes of conferences, but upon the Spirit of God which the Saviour promised to send to lead his people into all truth. Hence, while in their conferences they sometimes earnestly discuss doctrine, they never by vote decide questions of faith, and yet they are the most united people upon the face of the globe. Their conferences are models of order and system, being devoted to Bible study, gener-ally in the form of lectures, with privilege of asking questions; to devotional and social services, and to the transaction of business. Their local work is supported by tithes vol-untarily paid by the members. (This is not made a test of fellowship.) Their foreign work is sustained by special donations, and freewill offerings made for the purpose of sending the gospel into " the regions beyond." Seventh-day Adventists, as their name indi-cates, are observers of the seventh day of the week. This day they hold to be " the Sab-bath" and " Lord's day" of the New Testa-ment, as it is admittedly " the Sabbath" of the Old. With them the fourth command-ment of the Decalogue stands upon an equality with the other nine; all are to be kept, not outwardly merely, but from the heart; not by human effort, but by divine power received by faith in the Son of God, who, by a life of perfect righteousness, " condemned sin in the flesh; that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh but after the Spirit." Adventists do not, as is sometimes falsely charged, depend for salvation upon their ob-servance of the Sabbath. They regard all good works not as means of grace, but as the fruit of grace, and teach that true Sabbath-keeping is possible only to those who are in Christ, and that merely refraining from work and business on the seventh day of the week is not Sabbath-keeping. The law of God they hold to be spiritual and hence can be kept only by those who are spiritual. As is also indicated by their name, Seventh-day Adventists are believers in the literal, visible, second coming of Christ. This event they regard as near; but they hold to no def-inite time, believing that God has not revealed even the year of the second advent, much less the day and hour. And yet, because Seventh-day Adventists teach the near coming of Christ, they are repeatedly, either ignorantly or maliciously, charged with the time-setting folly of other bodies of Adventists. Nothing however could be farther from the truth. Seventh-day Adventists are evangelical; that is, Bible Christians, believing all things  that are written in the scriptures of the Old and New Testaments. Squaring their lives by the Word of God, they are a sober, indus- trious, law-abiding people. They are not found in our police or criminal courts, except as they are haled there for fidelity to the law of their God. But it may be asked, Why do not Adventists keep two days and thus avoid this persecution? The answer is that Advent-ists regard Sunday as a rival of the Sabbath of the Lord; and with them, to keep it would be to deny the Lord of the Sabbath. Even courts of justice have denied that refusing to keep Sunday is with Adventists a matter of conscience, and have branded their fidelity to their principles as mere obstinacy; but so did the Roman emperors and governors the refusal of the early Christians to offer incense to the Roman gods. The Christians were not forbidden, they argued, to worship their God; they were merely required also to honor the national gods. It is the same with the Adventists. It is said: They may keep the seventh day if they will, but they should also keep Sunday. But " no man can serve two masters." God has set forth the Sabbath as the badge of his authority; it is his ensign: " Moreover also I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them." Ezek. 20: 12. To give like recogni-tion to a rival sign would be the same as for soldiers to pay equal' honors to the flag of their rightful sovereign and to that of a rebel prince; for that is just what the Sunday is, the badge of antichrist, the sign of sun worship anciently and of the papacy in modern times, and of rebellion against God and his law from the fall until the present moment. It is the " wild solar holiday of all pagan times," and is to-day flaunted by Rome in the face of the world with the taunt that " by keeping Sun-day, they acknowledge the church's power to ordain feasts, and to command them under sin,' and " the observance of Sunday by Protestants is an homage [worship] they pay, in spite of themselves, to the authority of the [Roman Catholic] church."' Adventists are staunch friends of education, faithfully sustaining their schools where es-tablished and continually planting new ones. The educational secretary reported to the con-ference that there were three thousand stu-dents in their schools in this and other lands. Believing that it is a Christian duty to pre-sent not only the mind but the body a living sacrifice to God, and that all our powers should be sanctified to his service, in obedi-ence to the inspired injunction: " Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God," they eschew the use of all intoxicating liquors, tobacco, etc., and adopt a healthful though liberal diet. In short, with Adventists, religion is not something to be put on like a dress coat on the Sabbath and then to be carefully laid away for the " six working days," but is a living power designed to sanctify the life every day, to make one a better neighbor, a better husband, a better wife, a better father, a better mother, a better child; and eventually and above all, a citizen of that better country "wherein dwelleth righteousness." The success achieved by the Adventists since the holding of their first conference in 1849 is truly phenominal, especially in view of the fact that they have almost at every step encountered bitter opposition and not infre-quently open persecution. But with unswerv- 1  " Abridgment of the Christian Doctrine," by Rev. Henry Tuberville: Imprimatur, the Right Rev. Benedict, Bishop of Boston; Excelsior Catholic Publishing House, 5 Barclay Street, New York, 1833, page 58. 2  "Plain Talk about the Protestantism of To-day," by Mgr. Segur; Imprimatur, Joannes Josephus Episcopus, Boston; Thomas B. Noonan & Co., Boston, 1868 page 213. ing faith in God and in the justice of their cause they have moved steadily forward and have seen the work prosper in their hands. Battle Creek, Mich,. " PHYSICIAN, HEAL THYSELF." THIS proverb [" Physician, heal thyself"]  came to my mind the other day, while think-ing of the surprising activity recently dis-played in the political field by clergymen. A veritable political fever seems to have seized the church of our country. Ministers seem to have thrown aside their word and look of peace, and to have donned a fighting mien and a biting tongue. The spirit of the Puritans of old seems to reign once more, that spirit that sent the ministry forth with prayer book in one hand and with sword in the other, to in-voke God to conquer their enemies, and to do a little conquering for themselves. I myself have caught the contagion, or rather have been caught by it. I have been elected a member of the Committee of Ninety-five, in which the ministerial element strongly prevails. I accepted the honor, only on the condition that I be permitted to serve as a layman, and not as a clergyman, only with the understanding that I have been chosen by reason of my supposed fitness as a citizen, and not because I am supposed to possess certain influence as a clergyman. As a citizen, I owe sacred obligations to my country and my city, and am ready to discharge them whenever called upon. As a clergyman I know neither national lines nor political parties. As a Rabbi my country is as wide as the earth, and my fellow-citizens are all of human kind. This Committee of Ninety-five, which, if I am correctly informed, has sprung into exist-ence largely through the influence of the church, and which is composed of a goodly number of clergymenŠhas set for itself the ambitious task of cleansing this goodly city of all political corruption, and of selecting and electing the proper .men to legislate for us. It seems a noble mission, and yet I dread it, and I said so, and I dread it not so much for fear of failure as for fear of success. More than the corrupt politician do I fear the priest, pastor or rabbi in politics. The pass between the clergyman and the fanatic is a very narrow one, and is easily and speedily crossed, and, given the alternative between the tyranny of fanatics and the rule of the corruptest politicians, I would not hesitate to prefer the latter. One might shield himself against corruption; against fanaticism there is little protection. The Puritan in search of liberty of conscience inspired the thinking world with admiration; the Puritan, in pos-session of what he sought and for what he fought, debased his boon into a fanaticism that filled the hearts of men with horror. Since Parkhurst has been on the lips of the people, his fame seems to have become the yearning of preachers. Since Parkhurst, once denounced by his brethren, has scored a bril-liant victory, preachers all over the country, all forgetful of their one-time consternation, have developed a craze of becoming local Parkhursts. The Germans have a saying:Š " Es ist kein PfVflein noch so klein, Es milate gern ein PSpstlein sein," which, in these days, we might well render as There is no preacher yet so wee Who not a Parkhurst'd like to be, It is Wellington, I believe, who is reported to have said, after a very bloody victory: " Another such victory, and we are lost!" Another such political triumph as that which the church recently gained in New York would, I believe, saddle upon us, in time, a 