708 AMERICAN S EN TIN EL. American 'Sentinel. NEW YORE, NOVEMBER 10, 1898. A LITTLE internal expansion would be far better for the United States than much annexation of outside territory. THE nation which gives itself up to the pursuit of glory, is very apt to become dazzled by its brightness and make a fatal misstep. A CENTURY ago our forefathers fought Great Britain because of an-tagonism to the principle of "taxa-tion without representation." Now the nation is about to impose this -same thing upon the territory it has ,conquered from Spain. You may think there is no danger ,of a, revival of intolerance in this "free country." But the very fact that you and so many other people think this way, constitutes one of the chief causes for fearing that such a calamity may be realized. ONE great evil of "moral reform by law" is that the spasmodic effort to enforce the laws enacted for the purpose, and which often overstep the bounds of justice, is invariably followed by a reaction in which the wave of immorality sweeps over the -city and the state to a worse degree than before. The rule of "Tammany" in New YOrk City, for example, is even worse to day than it was before the famous Parkhurst crusade. If the principles of good government are not more openly disregarded now than then, the confidence of the peo-ple in them has been weakened by the-failure of that crusade to produce permanent results. A few failures turn the mass of the adherents of a reform movement over to the other side, and the cause of good govern-ment suffers to the extent that it was confounded in the public mind with the reform crusade; and this is often to no inconsiderable degree. Let  'laws be enacted solely to protect in-dividual rights,, and let immorality, as such, be combatted by Christian teaching and example. This will promote the welfare of the individual and of the state as well as it is possi-ble for human wisdom to do. A CALL has been issued for a na-tional "Christian Citizenship" con-ference, to be held in Washington, December 13-15 next. Thetopics to be discussed are: the limitation of the right of suffrage, civil service re-form, national laws forbidding prize-fighting, restricting divorce, and for-bidding polygamy; the "American civil Sabbath;" the army canteen; and the prohibition policy as related to Alaska and the Indian Territory. The call is signed by Rev. Josiah Strong, president of the League for Social Service; Anthony Comstock, Secretary of the Society for the Pre-vention of Vice; Mrs. Mary H. Hunt; and Mrs. M. D. Ellis, of the W. C. T. U., and others. THERE can be no such thing as lib-eralizing a bad law. A thing that is bad ought to be cast out; a bad prin-ciple ought to be repudiated alto-gether. To dress a bad principle in the garb of liberality is only to dis-guise its evil; and evil in disguise is worse than evil in all its ugliness. Let the bad principle be replaced by a good one. This will apply directly to the matter of Sunday legislation. Ambad" Sunday law is really less dangerous than the so-called good ones. THERE have been rumors of a mili-tary plot in the French army in Paris, aiming at the overthrow of the civil government; and more evi-dence has been found to substantiate them than usually exists behind mere rumor. A sudden revolution in FranceŠa coup d' etat, as the French themselves call itŠmust be counted as among the probabilities of the near future. In the Roman republic the army finally took the affairs of state into its own hands, and the  same thing may occur in the French republic. In a republic, a great mili-tary power doesŁ not balance well with the civil government. Milita-rism is suited only to a monarchy. FROM a circular sent out by Mr. Geo. B. Knapp, Secretary of the Na-tional Armenian Relief Committee, it appears that time has byno means ameliorated the condition of the Armenian refugees since the massa-cres by the Kurds and Turks. The condition of these wretched people, who wander about from one district to another, and are welcome in none, is described as touching the extreme limit of desperateness, and they have no prospect of relief. A few months ago representative men in civilized lands talked long and loud about the duty of "Christian nations" to-Ward Armenia; but the war in Cuba, famine and plague in India, the re-conquest of the Soudan and' the prospects of war between England and one or more of the Powers of Europe, has turned public attention in these lands away from the Arme-nians, and they have been forgotten. Thus their situation appears to 'have become more hopeless than before. A REPORT comes from Berlin that one result of Emperor William's visit to Palestine is an agreement between the emperor and the sultan, by which Germany will guarantee the integrity of the sultan's possessions in Asia, receiving in return special commer-cial and industrial privileges. THE best government is not that which does most to "help" an indiv-idual in his own affairs, but which leaves him most at liberty to help himself and develop the traits of true manhood. "WAR," says the Christian Witness, "is always demoralizing to a nation," and "always a school of immorality for the rising generation." 