A ROMAN CATHOLIC priest, of Chi--cago, Father Heldman, is a candi-date for election to Congress, and has received a letter from the head official of the Epworth League, Rev. Edwin Schell, promising him the sup-port of his vote and his voice in his campaign. The Epworth League is a Methodist religious organization, having a membership of over a mill-ion and a half; and of this organiza-tion Mr. Schell is the general secre-tary. Mr. Schell has discovered that the present representative of his con- "THE kingdom of God is within you," said Jesus Christ; and hence his kingdom is "not of this world." Christ's kingdom is advanced only by means which operate in the heart; the kingdoms of the world only by means which cannot reach the heart. The one is by faith; the other by force. This is a distinction always overlooked by those who think to establish the kingdom of God on earth by legislation and politics; but it is a vital distinction, and cannot be overlooked by him who sees the truth. 416 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW Yoxz, JULY 1899. A READER of the SENTINEL asks us to explain what imperialism has to do with religious liberty. The SEN-TINEL has been explaining this for some time, but will be glad to keep on explaining as long as there are honest people wbo desire to be en-lightened. Imperialism is a name designating government by the consent of some of the governed. True republican government is government by the consent of all of the governed. It rests upon the doctrine that "all men are created equal," and "are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights." If it is true that all men have "certain unalienable rights," and that "to preserve these rights gov-ernments are instituted among men," it is necessarily true that govern-ments derive their just powers from the consent of all of the governed. And if it is not true that govern-ments derive their just powers from the consent of all of the governed, it 'cannot be true that all men have 'certain unalienable rights. It neces-sarily follows that some men have no rights. Imperialism, therefore, plainly as-serts that some men have no rights. lIt asserts this in theory, and it has ;always asserted this in practise, -wherever it has been put into opera-tion. History is voluminous upon this point. Now, what has the doctrine that a man has no rights, got to do with religious liberty? Is it a denial of religious liberty to an individual to declare that he has no rights? How much religious liberty would an individual possess who had no rights? If an individual had no rights, would he have any right to worship  God according to the dictates of his conscience? This is what imperialism has to do with religious liberty. Do you see it? NOT many years ago the people of this country were engaged in a great and fierce dispute about the govern-mentŠso fierce that they took up arms and fought each other till hun-dreds of thousands of them were killed, and the country was sunk under the ruin and paralysis of a great war. Did that state of things call for outside interference to stop Americans from cutting each others' throats, because they did not know how to govern themselves? Now, these same Americans are in-terfering in the Philippines, assum-ing the right to control the affairs of the islands, and slaughtering the natives who resist, to save them from the internal war and ruin which it is alleged would follow because they do not know how to govern themselves. Would these Americans have been willing that any outside power should have saved them from the ruin and bloodshed which resulted from their disagreement about gov-ernment, by stepping in and "benev-olently assimilating" this country? Would they have been willing any power should have done to them what they are now doing to the Filipinos? What imperialist will answer this question?- -  gressional district, Mr. Lorimer, "is unfitted by education,native ability, or patriotic instincts to represent the intelligent and _uncompromis-ingly patriotic Americas of the con-gressional district in which you and I have the pleasure to reside." "There are times," he writes to the priest, "when our religious and po-litical duties are absolutely identi-cal. We have happened upon such a time just-now." " Mr. Lorimer is a man of intelli-gence and good character, but is not "patriotic" enough to suit the mind of this Protestant Church official. Such patriotism as is needed now is that possessed by this Catholic priest, and "just now" is a time when his "religions and political du-ties are absolutely identical." In Congress, therefore, his duties as a patriotic representative of his con-gressional district will be just what his religious "duties" were before; which were, in general, to further the interests of the papacy in the United States. What less, indeed, could be expected of a priest in Congress? If the Epworth League indorses this position taken by its general secretary, there can be no question on which side of the line it stands. For between John Wesley and the papacy the line of separation was sharply drawn. "Straws show which way the wind blows," and things much larger than straws are showing the direction of the wind to-day. 