"Immumminnewirmook t\fng man he army-  alai* and believe not ljudge him not7-ieszts-chly VOLUME 15. W 0 PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324 DEARBORN STREET, CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $r.00 L. A. SMITH, } C. P. BOLLMAN, Editors. THE liberty-loving man wants state protection only for himself and his fellows; the bigot wants protection for his religion. .4  .4 TRUTH can protect itself against error without the aid of civil government. Hence a religion ask-ing for state aid thereby acknowledges itself to be false and spurious. .4  .4 RELIGIOUS legislation may properly be looked upon as an attempt to establish a fashion in religion, something to which all must conform, without re-gard to belief or conscience. But uniformity so se-,cured is but a counterfeit of Christian unity. .4  .4 THE Creator never gave mankind a law demand-ing idleness, and when men enact such a law they need not flatter themselves that they are meeting the mind of the. Deity. Nature, as God ,made it, abhors idleness as it does a vacuum. No sanction of idle-ness in nature can be discovered by microscope or  telescope. A compulsory-idleness law is out of har-mony with nature and with, nature's God; and be-cause a Sunday law can secure nothing but idleness it stands condemned. It has no rightful place in legislation. ot THE Creator settles no question of right or wrong by physical force, although He is acknowledged to be ommiscient; and since He will not settle such questions by arbitrary decree backed up by His al-mighty power, it is plain that such questions can not be settled by force, and civil governments have properly nothing to do with their consideration. Only when the principles of right and of wrong, of truth and of error, have fought out the battle, and the right decision is clear to all, does force properly come into play to carry the decision into effect; only for the preservation of natural rights,, the pos-session of which by men is a self-evident truth, can the force of civil governments be properly exer-cised. CIVIL GOVERNMENT NOT RELIGIOUS. CIVIL government can not be Christian and it ought not to be anti-Christian. It should simply be devoid of religious 'characterŠthat is, it ought: to be civil. The Scriptures plainly declare that God is not only the great moral Governor, but that he is the only one to whom moral accountability is due. " Every one of us shall give account 'of himself ta God," says the apostle; and again the Lord, by the same instrument, issues this challenge to every usurper of the divine prerogative:" Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? " NUMBER 36. 74.  THE SENAcnNEL OF LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel.) CHICAGO, SEPTEMBER 13, 1900. 