48 THE AMERICA.N S-ENTINRL. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 6, 1890. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. WE have received the first number of thii Southern Sentinel, published at Dallas, Texas. It is devoted to the same cause as the AMERICAN SENTINEL. We heartily wish it success. May such Sentinels be posted all along the line. THE " call " for that National Reform convention, lately held in Cincinnati, was signed by eighty-two persons. Seventy-three of these were preachers, the rest were made of eight laymen and one woman. And yet they try to pass that off as a representative "citizens"' meeting, simply in the interests of the State ! SECTION 11, of Article 1, of the Constitu-tion of the new State of Washington, con-tains this sentence : "No public money or property shall be appropriated for or ap-plied to any religious worship, exercise or instruction, or to the support of any religious establishment." Yet, as plain as that is, it was attempted when the Legis-, lature met to have a chaplaincy estab-lished for the State and the legislative sessions to be opened with prayer. The scheme failed as it was proper that it should. The word "exercise" shut off that relic of the union of Church and State. ACCORDING to the Colorado Graphic of January 18, the people of Denver are losing interest in the Sunday-closing cru-sade, inaugurated there some months since. At a recent meeting in the interest of the prusade, Which the Denver News described as "another of those great meetings," it is stated that only one hundred and seventy-two persons were present, by actual count, " including forty-one ladies and ten or more children." This certainly does not look very much like " a great popular uprising," especially in a city of the size of Denver, One great trouble about this` movement is, that while its real object is the exaltation of Sunday, it professes to be primarily a temperance movement. A great many temperance people see this, and hence stand aloof from the movement which would otherwise have their support. That sort of prohibition which proposes to compromise with the saloons, allowing them six-seventh of the time in which to carry on their business, is not worthy of the name of temperance, and not a few are beginning to see it, THE National League for the Protection of American Institutions, by its Law Committee, has reported the form of an amendment to the national Constitution, which it intends to ask shall be adopted. It reads as follows :Š No State shall pass any law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or use its property, irony or credit, or any power of taxation, or authorize either to be used for the purpose founding, maintaining or aiding any church, religious denomination or religious society, or any institution, or undertaking under sectarian or ecclesiastical control. That might be made a part of the Con-stitution of the United States, and yet, under the decisions religion could be taught and religious exercises conciliated in the public schools in all the States where it is now done. Such, however, is not according to American principles, :therefore the League's proposed amend-ment ought to be amended at once. The People Awaken. UNDER the auspices of the National Re-ligious Liberty Association, there was held in Washington City, Tuesday; January 28, a citizens' meeting for the discussion of the Breckinridge Sunday bill for the Dis-trict of Columbia. A good deal of pre-liminary work had been done. Nearly 20,000 SENTINELS and 8,000 circulars of announcement had been distributed, and eight hundred personal invitations sent out, besides printed notices in all the city papers. As a result between five hundred and six hundred people assembled. General A. A. Birney presided. The meeting was intended to be an impartial discussion of the bill. The personal invitations which were .sent to all the ministers, Woman's Christian Temperance Union workers, and to six hundred lawyers of the city, be-sides a personal letter to Mr. W. F. Crafts, read as follows, the first being to the law-yers :Š January 24, 1890, City. DEAR SIR : Your attention is called to the bill for a District Sunday law now pending in the House. A citizens' meeting will be held in the Rink, on New York Avenue, between Thirteenth and Fourteenth Streets, Tuesday, the 28th, at 7 : 30 p. in., for, the impartial discussion of the merits of this bill. You are asked to be present. If you will speak on the question please notify J. 0. Corliss, 217 Fifth, Street, S. E., stating whether you will favor or oppose the bill. Yours respectfully, THE COMMITTEE. To the Woman's Christian Temperance Union:Š January 27, 1890, City. DEAR MADAM: A meeting will be held at the Rink, on New York Avenue, between Thirteenth and Fourteenth Streets, the evening of Tuesday, the 28th, to discuss the merits of the loeal Sunday bill for the District of Columbia, which Mr. Breckinridge of Kentucky, has introduced in the House. An opportunity will be given ‚r.a, this meeting foi an impartial discussion of the question. Both thos who favor and those who oppose the passage of Sunday laws have been requested to be present and speak. You, as a resident of the District of Colum-bia, and a member of that orvanization which is miting a greAter Iporal, force 114:.an an;  :tiler or.  ganization in the land, the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union, should take an active and intelligent interest in this question in all its phases. We are sure you are anxious to know all that can be said, upon this matter, both for and against. It is therefore hoped that no previous engagement will preclude your attending this meeting. Respectfully, THE COMMITTEE. Yet with all this effort but one person could be found to speak in favor of the bill. One other gentleman had promised to speak for the bill, but in the meeting turned against it, and openly opposed it. To the invitation Mr., Crafts replied :Š Your letter overtook me after several days. Our side of the case will be sufficiently presented at our convention. W. F. CRAPTS. The speeches, which, with the exception noted, were necessarily against the bill, will be given later, as we have time now only to print this hasty notice. At the close of the addresses the following resolutions were enthusiastically adopted :Š Resolved, That the bill (H. R. 3854), entitled "An act to prevent persons from being forced to labor on Sunday," does not meet our approbation, but that we do earnestly protest against its passage, or the passage of any bill of similar import, for the following reasons, to wit: First. There is no call or occasion for the passage of such a law. No person in the District of Colum-bia is, or has been forced to labor on Sunday against his will, at any time since the abolition of slavery therein. Second. Works of necessity or mercy are not defined in the bill, and their meaning And applica-tion are left to the arbitrary prejudice or caprice of police magistrates. Under such a law, street cars, railroad trains, steamboats and private carriages migkt be stopped; and a citizen might be fined for preaching, for shaving himself, or having his dinner cooked on Sunday. Third. Such a law would be a departure from the fundamental principle of the institutions of this country, which recognizes the right of a citizen to do as he pleases, provided he does not encroach upon the rights of others ; and it empowers a police judge to inquire into and decide upon the conscientious beliefs of any citizen charged with doing, or causing to be done, secular work on Sunday. Fourth. The passage of such a law is designed, and in effect would be an entering wedge for a sys tern of aggressive laws tending to subvert the secular character of our Government in derogation of the Constitution, and the religious freedom of the citi-zen guaranteed thereby. Fifth. The proposed law partakes of the most offensive features of the early laws of New Eng-land, Maryland, and other colonies of the olden time, known as " Blue laws," and is the ef ore a long step backward, instead of forward in hdman prog ress. The unanimous sentiment is that it was a most successful meeting. A, T. J Washinigton, D. C., Jan. 29. OM. ..E1Ł11Ł11Ł=1111i11111 THE AMERICAN SENTIN-EL. .AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions,. the 7 reservation of t.h.) United States Constitution as it is, so iar asŁregards religion or religious tests, and the maintenŁ ance of human rights, both civil and religious. L will ever be uncompromisingly opposed. to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs m ten or more copies, Der year, ettA, . . 75c. To foreign countries, .singlosubsoription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMIT,R.KAINI SENTINEL, 44 Bend Street, Nt; cs,  Ye*. 