-rt=tr Fmzi GANT SRNI'INT:L. 357 offered for the cruel persecutions which King George has allowed to be carried on in his realm. It is said to have started in this way : The Wesleyan body has oper-ated in these islands since the days of heathenism. They had great influence with the natives, the king himself being a strong adherent to the faith, and pla- cing great faith in the missionaries, whose advice was always highly esteemed in all matters, religious or political. One of these ministers, a Mr. Baker, became estranged in some way from the Wesleyan body and his fellow-laborers, and, holding a strong political influence, he accepted a position as premier under the Tongan Government. "As the differences became greater, the king was persuaded that a continuance of the Wesleyan Church in his islands would mean annexation to the British Govern-ment. " Accordingly, he was persuaded to start a church of his own, which he did, making a few changes in the form of ser-vice, and calling it the "Free Church of Tonga," or as it is generally called, the " King's Church." "The meeting-houses of this new church were built in close proximity to the Wes- leyan buildings, and a law passed that the Wesleyans should not hold service during the hours that service was going on in the " King's " or " Free Church." The appointments were then made so as to take up all the established hours of worship in the new church service, and thus compel the Wesleyans to meet when-ever the Free Church dismissed, and dis-miss whenever the Free Church chose to meet. "The chiefs were instructed to do all in their power to get the people to join the new church on the ground of loyalty to their king. It is stated by people liv-ing in the Friendly or Tongan islands that any chiefs who refused to change were deposed; thus, out of mere policy, many went over, but of course there were some who would not change, because they felt conscientiously bound to the church which brought the gospel to them. These, it is stated, were mustered out in their different villages, and asked whether they would be loyal to their king and join his church; if they assented they were con-sidered changed; if they said they would be loyal to the king, but would not change their connection with the Wesley-ans, then "persuasive measures" were used. They were placed under guard, and their houses watched, every move-ment was hindered, and even life itself was made burdensome by the omnipres-ence of the king's officials. Of course these officials made free use of any eat-ables they could find on Wesleyan prem-ises. Pigs, fowls, yams, taro, breadfruit, etc., vanished with astonishing rapidity; their plantations also suffered from these depredations, until the poor Wesleyans  were pauperized. Any resistance was se-. verely punished. " They were prevented from holding services, a law being made that unless there were a certain number of persons present, no religious meetings could be held aside from the established or Free Church. "As a result of these and other unjust measures, some of the Wesleyans suffered all sorts of indignities; some had their teeth knocked down their throats, others were pricked with bayonets, some were banished to a desolate volcanic island, where they were pretty sure to die of star-vation unless the eruptions from the active crater should chance to burst forth in time to prevent starvation, by a more merciful but not less horrible death. A few were killed outright. Redress was impossible, as the courts were all control-led by the kings people, who could manage to evade the statutes. " The European settlers here are quite indignant, though quite helpless to pre-vent the persecution. " Many claim that Mr. Baker, the pre-mier, was responsible for it all, working by intrigue to get revenge on the Wesley-ans and make money out of those who were opposed to him. However this may be, Mr. Baker is now deported, and these religious laws are still enacted, religious distinctions are still retained in the statute books and in all the towns, save one, the restrictions on Wesleyan services are still maintained. There are laws gov-erning the use that shall be made of God's Sabbath, and also even controlling the use that shall be made of God's name; thus most sacred things are made matters of human legislation, paving the way for still greater persecutions in this fair kingdom should these laws be retained." As R. Heber Newton says, " every thinking Presbyterian is a heretic " so every thoughtful professing Christian holds what the National Reform Associ-ation would consider heretical views as regards Church and State, and the inter-ference of either in the affairs of the other. This contingent, which is by no means small, from all denominations, together with these three millions of Baptists, the Seventh-day Baptists, the Seventh-day Adventists, the Jews, ought to constitute a sufficiently respectable minority among religious people to command the atten-tion, and the respectful consideration of the "National Reformers." Pertinent Questions. THE Review and Herald, Battle Creek, Michigan, publishes the following series of questions, addressed to Rev. W. F. Crafts, and taken from a leaflet which has been largely distributed in Michigan, of late:- 1. Is there not less Sunday work done on a Sun-day morning newspaper than on a Monday morn-ing newspaper ? 2. Are not the large Saturday editions issued largely for Sunday reading 3. Will any newspaper hurt anybody on Sunday, who does not read it ? 4, Cannot all refuse to read it who choose to do so ? 5. Has a minister or any one else a right to take any forceful means to compel those to stop reading newspapers on Sunday, who choose to do so ? 6. Is there anything uncivil about reading a newspaper on Sunday ? How can it interfere with a " civil Sabbath " ? 7. In your " Sabbath for Man " pages 442, 443, you say; "Neither Sunday newspapers, nor Sun-day trains, nor any other Sunday business, except trades of vice could live if all Christians witheld their patronage." Are not Christians then respon-sible for their continued existence ? and is not the proper remedy a regeneration of the Church, and not a resorting to the forceful requirements of law ? 8. Is not the only way to make this a truly Chris-tian Nation, to make the people Christians ? 9. Can men be made Christians by law ? 10. Is not the best way for each individual to pre, serve the Sabbath, for him to keep it ? 11. Do those who keep the seventh day keep the fourth commandment of the Decalogue ? and if so why do you wage war against them, unless it is that both their keeping of it and the command-ment itself condemn your theory and practice in this respect ? 12. When did Christ, as carpenter, lay down his saw after six days of toil ? Was it every Saturday night or every Friday night ? What day did he keep as Sabbath,ŠSunday cr Saturday ? 13. In your " Sabbath for Malt," page 258, you say: " It is not sufficiently emphasized that the Jew is left absolutely free to observe the seventh day. He can close his shop; he can refuse to work." Is not every other man just as free to ob-serve the first day ? Cannot every person who de-sires to keep Sunday, close his shop and refuse to work ? Where, then, is the need of Sunday laws ? What more can consistently be asked than absolute freedom ? Representatives of the American Sab-bath Union and National Reform Associa-tion are holding meetings in Michigan, and putting forth earnest efforts for the A Respectable Minority. THE Duluth Herald publishes a letter from G. H. McClelland, in which some wholesome principles are stated so clearly that he who runs may read. Speaking of the action of the Baptist Convention at St. Cloud, Minnesota, he says:Š They not only protested against the use of State moneys for the advancement of Roman Catholi-cism, but also against the use of public money in the interests of "any denomination whatsoever." Second, we would have it understood that this is distinctly a Baptist principle; and therefore, true to this, you will search in vain for a line of history to show that they have ever received a cent from the State for their schools, though in re-peated instances it has been offered. We are op-posed to any alliance whatsoever between the Church and State. We believe in taxation of all church property by the State. The First Bap-tist Church of Toronto has but recently appealed to the State authorities to take their property from the exemption list. Again, the Baptists make no demand for Bible reading and prayer in the schools. The denomination at large repudiates such a charge. Anything you can do, Mr. Editor, to keep Church and State apart in all lines, will be appreciated by your " immersion friends " to the number of 3,000,000, in the United States. 