380 . .11,1C NT-Fr immt A VoL. 11, No. 48. institution of righteousness, and party but the scaffolding around the rising kingdom of God. Poli-tics, government, parties are not ends, but means.2  But how will these Christian Endeavorers make use of these political parties as "means" with which to establish the kingdom of God on the earth ? Here is the answer:Š We mean to lay hands on politics, we mean to wash politics clean and clothe her in white raiment and make her au obedient handmaid to the Great King.' Bat how is politics to be purified ? By purifying the individual politician by preach-ing the gospel to him, the Christian's only purifying power ? No, it is to be done this way There must be about a million votes in these so-cieties, or those who will vote very soon. . . . The number of such voters is going to increase mightily as this work goes on and our country will soon hear from them at the polls. . . . I want to serve notice on them [the politicians] now, that the time is drawing near when they will discover that a political revolution has occurred, and they will be found coming home from Washington and our State capitols out of a job.4  And who will get their, jobs ? What is my work as a member of the good citi-zenship committee? It is to enthrone Christ in every town and city in the State, to have every mayor and every councilman a Christian, then Christ will rule.' Christians must rise up in the interests of right-eousness and take control of civil affairs.' Influential Christian legislators must be chosen by Christian citizens.' The boss must be supplanted by the patriotic good citizenship chairman.' It will only be when Christian men . . . are elevated to places of trust and honor, and lauded as heroes by the patriotic sentiment of the Republic that Christian citizenship will have reached the acme of its claims and the government will become in fact as well as in name a Christian government.9  When the managers of this movement have washed " politics clean " and clothed it in white raiment, by having themselves elected to office and made rulers for God, do they actually intend to- attempt to enforce the laws of God by means of human statutes ? The answer follows:Š We ha.ve a right to make and enforce human laws that .shall call for the observance of the laws of God." But how do these " rulers for God " in this " kingdom of God," propose to find out the will of God :Š So it is with our nation. It is a world model and a century's wonder, and our Father has permitted many worldly agencies and many political parties to garnish its rising glories hitherto. But to-day we are entering the cloud line; we are marshalling for final victories, victories which only purified hearts and consecrated hands can win. The undertaking, of to-day will bring us to the unapproachable cur-tains of Sinai; and all things worldly must pause while the children of God ascend alone to receive new laws from God's highest achievement in earthly govern-ment." From all this it is seen that the powerful Christian Endeavor Society proposes to es-tablish the kingdom of God on earth: that this it proposes to do by means of politics, by having its own members elected to office as the vice-rulers of God. Having clone this they propose by human enactments to force upon all the people their own interpretation of the laws of God as the will of God. Did the papacy ever do more ? 2  " Official Report of the Fifteenth International Christian Endeavor Convention" (Washington, 1896), p. 111. 3  " Official Report " of Convention of 1895, p. 214. Id. p. 19. ° Id. p. 215. 'Id. p. 103. " Official Report " 1896; p. 1.36. Id. p. 142. ° Id. p. 139. 1° /d. p. 304. ii "Official Report " 1895, p. 214. There are honest, conscientious Christians among them who " know not what they do," but what they are doing is none the less ,fatal to that which has been our nation's gloryŠreligious freedom. Who in church councils, who in the councils of State, will have the courage to raise the voice of warning ? u. "THE CHURCH" AND "THE WORLD." IT is a fact which should furnish food for serious thought to those church members who are trying to reform the world by law, that the world is able to discern a reform which is most imperatively needed within the church. The church says that immorality is increasing alarmingly in the world, and that there must be legislation to stop it. The world in turn, points to a condition of things in the church which may with good reason be regarded as the chief cause of the downward trend in the world. The greatest reformation that is needed to-day is in the- church. Among those who realize this fact is the well-known evangelist, D. L. Moody, who for some time past has been conducting revival meetings for church members in New York City. IVIr. Moody's effort drew forth some pertinent comments from the New York Journal of November 17. The Journal noted that the mission of the evangelist was " not to those who are sunk in poverty as well as sin, but to the congre-gations of the various evangelical denomina-tions," and proceeded to observe that " the weaness of the class to whom Mr. Moody comes as a quickening preacher is a tendency to seek respectability rather than righteous-nessŠto form their conduct not so much on the teachings of Jesus of Nazareth as on the traditions of their sects and the example of those around them. Hence it comes about that the atmosphere of a church is too often repellant to the sort of sinners who stand in greatest need of salvation, and of human help to lift them from the misery into which their ignorance, their passions or their vices, or all combined, have plunged them." Respectability is not righteousness. Re-spectability is worldiness, and from the Chris-tian standpoint, worldliness of the most dan-gerous type, since it can be made the counter-feit of righteousness. And this worldliness is in the church. " If Mr. Moody," the Journal continued, " will tell his Christian listeners that severe respectabilityŠas manifested in a disinclina-tion to touch elbows with coats that are not of good cut, 'and repugnance to meeting on a cordial footing those who are not' above a certain casteŠgives point to the assertion so frequently made that the average city church is not much else than a social club for the exclusive use and enjoyment of the contrib-uting members, he may broaden the minds and widen the sympathies of many excellent people who expect to be as well placed in the next world as they are in this." The class of people for whom Sunday laws are particularly designed, are repelled from the church by the Pharisaical atmosphere which pervades it, and religious zealots now seek by legislation to drive the unchurched _masses into this repulsive atmosphere. What is needed is not that the people should be driven into the church in its pres-ent state, but that the Phariseeism within it should be driven out, by the straightforward preaching of that living Word which is sharper than a two-edged sword. The Journal belongs to that " ungodly "  class of papers which issue a Sunday editi6n; yet it can see and state clearly enough what is the matter with the church. " More warmth of heart, less fear of criticism, closer study of the Bible; more attention to the precepts of the sermon on the mount, and less to church custom ; a real recognition of the essential brotherhood and sisterhood of all men and women, whether they be respect-able or the reverse; and a genuine desire to model their lives as near as may be on that of Jesus, who was no aristocratŠif Mr. Moody will preach thus to the brethren and sisters who flock to his meetings, he may kindle a fire of godly zeal in this sin-suffering metrop-olis. And we trust that before the evangelist concludes his labors here he will explain to the churches fully why it is that, as they so loudly complain, they have lost their hold on the masses. Above all, it is to be desired that he will not neglect to give some sound advice to the preachers. They need it. Too many of them are worldly minded, and not a few of them are more ardent for the success of their political party than they are for the spread of Christ's gospel." And it is the very class of preachers de-scribed in the concluding lines of this quota-tion, that are most forward in the demand for Sanday legislation. They are the men who are endeavoring to make Christianity succeed by political means. Ł The church is in no position to take offense if the world should quote to her the proverb, " Physician, heal thyself." " First cast out the beam that is in thine own eye, and then shalt thou see clearly to cast the mote out of thy brother's eye." With the worldliness re-moved from the 'church, the church will see clearly that legislation is not the proper rem-edy to cure the immorality that is in the world. CHURCH AND STATE AT WEST POINT. - THE Catholic Standard and Times says that it is a " rule of the service" " at West Point that graduates [cadets?] of the academy must attend divine service on Sundays;"  and that the Government "does provide an official chapel and pay a chaplain for non-Catholics." This is the ground of the appli-cation of the Catholics for permission to build a meeting house on the Government reserva-tion. They say that as the rule requires the cadets to attend divine service, and the Cath-olic cadets cannot attend Protestant service; that as the Government provides a chapel for the Protestant service, it is only fair and a very small thing, that the Catholics should be allowed on the reservation to provide them-selves a chapel for the benefit of the Catholic cadets. The Standard and Times acknowledges that " very fine reasoning " upon the rule requiring attendance of the cadets at divine service, " if carried to its logical conclusion, must result in the inference that this is an unconstitutional provision, in view of the clause separating Church and State."- But it argues that "unconstitutional or otherwise, there it is; and the Government is bound to give effect to its own regulation by providing means for holding divine service;" and that as the Government provides Protestant serv-ice, it is little enough that it allow the Cath-olics room there to provide themselves a place for service. And if the unconstitutional rule -and its consequence is to stand, assuredly the reasoning of the Catholics is just. Indeed, under the existing circumstances, if as stated, it would be no more than just if they asked 