THESENTINEL: OF LIBERTY. 667 News, Notes . . . and Comment KINGSTON, N. Y., has fallen into line with the Sunday-closing movement. The order given out for the closing of all business places on Sunday was obeyed by the larger houses, but quite generally dis-regarded by the small shops and,  several arrests fol-lowed as the result. The Kingston Freeman gives this account of " the first arrest under the blue laws ": "Tuesday was a busy day in the recorder's court. Four cases we're disposed of. The first case called was that of the people against Henry Butler. The prisoner was arraigned on a warrant procured by Charles Brock, charging him with violating the Sun-day law. Brock claimed that on Sunday last Butler shined the shoes of a man at his place of business on the Strand. The defendant pleaded guilty and was fined $3, which he paid." " Who ever thought this would happen here in Kingston? ". is the comment of a Kingston resident. Things are happening to-day'which it was declared a few years ago would not be possible under this free Government, for the germ of such developments has been lying dormant, but not dead, in all the Sunday laws, however obsolete and apparently' innocuous they may have seemed heretofore. The Sunday re-iorm movement now' in progress is causing these latent seeds sown far back in church-and-state times to sprine-  up and bear the fruit, of religious intoler-ance. The city authorities of Kingston say that the Sunday-closing ordinance there will be strictly en-forced. .4 .4 OFFICIAL reports have been published in this country of the conviction by court-martial of two American officers for torturing Filipino prisoners at Mariguina. They were sentenced to be-reprimanded merely. In passing upon the finding of the count, General McArthur said: " It is obvious that a cruel and illegal assault was perpetrated by these: accused officers upon certain native cirisonersan assault not only criminal in its effect under the laws of war, but in the remote con-seqiiences well calculated to inflict permanent in-jury upon essential. interests of the.  nation. * *  It is believed that the sentence of the court will be sufficiently executed by reminding Captain Brandle and Lieutenant Perkins that, by reckless defiance of the ethics of their profession, they have inflicted in-calculable injury upon the interests of their country, and have also cast unwarranted aspersion upon 'the reputation of the United States army for sentiments of honor and humanity." "We confess," says the Outlook," that 'this sen-tence appears to us unwarrantably light. We hesitate to criticise without fuller knowledge, but it appears to us that a cruel and illegal assault' upon native prisoners inflicts a more serious blow upon the American cause than any act of cowardice, and on this ground, no less than upon the more sacred ground of humanity, deserves far more serious penalty 'than a mere reprimand." .4  .4 THINKING a few days since that the efforts of one of the leading politicians of the country to settle the great coal strike had been successful, the Springfield Republican threw out these suggestions which are none the less pertinent because the supposed settle ment had not been affected: " Everybody believes that the successful ending of the great coal strike has been due to politics. Everybody believes, if everybody does not know, that if there had been no.presidential election pend-ing, this strike would have gone the way of most other strikes in recent yearsŠthe mine owners would 'have stood their ground, the, strikers would have resorted to marching and intimidation to keep other's away from the mines-, the troops would have been called in, there would have been the usual col-lisions, and finally a rushing back to work in squads and the collapse of the strike. Indeed, troops were early called to the scene in this case, and there was marching and also the usual threatening demonstra-tions against those who remained at work, but from the time when the politicians took hold of the mat-ter the troops appeared to lag superfluous on the scene, while the marching of the strikers went on without let or hindrance. Thus in the popular mind a precedent had been made, and it may prove a. troublesome one to the party now in power. Strikers hereafter will begin to expect presidential interfer, ence on their behalf, also, and if it is not forthcom-ing, woe then be unto that party among the votes of workingmen. Presidential campaigns especially are likely to become seasons of general strikes, which the party in, power must settle in a satisfactory man-ner or take the consequences." The very fact that this strike has been conducted 