12 A.MLE11L-C,ICA.NT VoL. 8, No. 2. free in all matters of conscience as he himself desires to be. The true Christian will love others as himself ; and hence, could never consent that another's rights should be abridged in order that he might the more fully enjoy his own. Christians are governed by the Golden Rule. But Sunday laws contravene that rule. C. P. B. What Does the State Want? WHAT kind of citizens does a State want, in order to be prosperous and enjoy a reign of harmony and peace within her borders ? In a recent number of the SENTINEL it was stated that those who observe the seventh day as the Sabbath could not ob-serve the first day of the week also with-out violating their consciences ; and this is true, for the first-day Sabbath being re-garded by them as a rival to the true Sab-bathŠthe seventh dayŠand believing that Jehovah looks upon it as such, they could not observe it without doing that which they believe would displease him, and what, therefore, their consciences would not allow them to do. It is not with them, merely a matter of personal prefer-ence, of convenience, or even of civil rights; it is also a matter of conscience. But as most readers of the SENTINEL know, some of our States have laws for the purpose of compelling all their citizens, irrespective of belief, to stop work on the first day of the week; and in Tennessee the authorities are indicting, imprisoning, and fining seventh-day observers who will not do this, and who, as we have said, are controlled in this matter by their con-scientious convictions. This leads us to the inquiry, What kind of citizens does the State want ? Does it want citizens who will violate their consciences, who will deliberately do what they believe to be wrong ? Will not the person who will violate his conscience on one point, also violate it on another ? If he will deliberately do what he believes to be wrong toward God, will he not do the same with respect to his fellow-men ? And then what will restrain him from stealing, committing murder, or adultery or perjury, besides his fear of the law ? Would he be the brave, honest, upright citizen, striving to promote the peace, order and prosperity of the community, such as the State would have her citizens to be ? We trow not. The man who surrenders his conscience upon one point weakens it upon every other point. This is the immediate effect ; and the ultimate effect, toward which he will swiftly move will be the entire loss of conscience upon all points. Does the State want citizens of this class ? Which would the State preferŠa citizen who is conscientious in his action ? or one who is not ? a brave, manly, upright citi-zen ? or a coward who has surrendered his manhood ? a citizen with a conscientious regard for the rights of his fellow-men ? or one who will steal, cheat, lie, and do anything else that is bad when he consid-ers it safe and to his advantage to do so ? Does it want citizens like the fawning, cringing masses of Italy and Spain and other countries where freedom of con-science was stifled by religious legislation? or like the manly ones that have sprung up in our own "land of the free and the home of the brave," under the grand gov-ernmental principles of civil and religious liberty ? The answer is obvious, and, therefore,  whenever a State tries to coerce the con-science of one of its citizens, it is striking directly against its own interests, inter-fering directly with its own prosperity. If the citizen does not yield, he is sent to jail, which means a loss to the community and an expense to the State; and if he does yield he surrenders his manhood and becomes worthless as a citizen. It is a pity that the people of Tennessee can not see facts so obvious. L. A. SMITH. The Vermont Legislature Endorses the Sixteenth Amendment. ON December 22, Senator Proctor, of Vermont, presented in the Senate of the United States, the following communica-tion from the legislature of Vermont :Š Joint resolution in reference to proposed Six-teenth Amendment to Constitution of United States, now pending in Congress. WHEREAS, there has been introduced into the Fifty-second Congress and is now pending therein, the following proposed form of Sixteenth Amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States, viz: " No State shall pass any law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or use its property or credit, or any money raised by taxation, or authorize either to be used, for the purpose of forming, maintain-ing, or aiding by appropriation, payment for services, expenses, or otherwise, any church, re-ligious denomination or religious society, or any institution, society or undertaking which is wholly, or in part, under sectarian or ecclesiastical con-trol; " Therefore, Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives, that our senators and representatives in Congress be, and hereby are, requested to take all proper measures to secure the approval of said proposed amendment by the houses of which they are members, respectively. The legislature of Vermont is thus the first of the State legislatures to lend itself and its influence to this deceptive meas-ure. It is well known by those who see and understand the true animus of this proposed amendment, that it is in reality a sectarian measure, and that it actually looks to an establishment instead of a disestablishment of religion. The first clause of the amendment, which is a reiteration of the First Amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States, is but sounding brass and a tink-ling cymbal in the mouths of those who are promoting this Sixteenth Amendment. They have declared unequivocally that its adoption would not affect the religious laws of the different States,Šthat they would necessarily continue to enforce Sunday observance, punish for blas-phemy, and carry out all the rest of the legal religion in the statute books, with-out any reference to this part of the con-stitutional injunction whatever. But the one thing, and the one only thing, which it does prohibit, is the use of public money for sectarian purposes. That would mean what? It would mean that public money might be used to further the interests of that Christianity which the Supreme Court shall decide is the Chris-tianity of this "Christian Nation," but not a dollar to that sect which is called Roman Catholic. In the Senate on the same day, Senator Dawes presented " a petition of the Na-tional Pro Patria League for the Protec-tion of American Institutions " signed by its president and secretary, " praying Congress to make no more appropriations for sectarian schools for the Indians." This is the league which presents the Sixteenth AmendmentŠits prayer to Con-gress is,ŠBless us, us collectively, but no more. That which we have heretofore  shared with the Roman Catholics, we will give up, if only you will bless us, and no more W. H. M. An Open Confession. THE introduction of resolutions in the House of Representatives having for their purpose the repeal of the religious legis-lation of last session for the Sunday clos-ing of the World's Fair, brought to Wash-ington the field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, Rev. H. H. George, and W. F. Crafts, editor of the Christian Statesman. A reporter for a Washing- ton paper interviewed them, and makes the following paragraph :Š Rev. Dr. H. H. George, Field Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, and Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, Honorary Secretary of the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association and other reform organiza-tions, came to Washington yesterday to resist the efforts that are being made to repeal the World's Fair Sabbath closing law, which they find " has not only the nine points of law, possession," but also a united majority of Congress in its favor still, while those who favor its repeal, many of them do so on constitutional grounds to which the Durborow resolution, presenting as it does a new Sabbath law, is as inconsistent as the law they are asked to repeal. The local representatives of labor also declare that the best allies of the would-be openers, the labor unions, will no longer aid the opening movement, as the World's Fair Directors' pretended interest in the workingmen has been un-masked by their recent act in giving their printing to a non-union office. It is also found, said Mr. George last night, that a majority of the World's Fair Committee in the House, which is expected to vote for repeal, voted the other way when Sabbath closing was made a law. These and other facts make the representatives of closing here feel that if the protests and letters against repeal continue to pour in not only will the bill be defeated, but it will not even be reported. This bears evidence of being a faith-ful reproduction of the thought and feel-ing of the men interviewed. The reporter has clearly presented in condensed form the views which they expressed. One point made is especially worthy of notice, that, " while of those who favor its re-peal, many of them do so on constitu-tional grounds to which the Durborow reso-lution, presenting as it does a new Sab-bath law, is as inconsistent as the law they are asked to repeal." This is a vol-untary confession that the Sunday closing proviso was unconstitutional. Congress-men should make a note of this. These men now openly acknowledge that they have threatened and wheedled congress-men into voting for and passing an un-constitutional measure, and then use the argument of unconstitutionality, which they ignored then, against the passage of another bill, which, they say, presents " a new Sabbath law " " as inconsistent " as the other. And then, having reminded congressmen that at their instance they have passed an unconstitutional law, vio-lated their oaths and shown themselves recreant to the trust the country has con-fided to them, insolently remind them that now " possession is nine points in the law," and an unconstitutional law has " possession." More than that they de-clare that they shall control Congress to that extent that they can positively count upon a majority in the House to uphold legislation acknowledged to be unconsti-tutional. How have these men grown so great! Are they so great ? Or is it only another exhibit of the old fable, where the size of the ox was emulated by a smaller animal of a similar voice ? But, however applicable this argumen-tative boomerang, thrown by these high priests of unconstitutional religious legis-lation may be to the resolution they had 