THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 389 on Sundays of machinery, unnecessary manual labor, and all merchandising, and at the same time give opportunity for the study of the highest standard of artistic mechanical excellence ; that the art gal-lery, horticultural building, and all build-ings in which exhibits of mechanical art are displayed shall be open to the public every day, and that each employee shall be given one day each week for rest, study or recreation. Mr. Darborow's resolution, it can be seen, is a plea for a silent Fair. As a matter of moral right and constitutional principle why should it be any more proper for Congress to require the Commission to make rules prohibiting the running of machinery on Sunday than for Congress to require the Commission and the Man-agers to close altogether ? What juris-diction has Congress in that regard at all ? Nevertheless thiŠ  is the phase which the matter has assul ed on the opening day of the session. A reporter f _r the Washington Post interviewed Mr. Durborow on this matter and reports him as saying :Š We shall make a dignified appeal to members to,  repeal that provision. We feel that Sunday opening is in the interest of good morals. There will be no merchandising or selling of liquor on the grounds on Sunday and the machinery will not be running. Religious services will be held in the Exposition grounds every Sunday, conducted by eminent clergymen, with sacred music of the highest order. The employees of the park are to work only six days in the week, so as not to desecrate the Sabbath. Every Sunday for months past there have been from 4,000 to 50,000 visitors in the park, and a quieter, better-behaved crowd you could not ask to see. Sunday opening will give hundreds of thousands of people their only opportunity to see the Exposition. We think a presentation of these facts ought to be effective in 'securing a repeal of the provision, and we shall rely upon them to win votes for us. This is the complexion which the pop-ular movement for the repeal of last session's legislation for Sunday closing has thus far taken. The following is a copy of the petition which the World's Fair Sunday Opening Association presents for signatures :Š Petition to Congress to Repeal the Act Closing the World's Columbian Exposition on Sundays. Religious Toleration Is Christian Civilization. To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States, in Congress Assembled : We, the undersigned, citizens of the United States, do hereby respectfully pray and memorial-ize your Honorable Body to repeal that portion of the Act entitled "An Act to aid in carrying out the Act of Congress, approved April 25, 1890, en-titled `An Act to provide for celebrating the four hundredth anniversary of the discovery of America by the holding of an International Exposition in the City of Chicago' "Šapproved August 5, 1892, which reads as follows: "That it is hereby declared that all appropriations herein made for, or pertaining to the World's Columbian Exposition, are made upon the condition that the said Exposition shall not be opened to the public on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday ; and if the said appro-priations be accepted by the corporation of the State of Illinois, known as the World's Columbian Ex-position, upon that condition, it shall be, and it is hereby, made the duty of the World's Columbian Commission, created by the Act of Congress of April twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and ninety, to make such rules or modifications of the rules of said cor-poration as shall require the closing of the Ex-position on the said first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." Also, to repeal that portion of the Act entitled, " An Act making appropriations for the sundry civil expenses of the Government for the fiscalyear ending June 30, 1893, and for other purposes "Šapproved August 5, 1892, which reads as follows: " And it is hereby declared that all appropriations herein made for, or pertaining to the World's Co-lumbian Exposition, are made upon the condition that the said Exposition shall not be open to the public on the first day of the week, commonly  called Sunday; and if the said appropriations be accepted by the corporation of the State of Illinois, known as the World's Columbian Exposition, upon that condition, it shall be, and it is hereby, made the duty of the World's Columbian Commission, created by act of Congress of April twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and ninety, to make such rules, or modifications of the rules of said corporation as shall require the closing of the Exposition on the said first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day." In presenting this memorial to your consideration we respectfully represent thatŠ Said Exposition should be so conducted, man-aged and controlled, as will best promote the social, moral and educational interests of all the people. Within said Exposition there will be representa-tions of all that is good and useful, beautiful and artistic, and that the same will be object lessons in science, art, education, history and religion, such as the world has never before seen. While the period of the Exposition is limited by law, the people should not be prohibited from visit-ing the same on Sundays, or any other days, during the life of said Exposition. It is the duty of all men to properly observe the Sabbath, but we do not believe that the regulation of such observance by statutory law is within the letter or spirit of_ either State or Federal Consti-tutions. It is our judgment that the Exposition should be open on Sunday, under such reasonable rules and regulations as will prohibit the use of machinery and restrict manual labor, and at the same time give opportunity for the study of the highest standard of artistic and mechanical science; that the art gallery, and all buildings in which exhibits of mechanical arts are installed, should be thrown open to the public on each and every day during the entire term of the Exposition. We believe that the study on Sunday of such exhibits of science and art, and of the skill and genius of the artisan, will not only be of inestimable educational advantage, but that the thoughts of the visitors will be lifted above these creative agencies to the great Creator of all things useful and beautiful. On each Sunday afternoon there should be held within the Exposition grounds, religious services, so arranged that each of our Christian organizations will--have -a- Sunday set apart for its particular service, under the control and direction of its most prominent clergymen, with songs of praise and anthems, in the best form of sacred music. The closing of the Exposition on Sundays will deprive more than three millions of our people of these advantages. We further believe that the citizens of the sev-. eral States should have the privilege of visiting on Sunday the temporary buildings or homes within the Exposition grounds, erected by their respective States, for the free interchange of thought and social amenities. And finally, we believe that if this whole matter shall be left, as originally provided by the Act of .Congress, to the judgment and discretion of the appointed agencies of the Government, the National Commissioners, and the Board of Directors, the moral and educational interests of all the people will be best subserved. The movement to open bids fair to as-sume larger proportions than even the storm of petitions and preachers' exhor-tations by which Congress was assailed last session in favor of closing. But it remains to be seen to what extent correct principles will be invoked. To what extent such principles are embodied in the opening moves the readers of this can judge. The President's annual message, as read in the Senate and House bore no reference to questions of religious import, but the report of the Commissioners of the Dis-trict as submitted to the President, and through him to Congress, contained a rec-ommendation for " the enactment of a law to prohibit the pursuit of ordinary secular occupations on Sunday as being in the in-terest of public morality and comfort." Among a list of District measures pub-lished by the Star as having passed the House and received favorable mention by Senate committee, therefore only awaiting presentation to the Senate for passage, is named the bill to prohibit the sale and de-livery of ice on Sunday in the District of Columbia. It does not yet appear what effect, if any, the lower temperature pre- vailing during this session will have on the senatorial view taken of the Sunday Ice bill. A meeting of the Union of American Hebrews, consisting of delegates from the different Hebrew congregations in the country, has lately been in session in Wash-ington. An interesting item of the first day's proceedings was the report of the board of delegates on civil and religious rights. Simon Wolf and Lewis Abraham, both of the city of Washington, are re-spectively president and secretary of this board. A paragraph of the report recited facts, as follows :Š As there are growing efforts being made by divers religious organizations to seek innovations upon the cardinal principles of the national laws by pas-sage of enactments that infringe the most valuable clause of the Constitution, action in respect thereto appears to be appropriate. As is well known showers of petitions were poured into Congress from religious bodies emploring rigorous legislation on the Sunday question. Clergyman of various de-nominations, from sectarian standpoints, persist-ently importuned the committee in charge of the subject, advocating prohibitory and penal enact-ments to enforce their views. The local members of your committee were called upon to give their views and argued the question solely from its con-stitutional aspect. Large bodies of citizens, lay and clerical, vigorously denounced and opposed passage of any national law interfering, directly or indirectly, with religions observance, and for a long period the question of ecclesiastical supervision by Congress was combated by opposing forces. The result is known. It follows as a sequence that if one phase of religious belief and practice is under jurisdiction of the national representatives, they can also pass upon others, and at no distant day the questions of heresy, that are agitating many bodies, can be sent to them for adjudication and n e shall have religious formula and doctrines promul-gated and enforced through government officials. This is a subject that affects all American citizens alike, as it is the entering wedge of union between Church and State. Mr. Lewis Abraham, the secretary of this board, is a prominent and able mem-ber of the District bar, and a man whose voice has frequently been heard before the different committees of the House and Senate in the defense of civil and religious liberty, and always with sole reference to the principles involved, and in defense of civil equity and religious liberty pure and undefiled. W. H. M. Washington, D. C. Another Instrument of Torture Invented. A WRITER in a late number of the Christian Statesman expresses himself thus :Š It is a humiliating fact that tobacco, confection-ery, meat and bread shops, the ice cream and pea-nut stands of Philadelphia are generally open on the Lord's day and doing a flourishing business. Can this be helped? Can the nuisance be abated? Yes; but not by speeches, conventions and resolu-tions alone. Of these the enemy are not fearful. I earnestly suggest the combining of Sabbath as-sociations and Law and Order societies. It has long been known that this com-bination was intended. The Law and Order societies have in fact been more largely used for this purpose than any other. It is logical, and historical as well, that it should be so. The Inquisi-tion followed the same course precisely. This writer in the Christian Statesman is suggesting no new or untried thing. Such a combination has succeeded before, Šsucceeded in persecuting to the death. It will succeed again, succeed in persecu-tingŠno one can yet tell to what limit. This combination of law and religion which in past centuries invented and used the rack, the thumbscrew, and the fagot, is itself no now thing. But an original 