102 A.MIMELIC CA TV SkiNaaNEr,. VoL. 8, No. 13. been more or less fully recognized and adequately protected in all ages and in all countries. Centuries before the giv-ing of the law upon Mount Sinai, theft, murder, adultery, false witness and dis-regard of parental authority were all recognized as worthy of the severest reprobation, and were, to some extent at least, made the subjects of civil law, not because they were contrary to divine revelation but because they were subver-sive of self-evident human rights. Inscriptions on ancient Egyptian tombs show that that heathen people had a con-ception of human rights and of social duties but little, if any, inferior to our own. They knew nothing of revelation but they were able to read in the great book of nature the law of natural rights, and upon this their laws and customs were based, though in practice, like so-called Christian peoples, they fell very far short of their ideals of right and justice. The Decalogue is not for the purpose of furnishing a basis for civil laws, but is for the purpose of setting forth that which God requires of every man, both for His own honor, and for the benefit and protection of every other man. And so any violation of this law is sin against God. When David had done Uriah the two most cruel wrongs that one man could do another, and was by the Spirit of the Lord brought to see the enormity of his offense, his confession was : " Against thee, thee only have I sinned." The wrong was done to Uriah, but the sin was against God. All sin is against God, and the purpose of the divine law is to define sin. " The law entered that the offense might abound. But where sin abounded, grace did much more abound." " The law is spiritual." It "is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." Hate is a violation of the sixth commandment and lust of the seventh. Matt. 6: 21-28. The tenth commandment, " Thou shalt not covet" is wholly spiritual, that is, it relates entirely to the mind. No civil law can take cognizance of the processes of the mind. But this is one of the last six commandments which many people insist are the proper basis of civil law. A spiritual law can never be made the basis of human legislation. Any attempt in this direction is simply to usurp a divine prerogative. On the other hand, the commandment against idolatry relates not only to the feelings but to the act as well. Were this not true the three Hebrews might prop-erly have bowed before the great golden image which the king of Babylon set up and required all his subjects to worship. But the Sun says that a law prohibiting idolatry would, in these days, be recog-nized as an absurdity. But why ? if any part of the Decalogue can be enforced by civil law, why not that command as well as any other ? Idolatry is as much an outward act as is murder or adultery; all these exist in the mind before they find expression in the act, and so all are equally beyond the domain of civil law upon any other basis than that of conserving nat- ural human rights. C. P. B. A Rabbi's View. THE Jewish Times and Observer quotes Rabbi Krauskopf upon the World's Fair, as follows :Š If the World's Fair were an adjunct of some Puritanic church, then the church authorities would have a right to open or close it whenever  they pleased. But since it is to be a national affair, with international ambitions; since it is to be conducted under the sanction and patronage of the United States Government, the rightfulness or wrongfulness of keeping the Fair open on Sunday, considered from the religious point of view, must at once be dropped, for our Constitution has wisely divorced Church from State. All that our Government can do is to permit every one to stay away who thinks it a wrong to visit a Fair on Sundays. And all that the church that is opposed to Sunday opening can do, is to prohibit its mem-bers from attending the Fair on that day, and to excommunicate those who do. The outcome of the legal steps which are being taken in the case may be the Sunday opening of the Fair. It remains to be seen, if that be so, how many church memberships will be forfeited by Sunday attendance. The Line Drawn. A TENNESSEE paper defends the prose-cution of Adventists in that State thus The position, in Tennessee, is as follows: The law forbids working on Sunday, every man is bound to obey the law or become a law-breaker. No man has the right to antagonize the laws that are made for the safety and well-being of society. He has no right to usurp the authority to upset funda-mental conditions for the purpose of accomplishing his individual aims. Men have the right to believe what they please, but they have no right to let their opinions bring them in conflict with " the powers that be." The law-abiding sentiment is too strong in Tennessee to allow any set of men to substitute their private opinions and preferences for existing legal provis-ions and requirements, and the, sooner all classes learn this fact the better it will be for them. This is simply the old story over again : men may believe as they please but they must practice as the law dictates. As suggested in the paragraph which we pub-lished last week from the New York Tribune, " the truth is, that there are few people or governments who do not draw the line against religious liberty some-where, resembling therein Oliver Crom-well, who proclaimed that all creeds should be tolerated, but added that if anybody thought that he was entitled thereby to celebrate mass in Great Britain he would find himself speedily mistaken." This is just what Tennessee does; the constitution declares " that no human authority can, in any case whatever, con-trol or interfere with the rights of con-science; and that no preference shall ever be given by law to arty religious estab-lishment or mode of worship ;" but if any-body thinks that he is entitled thereby to do secular labor or business on Sunday he speedily finds himself mistaken. This was officially stated by Judge Hammond in the well-known case of R. M. King. His Honor said : " Sectarian freedom of religious belief is guaranteed by the con-stitution [of Tennessee], not in the sense argued here, that King as a Seventh-day Adventist, or some other as a Jew, or yet another as a Seventh-day Baptist, might set at defiance the prejudices, if you please, of other sects having control of legisla-tion in the matter of Sunday observance, but only in the sense that he should not himself be disturbed in the practices of his creed." It thus appears that instead of religious liberty in this country we have only reli-gious toleration; that is, those who have control of legislation simply guarantee the right of believing contrary to the faith of the majority, but deny the right to practice in accordance with that creed; thus the Protestants of Tennessee could not forbid belief in the mass; but if they saw fit so to do, and had control of legis-lation, they might forbid, just as Crom- well did in England, the celebration of the mass; and, according to Judge Ham-mond, the' courts would be compelled to sustain the law; to declare that it was no violation of the constitutional provision " that no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience." In a report to the United States Senate in 1829, Hon. Richard M. Johnson said :Š What other nations call religious toleration, we call religious rights. They are exercised, not in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which government can not deprive any portion of citizens. But this is no longer true; the courts have swept away religious rights and have substituted instead simply religious toleration. Even the First Amendment to the Federal Constitution has, by the Supreme Court, been declared to be in perfect keeping with the Church and State charters under which this country was first settled by Europeans; and that instead of prohibiting an establishment of religion here, it simply forbids the es-tablishment of any religion in opposition to Christianity, which was already the re-ligion of the country when the amend- ment was adopted. C. P. B. The Logic of it All. The Gospel of Force. AN exchange from Monroe, Neb., ex-presses its views, editorially, upon the enforcement of Sunday observance, thus : To the Christian the law of God is the end of the question about observing the day, as well as the manner of observance. As to the rest of the Ix a recent communication to the Chris-tian Cynosure, Secretary Foster, of the National Reform Association, thus ex- plains what National Reformers mean by making the Decalogue the "sole and only guide in civil and political life" :Š This involves a recognition of the fact that the State is the divinely appointed keeper of both tables of the Decalogue. In doing this, the State fulfills the end of its beingŠ"a terror to evil doers, and a praise to them that do well." The associa-tion maintains that the State, as the keeper of the first commandment, should acknowledge God as the source of all authority and power in civil affairs. The second involves the authoritative and judicial suppression of all open and public idolatry, whether practiced in Ronush cathedrals, Chinese Joss-houses, or the Mormon Endowment House. The third makes the administration of oaths in secret societies a punishable offense, whether it be in such treasonable orders as the Jesuits, the Mafia, the Clan-na-Gael, the High-binders, and the En-dowment House; such insidious and dangerous worshipers of devils as the Masons, Odd Fellows and Knights of Pythias, or such harmless dupes of Satan as the Knights of Labor, the G. A. R., and the Orangemen. The fourth prohibits all public Sabbath desecration on the part of the individual, lodge, corporation, municipality, commonwealth or general government. The fifth secures the mutual rights and privileges of parents and chil-dren, and says to belligerent employer and em-ployee, " Labor, all its rights; capital, all its rights; equal and exact justice for all." The sixth pro-hibits murder, either by the knife, revolver, or rum. The seventh outlaws free love, polygamy and speedy and easy divorce. The eighth forbids stealing, stock gambling and endowment orders, and secret insurance societies, that rob an unsus-pecting public. The ninth punishes perjury. The tenth makes covetous deportment punishable, as Achan in the camp of Israel. This is the logic of all so-called National Reform, whether in the National Reform Association or in any of its various allied associations, like the American Sabbath Union, the Woman's Christian Temper- * ance Union, etc. et* Ł 