SEPTEMBER 19, 1895. A.101EIHA nit CA_N S TENTriNIEIL.4. 293 under them, immunity from persecution and liberty to worship God according to the dic-tates of their own conscience; or in other words, religious liberty as guaranteed to them in the Federal Constitution, and perfect equality before the law in any State in which they choose to make their domicile for them-selves and the religion they profess; this, or else the passage and enforcement of more rig-orous laws for the punishment of those sev-enth-day Christians who by the very name they carry stand pledged to agtagonize, and to the death if need be,. that " wild pagan holi-day," the Sunday, or Constantinian and Cath olic rest day, now being generally honored by the first-day Protestants with the title of " American Sabbath." Which shall it be ? No graver question, we venture to say, has ever been presented for the consideration of our people, the slavery question itself hardly forming an exception. For that these Chris-tians are in earnest, and immovably so, and have obeyed the command of their Lord and ours in sitting down first and counting the cost of the house they intend to build and comparing the estimate with their resources, and are well satisfied that they have where-with, and amply so,, to finish what they begin, no one who has observed them closely during the four or five years past, can have a reason-able doubt, we think. Therefore, for the country to go forward on the line of perse-cuting the seventh-day Christians under the Blue Laws, and at the dictation of the Cath-olics and their Sunday-worshiping allies of the Protestant faith, is simply to enter upon the work- of their extermination. Is the country ready for this ? To narrow the question, and bring the issue home to our neighbors, our kindred and im-mediate people, suffer and consider this ques-tion, with which we dismiss the subject for the present: Is the State of Tennessee ready to enter upon the bloody work of exterminating the Seventh-day Adventists, and all others who honor and observe the Sabbath of the fourth commandment, in doing which they necessar-ily oppose a rival day of rest, to show respect to which they do but rightly esteem would be both cowardly and deceitful ? Has the State of Tennessee entered upon this work of ex-terminating them, and is she prepared to go to the length of her power in the execution of her hellish purpose, to the making for herself a name and reputation only second to that which the Inquisition has given to Spain ? If not ready for this, the council of wisdom and common sense alike suggest, that the State retrace its steps, undo its foolish work of lending its' judicial machinery to religious bigots for the devilish business of persecuting their weaker brethren whom they have failed to meet in argument on the Sabbath question, and are now bent upon driving out of the State, or killing them outright; put aside the clerical garment as not pertaining to her civic sphere, and leave the giant few and the pygmy many to fight their battle out between them-selves on this and every other religious issue that is between them, without further aid and comfort from the State through any of its departments, to either side in the conflict. It is surprising what narrow strips of ground some men are able to stand upon for doing things that they want to do, or for not doing things that they do not want to do. Suppose the seven or eight Seventh-day Adventists, who at last accounts were quietly working along with other criminals on the public roads in Rhea County, near G raysville, in this State, were to do as other prisoners, with not a tithe of their cause for it, do sometimes, refuse to work any longerŠwhat would the authorities having charge of them say ? Rather, what would they do ? and how  many stripes would the people of the old Volunteer State stand off and see inflicted on their bare backs to make them work out their iniquitous fines for labor done by them on the first day of the week ? In the great work of the few faithful serv-ants of Christ in the last days, the days whose peculiar color and character is faithfully de-picted by the pen of inspiration in two words, " perilous times," it were to have been ex-pected that, under the guiding hand of the great God, the recovery of " times and laws" from the prophetic beast or antichristian power mentioned by Daniel, now that the twelve hundred and sixty years during which they were to be given into his hand, are pre-sumed to be ended, would be a leading thought and purpose with them. And while such would be the case with them, it were to have been expected that on the side of " the beast and his army," strong opposition to any inter-ference with his long centuries of almost un-interrupted possession of his usurped dominion and change of the law of God would be mani-fested. An explanation is found in these facts, both of the zealous spirit of the Sabba-tarians as those are called who have come out of Babylon and keep the Sabbath day holy according to the divine command, and the bitterness of their enemies who are stirred up against them. Ł -4- WHAT IS THE AMERICAN SUNDAY ? [New York World, Sept. 7.] THE Convention of Republican Clubs de-clared in favor of " the American Sunday." But it failed to define what the American Sunday is. Everybody is in favor of a day of rest and of a day for worship for those who want it. But just what is the " American Sunday" ? Is it the Sunday of Boston or of New Or-leans, of Philadelphia or of Milwaukee, of Brooklyn or of Chicago, of Portland or of San Francisco, of New York or of Podunk ? The observance of Sunday differs as much in these places as it does in our own and in European cities. In most American cities in the summer the people who go on excursions or go fishing or ride wheels or seek some form of recreation and pleasure, are ten times as numerons'as those who attend church. Which method of observing the day is distinctively American ? In some of our cities the theaters and music halls are open on the first day of the week. In most of them the summer gardens flourish. In nearly all of them beer is either openly or quietly sold without molestation. A majority of them are probably under Republican rule. Where does the " American Sunday " come in ? Passing from custom to law, the definition is even more elusive. The " American Sun- day in this city begins at 12 P. M. for the saloon-keeper, at 10 A. M. for the meat, bread, milk and ice venders, at 1 P. M. for the barber, and not, at all for the seller of confectionery, cigars and newspapers! It does not interfere with street-car traffic or the letting of pleasure carriages. It permits the selling and drinking of liquors at all hours in clubs and hotels. It even enables a man to get a bottle of beer or wine at a restaurant if he orders it with his dinner. Under the rule of Roosevelt it does not interfere with the thousands of soda foun-tains. It sanctions official band concerts in the parks. It permits the letting of pleasure boats on the city's park lakes. The term " American Sunday " is thus seen to be a very elastic one. ARE CHRISTIANS AT SEA Regarding 'the Day Which They Observe as the Sabbath? [Patriotic American, Detroit, Mich., August 10.] THERE is no time like the present, when every well-informed and patriotic Protestant is up in arms against papal intolerance, to turn the light of investigation upon a certain section of our Protestant friends in order that they may see where they are at. The AMERICAN SENTINEL, of New York, under date July 18, says:Š Eight honest, conscientious Seventh-day Adventists, of Rhea County, Tenn., have been condemned to serve terms of from seventy-five to ninety days in the county jail at Dayton, Tenn., for the offense of doing common labor on SundayŠlabor which dis-turbed no other person's private or public devotion. It has also been decided to work these honest men in the chain-gang, and by the time this reaches our read-ers this will doubtless be accomplished. Not only do we condemn this medival in-justice, but we are not sure that these public un-American Protestant inquisitors are notŠunwillingly and unwittingly perhapsŠthe catspaws of the papal priests and are as much out of theological plum as they claim their vic-tims are. A pamphlet, published by the In-ternational Religious Association, entitled, " Sunday," is before us, and upon the title-page we find the following quotations:Š You may read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, and you will not find a single line authorizing the sanctification of Sunday. ŠJames Cardinal Gibbons, " The Faith of Our Fathers," p. 111. Had she [the Roman Catholic Church] not such power, she could not have done that in which all mod-ern religionists agree with herŠshe could not have substituted the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, for the observance of Saturday, the seventh day, a change for which there is no scrip-tural authority.ŠRev. Stephen Keenan, endorsed by John Cardinal McCloskey, "A Doctrinal Catechism," New York, 1875, p. 174. The New York Tribune, of Oct. 10, 1894, in a very able and exhaustive article upon the subject of the Christian Sabbath, cites author-ities and advances arguments which prove be-yond the shadow of a doubt that the first day of the week is purely a pagan holiday, as its name implies, hashed over by the papal church to take the place of the true Sabbath. This modern inquisition, that sends honest and reli-gious men to work in chain-gangs with con-victs because they dare to follow the dictates of their conscience, possesses the same spirit of cruelty and persecution which burned inno-cent men, women and children at the stake, under the bloody reign of Dominic and Loyola, in the Middle Ages. We have heard much about projects, for freeing " down-trod-den" Ireland; it is strange that we have not yet arrived at that point of advancement where we can free honesty and intelligence from the curse of bigotry and narrow-mind-edness. Manatee, Fla., Sept. 3rd, 1895. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: It would be interesting to know the opinions of those peo-ple in Tennessee who have secured the im-prisonment of Seventh-day Adventists, upon the subject of the murdering of missionaries and Christians in China and by Turks. No doubt these Tennesseeans are indignant over such atrocities. How much more reprehensi-ble is their conduct, with their environments, than that of the half savage heathens! It is astonishing to contemplate the bigotry exist-ing all over our country, and that too among people who have never imagined themselves open to such a charge in the remotest degree. W. E. DRISCOLL. 