" Corrupted-freemen are the worst of slaves."      VOLUME 3. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JULY, 1888. NUMBER 7. Pie eqn2eiesai2 Begtii2e1 PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS. J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. JONES. Entered at the Post-office in Oakland. A Sensible Letter. IN a recent letter from a town in Northern California ordering the SENTINEL for a pub-lic reading-room, the writer, evidently a gen-tleman ,of intelligence, takes the occasion to thus express himself in reference to our work:Š " I think your arguments are unanswerable, and the position you take in reference to the union of Church and State is the only safe one. It is for the best interests of all the peo-ple, and of all religious denominations as well. "There is no doubt in my mind that some of the leaders of the W. C. T. U. favor the de-signs of the National. Reformers, but the great majority of the members do not understand the matter at all. I am a Prohibitionist, and I am satisfied that the National Reform Asso-ciation would like to use the Prohibition party in the furtherance of their designs; but I am fully convinced that there are very few Prohibitionists that are aware of the fact. "I am decidedly opposed to the Prohibition party's adopting a Sunday-law plank; (1) be-cause it can do no good religiously, and (2) because it is a great mistake politically. The Prohibition party was organized to close the saloons seven days in the week, and on this Prohibitionists are agreed, but on the Sunday-law question they are not agreed, nor can they be. The adoption of that as a party measure would, in my judgment, divide the party and render success impossible. "I wish that the SENTINEL could be placed in the hands of Prohibitionists everywhere; and especially that it could be read by the editors of all Prohibition papers." Our correspondent has expressed the thing exactly. The National Reform Association intends to make use of the Prohibition party, but Prohibitionists are not generally aware of that fact. In this very ignorance lies the danger. We propose to show them the dan-ger, so that those who are really desirous of reform may not be used to further a move-ment which will have the semblance of all re- The Entering Wedge. THROUGH the courtesy of the introducer, Senator, Blair, we have copies of a bill and a resolution which have recently been intro-duced into the United States Senate, which will interest the readers of the SENTINEL, and should arouse the attention of every person in the country. We think it of the utmost importance that these be thoroughly studied, and so we print them in full. The first which we present is a " Joint Resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States respecting establishments of re-ligion and free public schools." The Resolu-tion is dated May 25, and has been read twice, and ordered to lie on the table. It reads thus:Š Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States'of America in Con-gress assembled (two-thirds of each House concur-ring therein), That the following amendment to the Constitution of the United States be, and hereby is, proposed to the States, to be-come valid when ratified by the Legislatures of three-fourths of the States, as provided in the Constitution ARTICLE. SECTION 1. No State shall ever make or maintain any law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof. SEC. 2. Each State in this Union shall es-tablish and maintain a system of free public schools adequate for the education of all the children living therein, between the ages of six and sixteen years, inclusive, in the com-mon branches of knowledge, andi in virtue, morality, and the principles of the Christian religion. But no money raised by taxation imposed by law, or any money or other prop-erty or credit belonging to any municipal or-ganization, or to any State, or to the United States, shall ever be appropriated, applied, or given to the use or purposes of any school, institution, corporation, or person, whereby instruction or training shall be given in the doctrines, tenets, belief, ceremonials, or observ-ances peculiar to any sect, denomination, or-ganization, or society, being, or claiming to be, religious in its character; nor shall such pe-culiar doctrines, tenets, belief, ceremonials, or observances, be taught or inculcated in the free public schools. SEC. 3. To the end that each State, the United States, and all the people thereof, may have and preserve governments republi-can in form and in substance, the United States shall guaranty to every State, and to the people of every State and of the United States, the support and maintenance of such a system of free public schools as is herein provided. SEC. 4. That Congress shall enforce this article by legislation when necessary. TT/ n _ --II_ - - in one particular, and that is the provision that free public schools, established and main- tained by the State, shall be established and maintained "for the education of all the chil-dren living therein . . . in the principles of the Christian religion." We have no idea that the amendment proposed will ever be adopted, for it too strongly maintains the ne-cessity of the public schools being free from denominational control, and of the denomi-national school being deprived of State pat-ronage, to suit the Catholics, and no political measure which the Catholics oppose can carry in this country. But while this is so, there is great danger that by means of the introduction of such resolutions, our legislators will become so familiarized with the idea of religious leg-islation that it will not appear to be the un-righteous thing that it is. It is as Christians as well as American citi-zens, that we stand opposed to any proposi-tion for the State to maintain public schools wherein children shall be taught "the princi-ples of the Christian religion." We think that it calls for opposition from Christians more strongly than from any other people. We have so often set forth the principles which condemn such legislation, and those princi-ples are so simple, that it should be unneces-sary to repeat them ; but often things that are simple are overlooked because of their very simplicity, so we note the following points which should be applied by every citizen, not only to this resolution, but to every one of a similar nature :Š The resolution is directly opposed to the first amendment to the Constitution, which says that " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, nor pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof." If it be said that the resolution does not mention an establishment of religion, we reply that for the State to teach Christianity would be most emphatically to effect an establishment of re-ligion; for Christianity is nothing if it is not religion. If it is not religion, what is it? The plain intent of that amendment is that Congress shall do nothing whatever that will tend to in-fluence any man's religious belief or practice, whether he be Christian, Jew, pagan, or in-fidel. In short, it was designed to set forth the truth that with religion the State has nothing whatever to do. What are the principles of the Christian religion ? Some will reply that they are the principles of common morality; that the design in requiring the principles of the Christian religion to be, taught in the public Ł EDITORS. 