111111, drif ail It litiil flit Equal and exact justice to all meg, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, MAY 15, 1890. NUMBER 20. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BYŁ TEE PACIFIC PRESS* PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO.  T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. A 3/fiLwAuKicE preacher argues that "The Church should stand as an arbiter Ł between capital and labor and try to get them .together." The Chnrch should do no such thing ; such is not her place in the world. Christ was once asked to do that very thing (Luke 12: 13, 14), and he flatly refused to perform any such office. And the disciple is not above his Master, nor the servant greater than his Lord; it is enough that the disciple be as his Master, and the servant as his Lord. . What a singular thing it is that professed minis: ters ,of the gospel will take positions and announce doctrines that are directly re-pudiated by the very Author of their pro-fession. SiNcE the confessed " Waterloo " that the , National Sunday-law issue met at Washington upon the Breckinridge Sun-day. Bill, there has been considerable query as to what turn next would *be taken by the managers of that movement. It now begins to appear, and it is that they are putting forth their efforts to so shape elections as to get into legislative halls men who will be but tools in their hands for the accomplishment of their purposes. Mr. Crafts has gone. to Cali-fornia; Mrs. Bateham was already there; and they are driving a. strong campaign, by which they hope to secure in the elec-tion next fall, a Legislature, that will give them a Sunday law, there. The leading State worker there, Rev. Edward Thomp-son, says, that although the2Association is not .a political one, still they, propose " to _Maio their infinenee felt by waiting until after legislative candidates are nom- inated, then go to the dominant party and ask its candidate to pledge himself to vote for a Sunday law. In case he will do so, they will vote for him, but should he re-fuse, the energies of the voting members-of the Association will be united to com-pass his defeat." And in this he included the members of the Young Men's Chris-tian Association. In Chicago also they are strongly pushing the political organi-zation of the Sunday forces. By the time the next Congressional election comes around, they will no doubt make a na-tional campaign on this issue. Now, therefore, is the time to work as never before with and amongst the people, in order that there also these religio-political tinkers may meet another " Waterloo." Another Sunday-Law Fraud. IN the Sunday-law campaign of last year Mr. Crafts urged everywhere the argument . that a national Sunday law would be constitutional because the Su-preme Courts of twenty-five States had held that such laws were constitutional. That argument never had enough real worth to pay for the breath that it took to make it, because the decisions of State courts have no bearing upon a national question. This year Mr. Crafts is passing off an argument that is just as worthless; but he presents it with such an air of au-thority as to make it appear as though it was of some force. The argument is so entirely his own that he has copyrighted it and has sent it out with other of his " syndicate " matter, to be printed in such of the " patent inside " papers as will pub-lish it. It is as follows :Š The judicial department of the National Govern-ment is represented by a decision of very great im-portance, though little known, which declares the constitutionality of Sunday laws. The decision was a unanimous one, delivered by Mr. Justice Field, March 16, 1885 (113, U. S. 710), and is as follows: " Laws setting aside Sunday as a day of rest are up-held, not from any right of the Government to leg-islate for the promotion of religious observances, but from its right to protect all persons from the physical and moral debasement that comes from  uninterrupted labor. Such laws have always been deemed beneficent and merciful laws, especially to the poor and dependent, to the laborers in our fac-tories and workshops, and in the heated rooms of our cities; and their validity has been sustained by the highest courts of the States." This is given by Mr. Crafts as a decision of the Supreme Court of the United States upon the question of Sunday laws. Rev. Dr. J. H. Elliott referred to the same thing, in his argument before the House Committee on District of Columbia, in behalf of the Breckinridge Sunday Bill, and said, " This is a case in the Supreme Court," thus also passing it off as a de-cision upon the question of Sunday laws. Even if it were such, it would not prove what they try to make it prove. It does not say that Sunday laws are constitu-tional by the United States Constitution. It does not say that their validity is sus-tained by the highest court of the United States. It says, " Their validity has been sustained by the highest courts of the States." So that, taking this very state-ment which they offer, it proves simply what it has already taken them so long to understand, that is, that the States have sustained such laws, which action has no bearing whatever on a national question. But that is not all there is to this mat-ter. As we have stated, Mr. Crafts and his fellow-workers are passing this argu-ment as a decision of the Supreme Court of the United States upon the question of Sunday laws, while in truth it is no such thing. The decision distinctly says, " The pro-hibition against labor on Sunday is not involved." So that the decision is not in any sense what Mr. Crafts attempts to make it. Now for the facts in the case. The case is known as one of the Chinese Laun-dry cases, brought up from San Francisco Šthe case of Soon Hing v. Crowley, The City of, San Francisco passed an ordi-nance regulating laundries and public wash - houses. The fourth Section de-clared that "No person owning, or em-ployed in, a public laundry, or a public 