THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 2M The Secret of Abolishing the Saloon. REV. W. F. CRAFTS, in his tour across the continent and back, seems to have made the journey especially to tell the people how bad a small sect known as SeveAth-day Adventists are. In his visit to Peoria, Illinois, he did but little else than denounce this sect. He represented them as very bitterly opposed to all Sun- day legislation, and gave utterance to the most, scathing anthemas because of such opposition. He stated that if they would use the same opposition toward the liquor traffic, that they do toward Sunday laws, the saloon would be banished from the land in a year. If we are correctly informed, Seventh day Adventists only number about thirty thousand. And if it is true that so small a number of Christians could rout the sa-loon in a year, why doesn't Mr. Crafts turn his guns in that direction, and try to find the requisite number to engage in the work with him ? Certainly if the sa-loon could be driven from the country, it would be more beneficial to the morals of society than all the benign influences ever dreamed of, in Sunday laws. Now what will Mr. Crafts do? Will he take back his rash statement, or will he insist that there are not thirty thou-sand Christians in the United States work-ing for temperance ? If the temperance army is not that strong, we would suggest that it be, reinforced from the ranks of the workers for Sunday legislation. If it should be said that Sunday desecration and intemperance go hand in hand, and that working for Sunday laws is really working for temperance, we must insist on saying that the proof is wanting. Any one with ordinary observation knows that there are "multiplied thousands of good citizens who are strongly opposed to the saloon, and yet they do not observe Sun-day at all. They either spend the day at their ordinary business, or else in some harmless recreation. The facts are too apparent for any one to say that a failure to observe Sunday religiously is always accompanied by intemperance. The saloon element, it is true, pay but little regard to Sunday., and generally spend the day in drunken carousals. It is not their failure to keep S Sunday that drives them to the saloon; but because of their habit of strong drink, and the influ-ence of the saloon,. their sensibilities are so benumbed that they do not regard any principles of morality as they should. So if Mr. Crafts has carefully made his esti-mate, and is sure thirty thousand zealous Christians can rout the saloon in a year, we earnestly advise him to devote his en-. ergies to the destruction of this great so-cial evil, and when the cause of so much misery is removed the iniquity will cease of itself. We hope Mr. Crafts will free himself from the delusion that working for Sunday laws will advance temperance,  and turn his misguided zeal and energy to hunting up his thirty thousand Chris-tians, and by inspiring them with intense devotion to the temperance cause, either prove his statement to be true, or else quit telling that Seventh-day Adventists could rout the saloon in a year, if they would devote themselves to that work. A. 0. TAIT. Ł *  Ł  What Is the State? HAVING learned that a State or a Na-tion cannot become a moral creature, by reason of its having been formed of men who are individually accountable, the next inquiry which naturally presents itself, is, what kind of a creature, then, is the State ? and what are its functions ? These are very important questions, and if properly answered, will solve the prob-lem, of how far the interests of the Church and the State are identical. It cnnot be successfully disputed that civil government is ordained of God, for this is so stated by the Scriptures. Rom. 13: 1. But for what purpose ? To rule in religious matters ? If so, then what need of the Church ? Why not let the State be the Church, and have all the gospel ordi-nances administered by government offi-cers ? In that case, each government officer would, of course, be inducted into office by.prayer and imposition of hands, in the same way as officers of the church. It may be objected that such an extreme would not be admissible, because it would necessarily degrade Christian ordinances to the level of secular matters. True enough ; but if civil government is or-dained of God to regulate, in any degree, matters of religion, who shall say where its powers must end ? Did not the Apostle Paul exhort the Roman Christians to be subject to the "powers that be" for con-science' sake ? Yet the very work of preaching the gospel, in which that apos-tle was engaged, was opposed to the re-ligion and laws of the Roman Government. The religion of Rome, at that time, was pagan, and that was controlled by the State. The religion Paul preached was Christianity, to which Rome was uncom-promisingly opposed. Neander, in his Church History, quotes the following from Cicero, as one of Rome's fundamental maxims of legislation :Š No man shall have, for himself particularly, gods of his own. No man shall worship, by himself, any new or foreign gods, unless they are recog-lazed by the public laws. Vol. I, pages 86, 87, Torrey's translation, 1852. And yet in the face of law so stringently opposed to Christianity, the apostle ex-horted the subjects of Rome, who pro-fessed Christianity, to be subject to the " powers that be," calling them the "higher powers," and declaring that they were " ordained of God." Now, if that Government was ordained of God, to enforce such laws as it did against Chris- tianity, then how manifestly wrong was it for the Apostle Paul to preach a religion in Rome, which was diametrically opposed to the laws of Rome! Looking at the matter in this light, Nero did the work of a minister of God in executing wrath upon the Christians for not conforming to the laws of the country, which com- manded all to " worship the gods in all respects, according to the laws of your country, and compel all others to do the same; but hate and punish those who would introduce anything whatever, alien to our customs in this particular." This was Roman law. Yet Paul him-self, as well as the other apostles, prac-ticed that which was plainly in violation of that statute, and suffered death in con-sequence. They justified themselves, too, in the course they pursued, by asserting that the law of God had higher claims on them than the laws of earthly govern-ments. At one time, when Peter and John had been preaching the gospel contrary to the law under which they lived, they were threatened by the authorities for so doing, 'and were commanded to de-sist from such a course. They simply replied, " Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye." Acts 4: 19. That all might know how they regarded the authority of the civil power in religious matters, they still kept on preaching Christ; but were again apprehended, and brought before the council. They were then reminded of the caution given them a short time before; but the apostles quietly said, " We ought to obey God rather than man." Acts 5:29. These answers of the apostles plainly show the position they occupied, relative to this matter. They did not have the faintest idea that the State had the least authority in matters of religion. More than that; their words plainly teach that human laws are utterly incapable of meeting the requirements of the individual conscience, and are therefore inadequate to regulate matters of personal faith toward God. Why, then, were those injunctions re-garding the " powers that be," given by the Apostle Paul to the Roman Chris-tians ? Manifestly to teach them that their relation to Christianity in no way absolved them from their duty as citizens, to the government under which they lived. Although they had come to rec-ognize the King of Heaven as their spiritual Ruler, they were not to forget that civil governments have a part to act, in procuring peace and protection to the honest and industrious, and, for that purpose, were ordained of God. And, although the king of the country in which they lived, was a wicked heathen, they would not be justified in refusing to obey his laws, which imposed taxes to maintain peace and public order. So long as those laws did not contravene that law 