12 THE AMERICAN SENTINF_Ma Vol. 4, No. 2. sanction, and that sanction was rarely given except 'Ł -Ł of murder." And sole pros- pered, and nip kingdom prospered, through all his absurd infidelity as a man, and his faithlessness as a king. Another instance we have in the Empress atharine, of Russia, who, among the rulers of that country, may fairly rank as second only to Peter the Great. She greatly enlarged on the west, the south, and the east, the domin-ions which she, a foreigner, had obtained by dethroning her husband and excluding her son ; she conquered her enemies by land and sea, wrought real improvement in the admin-istration of justice, the furtherance of educa-tion, industry, and commerce. She, too, was a disciple of Voltaire, and was shamefully and systematically immoral. And, too, the Nation prospered. Another instance we find in Henry IV. (Navarre), of France, the greatest of the Bour-bon line, " who restored order, terminated a terrible civil war, brought the finances into ex-cellent condition, made his country respected throughout Europe, and endeared himself to the great body of the people whom he ruled." Yet he changed his religion four times. First he was a Huguenot; but to escape the conse-quences of St. Bartholomew's day (1572), turned Catholic. As soon as that danger was fairly past, and he made his escape from Paris, he was a, Huguenot again; then soon after, when all that stood between him and the throne was his Huguenot profession, it was again conveniently renounced, and he was again converted to the Catholic faith. Nor in his private life was he under much more restraint from any regard to the princi-ples of morality. But not to multiply instances, we will come at once to the great prototype of National Re-formers, the uniter of Church and State, Con-stantine. Surely the National Reformers will not deny that the Nation prospered under his rule. Yet he was a hypocrite from the day that he crossed the Milvian Bridge, faithless, if not a perjurer, and a quadruple murderer, Ša hypocrite, as his whole future life shows; faithless, in that although he gave his solemn promise and confirmed it by an oath, that if Licinius would resign his claims to the purple, he should be permitted to pass the remainder of his life in peace, and this promise and this oath were made not alone to Licinius but also to his wife, the own sister of Constantine, in behalf of her husband, yet, notwithstand-ing all this, only a little while after Licinius reached Thessalonica, the place appointed for his abode, he was foully murdered by order of Constantine. And the circumstance that Licinius had at the time fully reached the al-lotted threescore and ten years, added to his murder the element of wanton cruelty. But Constantine did not stop with this, his first murder. This was in A. D. 324. In 326 his own son Crispus was put to death by his or-ders, and for no other crime than his abilities; and at the same time he murdered his nephew, the son of the murdered Licinius, " whose rank was his only crime," and the obdurate heart of the emperor "was unmoved by the  prayers and tears of his favorite sister, plead-ing for the life of a son whose loss she did not long survive." But this is enough mention of his fearful crimes, and we gladly turn- from it without narrating the bloody tragedy of his own wife. And all this while he professed to be a Chris-tian. It was before the battle of the Milvian Bridge (312) that he professed to have had his vision of the flaming cross and its inscrip- tion. In 321 he lie Sunday edict. It was in 324 that he murdered Licinius. In 325 he convened the Council of Nicma, pre-sided over its deliberations, took part in its discussions, and published and enforced its decisions. In 326 he murdered his nephew and Crispus. And in 330, May 11, his new capital, Constantinople, was dedicated to the Virgin Mary. In 337, May 22, he died, and there ended his evil life. To quote the words of another, "Tested by character, indeed he stands among the lowest of all those to whom the epithet [Great] has in ancient or modern times been applied."ŠEncyclopedia Britannica, ninth edition, art. Constantine. Yet through all this defiance of all principle, of all the laws of God, and of civilized men, he pros-pered as a ruler, and the Nation prospered under his shameful rule, Again, upon their own claims, our own country is a positive contradiction of this proposition. They say that this Nation is, and has been from the beginning, governed by a " Constitution so very wicked, so entirely god-less, that a man who fears God and honors Christ cannot support nor swear allegiance to it." Yet in spite of all this, this Nation has prospered most, has grown most rapidly, has reached the highest place in the shortest time, of any Nation that the world has ever seen. And in the bright shining of the light of the last years of the nineteenth century, and flatly in the face of universal history, which is in itself a universal refutation, they set forth the proposition that Nations do not pros-per except as they "recognize and obey the moral lanes which God has ordained." We verily believe that such another set of blun-ders and misreading of history and human experience as is held to by the National Re-form party, cannot be found outside of the his-tory of the Jesuits. And if that party does not yet fairly out-Jesuit the Jesuits themselves, we shall be willing to learn that we have mis-taken them. The fact of the matter is that this party, utterly mistakes the functions of human government, and consequently views everything in connection therewith in its re-verse. But when men deliberately turn their backs upon the nineteenth century, and seek to revive the forms and methods of government of the Dark Ages, we cannot expect from them any other than the forms and methods of argument of the Dark Ages. A. T. J. 41 Ł 4_ FREE-WILL is not the liberty to do whatever one likes, but the power of doing whatever one sees ought to be done, even in the very face of otherwise overwhelming impulses. There lies freedom indeed.ŠGeorge .1171aeDon-f ald. Our Public-School System. WE are told that public morality is in &-cadence; that infidelity of one sort and an-other is on the rampage; that crimes are more numerous than ever before; that the marriage tie is more lightly regarded; that the general conscience is less sensitive to evils which affect the welfare of society, and that therefore the school tax should be divided be-tween Catholics and Protestants, that each may take care of its own constituency. This we believe to be a mistake. . . . We are told that our children ought to be more carefully taught, that their religious education is neg-lected, and that many wasted lives are the consequence. No one will be likely to deny it. But where shall the child get his moral education unless in the home and in the church? What are homes and churches for? The public-school system is a purely State affair, a secular institution. It can never be anything else. Its sole business is to give the rudiments of education, that the boy may have a brain as well as a pair of hands for the struggle of the future. If the church and the home supplement that training by the in-fusion of religious doctrine or moral ideas, why then you have a boy well equipped for citizenship. It is not the duty of the State to make Episcopalians or Catholics or Method-ists. The State must keep out of the church, and the church must keep out of the State. That idea lies at the foundation of things in this country, and it can never be changed until our institutions are destroyed.ŠNew York.  Herald. The American System Compared with Other Systems. THE American relationship of Church and State differs from all previous relationships. in Europe and in the colonial period of our.  history; and yet it rests upon them and reaps the benefit of them all. For history is an organic unit, and American history has its roots in Europe. 1. The American system differs from the ante-Nicene or pre;Constantinian separation of Church and State, when the church was, indeed, as with us, self-supporting and self-governing, and so far free within, but under persecution from without, being treated as a forbidden religion by the then heathen State. In America the Government protects the church in her property and rights with-out interfering with her internal affairs. .. . 2. The American system differs from the hierarchical control of the church over the State, or from priest government, which pre-vailed in the Middle Ages down to the Refor-mation, and reached its culmination in the Papacy. It confines the church to her proper spiritual vocation, and leaves the State independent in all the temporal affairs of the Nation. . . . 3. The American system differs from the Erastian or Usaro-Papal control of the State over the church, which obtained in the old Byzantine Empire, and prevails in modern Russia, and in the Protestant States of Eu- 