R6110101IS Libcrtil flssociatiou AND 4087/Cz tO 4(4, 398 1 t AiviNMGAN sMViINEL. A Prayer Answered. THE Rev. Mr. Dunn, one of the Secre-taries of the American Sabbath Union, in the course of a sermon preached in Brook-lyn a few evenings ago, said : " The Puri-tans were the greatest of all great men;" and then fervently added, " 0, for more of the Puritan spirit!" The following from a late Pennsylvania paper is an ex-ample of the spirit that actuated the Puri-tans, and its effect on those who fell victims to it: " Frenchtown, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, has been in a tur-moil for several days on account of the superstitious beliefs of the foreigners there. About a week ago, Mrs. Passacre stated that she was the daughter of a mountain shepherd in Austro-Hungary, and according to the natives such a woman has the power of bewitching. Every little misfortune that has since befallen any of the inhabitants of the town has been charged to her, and the natives have threatened to burn her at the stake unless she would commit suicide. Recently a cow, belonging to the leader against the innocent woman, died. He went to the house and demanded that the cow be brought back to life within five hours. When the five hours had expired, and the animal had not come to life, the owner collected a crowd, and proceeding to her residence, dragged her from her home and so murderously assaulted her that her life is despaired of." " IN 1617, James I. published his ' Decla-ration to his Subjects Concerning Lawful Sports,' sanctioning certain recreations and pastimes on the Sabbath, and order-ing this sanction to be made known in all the churches. ŁTwenty-six years later this royal book was burned by the common hangman, in Cheapside, pursuant to reso-lution of Parliament." " IN 1637, for writing Altrare Christi-anum ' and `Sunday no Sabbath,' Dr. Pocklington was deprived of all his liv-ings, dignities, and preferments, perpetu-ally disabled from holding any place in church or commonwealth, and his works were burned by the common hangman." In 1891, a book of " Bible Readings," which among other things contains the teachings of the Bible, in reference to Sunday and the Sabbath, is denounced by clergymen in the public prints as a dan-gerous and heretical work; and many are fined and imprisoned for failing to keep sacred the first day of the week,Ševen some who have religiously observed the seventh day, according to the accurate reading of the commandment. IT often happens in this world that the greatest and gravest interests are left to he judged by small-souled men.ŠDr. Vail. Nuvricomm, KEEP TaE!Ł Ł Ł SPATE-  AND IRE oRtIC" tOREVelIS°sAMT::4391t  NARRATION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as 11 Curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-' ligions questions. We believe it is the right, and should be theprivilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: Ł 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W.,_ WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH, PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. PETITIONS are already being received by Con-gressmen, and presented, praying Congress not to grant further financial assistance to the World's Fair unless it be closed on Sunday. THE annual report of the Commissioners of the District of Columbia, submitted to the President, and by him transmitted to Congress, urges the adoption of " a law to prohibit the pursuit of ordi-nary secular occupations on Sunday," in the Dis-trict of Columbia. AN attempt is being made in Oregon to revive the old Sunday law of that State, which has been a dead letter for some time, it having been declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of the State some years ago. When it is remembered that an effort was made at their last Legislature to get a Sunday law enacted that could easily be made effective, it can be readily seen how determined the advocates of Sunday legislation are, in that part of the country. THE New York State Sabbath Committee, organ-ized at the convention held in Utica,' consists of two members from each county in the State, and will, among other things, "oppose legislation un-friendly to the use of the first day of the week for rest and religious uses, by bringing to bear upon the Legislature prompt united action of the Sab-bath loving citizens in all parts of the State when-ever such legislation is attempted, and seek to se-cure a better enforcement of existing laws in the interest of Sabbath observance." The Syracuse Times raises a warning voice to the Committee: " Gentlemen, have a care that you don't trample upon the rights and liberty of those who do not agree with you! " -.-Ł  IN order to test the Sunday law in reference to hacks and cabs, the cab drivers of Washington, D. C., are courting arrest. The Washington Post tells of it thus:Š One of the many hobbies of Ł Ex-Commissioner Ludlow was that a regulation should be passed to clear the hack stands on Sunday. He eventually secured the adoption of a regulation prohibiting the congregating of hacks on the regular stands on Sunday, and this regulation also prohibited hack or cab drivers from soliciting on the streets. The law has been rigidly enforced. On Sundays one seeking a cab is obliged to go to a stable or to one of the depots in order to secure a conveyance. The cabs are allowed to go to the trains and pick up customers there, Their practice has bees to drive  to the depots and if a fare was not secured to drive rather rapidly along the avenue as though they either had a passenger or were going to answer a call sent to the stable for a vehicle. Though ap-parently driving along fully intent on an errand, they were really on the lookout for passengers; al-though it being the Sabbath, they were not allowed to say, " Cab, sir ? " The owners of cabs, hacks, hansoms etc., always considered it unjust both to themselves, and the public, that they should be excluded from the reg-ular stands on Sunday, They have, therefore, instructed their men to drive along the avenues and streets and solicit custom, and to violate the reg-ulation in order to test the validity of the law. Yesterday the officers of the first precinct arrested four drivers charged with a violation of the regu-lation. REV. JAMES. M. KING, General Secretary of the National League for the Protection of American Institutions, is in Washington for the purpose of influencing Congress to recommend a sixteenth amendment to the Constitution of the United States, as follows :Š No State shall pass any law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof, or use its property or credit, or any money raised by taxation, or authorize either to be used, for the purpose of founding, maintaining, or aiding, by appropriation, payment for services, ex-penses, or otherwise, any church, religious denom-ination, or religious society, or any institution, so-ciety, or undertaking which is wholly, or in part, under sectarian or ecclesiastical control. The purposes and principles of this organization, condensed into a watchword would be, " America for Protestant Americans," for it sets itself to re-strict immigration, to establish a certain censor- ship as to the study of the English language, in the public schools, and while ostensibly favoring the separation of Church and State has, as the main purpose of its existence, the preservation of Ameri-can ecclesiasticism. A DEBATE in the French Chamber of Deputit s on December 16, concerning the relations of Church and State, was the cause of great uproar and nearly resulted in a duel. The despatches say: "The ecclesiastical controversy caused a great disturb-ance in the Chamber of Deputies to-day. M. Hub-bard introduced a motion condemning the hostile attitude of the clergy, and demanding that steps be taken for the separation of Church and State." M. Fallieres, Minister of Justice and Public Wor-ship, replied, and a scene of tremendous excite. ment and threatened violence ensued. " Resuming his speech M' Fallieres said that the government was opposed to the separation of Church and State. The Ministry, he continued, would shortly intro-duce a bill dealing with associations, which would apply equally to religious and secular communities. He added, however, that this bill must not be re-garded as a prelude to the separation of Church and State. . . . It is the general opinion among members of the Chamber of Deputies, that the de-bate may be critical as regards the existence of the Cabinet owing to the dissatisfaction of the mem-bers of the Right at the Cabinet's intention to in-troduce a bill dealing with religious associations." IN GermanyŠ  the Lutheran is the established church and the king is its virtual head; but there are nine churches over which the government has supervision and to which money is yearly granted. The professors of the theological institutions are appointed by the government, and they teach what they choose or omit to teach what they please, so long as they do not offend the government, and retain their positions as purveyors of religious be-lief. Sometime ago an officer was dismissed from the army because of the irreligious teachings of a book which he had published, but it did not deprive him of his membership in the church; of so arti-ficial and perfunctory a nature are the require-ments of church relationship. The Church is with-out power of discipline and unable to purge itself of those whose lives are unworthy. The government is the arbiter of all these things, and its attention R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 