46 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. all the other sects; or that all these sects would combine to effect a joint union with the State, you have a notion of human nature and of church nature different from what I have. Church and State in union, then, are forever impossible here, and, were it never so easy, we all repudiate it on principle. There are endur-ing and ever valid reasons against it. But re-ligion and State is another thing. That is pos-sible. That is a good thingŠand that is what we aim to make a feature in our institutions." Exactly, and right here do we see the omen of a union of Church and State. We do not expect that in this country the Catholic Church will be the State Church, nor that any one of the Protestant sects will be honored by an alli-ance with the State. Neither do we look for all the sects to combine and sink their individual names and thus form a union with the State. But we do look for a desperate effort to unite Church and State, and we claim that this effort will be made by the so-called National Reform Party. And further, we claim that Dr. Ed- wards has admitted, even while denying it, that such union 'is the avowed object of that party. We leave it to the candid reader if the short argument at the beginning of this article, defining " the church," taken in connection with Dr. Edwards's positive declaration, does not prove that a union of Church and State is the grand object sought by the Amendmentists. " But," says one, " do you not teach that a man should carry his religion into his business? Why then should you object to religion in the State ?" We do believe that if a man has re-ligion he should manifest it in his business transactions as well as in church; but if he has it not, we would not have him simulate it. So likewise we believe in religion among individ-uals everywhere, for only individuals can be religious. No man can be religious for another, neither can one man or any number of men make any man religious. And therefore we are not in favor of upholding religion by the laws of the State. Perhaps it may be made a little plainer that religion in the State is Church and State united. We say that the possession of true religion marks one as a real ChristianŠa member of the church of Christ. The association together of a body of people professing religion consti- tutes, outwardly at least, a branch of the church of Christ. And so likewise the pro-fession of religion by the State, constitutes a State church. It is all the union of Church and State that has ever existed. And when such union shall have been effected, what will be the result? Just this: Religion and patriot-ism will be identical. No matter how pure some of the principles upheld by the laws may be, they can have no vitalizing, spiritual effect on the hearts of the people, because they will stand on the same level as the law defining who are eligible to office, and regulating the length of the presidential term. In short, the incorporation of religion into the laws of the State, marks the decline of religion in the hearts of the people. And this is what the Religious Amendment Party is pledged to bring about. Ought not all lovers of pure Christianity to enter a hearty and continued protest against such a proceeding? E. J. W. Th'e Higher Law. THE following is from the pen of Rev. Wm. Ballantine, a Presbyterian minister who has from the first been a firm opposer of the Relig-ious Amendment party, and an exposer of its fallacies. This extract is from a " Reply to Dr. W. Wishart," in a National Reform Convention. In future numbers we shall present more from the same source :Š Some persons are very anxious to have the Bible recognized as the supreme law of the land, thinking that if this were done, it would secure righteous enactments and their judicious en-forcement. But a moment's reflection should convince them that the influence of God's word cannot be increased by human authority. If his authority as its Author, and the energy of his Holjr Spirit, do not render it efficient, no civil enactment can. He is our Sovereign and the Bible is his law, and to him alone are we accountable for our belief in its doctrines, and the practice of its principles. Does human authority command contrary to its precepts ? Then our duty is to obey God rather than man. It is to us, then, the higher law. But tram-mel it with human legislation, make it the law of the land, and it ceases to be the higher law. Then you are bound to receive as its teachings, in any matter of dispute, not your own honest convictions of its truth, but the interpretation of your civil judges. If this interpretation and your belief of its truth conflict, there is no rem-edyŠno higher law to appeal to. No alterna-tive is left you but either to submit or rebel against legitimate authority, for you have made it the law of the land and appointed civil au-thorities to interpret the law of your conscience. Such treatment would not only belittle, but destroy the influence' of the Bible. How power-ful and weighty were the appeals of Sumner, Seward, and Chase to the higher law, in their advocacy of the downfall of slavery ? The in-spiration of their principles, drawn from such a divine source, caused the autocrats of the South, as they sat in the Halls of Congress, to tremble like Belshazzar of old, when he saw the divine hand writing the epitaph of his kingdomŠ" MENE, MENE, TEKEL, UPHARSIN." In this controversy, had it been the formal law of the land, it would have become secularized in the " irrepressible conflict " about its meaning, and the mighty logic of its sacred influence would have departed. Excellent on this subject are the following editorial remarks in the Cincin-nati Gazette of February 7, 1872:Š The movement to put into the Constitution a declaration of spiritual authority originates with a class of persons who think that religious liberty and the system of government which separates Church and State are failures. It is not strange that they should have this lack of faith, for the system is an experiment which our Government alone of all the Governments of the world is trying. It is not strange that many should think that religious liberty is licentiousness, and that a State without a State religion is a godless State, and is virtually an expression of contempt for religion; for in all ages of the world, States, whether pagan or Christian, have taken charge of the religion of their citizens. In stating this as the conviction of these movers, we give full consideration to trivance to rule over them. their disclaimers and explanations. In spite of all these, no plain reason can be given for in-serting in the Constitution an acknowledgment of a spiritual authority in our Government that does not mean a declaration of religious duties on the part of the State which make the State a church, with the power and the duty to en-ibree religious observances, and to disqualify and disfranchise those who do not subscribe to what the State lays down in purely spiritual matters. " These movers labor under the mistake of supposing that anything which they believe to be true is a proper thing to put into the Con-stitution. When they affirm this source of ex-istence and authority, and this allegiance, and this authority of the Bible as a rule of conduct, they find very few to dispute. The proper ap-plication of all this is that all men should make Christian morality and Christian duty the rule of their conduct in public affairs, and thus should make religion the higher law of political action. But their conclusion is that because what they declare is truth, it should be put into the Constitution and thereby be made coercive law. Their religious zeal is greater than their knowledge of constitutional law. The Constitution is not a platform of abstract declarations, nor is it a creed which people are to assent to, but to make the law of their con-duct according as they can hold. It is a body of fundamental law for the government of the country. It is made to be carried into effect by the Government, by legislative, judicial, and executive administration. This declaration of spiritual authority is to be a mere mocking of God, or it is to have the same three as all other parts of this fundamental law, and it is to be carried into effect by the same instrumentalities. "God and religion are not abstractions. They have their written law, the Bible. These dec-larations mearfL-if they have any meaningŠthat the Bible shall be the law of the Government, by which all our laws are to be tested, and which our courts are bound to administer. Now to say that the Bible is sufficient rule of faith and practice, and to say that it shall be made the law of our Government, aro two widely dif-ferent things. The first is a declaration that all Christians subscribe to. The second is what very few of them will accept. Our laws are to be administered by the ordinary infirm human agencies. Do we desire to put the divine law into their hands to define and execute? " Human nature will remain as it was before. No miraculous change will be wrought by this declaration. The Government will continue to be administered by men of ordinary passions, such as are elected by the average intelligence and virtue, and the average ignorance and cor-ruption of the voting population. Viciousness, and ignorance, and corruption will continue to be powers in the body politic the same as be- fore, and these will continue to elect legisla-tors, executives, and judges of their own sort. The consummation will be that a spiritual 'au-thority will be created to be administered by a low order of political instrumentalities, and men will find that they have foolishly parted with , their freedom of conscience, and instead of the law of God have set up a very bare human con- 