288 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YoRir, MAY 4, 1899. WE publish this week the first of a series of three articles on "The Town of Bondage" by a well-known con-tributor. They teach an important truth, which will be evident upon a careful reading. IT is now reported that the pope is to be represented at the czar's peace conference, after all; but before consenting to allow such a represen-tative, the conference authorities ex-acted of the pope the promise that he would not raise the "Roman ques-tion." THE most probable successor to the office of the speakership in Con-gress, lately vacated by Mr. Reed, is Congressman Sherman, of New York. There are many candidates for the office, but the Philadelphia Record mentions Mr. Sherman as the most likely to gain the place for the rea-son that he has the support of the Roman Catholics. .at IN view of what "civilization" is now doing in China, the Chinese min-ister to the United States, Wu Ting Fang, has asked the question: "What is civilization. Does it mean solely the possession of superior force and an ample supply of offensive and de-fensive weapons?" This question he asked in all seriousness in an address before the Academy of Political and Social Science at Philadelphia. In answer to this question it may be said that whatever civilization means, it does not prevent the great nations of the earth being supremely selfish, and acting the part of a can-nibal towards their weaker fellows. No amount of explanation and reas-oning can dispel this impression from the minds of Wu Ting Fang and his countrymen across the sea. "PRIVATE advices from Rome," says a " special" to the Chicago Times Herald, indicate the coming appointment of a "cardinal in curia" to represent the United States at the Vatican. Such officials are "impor-tant functionaries in the diplomatic intercourse of the Vatican." "It is said," reads the dispatch, "the au-thorities in Washington have been indirectly approached in the mat-ter," and it is hinted that when Archbishops Ireland and Keene re-turn "something more definite will be available on this point." ABRAHAM LINCOLN said that while you couldn't "fool all the people all the time," you could "fool a part of the people all the time," and "all the people a part of the time." And this is how it will be in the movement for Sunday enforcement. Public senti-ment would not sustain such work all the time; but it can be so "edu-cated" that it will sustain it for a while; and just this is being rapidly accomplished now. All the peopleŠor a great majorityŠwill be fooled a part of the time into thinking Sun-day enforcement a necessity; and in this part of the time, when dissenters to the movement are being vigor-ously suppressed, the mischief will be done. There can be, and will be, in this way, a revival of religious persecution, and a conformity in government with the principles of the papacy, which will hurt the na-tion beyond remedy. THE Chicago Record, speaking of the lynchings in Georgia, says: "It is , particularly humiliating to the United States at a time when it is occupying such a conspic-uous posi-tion before the world as a champion of the oppressed, to have such bar-barous, inhuman, and uncivilized outrages taking place at home." That is very true; for "actions speak louder than words," and the United States cannot complain if the nations of Europe judge it by this rule. At the very time when this na-tion is putting forth the loftiest pro- fessions ever made by any nation in modern times, its vaunted civiliza-tion exposes to the,  world a malig-nant cancer eating at its very vitals. It is safe to say there is not a nation in all Europe that has any confi-dence whatever in the professions by which this Government seeks to jus-tify its policy of foreign conquest. THE W. C. T. U. of Morris County, N. J., have taken up the matter of the running of Sunday trains on the D. L. & W. Railway, and in a resolu-tion passed on the subject at a re-cent meeting, set forth that this road "was built in 1836 by those whose desire was to honor and obey the law of God," and that the union most strongly objects "to any low-ering of old standards," and does "earnestly protest against this pro-nounced desecration of the Sab-bath." And yet the law of God plainly says nothing at all about the sinful-ness of running trains or doing any other work on the first day of the week. LEADERS of the opposition to Sun-day newswapers in London recently made an appeal to the government and asked that legal steps be taken to stop this desecration of "the Sab-bath." Whereupon the government leader, Mr. Balfour, replied that "her Majesty's government has no inten-tion of interfering in the matter." IN reply to questions asked by:the Industrial Commission sitting at Washington, the chiefs of the leading  railroad organizations drew up a re-port which was recently presented, and in which they expressed them-selves in favor of the abolition of Sunday trains. "WHAT would Jesus do?" is a ques-tion often heard in connection with the "reform" agitation of this day. If you really want to know what he would do, go and find out what he did do. You can read that for your-self from the gospel narratives. 