THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 109 by the founders of our great political system, but has been emphatically re-asserted by the Supreme Court of the United States, the most august judicial tribunal .in the world. " It must be con-ceded," says our highest court, "that there are such [private] rights in every free government beyond the control of the State. A government which recognized no such rights, which held the lives, the liberty, and the property of its citizens, subject at all times to the ,absolute disposition and unlimited control of even the most demo- cratic depdsitory of power, is after all but a despotism. It is true it is a despotism of the many, of the majority if you choose to call it so, but it is none the less a des-potism. It may well be doubted if a man is to hold all that he is accustomed to call his .own, all in which he has placed his-  happiness, and the security of which is essential to that happiness under the un-limited, dominion of others, whether it is not wiser that this power should be ex-ercised by one man than by many. "'The theory of our Governments, State and National, is opposed' to the deposit of unlimited power anywhere. The executive, the legislative, and the judicial branches of -these Governments are all of limited and defined powers. " There are limitations on such powers that grow out of the essential nature of all free governments ;Šimplied reserva-tions of individual rights, without which the social compact could not exist, 'and which are respected by all governments entitled to the name. No court, for in-stance, would hesitate to declare void a statute which enacted that A and B, who were husband and wife to each other, should be so no longer; but that A should thereafter' be the husband of C, and B the wife of D; or which should enact that the homestead now owned by A. should no longer be his but should henceforth be the property of B." Judge Cooley, in his " Constitutional Limitations," also asserts, in part, the prin-ciple underlying the foregoing decision of the. Supreme Court. It must be borne in mind that rights are just claims according to natural lawŠthe law of justice. - Dec-larations of rights are simply declara-tions of these claims;Šthe claims are valid and just, whether recognized in our Con-stitutions or not. Judge Cooley says :Š The bills of rights in the American Constitutions forbid that parties shall be deprived of property except by the law of the land ; but if the prohibition had' been omitted, a legislative enactment to pass one man's property over to another would never-theless be void. If the act proceeded upon the assumption that such other person was justly en-titled to the estate, and therefore it was transferred, it would be void, because judicial in its nature; and if it proceeded without reasons, it would be equally void, as neither legislative nor judicial, but a mere arbitrary flat. . . . The Parliament of Great Britain, indeed, as pos-sessing the sovereignty of the' country, has the power to disregard fundamental principles, and pass arbitrary and unjust enactments; but it can  not do this rightfully, and it has the power to do so simply because there is no written Constitution from which its authority springs or on which it depends, and by which the courts can test the validity of its declared will. The rules which confine the discretion of Parlia-ment within the ancient landmarks are rules for the construction of the powers of the American legis-latures; and however proper and prudent it may be expressly to prohibit those things which are not understood to be within the proper attributes of legislative power, such prohibition can never be regarded as essential, when the extent of the power apportioned to the legislative department is found upon examination not to be broad enough to cover the obnoxious authority. The absence of such pro-hibition can not, by implication, confer power. Nor, where fundamental rights are declared by the Constitution, is it necessary at the same time to prohibit the Legislature, in express terms, from tak-ing them away. The declaration is, itself a prohibi-tion, and is inserted in the Constitution for the express purpose of operating as a restriction upon legislative power.ŠChapter 7, pages 175, 176. These fundamental principles of our Government are too often overlooked. The truth is, according to the American political system, that the rights of man are wholly "beyond the legitimate reach of sovereignty," as Madison says, " wher-ever vested or .however viewed." And it is just as much a citizen's right and a citizen's duty to resist interference by the Government when it tramples on one right as when it tramples upon another. It is just as much his right and duty to disre-gard a law depriving him of one seventh of his time, as is done by Sunday laws, as it would be to disregard a decree giving to some one else one seventh of his prop-erty. Viewed even in a purely civil light, nothing less than this flagrant disregard of his private right can be seen;-rand the further disregard of his religious right adds just so much more to the outrage upon the individual. In this connection is seen the truth of Professor Francis Lieber's statement upon the question of majorities:Š Liberty has not unfrequently been defined as con-sisting in the rule of the majority; or, it has been said, where the people rule, there is liberty. The rule of the majority, of itself, indicates the power of a certain body; but power is not liberty. Sup-pose the majority bid you drink hemlock, is there liberty, for you ? Or, suppose the majority give away liberty and establish a despot. We might say with greater truth, that where the minority is pro-tected although the majority rule, then probably liberty exists. But in this latter case it is the pro-tection, or in other words, rights beyond the reach of the majority, which constitute liberty,Šnot the power of the majority. There can be no doubt that the majority ruled in the French massacres of the Protestants; was there liberty in France on that account ? All despotism, without a standing army, must be supported or acquiesced in, by the majority. It could not stand otherwise.ŠOn Civil Liberty and Self-Government (London, 1858), page 15. It is only by a just appreciation of these principles that liberty can be preserved ; for any infringement upon the rights ,of the minority, if persisted in,, always results in trampling them in the dust. There is no longer any danger; to America from oppression by a despotic king; but there are far graver dangers against which the American people must stand guarded. A  man can better defend himself against a tyrannical king than h e can against a tyran-nical majority. " It may be doubted," as the Supreme Court of the United States declares, if we are to have a despotism over us at all, " whether it is not wiser that this power should be exercised by one man than by many." " From kings, indeed," says John Fiske, " we have no more fear; they have come to be as spooks and bogies of the nursery. But the gravest dangers are those which present themselves in new forms, against which people's minds have not yet been fortified with traditional,* sentiments and phrases." * Then let us not spend all force against past evils,Ševils which have gone down never again to rise ;Šbut rather .guard against the actual evils that threaten us. Paternalism, centralization, nation-alism, a despotism of the majority, the deprivation of the rights of the minority, are evils coming on with a force in this country, that, if not checked, will yet prove as destructive of individual liberty as any despotism of a single man ever did. The rights of 'man can not be too securely guarded against the encroachment of any and all tyranny whatsoever. When this is doneŠwhen every man is insured his every right, and every individual realizes that he himself is a sovereign--then, and not till then, will the possibilities of 'a de-mocracy like ours be fully realized. W. A. BLAKELY. What People Say about "The Sentinel." FROM lawyers and magistrates in North Carolina who have received two numbers of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL :Š As well as I can understand the purpose of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, I am in full accord with its views. I favor allowing the widest latitude in re-ligious opinion, and no interference with the opin-ion or conduct of others while they conform to the requirement of the law enacted in compliance with the Constitution. I have perused your paper carefully, and consider it worthy of the attention of all good people. I feel grateful for the numbers sent to Łme, and would be happy to read-more of them. Success to your paper. I have received THE AmParoax SENTINEL, and like its contents, and the position it takes. I believe it is the 'duty of every Christian who is a lover of religious liberty, to keep posted upon all matters and laws that have a tendency to make the least encroachment upon the same.. I further be-lieve that every church organization should be free and independent of another, and as a church, should recognize no authority except the Bible, and no law-giver but our Lord Jesus Christ, and that in the New Testament. Please put my name on your subscription list for THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. I like the principles of the paper very much. THE SENTINEL was received the other day and carefully perused. I think it is correct on the ques-tion of uniting Church and State. Let us have any-thing before that. You may send me a few num- ' *" The Beginnings of New England,,." page W. 