486 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. 46r Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Poet-office.( This illustrates the difference between real rest and that "rest" which is forced upon people by law. The law makes a man rest by refusing to let him work. It binds him so that he can do nothing else, just as 'the man strapped to his couch could do nothing else but lie on it. But is there any real rest in that? Experience answers, No. The uppermost feeling is not that of rest, but of restraint. Let it be optional with an individual either to rest or work, and he will rest if he feels like doing so; but forbid him to work, merely to make him rest, and instinctively he will feel a desire to work. We are not supposing the case of an invalid, but of a man in ordinary health. The Sabbath comes each week to bring man rest; but Sabbath rest does not mean a condition of enforced idle-ness. The Bible Sabbath is "the Sabbath [or rest] of the Lord," and is therefore spiritual; and being spiritual, it can be enjoyed only by the spiritual mind. So plainly is this true that it is recognized even by some zealous work-ers for Sunday enforcement. They have said, Take reli-ligion out of the Sabbath, and you take the rest out. And they still affirm this to be true. The Sabbath rest, then, must be voluntary, both be-cause religion must be voluntary, and because there is no rest in restraint. Hence all "Sabbath laws" upon human statute books are but sources of evil. sueŁ as God Rules. THE following words, sound, and good, and true, are an extract from a sermon by W. L. Pickard, Cleveland, Ohio, taken from the Baptist Reflector. May there be many thousands of such speakers:Š "I believe that the living God rules in the historic march of the ages. He was present to bless the 'Declara-tion of Independence.' I think he was guiding the intel-lect that thought out and framed the Constitution of these United States. But I hope that we, as a people, will never put God in the Constitution by congressional enactment. Why not? you ask. BecauseI believe in the everlasting separation of church and state. And what-ever is put in the Constitution by legislative enactment  may become the subject of further legislation. Then in the far-off,  years, or perhaps not so far off, some domi-nant influence in the name of 'religion might define the God who is in the Constitution and decree the form of worship to be rendered him. Then would come again the awful struggle between church and stateŠthe struggle between conscience, freedom and legal tyranny. Putting God in the Constitution of the United States will not put him in the hearts and consciences of the people. Chris-tians are not made by legislative enactments of parlia-ments and congresses, but by the regenerating power of the Holy Spirit." "Poor Spain! Poor Filipinos!" THE following "Pastoral" of "The Most Excellent and Most Illustrious Archbishop of Manila," was ad-dressed to the people of the Philippines after Dewey had smashed things thereon May Day. We copy it from a Hong-Kong paper of May 19, 1898:Š "My Dear Sons : The dark day broke when the North American squadron entered swiftly into our brilliant bay, and despite the heroism of our sailors destroyed our ships, and succeeded in hoisting up the flag of the enemy on the blessed soil of our country. Don't forget that in their anger they intend with all their pride and vanity to crush our rights under their feet. It is a stranger who tries to subject us to his hard yoke. He is a heretic who tries to bring down our religion and drag us from the holy family of our Catholic Church. He is an insatiable merchant who tries to make his fortune out of the ruin of Spain and of her possessions. "Poor Spain, if these invaders succeed in their unholy intentions! Poor Filipinos, the day on which these North Americans establish their government on your soil! Poor Indians, subjected by a country which has not the Catholic faith of Spain, nor the maternal love, nor her high nobility, nor the community of interest and history which Spain has had with the Philippines during the last three centuries, nor the infusion of blood which a good many of you carry in your veins in this country, and which has been shed for the common defense in a good many great hazards. Tied with fraternal ties, sons of the metropolis and the colonies, very soon you will see an insuperable will put between you and your hatightyi masters . "For you there will be no more public offices, nor em-ploymentlin particular in the Łgovernment and adminis-tration of the country such as you had during the govern-ment of Spain. You will soon be formed into a sort of civil republic, at the low level of the pariahs, exploited like miserable colonists, reduced to the condition of slaves, even of beasts or machines, fed with a handful of rice or maize which they will throw in your faces as your daily rations in order that they may take advantage of the products of your labor. They will soon become the masters:of the fruits and treasures of your estates, which are yours by right, and cannot belong to another. But that is not all, nor the worst! Your temples will soon be in ruins, your chapels will be converted into Protest-ant churches, where there will not be the throne of God, the God of the Eucharist, nor the holy image of the Vir-gin Mary, your sweetest Mother. The cross of your cem- 