Ł-Ł .. Ł —. 7_ Equal and &xact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or persuasion, Feligious or political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, MARCH 3, 1892. NUMBER 9. The American Sentinel, PUBLISRED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. IL McKEE. "ETERNAL vigilance is the price of lib-erty;" power is ever stealing from the many to the few. The manna of popular liberty must be gathered each day or it is rotten. . . . Only by unintermitted agitation can a people be kept sufficiently awake to principle not to let liberty be smothered in material prosperity.ŠWen-dell Phillips. Ł 40, TOLERATION denotes neither the free-dom of religion from State control, nor the equality of all religions before the law. On the contrary, it implies either a preference by the State for some one form of faith or worship, though other forms are permitted ; or the right of the State to regulate the administration of ecclesiasti-cal affairs by the civil law. In the ety-mological sense, toleration is the permit-ting of that which is not fully approved. In the ecclesiastical sense, it means defi-nitely the allowance of religious opinions, and modes of worship, in a State when contrary to or different from those of the established church or belief. Toleration is a concession, in part, of that control over religion which the State assumes to exercise, but which it so far permits to fall into abeyance. THIS is not the condition of things in the ideal American State. The religious lib-erty, guaranteed by the ideal American State, is absolute freedom of religious opinion' and worship, a vested right of conscience, not derived through any grant of the civil power. All that the ideal American State can do is to protect her  citizens in the enjoyment of these vested rights. Liberty of opinion, liberty of worship, liberty in all matters pertaining to "religion, is not a privilege created, or conceded, by the State, but is a right in-herent in the personality of the individual conscience; and the ideal American State is pledged not only not to interfere with that right, but to protect it.ŠRev. T. De Wilt Peake, Methodist. .4.  Some More Tennessee Cases. THE sin of blasphemy and profanity is one which those who have undertaken the defense of the faith by the sword of the civil law have ever visited with severe punishment. The code of Tennessee has presumed to place profanity within the jurisdiction of the courts of that State, and has left the discrimination as to what is profanity with the court. The Tennes- see code of 1884 has these sections :- 2291. Any person who shall profanely swear or curse in the hearing of any justice of the peace, or shall be convicted of profanely swearing and curs-ing before a justice, shall forfeit and pay fifty cents for every oath or curse. 2292. Any person executing any public office who shall be convicted of profanely swearing and curs-ing, shall forfeit one dollar for each oath or curse. 2293. Any person who shall profanely swear or curse in the presence of any court of record, may be fined at the discretion of the court, and im-prisoned not exceeding twenty-four hours. The internal evidence contained in the opinions of the judges given in some of the cases reported will be sufficient to show the animus of this law, and prove whether it be civil or religious in character. Profanity was first held to be indictable, in Tennes-see, by Judge Caruthers in the case of State vs. Graham at the September term of Court held at Knoxville, in 1855. 3 Sneed 134. In this case the judge adopted the inherited principle of North Caro-lina cases, and in support of his course referred to the Carolina law of 1741, en-acted by Governor Gabriel Johnson, under a Church and State rule, in which a grad-uated series of fines is established for the punishment of the offense, according to  the condition of the offender and the place in which the profane speech was spoken. The sections here quoted are manifestly, from their similar form, patterned after the English law of 1741, with the excep-tion that the Tennessee law omits the penalty of three hours in the stocks which Governor Johnson affixed to his act, in addition to the fine. This act of 1741, as has been previously seen, is, without pos-sibility of denial, a religious law in form and intent. It makes no pretense of being anything else. Yet from it this statute is copied, and to it Judge Caruthers refers as authority. The Judge carries the der-ivation of this law still further and cites the old English statute of 19 Geo. 2 ch. 21, which is constructed in precisely similar lines,Šof a graduated series of fines for persons of different rank, etc., in differ-ent situations,Šas is its provincial Caro-lina child, and its United States Tennessee grandchild. The authority he quotes for this is " Blackstone's Commentaries," from the chapter on " Offenses Against God and Religion." Thus this law traced to its source is found to be religious there, and religious in its character throughout its whole course. But Judge Caruthers saw that these authorities would only uphold the punishment of single offenses by fine before a justice of the peace, therefore to justify the indictment of such an offender he cites as authority two Carolina prec-edents wherein the original English enact-ments of the English law were improved upon for their own purposes by the Caro-lina courts, and the judges legislated that " several oaths " constituted a nuisance which was liable to indictment, and that the charge " Did in the public street curse and swear and take the name of God in vain," was good, and under it the culprit might be indicted as a common nuisance. Having quoted thus from the Church and State laws of the English province of Car-olina, and the laws of England itself, of professedly religious purpose, with the intent to make his position still more im-pregnable he goes back to the fountain head and says, " It is in violation of the 