SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 731 bowing,these came,in America, th-eDeclaration of In--dependente, proclaiming to the world the politicial 'eqbality'of all men and setting up an' ideal of goy-eininent to which even the people who gave it birth never perfectly attained. Now, however, a reaction has set in, a retrograde movement has begun, in-, dicated by the growing tendency to disparage the Declaration, the Constitution that grew out of it, and to disregard the rights of the inferior races of ineri. Where will this reactionary movement find a stopping place? This is the important question, and it will become' a more serious question as the days go bv. .4 .4 ",THE soldier should not have a will of his own, but all of you should have one will, and that is my will. There exists only one law, and that is my law; and now go and do your duty, and be obedient, to your superiors." So said the German Kaiser to his soldiers on one occasion, according to a writer in McClure' s Magazine. This writer continues: " So the German soldier waits patiently for orders, and when they come he obeys, no matter what obstacle lies in the way. And in the next European war he will be next to invincible if he is well led." Monroe:doctrine a thing, ,of the past... The aba,n,drin-meat of the famous doctrine is thought to haVe been fully indorsed. by,the .approyaI given' by the popular . vote to-  an imperialistic American policy. The . Weser'Zeitung--'declares that all. is .now clear sailing for Germany, which, in the pursuance of its own 6X-pansirotii§i" ideals, need not fear a 'conflia With.fhe United States." The  naval. program for the coming year, it is stated, calls for an expenditure of over $.80,900,00o. THE attitude of the courts of law toward the practice of " faith healing " is indicated by the fol-lowing statement made by a Cleveland (Ohio) judge in passing sentence ,upon a ".faith healer" in that city who'had, failed to report to the.health depart-, ment a. fatal case ...Of ',diphtheria. After the public prosecutor had declared that the act of treating the case yby " faith -healing was close to murder, the judge said: "There is more in this case than the mere' viola--tioh of an ordinance, and the sooner we get rid of these fOith-cure people the better it will be for so-ciety in general., I am going to impose a heavy fine in order to deter others from practicing a. doctrine `without medicine, which is absolutely necessary.", From this it can be seen why military excellence AN illustrated lecture, entitled "The Passion has nothing in common with Christianity and ex- Ploy," was advertised to be given in an opera house ceilence of manhood. It means that men must have in Trenton, N. J., on Sunday evening, November II. no minds and consciences of their own; that they The pastor of the First Methodist church of that must become mere brute machines, subject to the. city " characterized the production of the lecture on' will and law of another. This would be bad a Sabbath-and for pay as an outrage," and a painted enough of itself, but the purpose for which sign was displayed in his church, reading as follows: men are thus degradedŠto slaughter their fellow- " Don't go to an opera house show on the Sabbath. men against whom they have no grievanceŠis so Come and hear the word of God." much worse than the purpose's of ordinary slavery Of cour'Se this minister has a right to speak his that it hides'and excuses as it were this great wrong; mind on this matter, and certainly his method of for how can men' carry out such a purpose on the preventing "Sabbath-breaking" is far more Com-port of others unless they are first hypnotized and mendable than the method that is frequently re- drilled into machines? sorted to. It is better to invite people to come to of church and hear the word of GOd than to command ahem under penalty of the law not to do something -PRESS dispatches state, that the recent presi- else that they wish to do. dential election is taken in Germany to mean the .4  .4 abandonment' of the " Monroe doctrine," which has heretofdre stood in the way of German colonial ACCORDING to the New:York Tribune's Philippine -.scb6rnes in South ,America. A. dispatch from Bre- correspondent American control in those islands has _men: to the Cliicago Record states the' 'following; been too lenient, and there is- to be commenced " Bremen, Nov. ILŠThe pan-Teutonic view of at once a " drastic " campaign against those who fight Mr.  MeKinley's" re-election is that it makes the for' liberty and loot." He reports a Spanish friar as 