AMERICAN SENTINEL. 691 will be persons who will teach in harmony with the gov-ernment's ideas. They will teach the morals and religion of the state, and nothing else. But'what every individual needs and must have in order to obtain salvation, is the teaching of the morals and religion of the divine Word. And the teacher of these is the Holy Spirit, provided by God himself. It is also true enough that "the best and bravest sol-diers are men that are not estranged from morals and religion," and by no people is its truth better illustrated than by the Mohammedans. With sword or lance in one hand, and the Koran in the other, one of these fanatics will rush on to what he knows is certain death, without the least hesitation. It is only a perverted religion that will harmonize with the spirit of war. Let not this perverted religion be palmed off as Chris-tianity. Let not the government usurp the place of Deity as the teacher of morals and religion. Let not the terrible business of killing people be invested with a halo of moral duty; let it stand upon its own meritsŠif such it has. Let the government keep separate from religion. Let army chaplaincies be abolished. 1.- Ł 44 The Philosophy of Jefferson. From a Speech by the late Henry George. THE philosophy of Jefferson says that every man has the right to eat and drink and speak as he wishes, and this right goes as far as he does not step over upon the same rights of others. Much harm and wrong have been done by good peo-ple who, not understanding the philosophy of Jefferson, have sought to enforce the slaws of God by the laws of.  man. These misguided efforts have always failed. I be-lieve that God, our Father, will take care of his laws, and all who seek to perform what he will himself take care of will get themselves and others into trouble. The great Declaration says that all men are possessed of certain inalienable rightsŠthe right of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That is the democracy of Jef-ferson; and if the government of the people is adminis-tered under it, the wrongs and oppressions of which the people complain will flee away. My friends, the democ-racy of Jefferson is simply the Golden RuleŠDo unto others as you would yourself be done by. 1. Ł -4 4 The Bigot's Rule. THE only excuse any one can offer for employing force.  in religious matters is that he has a right to do to others that which he would not admit they had a right, under like circumstances, to do to him. But this is bigotry pure and simple. It is the very opposite of the Golden Rule laid down by Christ. Macaulay, in his essay on Sir James Mackintosh, has well stated the case in the following words:Š "The doctrine which, from the very first origin of reli- gious dissensions, has been held by all bigots of all sects, when condensed into few words, and stripped of rhetori-cal disguise is simply this: I am right, and you are wrong. When you are the stronger, you ought to toler-ate me; for it is your duty to tolerate truth. But when I am the stronger, I will persecute you; for it is my duty to persecute error." This, we are sorry to say, is a doctrine which is quite too commonly held among both Protestants and Catho-lics. True and False Democracy. THE philosophy of Jefferson, to which allusion is made in another column, must not be understood as be-ing synonymous with the socialism, communism, etc., which have clothed themselves in the mantle of democracy at the present time. The principle of true democracy is the principle of the Golden Rule. It is the principle of seeking the welfare of others equally with that of our-selves. It is the principle of unselfishness. There is a sense in which Christianity itself, as em-bodying the principles of God's government, is synony-mous with democracyŠwith "government of the people, by the people, and for the people." For in God's gov-ernment, nothing is done without the approval of the people, though God is himself the supreme ruler. All is done for the people and by the people, to the extent at least of their voluntary consent and approval. It is to secure this voluntary consent and approval of his created intelligences upon that which he has done hitherto, and will do to the end of the world, that the Almighty will conduct a final judgment. In that great investigation he himself will be on trial equally with the humblest of his subjects who has lived on earth. And then, when all facts are brought forth to the view of all, and the light of truth is turned full upon all his dealings with mankind, mankind and angels will with one accord signify their approval. The judgment will-afford the strongest possible proof that it is a fixed principle of God's government to do nothing without the voluntary approval of his subjects. The real character of that which claims to be democ-racy may be tested by the principle of unselfishness. So-cialism says, What's yours is mine. Christianity, on the other hand, says, What's mine is yours. There is a world of difference between these two sentiments. They represent principles that are as unlike as light and dark-ness. The best and highest form of democracy is found in Christianity alone. It is Christianity that the world needs,ŠChristianity for the working men, to bring them into an unselfish attitude toward their employers and toward each other, and Christianity for the men of wealth, to bring a similar change in their attitude toward their fellows. The application of the principle of unsel-fishness to the dealings of Men with each other, would solve every problem of labor and capital in a single day. 