AMERICAN SENTINEL. 781 hasten the calamity they would prevent. They may speak and light as zealously as did Peter; but their efforts are of no more service to their Master than were Peter's. A revival upon such a basis augments the evils of disobedience. Why will not such men, having splendid capabilities, turn the magnifying glass the other way so it may become God's great telescope? Then would they with the Psalmist "behold wondrous things" in God's law. They would find it needs not to be trammeled with human enactments. 0 do not fight as one that breaketh the air; but as one that shall win the crown ! CLIFFORD G. HOWELL. Pontiac, Mich., Dec. 4. A Liberal Offer. INDULGENCES IN PUEBLA. By Rev. F. S. Borten, D. D. Ix the yard of the Church of St. Dominic, in the city of Puebla, there is a stone pillar surmounted by a brass cross. On three sides of the granite base are the follow-ing inscriptions:- 1. "The Association of the Most Holy Rosary erects this cross in memory of the holy mission which we now celebrate in honor of the sixteenth anniversary of our most Serene Patroness during the feast of her glorious assumption. Puebla, August 21, 1898. 2. "Any one in a state of grace can gain a plenary indulgence by assisting at the erection of the cross of the mission. 3. "Ten thousand years of indulgences are granted for each time that any one in a state of grace and before this cross shall recite five times the Lord's Prayer and Hail Mary, with Glory, in memory of the Passion of Jesus Christ." Although I stood near the cross for more than fifteen minutes and saw many people entering and leaving the church, no one took advantage of this most liberal offer except one old white-haired woman who was probably as little in need of ten thousand years of indulgences as any one of the worshipers there. I could not help think-ing that the people did not believe the lying inscription, or were no longer in need of indulgences, for in one day of ten hours, complying with the terms four times an hour a person could gain 400,000 years of indulgences! Šor that they did not know how to read. If any Roman Catholics in the United States are in need of indulgences, let them come to Puebla and there at the Church of St. Dominic they can in six days of steady application gain 2,000,000 years of indulgences! and it will not cost them a cent. With such a capital as that they can retire from business. If any reader doubt the above I will send him a pho-tograph of the church and cross with the above offer of indulgences. Puebla, Mexico. A Blew to Religious Freedom. Ix a report of "an authorized interview with the president of the Filipino Junta at Hong Kong," pub.. fished in The Outlook, and consisting of answers by that president to questions prepared by the Outlook's "spe-cial commissioner," we note the following on the subject of religious freedom:Š [Ques.] "Is it a fact that a law was passed by your Congress providing for absolute tolerance of religion throughout the islands and the complete separation of church from state? [Ans.] "It is. The law referred to was promulgated on the 23rd of January of the present year. Ł [Q.] "Have the Filipinos endeavored to make it known to Protestant missionaries that they would be welcome in the Philippines? [A.] "We have given out this information repeat-edly, and we think it has brought many to espouse our cause, as they see that the spirit of our people is liberal. It is not so with the Roman Catholic party, however. This party is completely under the influence of the priests, who, hoping to again impose themselves upon the country, are in favor of a colonial system of gov-ernment." As under American rule, which' in religious matters will be guided by the counsel of Archbishops Chappelle and Ireland, the religious orders in the Philippines will not be seriously disturbed; and as religious liberty is impossible where those orders remain in power, it is evident that the conquest of the Philippines has been a blow to the cause of religious freedom. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bang Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper moue' or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN S-ENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union 01 Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION,. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year Li " Six months 44 Three months ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. 