A_1\21,1RICA.N SENMIN 205 isting solely to preserve civil and national rights, liberty, equality and justice, and extending equal protection to all, but favors to none. The principle  touching the support and propagation of Christianity in the world, :shining bright as a sunbeain on the pages of the New 'Testament, is voluntaryism simple and solitary. Force is utterly alien to the spirit of the Christian religion. Peter recognized the principle fully when condemning Ananias for lyingŠ" Whilst it remained, was it not thine own ? and after it was sold was it not in thine own poWer ?" " Every man so let him give, according as he purposeth in his heart, not grudgingly or of necessity,"says Paul. How forceful the presentation of this principle, as the principle of the Christian religion, in God's dealing with the sinner in the matter of personal salvation ! Never las he forced a soul to accept salvation. NeVer has he impressed a soul into his service. Why not ? Because he is defi-cient in the passion to save ? Because he lacks the power to compel ? Has he, who created the soul no power to force the will ? Let Calvary speak of his passion to save. And yet he who " willeth not that any should perish," has never forced a soul into salvation. " Whosoever will come, may come." If the Almighty God, in his omniscient wisdom, has deliberately de-clined to introduce the element of compul-sion into this matter of the salvation of men from sin, shall we, who are charged with his gospel, and are exalted to be " workers together with God," in the sup-port and extension of the kingdom of Christ on earth,Šshall we, in our wisdom, consent to the introduction of force in any form or degree into this work of God ? The command of our Lord to Peter, " Put up thy sword," has never been counter-manded by the Captain of salvation. Is there any reason more cogent for accept-ing the support of his cause by the sword to-day, than on that midnight hour in Gethsemane ? And yet we are receiving for the support of his cause that which, in case of resistance, is wrested from the taxpayer at the point of the sword. Does any one dispute the thought that exemption from taxation is really a gift bestowed by the State on the Church ? Mr. Gladstone puts it simple and straight,Š" An exemption is a gift : What the State remits to a man it gives to him." In illustration of this propositions he said : "If a gentleman has carriages and horses he is liable to pay a guinea for each horse, and £2 and upwards for each carriage, and if these sums be levied from his neigh-bor and not from him, it is the same thing as if, having been levied, they had been given back to him." That is perfectly clear. And so, if a tax is levied on my neighbor's property and not on my church property, it is the same thing as if, having been levied, it had been given back to me. Mr. Gladstone said further : " Exemption from taxation is a positive pecuniary pre- mium or State subvention," adding, " I maintain that an exemption is a grant, and that all property should pay the taxes nec-essary for the enjoyment of all properly." I do not think it possible to successfully dispute Mr. Gladstone's position. The annual municipal grant to the churches of New York City must be an immense sum (estimated at $3,000,000, the Fifth Avenue Cathedral alone getting $50,000.) Brought out from under cover, would such an appropriation be made year by year to the churches ? Who would venture to propose State aid in open form? We Baptists would shout ourselves hoarse in crying out against it. And yet such a method of State aid would be more defens-ible than that granted under the present disguise. I quote again from Mr. Glad-stone : " When there is a public grant from year to year, we see what we are about; we let in the light of day." It is perfectly manifest that if the prop-erty of the Church is exempted from tax-ation, other property must be additionally taxed to make up the amount exempted. This increase of taxation levied on other property is so levied, that it may be given by the municipality to the Church. It is a gift secured not by voluntary contribu-tions of the people, but by compulsion from the taxpayers. Thus the Church is accepting for its support in part that which, by the machinery of the State, has been forced from property holdersŠShould Church Property be Taxed fŠby Rev. A. P. McDiarmid. National Reform Tactics. ALTHOUGH the National Reform Asso-ciation (so-called) was first in the field for the subversion of the secular principles of the Federal Constitution, its chief auxil-iaries, the American Sabbath Union, Woman's Christian Temperance Union, Prohibition Party, etc., have come to the front as Łthe principal elements of the grand army marshalling for the overthrow of civil and religious liberty in this country. The avowed theocratic propen-sities of the former made it obnoxious to all except the extremest bigots; hence the necessity for a change of base. These schemers hope to divert attention from their ulterior designs by leading in various reforms more or less in the line of the moral and religious trend of the popular churches. . . . It is in accordance with such strategy as this that the Blair Educational (constitu-tional amendment) bill has been kept ber, fore Congress so persistently. It provided for teaching popular Christianity in the publiC schools, and thus, by insidious in-direction, would have made the religion of the majority within the churches to be the State religion. The same thing is true of Edmunds's educational - amend-ment. The Breckenridge Sunday bill, if it should become a law, would prac- tically commit the Government to the union of religion with the State. All these measures have the hearty approval of all the before mentioned Church and State organizations. Could this issue be brought directly before the American people in fair, full and free discussion, their verdict would decide for the Consti-tution as_ it is, with all its guarantees to civil and religious freedom intact, but the danger lies in the possibility that Con-gress may be induced to submit a dis-guised Church and State amendment to the State legislatures, and that, in the exigencies of the political parties, a trade may be effected by which the Government -will be subverted without the question coming before the voters at all. Thus an incubus would be fastened upon the country that would take us far back to-ward the centuries of bigotry and perse-cution, from which deliverance could only come through the warring of factions till reason and intelligence would banish all superstition.ŠFreethought. " A SUNDAY law of 1781, designed," says the Nottingham Express, "to put a stop to unlicensed preaching was recently invoked by the Lord's Day Observance Society of England, to punish a man for giving au entertainment upon Sunday. The defendant made no defense but ap-pealed to the Home Secretary whO .re-mitted both the fine imposed and the costs." It is stated that in Europe " open shops and workmen at their tasks on Sunday are not such frequent sights in the great centres of population as formerly. An-observant traveler asserts that in Paris twenty years ago five shops were open and a dozen workmen were seen at their tasks where one is to be seen now on Sun-day. The same change is noted in Berlin, Vienna, and other large cities of the Con-tinent. This does not indicate a growth of religious feeling, however, but a change merely from working to rest-taking and from the plodding to the holiday spirit." " Many more people go picnicking on Sun-day now than then, so that the European Sunday is becoming not more a holy day, but more a holiday, in consequence of the laws favoring a day of rest." And this result must inevitably follow all efforts to make Sunday a holy day by law in the absence of genuine regard for it as such in the hearts of the people. Sunday laws only foster in this country the very thing they are designed to pre-vent, namely, holidayism. THE only part of the conduct of any one for which he is amenable to society, is that which  concerns others. In the part which merely concerns himself, his independence is, of right, absolute. Over himself, over his own body and mind, the individual is sovereign.ŠMill. 