'‚‚` x\\N\ Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7efferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, NOVEMBER 20, 1889. NUMBER 43. Tize An2eFicaq ger/tir/el. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No, 45 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. THE American, Citizen says that "people should remember that it was the official organ of the Roman Catholic Church, called The Rambler, which said ﬂ 'Religious liberty, in the sense ofa libertypossessed by every man to choose his own religion, is one of the most wicked delusions ever foisted upon this age by the father of all deceit." People should also remember that this is substantially what the.National Reformers say. The only real difference between many so-called Protestants and the papists is in the kind of re-ligion to be adopted or fostered by the State. About the only question between, them is, Shall it, be your religion or my religion ? 0  MR. GLADSTONE wrote a letter to the late so-called Sabbath Congress in Paris advocating Sun-day observance and laws for its enforcement, but he evidently wants such statutes not for himself but for the common herd. This is shown by the fact that on the Sunday preceding the congress Mr. Gladstone, who was in Paris, after attending church in the morning, drove with a party of friends in the Bois-de-Boulogne, and in the even-ing visited the great exposition. Referring to this fact, the Paris correspondent of the New York Observer says " Prom a Frenchman's standpoint, this would not be thought out of the way, but his English and American admirers would hardly think it in keeping with his letter read before the congress." IN the Journal of August .10, M. A. G., under the heading, " Morals in Politics," says: " In our government Csar represents the people, and among the things we are to render unto eraser is one day's rest in seven." Matt. 22 : 20, 21: "And he said unto them, Whose is this image and superscription ? They say mit° him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto eraser the things which are eraser's and unto God the things that are God's." Here Christ forever separates Church and State. Look at the Sabbath: "Whose is this image and superscription ?" Does the commandment read, " Remember the Sabbath-day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Ameri- can people. . . For in six days the American people made heaven and earth, the sea  and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day. Wherefore the American people blessed the Sabbath-day and hallowed it " ? No. God and not the people made the Sabbath and it hears the image and superscription of God and not of the American people. In the language of Christ then we say, Render the Sabbath to God and not to Caesar. When Crasar demands that the Sab-bath be rendered to him, he is out of place. All human laws enforcing by civil penalties Sabbath observance are thus proved to be antichristian. , in Prohibition Journal. The Principles of Constitutional Rec-ognition of God. IN the Christian Statesman of September 5, R. C. Wylie gives quite a lengthy report of the dis- cussion of the proposal to acknowledge God in the constitution of the new State of Washington, which is quite interesting. There were some things said which show that some of the mem-bers had the right idea as to the relation of Church .and State. When the convention went into committee of the whole to consider the pre-amble and bill of rights, the following preamble was read :Š " We, the people of the State of Washington, to preserve our rights, do ordain this constitution." Immediately one of the members moved to substitute the ffillowing :Š " We, the people of the State of Washington, grate-ful to almighty God for our freedom, to secure and transmit the same unimpaired to succeeding gener-ations, do ordain this constitution." The mover of this substitute afterward with-drew it in favor of the following, after it had been read :Š " We, the people of Washington, in order to form more independent and perfect government, . . . profoundly gratefUl to almighty God for this inesti-mable right, and invoking his favor and guidance, do ordain and establish the following constitution and form of government for the State of Washington." The discussion was on the adoption of this, in-stead of the simple preamble first read. Mr. Comegys, of Whitman, made a strong speech upon this, the force of which Mr. Wylie attempts to break down by a slur upon the personal ap-pearance of the speaker, who said:Š " I am opposed to the substitute. The gentleman is in favor of it, because he thinks we ought to be grateful to almighty God. I would like to ask him if he thinks this provision would add anything to our gratitude by being in that preamble. He admitted the necessity for brevity, and has made it as brief, he says, as he could and include that point. Now, as I understand it, Mr. President, this has nothing to do with gratitude, or reverence, or irreverence. A man may be very reverent or very grateful, without lifting up his voice on the street corners, or he may lift up his voice and claim to be very grateful and yet not be grateful. The question is, Shall we advertise it in this way? Has it anything to do here? The fram- ers of the Constitution of the United States had this matter under advisement, and after mature delibera-tion (and many framers of the Constitution were de-vout Christians), they deemed it not wise to have any reference to the Deity, because they had agreed that Church and State and matters of religion should forever be separate from civil government. Now, what object is to be attained? Will we be more grateful by reason of putting it there ? or will we be less ungrateful, notwithstanding we put it there?" We say that this is sound. Gratitude is shown rather by acts than by words. The people of Washington might all of them be profoundly grateful to God, and yet make no statement of it in their Constitution ; and on the other hand, they might make a profession of gratitude-  in their Constitution, and have none in their hearts. Now, which would be the better condition ?ŠManifestly, to be grateful, and not to advertise it in the Constitution ; that would be far better than to proclaim it from the capitol, and not possess it. But there is another point to consider. If that were stated in the Constitution, would it tell the truth? Are the people of Washington grate-ful to God for the blessings which they enjoy?ŠNo doubt some of them are; but the most zeal-ous National Reformer will not claim that all of them are. Are even a majority of the people of Washington grateful to God for the blessings which they enjoy?  The people of Washington are doubtless as good as the people of any other section of the United States; but it cannot be denied that only a small minority of people in the United States, or in any individual State, have any real gratitude to God. It is not going be-yond bounds to say that the-majority of the peo-ple scarcely ever think of him. The entire church membership of the United States is less than one-fourth the population, that is, less than one-fourth of the people of the United States make any profession of, or belief in, a gratitude to God ; and the declarations of lead-ing ministers and religious journals are to the ef-fect that the churches themselves are lamentably deficient in godliness; that thousands of church members are in no respect different from the professed ungodly. This being the admitted fact, it is manifest that for the people of any State, or of the United States, to put in their Constitution a statement that they were grateful to God would be to make their Constitution state a falsehood. If that preamble were adopted which says, " We, the people of Washington, grateful to al-mighty God," etc., the constitution would be a lie upon its very face. Certainly no good can be accomplished by falsehood. Truth cannot come from evil. Placing the acknowledgment of God in the constitution would not make a single in-dividual more grateful to God than he now is. Therefore, for people to -adopt a constitution with such a statement would be a positive wrong. People who know nothing about God would int- 