AMERICAN SENTINEL. 339 ances with any portion of the foreign world; so far, I mean, as we are now at liberty to do it; for let me not be understood as capable of patronizing infidelity to exist-ing engagements. I hold that the maxim is no less appli-cable to public than to private affairs, that honesty is always the best policy. I repeat it, therefore, let those engagements be observed in their genuine sense. But, in my opinion, it is unnecessary, and would be unwise, to extend them. "Taking care always to keep ourselves, by suitable establishments, on a respectable defensive posture, we may safely trust to temporary alliances for extraordinary emergencies. "Harmony and a liberal intercourse with all nations, are recommended by policy, humanity, and interest. But even our commercial policy should hold an equal and impartial hand; neither seeking nor granting exclusive favors or preferences; consulting the natural course of things; diffusing and diversifying, by gentle means, the streams of commerce, but forcing nothing; establishing, with powers so disposed, in order to give trade a stable course, to define the rights of our merchants, and to ena-ble the government to support them, conventional rules of intercourse, the best that present circumstances and mutual opinions will permit, but temporary, and liable to be, from time to time, abandoned or varied, as expe-rience and circumstances shall dictate; constantly keep-ing in view that it is folly in one nation to look for dis-interested favors from another; that it must pay, with a proportion of its independence, for whatever it may ac-cept under that character; that by such acceptance it may place itself in the condition of having given equiva-lents for nominal favors, and yet of being reproached with ingratitude for not giving more. There can be no greater error than to expect, or calculate upon, real favors from nation to nation. It is an illusion which experience must cure, which a just pride ought to dis-card. "In offering to you, my countrymen, these counsels of an old and affectionate friend, I dare not hope they will make the strong and lasting impression I could wish Šthat they will control the usual current of the passions, or prevent our nation from running the course which has hitherto marked the destiny of nations; but if I may even flatter myself that they may be productive of some par_ tial benefit, some occasional good, that they may now and then recur to moderate the fury of party spirit, to warn against the mischiefs of foreign intrigues, to guard against the impostures of pretended patriotismŠthis hope will be a full recompense for the solicitude for your welfare by which they have been dictated." A. T. J. THE following petition has been presented to theŁPres-dent by a committee of Southern Baptists:Š "To the President: We, citizens of the United States, looking to the probability that our Government may be called to exercise its office in the adjustment of the pend-ing difficulties in Cuba; and whereas the doctrine of the equality of religious rights of all men is a doctrine dear to the heart of every true American; we therefore earn-estly request the President of the United States that in such contemplated adjustment the influence of this entire  Government be employed to secure equality of religious. rights to every inhabitant of Cuba." As between Catholics and Protestants, it is altogetherŁ likely that the influence of the Government will be exerted in Cuba in harmony with the terms of this request. But unfortunately, this Government has not within its own borders secured "equality of religious rights" in cases of controversy which have arisen between Protestants and Protestants. "The influence of this entire Government" has by acts of Congress and the decisions of its courtsŁ been thrown upon the side of religious intolerance. And by this the Government has unfitted itself for sincere and consistent action in behalf of religious freedom for the Cuban people. Items of W, C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. DURING that summer of '75 our work was in the twoŁ  lines of Reformation and Formation or Prevention. The reformed man as an evangelist had arisen on the world's horizon, and through the marvelous experiences of salva-tion from the rum curse which he related was moving all hearts. The enthusiasm of pledge signing and soul win-ning was such as our generation had never seen before..  The most thrilling experiences of Crusade days were im-proved upon in the meetings which were held from twice to thrice a day wherever these returned prodigals ap-peared. We had Francis Murphy, who was just beginning his career, at Rockford; and between his meetings and the "army," were kept busy early and late. All the while I kept in view that coming convention in Cincinnati, and was preparing myself to make a pre-sentation of this line of preventive work before the women who should there assemble. I learned the manual of arms, or at least so much of it as was necessary to make it possible for me to train a boy to appear with me before the convention to illustrate my theme, or to drill a company if one could be raised quickly for the occa-sion. When the time came I took a uniform and a gun; I borrowed a Cincinnati boy, who proved to have the right material in him. The manner in which he wore that uni-form and followed my leadership during that memorable week will never be forgotten. He stood with me for hours on that platform, the sole representative of a whole gen-eration, while we discussed him and his cotemporaries, and their place in the redemption of society. He was always ready to respond instantly when in the pr,ogress of discussion he was called upon for anything "in his line." The women were feeling their way through mists out of desuetude and narowness into things that already loomed like mountains and spread out like seas before them; and among these mists was the parliamentary 