212 SIMVPINMILI VoL. 11, No. 27, gate these man-made institutions. Of this important truth, these religious leaders are painfully conscious; but as they do not see the need of coming back to the Lord's way, and are determined to make the whole world recognize and bow to their way; and as they cannot, of course, have the cooperation of the Lord's power to help them in their way, they seek for the only power available, the power of the State, to supply this lack. , Glancing back to the beginning of the fourth century, we see the bishops working for laws to secure the better observance of Sunday. About the first law enacted along this line, dates as is supposed from A. D. 314, and it requires that on Friday and on Sunday " there should be a suspension of business at the courts and civil offices, so that the day might be devoted with less interruption to purposes of devotion." This was something gained, but not enough; and in A. D. 321 Constantine enacted his famous Sunday-law, which was broad enough to compel all "mag-istrates and people residing in the cities," as also " all workshops," to cease work on Sun-days. But as there were some who still observed the Bible Sabbath, this could not satisfy the bishops, and so accordingly we find in A. D. 363 the Council of Laodicea enacting a canon to the effect that "Christians shall not Judaize, and be idle on Saturday, but work on that day, but the Lord's day [Sunday] they shall especially honor, and if possible, do no work on that day. If, however, they are found Judaizing, they shall be shut out from Christ." But this did not suffice, and in the year A. D. 386 the older laws were more rig-idly enforced, and, " in general, civil trans-actions of every kind on Sunday were strictly forbidden." But Sunday laws having from the beginning been -enacted with the idea that the people might spend the day " with less interruption to the purposes of devotion," the promoters of such legislation must have been consider-ably disappointed to see that the " faithful " were not disposed to go to church on that day; but being free, they chose rather to visit the public shows and the circus. So next came the complaint that the circus " proved a great hindrance to the devotion of the Christians," and so the most-natural step now was for the church-leaders to enact a canon, which they did at the council held at Carthage in A. D. 401, that "on Sundays and feast-days no plays may be performed;" the reason assigned being that "the people congregate more to the circus than to the church." But as the "faithful" did not have love enough for that which they professed to be-lieve was right to do it, another .step logi-cally followed those already taken, and this was the doctrine that " it is indeed better that men should be brought to serve God by instruction rather than by fear of punishment or pain. But because the former means are better, the latter must not therefore be neg-lected." And thus the Inquisition was the logical outgrowth of such a system of church government and doctrine. This is an illus-tration of how the church worked in the fourth and fifth centuries. But we ask, How is it to-day? As early as 1850, the subject of a better observance of Sunday began to be agitated in Germany, and since then, different organiza-tions have here been working to this end. In 1891 the first Sunday-closing bill passed the Reichstag and became a law. This law closed nearly all the business places on Sun-day, stopping also all agricultural pursuits on that day. The milk stores, bakeries, groceries and butcher shops were permitted to open on  certain hours, and hotels and beer saloons could be open all day. In April, 1895, an-other measure went into effect, closing all workshops on Sunday and permitting no work whatever in them. So if enforced idleness on Sunday can make a "Christian nation," Germany ought certainly to be one. But al-though they have now come a good ways along the line of compulsory Sunday observance in Germany, what do they discover? In a tract published in the beginning of the present year by the " Sonntagsschutzverein," of Stuttgart, entitled, " Sunday Greeting for the New Year," the author laments that they are compelled to hear the bitter word, " the greatest profit of the recent Sunday legisla-tion comes to the hotels and beer saloons." But this is not all they have observed. The writer continues: "It is well known that the greatest damage to persons and property occur between Saturday and Monday. This fact is only the plainest evidence of the incalculable evil, which has its origin in the beer shops, and especially on Sunday." It would almost seem, that after realizing such results, these men would cease working on this line, for such a confession as to the results . of Sunday legislation is surely any-thing but a flattering promise of raising the moral standing of a nation. But what do we hear? Do these men who profess to know the Scriptures realize that the carnal mind is en-mity to the law of God? Do they realize that to compel such men to be idle on Sundays, or any other days for that matter, is only to place them in the way of temptation and bring them into just such a condition? Will they view it thus and abandon their evil scheme? No ! that will never do. Listen to what is now proposed : " It is a difficult mat-ter to successfully combat this evil, but a truly discerning legislation and administra-tion will find it necessary to work with all earnestness against the aberration of soul and body which results from this unbounded sa-loon life on Sunday." Here we have it. It is the old story, of forgetting God's way, and trying to convert men by the power of the State. From the first Sunday law until the Inquisition was a number of centuries anciently, but at the progress things are taking in this nineteenth century, how long will it be until we will see the same results? May the Lord help those who do these things to see whither they are drifting. Cassel, Germany. RELIGIOUS PERSECUTIONS. [Red Wing (Minn.) Argus, June 18, 1896.J Ł LET it still be kept in mind that " eternal vigilance is the price of liberty," and that in Tennessee, Mr. Lewis is still in durance vile, in Tiptonville jail, for doing quiet work on Sunday after resting on the seventh day of the week. He writes that he is now kindly treated by the sheriff, but that when first arrested last November he was locked in an iron cage, in a room without fire and without sufficient cloth-ing, and was nearly frozen to death, and may never recover from the effects. He makes no complaint. But all this will not make amends for the injustice and barbarity which may be laid at the door of the Sunday laws. While the Sunday laws are rigidly enforced, no per-son seems to be interested in the enforcement of the law for the proper care of prisoners, which is very explicit, providing for being  comfortably housed and given good and suffi-cient food. In Alabama a Mr. W. J. Hasty was con-demned to the mines, recently, where he was to work out the fine and costs, amounting to 11451.70, at 30 cents per day. This because his son, under age, plowed on Sunday, and testified that he did this work voluntarily. Mr. Hasty was found guilty by the jury, con-trary to all evidence, contrary to the charge of the judge, and contrary to public senti-ment. Yet they tell us that Sunday laws are just! One of the ministers in Ontario, who was prosecuted for quiet work on Sunday, is now confined in Chatham jail, and fed on bread and water. In addition to this prisoners are allowed a dish of skillyŠold-fashioned oat-meal gruel. But Mr. Simpson can't bear even the smell of this dish. Yet he complains not, but is thankful for bread and water, and re-joices that he is accounted worthy to suffer for truth and right. But where are we in this world's history? Are we just entering the Dark Ages? Is this in "free" America? TRUTH VERSUS " ORTHODOXY."* DISCORDANS. False Reasoning is the mir-ror in which the Jewish clergy, doctors of law, scribes, and pharisees, tried the doctrines and actions of Immanuel and all his followers. By these means they were fatally deceived, and led to reject the counsel of God against themselves; yea, hardened to that degree, as to say, the light which enlighteneth _every man that cometh into the world, is absolutely darkness, and to charge the Maker of all things with being a magician; even to put forth their sanguinary hands, and murder the Lord of life. You may think I was closely employed in those days, as there was not a pharisee in the whole world whom I had not furnished with an inverting mirror and telescope. By these means they became quite enamored with their own supposed virtue, and held all besides themselves to be accursed; that is to say, heretics, because they knew not the law; that is, they did not measure length and breadth exactly according to the standard of orthodoxy, which in all ages has been the traditions of the elders, and not the scrip-tures of truth, as some have erroneously asserted. IMPIATOR. Hold, cousin, there I think you must be wrong; for I myself was wont to hear Immanuel (who you know could not lie), refer his hearers to the scripture for the resolution of all doubts. DISCORDANS. That is nothing at all to the purpose, cousin. I readily grant, and none can honestly deny it, that the scripture is the standard of truth; but truth and orthodoxy.are two things, very different, and sometimes diametrically opposite to one an-other. Bible doctrine is ,the same in all ages and nations; but orthodoxy in one nation differs at least as much from orthodoxy in another nation, as the several climates do from one another. To go no farther than Britain, you see what is south of the Tweed accounted the purest religion in the world, is, upon traveling farther towards the pole, deemed corrupt, superstitious, and antichris-tian. So it is vice versa. Moreover, what has been orthodox and apostolic in one age, has had the misfortune to become quite heterodox and damnable in the next; so that there is no certain standard of orthodoxy in *From "Dialogues of Devils," by John Maegowan, V. D. 111., London, 1832. 