18 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. variance with the principle and the spirit of the principle laid down in the 'bill of rights as fundamental to the, political liberty, of the State. The express provis-ion of Section 4 of the bill of rights, that no political or religicips test shall ever be required:as a qualification to any office or public trust is explicitly violated in Sec-tions 1' and 2 of Article 9, which create a religious test for membership in the Legis-lature, and for holding civil Offices ;Šdis-criminating against ministers and priests of any denomination whatever, and mak-ing their religious profession a test of dis-qualification for the holding of public office. That this discrimination arises from prejudice is shown by the italicised phrase,priests of any denomination. The motive for the discrimination arises from religious prejudice against, the Ro-man Catholic denomination, but in order to deprive them of the privilege of holding civil office, it was necessary to make the ineligibility general to all who follow the ministerial calling. But Section 2 is based upon a still broader spirit of intolerance, in that it is declared that no one who de-nies the existence of God, or disbelieves in a future state of rewards and punish-ments,Šthat is, presumably, in the ortho-dox heaven and hell, can hold any civil office under the State -Government. Such discrepancies as these in funda-mental law are fatal. Sooner or later the flaw will develop and disaster result: But out of the extension of this flaw into the growth of statutory la* arises a still greater antagonism between Constitution / and statutes for the consideration of which the space allotted this article will not suffice. W. H. M. A State Can. Not Be a Theocracy. As in the appointment of Joshua so also in the nomination of the judges who gov-erned Israel, the people accepted them as rulers appointed of Heaven, through whom the will of God was to be revealed. In the days of Samuel the prophet, how-ever, the people became restless under that form of government, and asked to have a king and a government like the other nations around them. 1 Sam. 8 :4-7. The Lord instructed Samuel to grant their request,' if, after telling them what hard-ships such a change would bring to them, they should still persist in their desire. Accordingly Samuel told them, from God, that a king would rob them of their sons to be his servants in various ways, and that he would take their fields, vineyards, and olive gardens, with a portion of their flocks, and bestow them upon his officers of gtate. But the people refused to heed the warning, and cried still more ardently: Nay; but we will have a king over us." Verse 19. And yet God did not desert that people. He pointed out through his prophet who 01191414 In their king. They had no voice  whatever in the selection. Saul rejected the directions of God in governing the people, and was therefore deprived of his kingly office, to give place to another of God's chosen rulers. David was anointed by Samuel to govern Israel in God's name. Solomon succeeded him, and " sat on the throne of the Lord as king instead of. David his father." 1 Chron. 29 : 33, This "throne of the Lord" was occupied by a succession of kings, each commingling his own ideas of government, more or less, with the instructions for this pur-pose formerly given by Jehovah, until the kingdom of Israel could no longer be recognized of God as the government which he had appointed. He therefore gave up the kingdom to be overturned by other nations, exclaiming: "I will over-turn, overturn, overturn it : and it shall be no more until He come whose right it is: and I will give it Him." Eze. 17:16-19 and 21: 25-27. It will be noticed that the theocracy here detailed, which was the only true one ever in existence, was confined to believers in God and his word, and in no sense ex-tended to the other nations of the world. Even though God ruled "over all the kingdoms of the heathen," (2 Chron. 20 : 6.) he coerced none of these to submit to the form of government he prescribed for his own people. Upon relinquishing the theocracy, God said, " It shall be no more until he come whose right it is; and / will give it him." To whom did this state-ment refer? When Christ was about to appear as the world's Redeemer, it was said to his mother : " He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest; and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David; and he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end." Luke 1 : 32,33. But 'did Christ receive this kingdom while here on earth ? Certainly he did not; for just before his crucifixion he said to Pilate : " My kingdom is not of this world." John 10: 36. After his resur-rection, and just as he was about to ascend to heaven, his disciples asked him if he would not then restore the kingdom of Israel. Acts 1: 6. This question and the Saviour's reply show that he had not then done so. He had, however, before that promised that his disciples should judge the tribes of Israel when he should sit in the throne of his glory. Matt 19:23. But as to the time when he should occupy that position he definitely said : " When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit on the throne of his glory." Matt. 25: 31. The connection of this text shows that at the coming of Christ the end of earthly governments has come, and all  nations are called to stand before Christ in the final judgment, so that a xea theckProgy  can never again exist so  long as the nations of the world continue in their present state. Even though the Scriptures did not re-veal the truth on this point so clearly, a'  moment's thought would show that this must be the case; for no nation or govern-ment can now be found in which all its sub-jects are loyal to God hi the same sense as were the Israelites. They recognized God, not only as king, but as a Father also; His rule over-them was, therefore, one of paternal watch care over their moral, as well as over their temporal interests. A true theocracy is, in -fact, the 'blending of civil and religious rule under one head of government. Such a state of things must necessarily include documentary instruc-tion in both of these branches, from the same source and through the same set of officers. But in a inixed polity like all earthly governments, this could not be done with God's sanction; for he has ex-pressly said that his people are to have no part with infidels; no concord with wicked or unprincipled persons; and that in order for him to be a Father unto them, they must come out from among, and be separate from such unclean surroundings. 2 Cor. 6 : 14-18. From this it will be seen how utterly impossible it would he to mix the discord-ant elements of any nation in the matter of religious teaching. In purely civil thing's all the subjects of a State or na-tion may be easily governed alike : for it matters not what differences of religious belief may exist there regarding man's duty to God, the common. interest of all demands that a uniform law, guarding alike the right and privileges of each should be maintained. But every persist.. ent effort to proceed farther than this in civil government, will 'not only result in positive injury to more or less of the sub-jects, but is liable to cause the final over-throw of the government itself. J. 0. CORLISS. Too Much Leisure. THE point upon which the batteries of the American Sabbath Union are being concentrated with a view to creating sen-timent for the enforcement of existing Sunday laws and the .enactment of more rigid statutes, is the so-called " Sunday slavery " of laboring men. Sunday-law orators lash themselves into a frenzy of excitement in describing a condition of things which, they assert, is " worse than African slavery." Meanwhile the work-ingmen pass resolutions asking that the Fair be open on Sundays, and resent that hypocritical pious paternalism, which, as in the case of our lady managers, votes to close the Fair against the workingmen " to preserve the sanctity of the Sabbath" and then spends the following Sunday yachting on the lake. This indifference on the part of laboring men to their " en-slaved" condition;  draws forth numerous 