Ł 384 AMER/CAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JUNE 15, 1899. IN the sphere of duty toward God, man is not a sovereign, but a sub-ject. He cannot prescribe what he himself shall do, much less what some other person must do. "Tau tree is known by its fruit;" and when the Sunday-law tree bears the fruit of religious persecution, as unquestionably it does, what must we conclude concerning its nature? Is it good? or evil? and ought it to be left standing? or cut down? PEOPLE who think they cannot be good without having the permission of the law makers, might be benefited if they could read and ponder the story of "The Pious Slave," printed on another page, telling how a poor uneducated negro woman lived a Christian life under all the forbid-ding circumstances of slavery. A MONSTER sixteen-inch gun which it is thought will be the most power-ful gun in the world is in process of being set up at Sandy Hook, where it will command the entrance to New York harbor. The Government's actions just now speak louder than its words on the question of interna-tional peace. BY order of the emperor of Ger-many, a colossal bronze statue of an angel has been 'cast, which is to be the chief ornament in a memorial park An Lorraine. A press dispatch says of it that "the emperor's angel does not hail from The Hague, and has no sympathy with pleas for peace; for it is clad in full armor and emblematic of war in all its sterner aspects." Emperor William would -do much better to try to pattern timself after an angel, than to pat-tern an angel after himself. SABBATH-KEEPINGŠas designating the religious observance of a weekly rest-dayŠis plainly shown by exist-ing conditions to be on the decline among the Protestant bodies of this country, with one exception. That exception is the class of people who observe the seventh day of the week. And note: their Sabbath-observance is not anywhere supported by human law, is in many States discouraged by law, and is everywhere against the tremendous force of popular practice and belief. This Sabbath observance is not declining, but growing; while the other, which has all the Sunday laws behind it and the support of popular custom and tradition, is passing away. How do you account for it? And what is demonstrated by it as regards the utility of Sunday laws? a,* THE "American Sabbath" is pass-ing away; that is, the religious re-gard for Sunday is dying out, as is pointed out in the article quoted from the New York Sun, page 373. But the desire to enforce Sunday ob-servance by law is not dying out. A person may desire to enforce Sun-day on others who cares nothing for it himself; this has been seen over and over in the cases that have been brought into the courts. The en-forcement of religious observances is religious persecution, and religious persecution will never die out as long as the religion of Christ is in the world. Religious persecution is in most cases not prompted by a re-gard for religion, but by a desire to get rid of the witness which religious truth gives against religious error, which righteousness gives against unrighteousness. It is the repetition of the story of Cain and Abel. THE discovery is announced that "moderate drinking" of alcoholic liquors is harmless to the drinker and even helpful, within certain limits. So- says ProfeSsor Atwater; at the conclusion of some eXperi,' ments conducted by him under the auspices of the national edniMittae- appointed to inveStigite the drink problem in this country, of which President Low, of 'COhimbia Univer-sity, is chairman. By this the professor Means that a certain amount Of alcohOlŠtWo ounces, he saysŠmay be taken into the human body daily, in whisky, wine, beer, or other forth, without causing injury to the physical sys-tem. With all due respect to ProfesSor Atwater and his supporters, we must say that we do not believe his con-clusiOns are correct. And we base  our belief in the matter on experi-ments in "moderate drinking" that have been in process very, many years, and by hundreds of thousands of people. We do not think Mr. Atwater's experiments can have the practical value of theSe Other experi-ments which are a part of the actual life experience of thousandsŠyes, millions-rof people. This experience shows plainly enough that "Moderate drinking" is injurious, since it is the beginning of all drunkenness. This "moderate drinking" brings the individual into a condition where he desires to drink immoderately, and desires this so strongly that he has not will power enough to resist it. And this condi-tion betokens a most serious de-rangement of his physical being; that is certain. The perversion of any one of the PhySicai senses is a physical injury of the most serious kind. But this conclusion by Professor Atwater is just what is wanted by saloonists and moderate drinkers, and will doubtless contribute to swell the unsteady rankg of the army that goes yearly into the drunkard's grave, and thus furnish its own ghastly refutation. THE clerical party in Spain is urg-ing the govermiient to revive the Inquisition for the purpbse of sup-pressing Protestant schools. Only fifteen days More.ŠSee page 382. 