772 AMERICAN SENTINEL. are moral persons amenable to the rules of Scripture. He said that the Bible taught that nations are created by God, and referred to the promise of God to Abraham, "I will make of thee a great nation," etc. He referred also to the prophecy of Daniel, that aII The nations shall serve the Lord. "The divine will is supreme in civil affairs. This may be learned from the second Psalm. The 'bands and chords' there mentioned are the rules laid down by God for the nation. "What use ought we to make of these fundamental principles? They are lying about in a loose manner, and hence have not the force and legal value they should have. It is well enough to have them expressed in doc-uments, messages, and court decisions. It is well to have them in the State constitutions, but all these ex-pressions of them do not rise to the dignity of a national acknowledgment of God. They must be put into the fundamental law and recognized in the national Consti-tution. This great document ought to be in this respect like these other documents. "There are a number of reasons why we ought to have this Constitutional recognition of these principles. "1. Because these Christian principles are both fun-damental and political. "2. Because such recognition is in line with our national history. "3. Because the written Constitution should be in harmony with the unwritten constitution, which holds to the kingship of Jesus Christ. It is a popular senti-ment to-day that Jesus is king of the nation as well as of the individual. "4. The Constitution is the proper place for the people to recognize God. 'We the people' in our politi-cal capacity should have the privilege of ackowledging God. "5. Because of its educational value in counteract-ing the secular theory of government. "6. It would take a dangerous weapon out of the hands of secularists. "7. It would furnish a much needed basis for state laws on moral issues. "8. It would furnish a basis for righteous decisions by the courts. "9. It would give support to all Christian usages in the Government. "10. It would furnish a basis for excluding immoral men from Congress. "11. It would guard against a union of church and state. It has been charged against us that we wanted a union of church and state, We never wanted any such union, and we say, this is the only way whereby such a union can be effectually prevented. "12. It would honor God." Rev. D. J. Burrell spoke to the question: "Shall Our Nation Lose Its Sabbath?" He said that the Sabbath in this country is vanishing, and inquired, If this goes on, what are we coming to? "It brides ill for the American home, for this and the American Sabbath are inseparably linked together. It bodes ill for our industrial institutions because it affects the men who stand for American power and influence. We are a great and powerful nation because we have the best workmen on the face of the earth. "It is a scientific fact that the physical system re-quires one seventh of the time for rest. In the last twenty-five or thirty years we have developed two new maladiesŠinsomnia and nervous debility, and I believe Sabbath--desecration isŠlargely responsible forbah. God never meant a man should sleep at night who will not rest on the Sabbath. "Another evil that is bound to follow is disaster to our civil freedom, for what is freedom but the franchise of personal or individual rights? I have a right to rest on Sunday and no one has a right to interfere with my rest." At this point the speaker mentioned a conversation he had recently with an old lady, in which she had spoken of the time when a chain was stretched across Broadway above and below the church on Sundays. "The right of Sabbath rest for one man," Dr.Burrell continued, "depends on a law of Sabbath rest for all. Workingmen are beginning to find out that they cannot rest on Sunday unless all rest. We insist that the law of Sunday rest shall be applied faithfully to the whole community on the principle of liberty to rest for all. "The seal of God's covenant with America as a chosen nation is the Sabbath. We may call it the American Sabbath, but it is God's Sabbath always, and if we do not keep it the doom of ancient Israel will fall on us. " We are a Christan people, and we must not try to found reform on anything but the Christian religion. It must be Christian reform because we are a, Christian nation. I wish God's name was in the Constitution. That is what we all wish. But the next best thing is to see that His name and His love and His law are in the hearts of the people." Rev. J. M. Foster continued the discussion of the same question. He said a distinction was to be made between the nation and the government, and between the civil and the ecclesiastical Sabbath. "The state is God's moral ordinance. The nation is a moral being, responsible to God for its character and conduct. The Ten Commandments are the founda-tion of this moral basis on which the nation rests. "You can have no Christian morality without the Christian Sabbath, and without the Christian Sabbath you cannot long have a free government. " We ought to have a national Sabbath law. First, because we need a law that will protect each person in his God-given right to Sabbath rest. But Sabbath rest does not mean a Sabbath holiday. A °holiday Sunday is always followed by a blue Monday. "Secondly, the nation ought to enforce Sabbath rest in the interest of self-preservation. We are upon the down-grade, and making the toboggan descent into the awful gulf of national ruin. "Thirdly, a national Sabbath law is necessary to protect Sabbath legislation in the different States. "But would you compel this great nation to honor a law for Sabbath rest ? some one may ask. Why, cer-tainly we would." The speaker proceeded to show that there is no 