TH-E A 1\48R.ICA.N SENTINEL. 363 hand)  but it may be assumed that one hundred thousand men in New York, and a proportionate number in other cities, read the Sunday papers. To what extent is the Sabbath violated ?ŠNot largely in the work of getting out the paper Most of the composition and press-work,' and perhaps nearly all the writing, is done be-fore midnight on Saturday. Some type-setting and much press-work is done after midnight. The work done in the printing office on Sunday is chiefly ,for the Monday issue. Those who get their Sunday paper by mail on Monday morning, and then read it, do not break the Sabbath. So that this sin of Sunday desecration is confined chiefly to the newsboys who distribute the paper, and those who read it on Sunday. But these Sabbath-breakers are a great multitude. The evil cannot be abated by preaching against it. The thunders of the pulpit don't reach the ears- of ,men who sit in their easy-chairs poring over the fascinating columns of the 'Press or Tribune, nor do the scoring editorials of the religious press. Can journalism supplant the secular Sunday paper by offering something better adapted to the day and equally entertain-ing ?ŠThis is hopeless. No religious journal can afford to pay the high prices for their contribu-tions. And if the publishers had the money to engage-the ablest pens, the subjects would neces-sarily be moral and less exciting. Religious pa-pers could not fill their columns with gorgeous descriptions of all worldly affairs, society notes, theaters, concerts,' horse-races, base-ball contests, and all exhibitions of rowdyism and vice. Even those,papers that have the widest circulation and largest revenue, like the Independent and the Ad-vance, cannot compete financially, or in entertain-ing matter, with the Sunday issues of the great city dailies. All :that can be done is to instill an increasing reverence for the Lord's day in the minds of the Children and young of the church and the coun-try. This is the work of Sunday-schools and catechetical classes. Until a generation shall arise with a deeper sense of the sacredness of our Christian Sabbath than our present American people, the Sunday newspaper will flourish and be a power in the land in moulding public senti-ment.ŠG. D., in Lutheran Observer, August 16, 1889. Sound Doctrine, ' THERE has been a great hurrah made during the past few days, over the agitation of the Sun-day-Rest movement. . . . Perhaps it would -be well in the midst of this agitation to pause and inquire who is back of this movement, and what its real object is. The people at large have never made a demand for a law of this kind, and no complaint has ever been heard because of the absence of such a law, from anyone-  except a few religious fanatics. These are., the people that are -back of this movement, and their object is not so much to give the poor workingman a rest as to close every avenue of recreation and amusement and give the, church a monopoly of Sunday en. tertainments. They are making the first effort for a union of Church and State, and their next one will be to introduce God into the Constitution, Which is already planned. This movement, under the thin disguise of making Sunday a day of rest for laboring people, is ,an outrage and an impbsition which a purely secular government like ours should never toler-ate 'for a moment, and never will if the people  awake to - their danger. We have seen the effect of Sunday laws and religious tyranny in the past, and the Puritan Sunday is something we don't wish to revive. We don't want such restrictions placed on us as our ancestors had, or any laws enacted like the following from the blue laws of Connecticut:Š " No man shall run on the Sabbath, or walk in his garden, or elsewhere, excepting to and from meeting. "No woman shall kiss her child on the Sabbath or fasting-day. "No one shall travel, make beds, sweep houses, cut hair, or shave, on the Sabbath-day, etc., etc.", These are laws we don't want resurrected, but the Blair bill is a long step in that direction, and the warning cannot be sounded too soon or too loud. "Let Church and State be forever sepa-rate," said General Grant, and every student of history 19ows the evil effects of their union. With countless religious sects at war with each -other, and unable . to harmonize on creeds and systems, it does not need remarkable perspicuity to perceive the total unfitness of the religious element in politics. There is no law in existence which prevents a man from keeping the Sabbath and worshiping God as he sees fit, and while there isn't it would seem that religious people have all the rights and privileges they need, and no Sunday laws are needed, unless they desire to restrain and coerce those who differ from them in their religious views. While perfect freedom exists for a man to at-tend church or remain away, and stringent laws are in force against disturbing any religious as-sembly while at worship, I for one see no need of other Sunday laws. While -religious people are protected in their rights and no restraints are placed upon them, every non-religionist under a purely secular government should have equal freedom to conduct himself as his conscience directs and approves. To say that a man shall not work on Sunday, if he so desires, and that he shall "engage in no play, game, amusement, or recreation," is an unjust infringement on his natural rights. Let this government enact such a law on any other day than Sunday, and a protest would go up from millions against it. Now, if Church and State are separate and intended to remain so, why is a religious day chosen in the enaction of such a law? The moment Sunday legislation is made to re- strict in any manner the rights of the people, that moment there is a virtual union of Church and State, and I for one rise to protest long and loud against it. Says Mr. Crafts: "The right arm of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union is the promotion of the re-ligious ,Sabbath. These two thingsŠthe Chris-tian Sabbath on the one hand and the American Sabbath on the other hand, are as distinct as my-two arms, that resemble and co-operate, and yet by no means the same. This distinction is itself an answer to the objections to Sunday laws." Let us dissect this delusion. What does a secu-lar government know or care about a Christian Sabbath ? And what better is -a civil Sabbath than a civil Saturday? Does a secular govern-ment know any distinction ?ŠNo I Then to leg- islate for the preservation of enforced rest on Sunday, is to-  exceed the authority of the Consti-tution on which the government rests. This cannot be successfully denied or disproves, and if a Sunday law is passed the strong arm of the secular government, instead of the power of the American Sabbath Union, will be used to enforce  it. We have laws establishing legal holidays, but no penalty is prescribed for a failure to keep such days, and one can work or play as condi-tions or inclinations lead, without being punished,, but on Sunday the proposed law will inflict pen-alties for a failure to refrain from work or recre-ation. Again I say this is a virtual union of Church and State, and it is time that every man who loves his liberty was awake to the dangers that lurk in the movement just inaugurated in our city, but actively at work all over our coun-try.Š Channing Severance, in Los Angeles Trib-une, September 5, 1889. Correct Principles Stated. IT is contrary to the teachings of Christ, as well as treasonable to free government, to legis-late at all with regard to the Sabbath or any other religious institution, whether spurious or genuine. People differ in opinion on religious subjects, and each has a right to enjoy and be protected in the exercise and expression of -his views. Those who believe it to be their duty to observe Sunday as a day of sacred obligation, whether in recognition of the authority of the Creator or that of the pope, have a perfect right to do so, and are accountable to God alone in the matter; but those who believe it to be their duty to accept the Bible as the only rule of faith and practice, and to "remember the Sabbath-day to keep it holy," according to the Creator's specific direction, and'for the reason he has given, have an equally valid right to similar protection in the enjoyment, exercise, and expression of their views, and neither has any right, either moral or civil, to interfere with the other. If the activi-ties of the Sunday observer may not legally be restrained on the seventh day in recognition of a belief in its sanctity by one class of citizens, then the activities of the seventh-day observer may not legally be restrained on Sunday in recogni-tion of a belief in its sanctity by another class of citizens. Neither may the activities of the non-observer legally be restrained on either day, be-cause his rights are involved equally with the others, and he is equally with them amenable to God. If a man is irreligious, Christians are commis-sioned to preach the gospel to him, and, as am-bassadors of Christ, to persuade and beseech him to repent; they are instructed to pray for him, and are commanded to treat him in all respects as they -would wish to be treated, but they have no authority to judge and punish him for sin against God; nor to compel him to act as if he .were a Christian when he is not one. Majorities should rule in all matters which may properly be submitted to their action, but the rights of minorities must always be protected by constitu-tional limitation of the power of majorities, and our Constitution wisely withholds from Congress the power to enact any religious legislation, be-cause such legislation would inevitably violate the rights of conscience. Let every man who believes in free government upon the basis proclaimed in the Declaration of Independence, no longer re-main inactive. Let no Christian who loves the Lord with all his heart, and his neighbor as him-self, longer remain silent. It is time that all should recognize the fact that this National Reform-Sunday-enforcement scheme is a revival of papal ideas, using papal methods to compel goy-_ ernmental recognition and enforcement of Sunday, and that a confederacy of nominal Christians, claiming to represent all the Protestant Evangel- 