436 AMERICAN SENTINEL. each individual to determine, by the exercise of individ-ual virtues, the degree of his own prosperity in this life, so it lies with the people as a whole to determine their prosperity as a united body. But that which greatly darkens the outlook for prosperity is the fact that indi-vidualism as a guiding principle of life is fast losing its hold upon the minds of the people. They are being taught to depend not upon their own individual virtues, but upon the power of organizations, in which their own individuality must be submerged and lost. This can never bring permanent prosperity, for it is contrary to nature and to the institutions and purposes of the Creator. In the present condition of things, such a regime seems an absolute necessity, it is true. And it seems such from the popular point of view. What can one individ-ual do against a thousand? But it is the purpose of God in the gospel to answer just this question, and to show to people that the individuality He has given to each need not be sacrificed to opposing numbers. He will join the individual with Himself, so that, in this alliance, it is impossible he should ever be outnumbered. "One shall chase a thousand, and two put ten thousand to flight." While the people ate seeking to vote prosperity into existence by turning "the rascals" who "have not ful-filled their pledges" out of office, let it be remembered that the service of GodŠthe exercise of those virtues which are conserved by the power of God in the individual life, through faith in Jesus ChristŠassures to each person the enjoyment of a prosperity sufficient for every temporal need, and a certainty of success with respect to that which is the true purpose of existence amid the vicissi-tudes and inequalities of this life. to Ł 4 Conscience and "Patriotism." TEE incongruity of trying to follow the dictates of conscience and of what is commonly termed "patriot-ism," at one and the same time, is illustrated by the fol- lowing, which was published recently in a New York City daily :Š "Lamar Fontaine, of Mississippi, killed sixty men in sixty minutes during the war. He bears a written certi-ficate to this effect from Gen. Robert E. Lee. Now Mr. Fontaine does not care to be called colonel. "It was in the battle of Waterloo Bridge, just below Warrenton, Va., in August, 1862, and immediately be-fore the second battle of Manassas, that General Lee wit-nessed Fontaine's feet of killing 'sixty Yankees in sixty minutes.' "Stonewall Jackson, under whom Fontaine served, was flanking Pope. The Confederate sharpshooters had possession of a long frame building, and were pouring death into Pope's ranks, when Lee rode up. "The general had heard of Fontaine's wonderful abil-ity as a marksman, and paid him a visit. A Feberal bat-tery was then directed on the sharpshooters. " `Train yourglass on No. 1, at gun No. 1,' Fontaine said to General Lee, `and you will see him jump up in the air in a minute and another man will have to take his place.' "Then he went on and killed sixty men, one after another, each in about a minute, until Lee told him to stop. " `Doesn't your conscience ever hurt you when you do work of this kind?' inquired Lee. " ' Why, general,' replied Fontaine, ' when I enlisted in the army it was with the understanding that I was to kill as many of the enemy as I could. If I had any con-scientious scruples against it I would quit the army. Don't you expect us to kill?' " And that is what every man who enters the army en-lists to do. He does not enlist to follow the dictates of conscience, but the dictates of his superior officer, which are given with a view of bringinghim to the highest point of efficiency as a fighter; for the one purpose of an army is to fight. And the best fighter is the one who can kill the greatest number of the enemy. An army composed of such men as Fontaine would be almost invincible. But the "soldier of the cross" must follow always the dictates of conscience, enlightened' by the Word of God. His pattern must be, not some man of military renown, but the Prince of Peace. His life must make manifest not feats of arms seen in the slaughter of his fellows, but "the meekness and gentleness of Christ." War a Natural Condition. STRIFE is an exhibition of human nature; and there seems to be no way in which human nature manifests it- self more readily. The merest trifle is sufficient to set the elements of contention in motion, regardless of the possi- ble results. How this has been illustrated in recent his- tory is mentioned in a London (Eng.) daily of recent date, as follows:Š "Cicero said that the natural state of man is war. Certainly, whether savage or civilized he lets very few op-portunities pass, as is proved by the trifles which have produced many terrible conflicts between nations. The Franco-German war, in which the loss of life was over 100,000, and the loss of money very nearly 21,000,000,-000, resulted from a little bit of Royal match-making. Spain had a marriageable princess, and the German House of Hohenzollern a marriageable prince. Both were, apparently, anxious to join fortunes, but France objected. The King of Prussia generously agreed not to press the matter, but France, to make sure that a German should never rule the country on her south-western fron-tier, insisted on getting a promise that the proposal of marriage should not be renewed at any future time. Naturally Prussia declined to humiliate itself, and, unfortunately for herself, France thereupon declared war. "Perhaps our influence at Constantinople is of great importance, though some argue that it is of very little moment. Either way, it has cost as heavily, both in lives and money. That war of the Crimea, by the way, began in an absurdly trifling event. The cupola of the 