THE ANIEIN.'1CAN SENTINEL. 371 wishes," of the Seventh-day Adventists " really " are. But the strangest and most incongruous thing about the whole procedure is that he should presume to do it at all. A. T. J. Ł4 - The Logical Outcome. WHEN the Patriot assumed the position it has occupied with reference to compul-sory Sunday laws, and a number of other cognate questions, it did so with a view to the logical outcome of the opinions and posi-tions opposite to its own. It happened in this case, as in nearly all similar ones, that almost every imaginable reason for its position was assigned and discussed ex-cept the determining and controlling one just mentioned. But now conjecture as to what the de- fenders of compulsory Sunday laws would do, must yield to the certainty of what they are doing, and what they declare they desire and propose to do. Speaking of a constitutional amendment recogniz-ing what these agitators call Christianity, Rev. W. J. Coleman says :Š The classes who would object to the amendment are,ŠJews, infidels, atheists, et al. These classes are perfectly satisfied with the Constitution as it is. How would they stand toward it if it recognized the Lord Jesus Christ ? . . . To be perfectly plain, I believe that the existence of a Christian Constitution would disfranchise every logically consistent infidel. District Secretary Rev. J. M. Foster says, when discussing the duties of na- tions according to the National Reformers' views :Š By providing her (the Church) funds out of the public treasury for carrying on her aggressive work at home and in the foreign field. National Reformers declare that they expect the time to come when they will "draw their salaries from the treasury, the same as Government officials." Rev. J. M. Foster declares that the reigning Mediator requires of the nations " A constitutional provision of moral and religious qualifications for their offices." The sum of the matter then, is this : National reform and the union of Church and State are synonymous terms. Na-tional Reformers demand that the Gov-ernment shall not be based as Thomas Jefferson vigorously put it, " upon the consent of the governed; " but upon reli-gion; and they demand to be made the ex-ponents of that religion; and to be paid out of the public treasury for their ser-vices; and that all who do not accept their exposition as true, shall be disfran-chised, practically enslaved, robbed of the rights and citizenship which they now possess. All there is in such a movement to com-mend it is its name, and that is an as-sumption. National reform !--disfranchis-ing over half the Nation's citizens, and enthroning as absolute teachers and rulers, a set of men who assume to act in the name of God, but deny  having received any authority from him to so act. A. class of men who claim to be laboring to get men into heaven, but manifest more desire to get them out of earth and to possess and rule it them-selves. These men who denominate their own uplifting and the corresponding de-basement of all who differ from them, reformation, arrogate to themselves the following privileges: The sole and un-questionable power of determining what is true religion; the sole authority to pre-sent that religion; the sole power to bind the heavens by such determination and presentation; the right to exclude all men who differ from them both from the high-est privileges, honors, and blessings, of earth, and from all the blessings of heaven; the right to demand pay from the public treasury for having the un-conscionable effrontery to make all these assumptions. The logical outcome of this movement is the union of Church and State, which must bring with it disfranchisement, loss of liberty, persecution, all the long train of evils which naturally follow in the wake of an attempt to do for God what he has never attempted to do for himself and never authorized to be done. With this logical outcome in view we have protested, and shall continue to pro-test, against that which threatens to de-stroy our liberties and desecrate our land. ŠIndependent Patriot, Lamoni, Iowa. -4- Should Sabbath Observance Be En-forced by Civil Law? [A. negative argument, delivered at the annual contest of the Philomath and Adelphia Literary Societies of Westminster College, New Wilmington, Pennsylvania, June 24, 1891. by A. L. Russell (Philo.), Bulger, Pa.] " RELIGION is essential to man." It is an inborn principle, universally co-exist-ent with the faculty of conscience and the presence of the soul. Most potent of all civilizing and refining powers, it has ever been a mighty agent in opposition to vice and sin. Its value as an aid to gov-ernment cannot be overestimated. For these reasons ancient Rome ,en-forced the profession of religion and the observance of its institutions. Horrified at the rising of Christianity, her emperors sought to perpetuate her religion by the help of civil law, believing that without religion Rome would soon be lost in vice and wickedness. Coercive religion failed, as it always will, to accomplish the de-sired end. Religion. and liberty move on-ward together only when religion and the State Ł are separate. In America their status scarcely needs to be defined : re-ligion guards our freedom. A stranger to the law, it is enthroned in the hearts of the people. It forms and sways public opinion, the only source of power in our systein of government. With religion go its institutions. One of the most important is the Sabbath. In it are involved sacred principles upon  which turn eternal destinies. Peace and godliness mark its sacred influence. Bless-ings many and great follow its proper observance. God is ruler; Christ is sov-ereign; and the Bible is the supreme law. To all this we freely and heartily assent. But we do deny that any of these bless-ings, or a proper observance of the Sab-bath, can be secured through its enforced observance. And we further deny that God, Christ, or the Bible, ever gave any government the right to enact into civil law that mandate which God has declared holy, and of which he is sole Judge and Master. That when men wish to observe the Sabbath they should be protected by law we admit. That, willing or unwill-ing, such observance should be forced upon them, we deny. Sabbath observance can mean nothing else than the strict keeping of the Sab-bath, in accordance with both letter and spirit of that law by which the Sabbath is governed. It can no more be observed in a civil manner, i. e., by animal cessation from toil, than the Lord's supper can be observed by a gluttonous fe.pst. It has been claimed that the law can and does enforce the observance of the Sabbath as a civil institution. In opposi-tion to this claim I will prove that- 1. The Sabbath is a purely religious institution, recognized and enforced as such. 2. It is not the prerogative of civil gov-ernment to enforce the observance of re ligious institutions. 3. Such enforcement fails to secure true observance, or an observance acceptable to God. 4. Christianity repudiates the use of force in the observance of religious insti-tutions. 5. Such enforcement is religious perse-cution. Hence, upon the proof of these propo-sitions, it inevitably follows that the pub-lic observance of the Sabbath should not be enforced by civil law. THE SABBATH IS PURELY A RELIGIOUS IN-STITUTION, RECOGNIZED AND EN-FORCED AS SUCH. The authority for the Sabbath is.  divine and religious alone, and its observance is worship; for our duty to the Sabbath is our duty to God. Its institution in the garden of Eden, before the foundation of civil society, refutes the idea of its being a civil institution, and sustains the claim that it is purely religious. Before the command, " In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread," God "blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it; because that in it he had rested from all his work." Gen. 2: 3. Not because man was tired; he had done no work. Hence the Sabbath is no civil-labor ordi-nance. Not because God was tired; he is a spirit, and tires not. Hence his rest was spiritual and not bodily rest; and this is the rest he commanded man to 