AMERICAN SENTINEL. 327 are Christian, and each one a little more Christian than the balance. England has claimed to be a Christian na-tion for many centuries, and was particularly so when Catholics and Protestants were cutting throats and burning heretics. France had a spasm of Christianity once which culminated in St. Bartholomew's day. New England was so much Christian that her people burned all the wicked witches and drove all the heretics into a lifelong exile. We are Christians in America with ten thousand churches closed six days out of seven and four times as many saloons open every day of the week; with ten thousand devoted ministers and forty thousand ac complished gamblers; with a few thousand millionaires and a few million paupers; with the poor oppressed by law and the rich setting the laws at defiance. You can just bet we are a Christian nation, and if anybody dispute it we will fight him." A Solemn Warning.ŠNo. 3. BY C. H. KESLAKE. SPEAKING of Christianity in the third century during the reign of Diocletian, Milman, in his History of Chris-tianity, as quoted in last week's article, says, among other things, "It is the oracle of Apollo of Miletus, con-sulted by the hesitating emperor, which is to decide the fate of Christianity. The metaphorical language of Christianity had unconsciously lent strength to this new adversary; and in adoring the visible orb, some no doubt supposed that they were not departing far from the wor-ship of the 'Sun of Righteousness.'" But they were. Rapid strides were being made to-wards that of which the Apostle Paul wrote in his second letter to the Thessalonians (chap. 2:3,41: "Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition; who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God or that is worshiped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." Here is foretold a falling awayŠan apostasyŠwhich was to result in the development of a power spoken of as the "man of sin," who was to exalt himself above all that is called God. And that which was to bring about this awful thing is spoken of as the "mystery of iniquity" or of "lawlessness." (V. 7, R. V.) Keeping this clearly before our minds, let us now turn -to other scriptures which show that what is before us in the scripture above quoted is a reproduction of that which was once sought to be set up and perpetuated in heaven. In Isa. 14:12 we read: "How art thou fallen from heaven, 0 Lucifer, son of the morning! How art thou cut down to the ground, which didst weaken the nations! For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God: I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north; I will ascend above the heights -of the clouds; I will be like 'equal to] the Most High." No one needs to be told that this Lucifer is none other than Satan. Exalted to a place of high degree in heaven Šperhaps to a position inferior only to ChristŠhe is not satisfied with his position. He determines to be equal with God. This would mean that he would receive honor and worship from all of the created intelligences of God. This of course could not be. But even though it could have been, would this have been the end of the matter? By no means. Such a spirit as Satan was cherishing could never be satisfied without reaching, not simply to a station equal with another, even though that other be God, but the highest place, even above God. That he aspired to this may be seen when Christ was upon the earth. Christ was "God manifest in the flesh;" he was "God with us;" and yet we read that Satan would have "God manifest in the flesh" bow down and worship him. Matt. 4:1-11. Who does not see that if Christ had done this, Satan would have been acknowledged as being above God? In this, however, Satan failed; but he was not to be satisfied with this defeat so as to give up all hope of ever accomplishing his purpose. What he could not do in one way he planned to do in another. So he determined to do this by instilling his spirit, as it were, into man, and re-vealing himself as supreme in man. That Satan would succeed along these lines, and get man to worship him, God saw beforehand and foretold it in his Word. And so we have the scripture which we have already read in Thessalonians. There is only one way in which one can exalt himself above all that is called God. That is by changing the law of God and demanding obedience to it as changed; and in receiving that obedience only can he sit in the temple of God and show himself as God. And there is only one power in all history which claims to have done this, as has been shown in previous articles; and that is the papacy. This being so, the papacy is the fulfillment of 2 Thess. 2:3, 4. PROTESTANT missionaries in Madagascar, it is said, are anxiousŠsome of themŠthat their work should re-ceive political recognition from the French government. There are some, however, among those most interested in this mission work who realize that governmental rec-ogniition would be disastrous to spiritual progress, and earnestly opposed it for this reason. THE National Reformers, it is stated, have petitioned the Government to appoint a day of national fasting and prayer. They have a precedentŠor what maybe claimed as suchŠin the proclamation of a similar kind issued by President Lincoln during the darkest period of the civil war. It is proper enough at any time, of course, that the people of the nation should seek the Lord with fasting and prayer; but the civil government has neither the authority to call for such a step nor the power to make it effective. 