290 AaNitMELICA.,N RIEN'TTINTRIE. Vol.. 11, No. 37. VIOLATING LAW TO ENFORCE "LAW." Ax interesting fact has come to light in the case of B. A. Philpott, the Seventh-day Adventist, recently arrested in Rutherford County, Tenn., for working on Sunday. As most of our readers know, these prose-cutions in Tennessee are not under the stat-ute, which provides simply a fine of three dollars for Sunday work, to be recovered be-fore a justice of the peace, by whomsoever first sues for the same; but under the common law of nuisance, by indictment by the grand jury and trial in the Circuit Court. Now the law presumes that if anything is a nuisance somebody will be interested in prosecuting the offen- Ł Q. 111111,7(11; der, and therefore .214 lit withholds from the grand jury inquisito- cgciQk\ tit. rial powers in such 0,ta cases. A valid indict- ment can only be re- turned at the instance ° Ł of some citizen who et-,)11-4-11  comes forward to act a s prosecutor, an d- Ł whose name must be (0‚ - Ł 111 indorsed upon the in- 0 6, 0 dictment as prosecutor. We are reliably in- a711‚ formed that Mr. Byron o Freeman, the gentle-man whose name ap- pears as prosecutor D. upon the indictment 0  against Mr. Philpott, 41 denies emphatically that he is prosecutor. He says he is only a witness, and an unwil- ling one at that, and never authorized the  prosecutor. If this till statement is true, and ' we cannot doubt the gentleman's word in the matter, somebody has violated the law in his zeal to enforce "law." This fact adds a new element of interest to this case, as it gives an opportunity to gauge the temper of the au-thorities of Ruther-ford County. If the judge and attorney- Ł general are disposed to be fair in this mat-ter they can do noth-ing else than dismiss the case when the facts are brought to their notice at the time of trial. If they are not disposed to be fair, they may force the case to trial. However this may be, they should have op-portunity to show what manner of spirit they are of. If we were to venture an opinion it would be that the court will be governed by the law, and quash the indictment if the facts are as we believe them to be. Ł PULPIT POLITICS REBUKED. THE stultification of person and office which results to the clergyman who turns his pulpit into a political rostrum, and to which so many of this class seem oblivious, is not hidden from the eyes of secular observers. In evi-dence, we reprint from the Chicago Times-Herald, of September 8, some forcible com-ments upon the case of a well-known New York clergyman, who has made himself con-spicuous of late in this line of effort. The Herald's rebuke is all the more noteworthy because of the fact that the Herald and the clergyman in question stand together upon fin the issue which has been the latter's theme of d iscourse :Š " Christianity has been sufficient to domi-nate the most enlightened portions of the earth for eighteen hundred years. Its phil-osophy has overcome the legacy of Egypt, Greece and Rome, and continues to triumph over the intellectual syndicates of skepticism that follow each other in monumental groups, age after age. The irresistible sweetness of its creed has carried pioneers through the perils of the wilderness as broad streams bear the ships along during the night. Its warmth has kept alive humanity in everlasting snows and cooled the brow of suffering in the ever- (TT 101  4(41',9 L c. Ł Ł lI  Iil 1 lal 11,11 !III  (1 II, —(,ifI I I( I ( It II 