'ME AA/re-RICAN SENTINEL. 77 enforcing the " civil aspect " of baptism. Of course the " religious aspect " would be left entirely to the liberties of the per-sons being baptized. This would not in the least interfere with the freedom of any body's conscience. They would be left, free to be baptized as they choose. This would not be State religion at all. It would simply be " the State and re-ligion." Conclusion Third : As the Government must decide how much a man may work and when he shall not -work on account of his health; therefore the Government ought to say how much a man may sleep and when he shall not sleep. This is de-manded by a sanitary necessity. Also there should be a national law regulating the quantity and the quality of the labor-ing man's food, with an appendix setting forth the time of day in which he must take his meals lest he should eat too much or too little, or dine at an improper time and thereby injure his health. This is necessary from the nature of the case. The Government must also of necessity make, out a national medical prescription for its citizens and make them take their medicine whether they are willing or not. The public good demands all this and much more upon the same hypothesis that Mr. Crafts argues his sanitary Sabbath-law. But as there appears to be no end to the ridiculous things that are logically included in his premises, we will' close, be-lieving that the reader who has noted the inconsistencies and self-contradictions of National Reformers will not be sur-prised at anything from them. WM. COVERT. That Orthodoxy in Iowa. THE following letter we cheerfully pub-lish, It is self-explanatory :Š Marshalltbwn, Iowa, February 17, 1890. Editor " AMERICAN SENTINEL." Dear Sir : Your article in the SENTINEL of Janu-ary 8, -" Was it Orthodox ?"Šhas just come to my notice and I thank you for publishing the facts. But you have been misinformed in one particular. The 'following is a mistake: "Although a majority [of the veterans at the Soldiers' Home] sanctioned the arrangement of the orthodox ministers [to exclude me from preaching at the Home], a large minority were decidedly outspoken against it," etc. The fact is that the protest against the arrangement was, almost unanimous, not only among the vet-erans located' there but also among the people at large. The 'number of veterans located in the Home is three hundred and twenty-five, and when the arrangement with the. " Ministerial Expulsion As-sociation," as it is called here, became known at the Home before the arrangement was completed, a petition was circulated among them asking that the' Universalist minister should not be debarred from "his appointment, which was signed by over two kundred'of the veterans and more would have signed it but the commandant gave them the assur-ance that the proposition of the so-called " or-thodox " ministers would not be accepted and I would not be excluded. Receiving this promise they ceased circulating the petition. In justice to the noble veterans of the late war, removing from them the slanderous implication that a majority of them would be in favor of any arrangement so much opposed to the spirit of our country's Constitution, I have written this letter. Hoping you will receive this in the same kind spirit in which it is written, I am truly, T. W. WOODROW, Pastor Universalist Church. The source of our information was a leading, if not the leading, Sioux City paper (the name of which has slipped our memory) and we simply reported the case as it was stated there. Our attention was attracted more particularly to the " or-thodox " injustice, than to any other feat-ure of the case. That seemed to us to be bad enough in all conscience, even though a much smaller minority than was re-ported had protested. Now that our at-tention is directed more fully to the other side, we are happy to do justice to the manly spirit of the veterans, and of "the people at large." ,And as this noble de-fense of Mr. Woodrow's rights redounds the more to the credit of the veterans, the action of that ministers' association is caused to approach the more nearly to organized meanness. A. T. J. Government and the Sermon on the Mount. (Concluded.) CHRISTIANITY AND SOCIALISM. SPEAKING as a Christian then and not as a politician, I would, venture to say to the Socialist : Deal with all these questions of redistribution of wealth with which you are busying yourself as you may deem right and expedient. Adopt for your guidance in dealing with them any one of the current political or social maxims that may commend itself to you. Start, if you please, with the maxim that all prop-erty is robbery; or that all men have an equal right to an equal share in all things; or that property should pay ransom for its safety ; or that the State should own not only all land but all goods and chat-tels whatsoever; or that it should regulate the hours and price of all labor, and, there-fore, by just and necessary consequence, ultimately the price of all other com-modities; that it should, in short, convert itself into a sort of magical " universal provider," giving to everyone everything that he wants and yet to no one more than to any one else. Adopt even, if any one has, the courage now to adopt it, the pre-posterous and immoral maxim of " the greatest happiness of the greatest num-ber "Š a maxim which would justify a tribe of red Indians in torturing, or a tribe of cannibals in killing and eating their prisoners. Take as your political creed any one of these or any other that you may prefer; all that we ask of you is not to dignify any one of these beliefs with the name of Christian. Stamp your political coinage, whether of pure or of base metal,with the image and superscrip-tion of the political Caesar, mob or mon-arch, to whom you give your allegiance ; buy with it in the vote market power and place for yourself or your party ; but do not forge upon it the " image and super-scription " of our King Two things only, as it seems to me, has Christianity to say to you. One is, in all  your dealings with wealth and property be just; just to the rich as well as to the poor, to the employer as well as to the laborer, to the minority as well as to the majority, to the classes as well as to the masses. And in the next placeŠpleading as Christianity is ever bound to plead, the cause of the poorŠwe pray of you, for their sakes, to take heed lest you make any economic mistakes in constructing your new couches sociales, for if you do it will not be the rich but the poor who will be the chief sufferers. One word more, and it is a word that I am very desirous of saying. When I assert, as I do, that the laws of Christ's Church cannot safely or justly be all of them transferred to the statute book of the State, I am as far as possible from asserting that Christianity has nothing to do with politics. On the contrary, I main-tain that it has everything to do with them: not, however, directly but indi-rectly : not by way of compelling men by law to observe its precepts, but by way of inspiring men with its spirit. Justice, which is the primary and main obligation of the State, is, as I have said, no inven-tion of Christianity ; nevertheless Chris-tianity has greatly enlarged and ennobled our ideas of justice while giving 'us also new and most powerful motives for being just. CHRISTIANITY IN POLITICS. It has done so mainly by its revelation of the great idea of the brotherhood of all men in Christ. This idea at once enlarges the area over which justice is obligatory. There was a time, when no State held itself bound to be just to any save its own subjects. The stranger had absolutely no claim in its eyes to justice; he might be plundered, captured, enslaved, slain, and no one so much as dreamed that any in-justice was being done to him. Chris-tianity has proclaimed that this stranger is a brother, and has therefore against all men the claims and the rights of brother-hood. Such teaching at once revolution-izes the relations of State to State, pro-claiming as it does that whatever of justice any State owes to its own subjects, the same is owed by it to those of other States. Take one instance moreŠthe influence.  of Christianity upon legislation as regards the poor. Christianity has not said that there shall be no poor, nor has it in any way enlarged the poor man's rights as a citizen. But in telling us that he is our brother, it bids us be willing, and even eager, to recognize whatever rights he may possess. Christianity acts, not by filling the statute books with Christian precepts, but by filling the hearts of legis-lators with Christian feelings and motives. If we want, however, to check, or even to destroy, this beneficent work of Chris-tianity, we shall do so effectually by at-tempting to force all its teachings upon all men in the shape of positive enact- 