238 -1-14 AMERICAN SENTINEL. work, we woursii have beeff rearrested, and thus compelled to spend alt the little property we own in paying fines. We have h'eard that our property is to be sold to pay fines and costs, but we under-stood that this could not be -done, at least in the case of three of us who own no more property than the law allows. There seems to be nothing for us to do but to suffer and await a change in public sentiment. Judge Swiggart, in answer to the sher-iff's protest, that we were conscientious in the mat-ter, replied : " Let them educate their consciences by the laws of Tennessee." My wife writes me that our two little girls cry themselves to sleep at night because " Papa doesn't come home." Yours respectfully, J. H. DORTCH. It will be remembered that the R. M. King referred to in the letter was the gen-tleman who earned considerable celebrity about a year ago by his able defense when arrested on a charge of violating the Sun-day laws, and who carried his case to the United States District Court and lost. Since then the demand for the repeal of these laws has become greater and greater, and nothing but the pernicious activity of cer-tain bigoted individuals prevents them from becoming a dead letter. It seems absolutely incredible that in this age of enlightenment, in these free United States, men should suffer and fain-. ilies be plunged in sorrow because they have exercised a right of conscience guar-anteed to them by the Constitution of their country. The sooner a test case is appealed to the highest tribunal in the land for adjudica-tion the better for the honor of Tennessee :and every State ridden by bad laws passed in violation of individual liberty. A Fulfillment of Prophetic Word. COMMENTING On the action of the Sen-ate in passing the proviso for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, the Signs of the Times; Oakland, Cal., pertinently says :Š That the amendment of Senator Quay was un-constitutional did not seem to affect these grave senators in the least. Religious sentiment and rank hypocrisy triumphed. It was fitting that such an amendment should be introduced by as man the malodor of whose reputation has scented the whole country, and smelled even to the world beyond the seaŠa man who has been charged by reputable pa-pers with almost every crime which circles around " Thou shalt not steal," yet who has never dared to compel these papers to prove their allegations by libel suit against them. No wonder that when he read the fourth commandment, in advocating his amendment, Senators Morgan and Harris called for the reading of the entire Decalogue. It is Ity just such unscriptural, unconstitutional, sentimental, and religio-hypocritical methods that Sunday laws and their consequent persecution will be brought about in this country. We do not hope to stem the progress of the work which is thus soon to cul-minate; God has declared in his word that it will come, and soon come. The Signs does not care whether the World's Fair gates are open Sunday or not; but we do wish faithfully to point out the certain indications of that spirit now controlling politics, which will crystallize itself in a repetition of the persecutions of the Dark Ages, around the Sunday observance question. It is simply a ful-fillment of the prophetic Word. This is an accurate view of the matter. As so forcibly said here, the vital ques-tion is not, Shall the Fair be open or shall it be shut ? but, Shall the Congress of the United States go beyond the sanction of its Constitution and outside the legiti-mate limits of civil legislation to establish a union of religion and the State ? It is .against that that THE SENTINEL has made its earnest protest. The advocates of Sunday closing by congressional act have lacked either the intelligence or the can-dor to understand and acknowledge this. Indeed the acknowledgment of even the existence of such a position would be fatal to their views. They dare not permit its .consideration. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THE Park Board has signified its intention to open the Museum of Natural History in Manhattan Square, this city, on Sundays. THE Lake Michigan Chautauqua Assembly pub-lishes a Sunday edition of its Chautauquan, and is meeting with the displeasure of the religious press accordingly. THE New York Herald says : " If Congress wishes to aid the Fair and maintain its self respect it must blot out the obnoxious ' proviso, and make the $5,000,000 appropriation an unconditional offering." THE Brooklyn Citizen says the Sunday-closing provision in the World's Fair appropriation is an insult to the intelligence of the public. It might have added, as well, that congressmen have also stultified their own intelligence. THE International Sunday Association has re-cently held a general gathering at Stuttgart, Ger-many. They have there a contest between them-selves as to the liberal Lutheran idea of Sunday keeping, and the Puritan strict observance. THE New York Herald points out the fact that while the Sunday closing of the World's Fair will permit the attaches of the Fair to go to church it will compel the policemen to be on duty who might go to church if the Fair were open. What are the Sunday closers going to do about the policemen ? THE Brooklyn Eagle very properly thinks that, " It does not fall within the function of Congress to make Sabbatarian ordinances for the government of any State, or for any part of the community comprising the State. If the Managers of the Ex-position can consistently call on Congress for the desired aid, they are entitled to have it, without submitting to conditions which involve the religious or conscientious scruples of anybody." THE Rochester Advertiser speaks, although not the whole truth, yet nothing but the truth, when it declares that, " The laws of the State of Illinois are the supreme authority in Chicago with regard to Sunday observance, inside as well as outside the Fair grounds, and the Managers of the Fair, under those laws, are the persons who alone have, as they should have, power of discretionary action." The whole truth is that neither the United States, nor the State of Illinois, nor the World's Fair Managers, nor any other human authority, can rightfully have any control over the religious observance of Sun-day, or any other day. THE political bearing of this Sunday question in Congress, is very clearly shown in the correspond-ence of the Chicago Tribune, when it said : " It is further urged on the leaders of the House that in the present political conditions, with the German vote drifting away from the Republicans in Illinois and the Northwest, it will be the best party policy fbr the Democrats to defeat Sunday closing. The reply is the profane one that Congress isn't run for the benefit of Illinois Democrats, and that members from other sections are not going to sacrifice their chances of re-election for the sake of somebody in the West." That is it, the religio-political boycott has got in its work. THE speeches of senators and congresSmen in favor of legislation for Sunday closing of the Fair, all go to show that the American Sabbath Union may now drop its theory of a civil Sabbath as a veil for which they have no longer any use. Senator Hawley gave them all their cue when he said of Sunday observance and the laws of the different  States for its enforcement, "Everybody knows the foundation. It is founded in religious belief." Has Senator Hawley, and those who supported the Sunday-closing proviso in the Senate and House, ever heard of the First Amendment to the Constitution ? AN editorial item in the Age, of Boulder, Mont., expresses, in words which can not be misunder-stood, a clear understanding of the import of the action of Congress in reference to Sunday at the World's Fair. The Age says:Š The Senate of the United States has passed a World's Fair appropriation bill, but attached to it a proviso that the Fair must be closed on Sundays. This is a practical recognition of a State Church, and shows how insidiously but how surely the en-emies of the liberties of man are gaining control of a Government whose founders declared that there should be no union of Church and State, their ex-perience as well as their study of history having taught them that where Church and State were combined, the Church became the practical ruler, and a most cruel and despotic one at that. The aphorism that " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty " should be kept constantly in mind by the American people if they would preserve their iber-ties. This action of Congress, together with late judi-cial decisions, make it already too late for anything more than protest. The legal authority of religious dogma in civil affairs is now fully recognized. All who do not uphold this evil thing should protest, as does the Age. THE New York Commercial Advertiser said of the action of the Senate in passing the Sunday-closing proviso :Š There was something decidedly cheap and small in the action taken by the Senate yesterday. Re-ceivers of presents have the benefit of an old and wise saw for their guidance. One must not look a gift horse in the mouth, But if it be bad form td scrutinize and weigh a gift under the very eye of the giver, it is not less so to fix limita-tions upon the uses to which a gift may be put. Even a tramp would question the delicacy of a hint not to expend for drink a piece of silver given to pay for a night's lodging, but the people of the great city of Chicago have been treated in just this shabby fashion by the Senate of the United States. Millions are voted to them. But this munificence is handicapped with the condition that the people of Chicago are not to be trusted to make a seemly use of it. We are willing to help you with your Fair, the Senate says in substance, but we have no intention of giving you a chance to be wicked. You Chicago people and the stranger within your gates should go to church Sunday, and go nowhere else. If you are unwilling to do so, at any rate, you shall not spend the time that good people should spend in listening to sermons in wandering through exhibition halls surveying the triumphs of man in art, science, manufactures. You are not very good, we fear, but the Senate of the United States will not loan your Fair a cent unless you shut it up Sunday. We do not think it is going too far to say that this attitude of the Senate is in contravention of the spirit, at least, of the Constitution. It can not be denied that it constitutes an intermeddling on the part of the State with matters religious. Under the aegis of that instrument the Jew, for instance, has every right of conscience possessed by the Christian. Had the Chicago management decided of its own volition to close the doors of the Exposition Sunday and shut out the people, their course would have been regretable because of its narrowness, its intolerance, and especially because of its discourtesy to the foreign visitors, who during their sojourn amongst us will be, in some sort, the guests of the Nation. But it is a far more serious matter when the Senate of the United States says to Jewc, Seventh-day Baptists, Adventists, and all that innumerable host of people of other denominations or no denomination who have their own views on the Sabbatarian question, that they shall, whether they will or no, bow their wills to those of an ar-rogant minority of their fellow citizens and be compelled to observe Sunday as a Puritan Sab-bath. Such a decree, even if made by a majority, would be tyranny. But as the ukase of a minority, it is simply intolerable. But let the Senate be comforted. Their inop-portune piety will extort a hymn of praise from a large and influential body of the Chicago people. Not all of them will grumble. Our Upper House has won the unanimous applause and heartfelt gratitude of every liquor dealer in the city. It is 