AMERICAN SENTINEL. 651 The Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. 8. BY C. H. KESLAKE. WE gave last week, from standard Roman Catholic works, the Catholic idea of tradition, and set forth that it is claimed by the papacy that tradition is as much the Word of God as the Holy Scriptures; and further, it is claimed, as was also pointed out last week, not only that the Bible and tradition are both the Word of God, but that that which is handed down through tradition is of higher authority than the ScripturesŠthat it is safer to go by tradition, and that tradition is more use-ful to us than the written Word. That this is the true Catholic doctrine may be seen from "Catholic Belief," p. 21: "Like two sacred rivers 'flowing from Paradise, the Holy Bible and Divine Tradi-tion, both contain the Word of God, both are full of the precious jewels of revealed truth. Though these two di-vine streams are in themselves, on account of their divine origin, of equal sacredness, and are both full of revealed truths, still of the two, tradition is to us more clear and . safe." All this was defined by the General Council of Trent, when it assembled to meet the "errors" of Protestants. And it was clearly proven(?), too, at least, to their sat-isfaction, by the fact that through this means the Sab-bath was merged into the Lord's dayŠmeaning Sunday Š"and that too solely by the authority of the church." Now with reference to this matter of the authority of the church, which authority is demonstrated by the act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday, and which act the Protestants themselves conceded as valid in their con-fession at the Council of Augsburg, 1530, the question was asked at the Council of Trent: "Now if this authority [of the church] should be done away with (which would please the heretics very much) who would there be to tes-tify for the truth and to confound the obstinacy of the heretics?" This, indeed, was an important question; and it can be clearly seen, through the Council of Trent, that the authority of the church and the church's claims with regard to tradition and the Sunday, stood or fell to-gether. With the doing away, therefore, of Sunday, there would go with it the church, with all its claims to au-thority and the matter of tradition. And as it was claimed that the church is the custodian of the truth of God, if its authority was done away with, who indeed would there be to testify for the truth(?) and to con-found the "heretics?" As the Protestants had already conceded the author-ity of the church with regard to Sunday, and so stultified themselves, in such concession they furnished the Catho-lics with the very means by which they (the Protestants) could always be confounded. And from that time to this the Catholics have never been slow to use it; and sad to  say, it has been a handy means with which Protestants have counfounded each other when they found them-selves unable to defend themselves by the Word of God. So far as the Catholic Church is concerned, Cardinal Gibbons, in his book, "Faith of our Fathers," page 111, clearly sets forth the issue. In the chapter from which the following quotation is taken, he undertakes to prove that the Bible is not a "competent religious guide." He says: "A rule of faith or a competent guide to heaven, must be able to instruct in all the truths necessary for salvation." This proposition, of course, no one will for one mo-ment deny. But the cardinal continues: "Now the Scrip-tures alone do not contain all the truths which a Chris-tian is bound to believe, nor do they explicitly enjoin upon all the duties which he is obliged to practice." Here the consistent Protestant will take issue with the cardinal. But ruthlessly the cardinal lays the axe to the root of the Protestant tree, and fells it to the ground. And this is the axe: "Not to mention, other examples, is not every Christian obliged to sanctify Sun-day, and to abstain on that day from unnecessary ser-vile work? Is not the observance of this law among the most prominent of our sacred duties? But you may read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, and you will not find a single line authorizing the sanctification of Sunday. The Scriptures enforce the religious observance of Saturday, a day which we never sanctify." In this quotation from Cardinal Gibbons, why does he not specify one of the other examples, to which he alludesŠfor there are othersŠinstead of citing Sunday as proof that the Bible alone is not a competent guide? Because their validity, in turn, hinges upon Sunday, and the cardinal simply goes to the tap root of the whole matter. Protestants, likewise, when they find themselves without any Scripture in support of a doctrine, use the Sunday argument to excuse themselves. As an instance it might be said that not a great while ago a Baptist organ, referring to the question of baptism, asked a Methodist contemporary for the Scripture authority for sprinkling. The Methodist paper acknowledged the lack of Bible proof for the practice, but instead of confessing the wrong, attempted to justify itself by saying that sprinkling was practised on the same ground that Sun-day was kept; and then it asked its Baptist friend to kindly show the scripture for keeping Sunday. This of course the Baptist was not able to do, but the argument of the Methodist was sufficient; for the Baptist had noth-ing further to say directly to its contemporary upon the subject of baptism. Of what use is it for Protestants to insist upon Bible doctrines which are clearly taught when they stultify themselves upon this question of Sunday? For nothing is clearer in the Bible, as Cardinal Gibbons truly says, than that "there is not from Genesis to Revelation a sin- 