302 AMERICAN. SENTINEL. NEW YORK, MAY II, 1899. PROGRESS is a good thing when it is in the right direction. But such progress as is shown by the mar-riage and divorce statistics, and by the evolution of sentiment in "soci-ety" touching the sanctity of mar-riage, is progress backwards. On the whole, has the "progress" of the nineteenth century been in. a forward direction, or the reverse? This is a serious question, and there is abun-dant ground for asking it. THE revival of punishment by tor-ture and burning at the stake in this highly-civilized country, is a fact as significant as it is dreadful. When once public sentiment has become so "educated" as to sanction such methods, they may be employed for the punishment of religious offenses as well as for other crimes, and some of the lurid pictures of the Dark Ages may be repainted in the light of the twentieth century. It should be re-membered that nothing is more po-tent to rouse the savage instincts in human nature than the animosity engendered over religion. THE papacy stands, everywhere, for the union of church and state. It represents the ultimate product of the development of that principle to its fullest extent. The AMERICAN SENTINEL is set to oppose the union of church and state, and must there-lore oppose the papacy. This is why it has so much to say about the papacy. But remember, friends, 'that it is speaking against princi-ples, not against men. The papal principle of church-and-state union is an enemy of all men, and of none is it a worse or more dangerous en-emy than of those whose misfortune it is to hold and believe in it as being right. And therefore in oppos- ing it to none, is the SENTINEL a truer friend than to the Catholics. IN response to the outcry against Sunday newspapers in London, the editor of the Daily Mail has offered to suspend his Sunday edition if the editor of the Telegraph will do the same. That is the way it is with a great many people who "want to be good" in this country; they are will-ing to observe Sunday, and would like to do so, if it were not for the few dollars in trade they would lose by it. So they must have a law to prevent anybody else from trading on Sunday, or doing any-thing to earn money, so that they can be religious on Sunday free of cost. These individuals should re-member that a religion that is good for anything costs something. The.  Christian religion is cheap 'enough at any price that can possibly be asked for it. WHEN the AMERICAN SENTINEL was started upon its mission, there was no thought in the minds of its writers that this nation would set aside the principles of republican government in any other way than by the enact-ment of laws to compel the con-science, as was foreshadowed by the work of the National Reform party. The work .of this party could only end, it was seen, in the subversion of the rights and liberties of the people which this Government was estab-lished to preserve, and therefore the AMERICAN SENTINEL opposed that work and warned the people against it, contending for the principles of government set forth in the Declara-tion of Independence and embodied in, the fundamental national lawŠthe Constitution. It has contended for the preservation of the Constitu-tion without alteration or amend-ment in such manner as was pro-posed by political church parties. But lo, suddenly and in an unfore-seen way, the Declaration and Con-stitution are completely set aside by the new national policy of impe-rialism; so that this is no longer a  "government of the people, by the people for the people;" but a govern-ment by "some of the people," for "some of the people." The National Reform party aimed at no more com-plete overthrow of the rights and liberties of the people than is in-volved in this policy of imperialism. Both aim at a government of the people by "some" of the peopleŠgovernment by "the consent of 801215 of the governed," only in the one case "some" meant the National Reformers and their allies, and in the other case "some" means the im-perialists, or the strong as distin-guished from the weak. In either case the rights of conscience and all for which the SENTINEL has contended are to'be swept aside. And this is why the SENTINEL has had so much to say about imperial- ism. It could not be true to its mis-sion and overlook so startling and significant a sign of the times. THE best thing to do with facts is to look them in the face. Whether they are reassuring or not, it is best to know what they are. It is poor policy to be an optimist because your eyes are shut. There is always hope, so that no one ought to be a "pessimist;" for the Scripture de-clares that hope "abideth," though it is to be noted that it abideth with faith and love. But hope must rest upon knowledge, not on ignorance, if it is to be of advantage in the end. ONE reason why "religion is lan-guishing" in the "rural communi-ties" of New England, as Governor Rollins points out, may well be that the papal religion is flourishing in that section of the country. As sta-tistics show, Boston is now by all odds the most Catholic city in the United States. .01 REPORT says that Norway is get-ting ready to fight Sweden, and Eng- . land is sending an ultimatum to President Kruger in the Transvaal. The prelude to the peace congress ' seems to be in a minor key. 