800 - THE SENTINEL OF` LIBERTY. ŠU,-, k . ..,  EE  _ Vitnymanhear my words and believe; not !judge him not chrit CHICAGO, DECEMBER 20, 1900. Any one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. NO PAPER NEXT WEEK. As a volume of THE SENTINEL consists of fifty numbers, the present paper completes the issues for the year 190o. Number i of Volume 16 will bear date of January 3, 1901. THOSE missionaries," says the Monitor (Roman Catholic), " who are represented as demanding and insisting upon the wholesale deCapitation of promi-nent Chinese officials in the interest of Christianity in China,' are supplying the celestials with a very potent argument against future toleration of foreign missionaries." .4 .4 Do you think we are making a big fuss about nothing, in what we are saying about threatening perils in this Republic? Well, that is just what the antediluvians thought about the things said to them by Noah. Remember that so great an event as the destruction of the world once came upon the people without their perceiving its coming till they found themselves actually involved in it. THE News, of Salt Lake City, has this to say about attacks recently made upon the Roman Cath-olic Church by leading Methodists: " There is no need of us [sic] taking up the defense of the Roman Catholic Church. That body is, strong enough to fight its own battles. But the principle of religious liberty is involved, and an assault upon that principle should not go without rebuke. Those who would deny others the privilege of worshiping God according to the dictates of their conscience, are ignorant of one of the fundamental principles that has, attained recognition through long contests and many sacrifices on the part of the noblest men and women the world ever saw.. Their agitation may become a menace to free institutions.  When religions liberty is broken down there' is no barrier between political liberty and its aSsailants'. One IN ill perish with the other." We do not understand fully the nature of the " assault" referred to, but:  if it consists only in attacking by voice and pen the, dogmas and prac-tices of the Catholic Church, or of any other church; it is certainly not in violation of religious liberty: ,at .4  .4 SPEAKING for Sunday dosing of the Pan-American Exposition, a Buffalo clergyman says:Ł , "We have but to allow our great_expositions and other special features to lead the way, and all other money-making institutions will fall into line." - If this is true, as we' believe,  it is, it constitutes a good reason why the Pan-Atnerican'Exposition should not lead the way in the matter of Sunday closing by law. The people of this country, should not be educated to believe that Sunday obserVance by decree of,'the Civil power is in keeping with the principles Of republiCan government. ,- - As regards Sunday, let, every man ,hq—fully per-suaded in his own mind'whether or not it'ts his duty' to observe the day, and act accordingly. If this is done, the question, of opening the Exposition will take care of itself. NOTICE. . WE can fill no more orders for our Pan-American' _special, date of December 6, as our stock is eic-hausted.‚ " AT a meeting of ministers representing three  different denominationsŠCongregational, Method- ist and BaptistŠheld recently in the Y. M . A. lecture-room," says a daily paper, "it was decided to hold three Sunday afternoon mass-,rneetings to' rouse the city to the importance of making provision for the unfortunates who are affecfed by the recent order of the mayor, which closesdens and basement dives in response to the Crusade for ,purity." This action speaks,  well for the ministers concerned: Many of the poor creatures driven from the dives are more unfortunate than vicious, and to simply drive them to the streets will do neither thorn nor the city any good. If Christian people will only' extend to them 'a helping hand they will be doing: real reform work. 