APRIL 26, 1894. A-AIDIRTIEZICA_INT 133 Sunday observances, but only in the sense that he should not himself be disturbed in the practices of his creed; Łwhich is quite a different thing from saying that in the course of his daily labor . . he might disregard laws made in aid, if you choose to say so, of the religion of other sects. It will be seen from these judicial utter-ances that toleration is indeed " the best fruit of the last four centuries," and that Madison, Jefferson, and their co-workers failed to establish a lasting recognition of inalienable rights, for while they embodied such recognition in our early American constitutions the courts have swept them away with plausible sophisms concerning the " public peace " and the " public morals." But it has ever been so. " It is curious to note," says Charles Francis Adams, " the similarity of language and expression of the apologists for religious persecution." He then quotes James II., who, referring to Queen Elizabeth, said: " The trewth is, according to my owne knowledge, the late Queene of famous memory never punished any papist for religion ; " and Charles I. said of James I., " I am informed, neither Queen Elizabeth nor my father did ever avow that any priest in their times was executed merely for religion." According to Governor Winthrop, the courts of Massachusetts in the palmiest days of the Puritan theocracy, when Quakers and Baptists were whipped, ban-ished, or hanged, did not censure doctrine but only declared it to tend to sedition. The Puritan persecution was not in the interests of religion, we are gravely told, but for the preservation of the common-wealth. The same lame excuse is made to day for the Sunday laws under which Seventh-day Adventists are persecuted in several of our American States. Our fathers, it is true, endeavored to establish rights in our fundamental laws but the courts have substituted toleration, and even that is practically denied to Advent-ists in many communities, President Eliot is right: Toleration and not the recognition of God-given rights is the fruit of the last four centuries, just as it was the fruit of the beginning of the fourth century; and as it was followed then by an era of persecution so it will be again. Prophecy has foretold it and the signs of the times clearly indicate the early fulfillment of the prophecy. C. P. B. Romanized Protestantism vs. Roman Catholicism. AN exchange contains this earnest and pungent paragraph, which holds up the mirror to nature so closely that all they who are opposing Catholicism from those motives which impel the natural man, ought to able to see the old man Adam in it, and recognize whether or no they have yet cast him off. The paragraph is this :Š We are informed by a paper representing a certain self-styled reform faction, that the American people are reckless in " allowing any such press to operate in its limits as will publish any sentiment in favor of the Romish Church." Does not this Protestant bigot and would-be inquisitor have sense enough to see that be-Cause Rome in times past acted upon the principle he advocates she made herself the scourge of humanity Y That is why she is mistrusted to-day. Cannot this candidate for the editorship of a Protestant Index Eapurgatorius grasp the fact that in demanding the suppression of Roman Catholic literature he is himself inculcating the fundamental political ideas of that church ? She did what he wants to do and for that he curses her? Poor deluded sectarian! Before and above all else is the freedom of the press. The censorship of the press, and conse- quent restriction of free speech, is a legiti-mate conclusion of the premise upon which this " self-styled reform faction," works, Šthat this is a " Christian nation." If their supposition is correct, according to their application of it, an ecclesiastical supervision of all expression of thought and opinion is logical and inevitable. There will be a struggle to accomplish this very thing. No sooner shall the Con-gress of the United States commit itself openly and avowedly to their measures by the passage of a national Sunday law, or some such act, than a demand will be made for legislation affixing penalties for writing, speaking and circulating printed matter in opposition to accepted religious forms. A certain foundation for this is already laid in the almost forgotten laws against blasphemy. W. H. M. Michigan Barber's Sunday Closing Decision. THE following is the decision of the su- preme court of the State of Michigan, in the appealed case of Michael Bellet, under the act of the Michigan legislature, of 1893, prohibiting barbers from conducting their business on Sunday :Š "The respondent was convicted of a violation of the provisions of Act No. 148 of the Public Acts of 1893, and the sole question presented for our consideration is whether the act in question is constitu-tional. The act provides :Š That it shall be unlawful for any person or persons to carry on or engage in the art or calling of hair cut-ting, shaving, hair dressing, and shampooing, or in any work pertaining to the trade or business of a barber, on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, except such person or persons shall be em-ployed to exercise such art or calling in relation to a-deceased person on said day. Section 2. That it shall be unlawful for any such person or persons to keep open their shops or places of business aforesaid on said first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, for any of the purposes mentioned in section one of this act: provided, however, that nothing in this act shall apply to persons who conscientiously believe the seventh day of the week should be observed as the Sabbath, and who actually refrain from secular busi-ness on that day. " It is urged that the act is invalid be-cause it conflicts with Article 6 of Section 32 of the constitution of this State, which provides, among other things, that no per-son shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law, and for the further reason that it is in conflict with the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution of the United States, which provides that `no State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of the citizens of the United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property without due process of law, nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.' It is conceded that the State, in the exercise of its police power, has the right to enact Sunday laws, and that it also has the right to provide for the regulation and restric-tion of those engaged in an employment which, in and of itself, may prove harm-ful to the community, such as the liquor traffic. But it is contended that the busi-ness of conducting a barber shop is not of this class, and that it is in the nature of class legislation to prohibit this business under more severe penalties than those provided for the conduct of other legiti-mate business on Sunday. We do not deem the act in question open to such objection. By class legislation we under-stand such legislation as denies rights to  one which are accorded to others, or in upon one individual a more severe penalty than is imposed upon another, in like case offending. Cooley on Con stitutional Limitations' (page 482), it is said:Š Laws public in their object may, unless express con,  stitutional provision forbids, be either general or local in their application. They may embrace many sub-jects or one, and they may extend to all citizens, or be confined to particular classes, as minors or married women, bankers or traders, and the like. . . . The legislature may also deem it desirable to prescribe peculiar rules for the several occupations, and to es-tablish distinctions in the rights, obligations, duties and capacities of citizens. The business of common carriers, for instance, or of bankers, may require special statutory regulations for the general benefit; and it may be matter of public policy to give laborers in one business a specific lien for their wages, when it would be impracticable or impolitic to do the same for persons engaged in some other employments. If the laws be otherwise unobjectionable, all that can be re-quired, in these cases, is that they be general in their application to the class or locality to which they apply ; and they are then public in character, and of their propriety and policy the legislature must judge. " In Liberman vs. State, 26 Neb. 464, 42 N. W. 419, an ordinance of the city pro-hibited the keeping open of any business house, bank, stole, saloon, or office, ex-cepting telegraph offices, express offices, photograph galleries, railroad offices, tele-phone offices, hotels, restaurants, cigar stores, eating houses, ice cream parlors, drug stores, etc. It was contended that the ordinance was open to the objection that it did not operate upon all citizens alike; that the respondent was compelled to close his place of business on Sunday, while drug stores, tobacco houses, and others in competition in business, were not required to do so. But the court held the act valid. In the present case it may have been the judgment of the legislature that those engaged in the particular call-ing were more likely to offend against the law of the State providing for Sunday closing than those engaged in other call-ings. If so, it became a question of policy as to whether a more severe penalty should not be provided for engaging in that par-ticular business on Sunday than that in-flicted upon others who refuse to cease from their labors one day in seven. " Another question which naturally pre-sents itself, but which has not been dis-cussed by respondent's counsel, is whether the law is open to the objection that it is class legislation, for the reason that those who observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath are excepted from its pro-visions. It has been held in one case (City of Shreveport.vs. Levy, 26 La. Ann. 671) that such a provision is unconstitu-tional because it discriminates between religious sects. But we find that such an exception to the general statute of this State relative to the observance of Sunday has been in force since 1846. (See How. Ann. St., § 2021.) And, while this ques-tion has never been directly passed upon, the validity of the act in question has been assumed in a large number of cases. A similar question was raised in Johns vs. State, 78 Ind. 332, and it was held not to conflict with a provision of the constitu-tion which reads, ' The general assembly shall not grant to any citizen, or to any class of citizens, privileges or immunities which, upon the same terms, shall not be-long equally to all citizens.' It was said, ' The framers of the statute meant to leave it to the consciences and judgments of the citizens to choose between the first and seventh day of the week. One or the other of these days they must refrain from common labor. Which it shall be is to be determined by their own consciences. It 