236 A.NLEJEZICA_N 111 "Ir iNTII 40 VoL. 10, No. 30. DEFENSE OF N. B. ENGLAND. "Charged With Laboring on SundayŠTried . July 2, at Dayton, Tenn. " GENTLEMEN OF THE JURY AND FELLOW-CITIZENS: You have heard the bill of indict-ment read. As you see, I am indicted for working on Sunday. " To begin with, I wish to say that I am not a lawyer nor a public speaker; I am only like one of you, a plain farmer: but I ask you to look upon me as an American citizenŠas a citizen of Tennessee. I ask further that you do not let the fact that I am a Seventh-day Adventist be evidence to assist in convicting me. " I am no mean citizen. Two years ago I sold all that I owned in North Carolina, ex-cepting two small farms, and moved to your State, bringing with me about five thousand dollars, and invested in your county. I gave five hundred and twenty-five dollars to assist in establishing a good school in your midst. And I say boldly, without fear of contradic-tion (and the people will testify to my state-ment), that I have done as much to relieve the distress and suffering of the poor during these two years as any man in Rhea County. So you see I came among you for no mean pur-pose, but to do you good. " Gentlemen of the.jury, I have done no wrong. There lives not a man in Tennessee, or my native State, North Carolina, who will say that I have cheated or defrauded, or in any manner knowingly trespassed upon his rights. I am only charged with working on Sunday. Is it wrong to do anything on Sun-day that would be right on any other day? It is wrong to steal on Sunday; it is wrong to steal on Monday. Is it the object of the law to maintain justice and protect men in the exercise of their God-given rights? I do not believe that Sunday laws are constitutional. Sunday laws are religious laws. They are de-signed to enforce the sabbath of the majority upon the minority. They are not in harmony with the American idea of government. It is true they have been held to be constitutional by the Supreme Courts of some States, but Supreme Courts are not infallible authority. I take it that this is a Protestant audience, and hence acknowledge but one infallible author-ity. If there are Catholics here, they may differ with me and claim infallibility for the pope also. "Gentlemen of the jury, for over one hun-dred years we have extended the hand of wel-come to. the oppressed of other lands and in-vited them to come where they could enjoy perfect religious liberty. And they have come by millions, until to-day America may well be said to be the mightiest nation on earth. Why the mightiest? Not because she is numeri-cally stronger than others, for in population she is far behind some, but chiefly because she commands the respect, yes, even the af-fection, of her subjects. How has she ac-complished this? I answer, she has done it simply by guaranteeing to each individual the right (so long as he conducts himself as a good citizen by holding the rights of others as sa-cred as his own) to worship whom he will, where he will, and when he will; or he may not worship at all if he so chooses, and have the protection of this Government. This guarantee, it seems to me, every citizen must approve, every citizen love, and every patriot sincerely hope will be kept inviolate. Fel-low-citizens, is not this principle heayen-born? Did not Jesus Christ proclaim it when he said: Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you do ye even so to them' ? Truth has nothing to fear when left free to combat error.'  I might quote page after page from the found-ers of this Government in proof of the fact that all laws enforcing any religion or any religious dogma are unconstitutional and un-American. " In 1829-30, numerous petitions were sent to the United States Senate and the House of Representatives, asking that so much of the post-office law as permitted the transporta-tion and opening of the mails on Sunday should be repealed. A committee was ap-pointed to look after the matter. That com-mittee made a report to the House of Repre-sentatives, and R. M. Johnson, of Kentucky, chairman of the committee, delivered the report. I quote from that report, as fol-lows: 'Each has hitherto been left to the ex-ercise of his own opinion, and it has been regarded as the proper business of the govern-ment to protect all and determine for none.' Again; If Congress shall, by authority of law, sanction the measure recommended, it would constitute a legislative decision of a reli-gious controversy in which Christians them-selves are at issue.' Again, If the measure recommended should be adopted it would be difficult for human sagacity to foresee how rapid would be the succession, or how numer-ous the train of measures which follOw involv-ing the dearest rights of allŠthe rights of conscience.' Again, The Constitution re-gards the conscience of the Jew as sacred as that of the Christian, and gives no more au-thority to adopt a measure affecting the con-science of a solitary individual than that of a whole community.' " Gentlemen, you see how the Constitution was understood back there. I quote the words of Thomas Jefferson, than whom perhaps a greater statesman never lived: It-is a fact to be deplored, that even in free America the State cannot be contented with confining its punishments to the criminal class, but must enact and enforce laws against some of the most respectable and worthy citizens of the land. After all the examples we have had of the prosecution of noble men like Roger Will-iams, and other Baptists, of the Quakers, Unitarians and infidels, how can Americans again allow the revival of persecution on ac-count of belief ? Is the land so cleared of criminals that the jails would .be lying idle unless they could' be filled with Christians? Or, are the jails intended as altars from which prayers shall daily ascend to God for the pros-perity of the nation and the welfare of its in-habitants? It is a day that should make Americans blush for shame when the most enlightened nation on earth locks Christians in the dirty cells of its jails simply because they obey the words of the Bible as they un-derstand them, and just as they are read from the pulpit of every Christian church in the land.' This seems to have been written for the occasion. No doubt next Thursday, July 4, many speeches will be made proclaiming this the land of the free and the home of the brave.' " Such, indeed, it has been; such it should be to-day. But is it? Is this the land ,ef the free when some of our best citizens (and even his honor, Judge Parks, has declared them to be among the best citizens of the county) are suffering imprisonment for no other offense than simply doing quiet labor on their own premises on Sunday, the first day of the week, after having kept the seventh day according to the plain reading of the Bible in Exodus 20: 8-11? But it is said, We do not object to your keeping Saturday if you will keep Sunday too.' It is well known that la-boring men require six days in a week to live, and it is a very poor live then with most of them, and yet you ask us to live on five days  in the week as a penalty for observing the seventh day. " Gentlemen of the jury, the mountains, the valleys, the tiny grass upon the plain, in fact, our very existence, and all nature, declare there is a God. It is written: God is love.' And God has said in his own Word that the seventh day is the Sabbath, and we cannot pay homage to another day as such; to do so is to lose eternal life. " You who were in the Federal army a few years ago, after having saluted the stars and stripes, suppose you had been asked to salute the rebel flag alsoŁ, would you have done it? Ye sons of the South, while fighting for what you believed to be your rights, had you been asked to salute the Union flag, would you have done it? Yes, perhaps with a volley of lead, not otherwise. Every one of you, as loyal soldiers, would have scbrned the idea. Then, fellow-citizens, I appeal to you, do not ask of us as soldiers of the Cross to pay hom-age to a rival power. Do not ask-us to keep Sunday as the sabbath. We cannot do it. As I have said, it is a matter of life and death with me. " As I look upon your gray hairs, gentlemen of the jury, I am reminded of the fact that only thirty years ago some of you, no doubt, were fighting to liberate some four million slaves from the shackles of slavery. Are you now going to deprive some of your best cit-izens of their rights by putting them in jail, or in the chain-gang, for doing what they believe to be right, when, as you all admit, they have wronged no man in the least? Not a single man has been injured in the least. " Gentlemen of the jury, I plead with you, not so much to shield myself from the clutches of the law, as to shield my country from the inevitable result. If this principle is adopted, no human sagacity can foresee the train of evils that will follow.' If my lying in jail for two years or longer would redeem my country from that spirit of intolerance and re-ligious bigotry which now seems to be gain-ing a foothold in it, I would volunteer to go there. " Gentlemen of the jury, I appeal to you in the name of Tennessee, in the name of Amer-ica; yes, in a name far greater than eitherŠin the name of Jesus ChristŠlet us be free, forever free."* THEIR UNFORTUNATE DILEMMA. [From the Toronto World.] IF those who believe the fourth command-ment is binding upon the people of to-day are capable of exercising their reasoning faculties, we ask them to follow us. This command-ment enjoins us to keep holy the Sabbath day. A Seventh-day Adventist, named Robert Watt, living near Chathanb believes in the commandment, and to the best of his ability he lives up to it. He keeps the Sabbath, or the seventh day, holy, but does not feel called upon to observe Sunday in the same way. May 5 last was a Sunday, and Farmer Watt thought he was committing no sin to haul fence rails on that day. A neighbor, who also believes in, the sanctity of the fourth com-mandment, according to his interpretation of it, secretly laid" an information against Mr. Watt, in consequence of which the latter was arrested and brought before a magistrate. The caseŁ was tried and judgment reserved. But this case is not as bad as that of a Mr. J. Q. Allison, of Dongluville, Ga., who was tried * The jury failed to agree upon a verdict in this case, ' 