AMERICAN SENTINEL: Christianity was introduced into the Roman world in the first century and that it was there in the first and second centuries as really as it ever was at any other time. Pliny, Tacitus, Suetonius, Tragan, Hadrian, and Marcus Aurelius, all give unexceptionable testimony that it was there then. And just as certainly as Christianity was there then, so certainly did it proclaim the divine right of men to worship according to the dictates of their own con-sciences; and that the State has of right nothing what-ever to do with religion. Thus this Christian principle was announced and maintained there then. It has been maintained in the world ever since, and it will always be maintainedin the world. It will always be a Christian principle and nothing else, it matters not who may advocate it. And it is only antichristianity that will ever under any pretext impugn it or deny it. Study the Constitution. IN pointing out the dangers that threaten the people of the United States, a writer of clear discernment speaks of the time when "our country shall repudiate every prin-ciple of its Constitution as a Protestant and Republican Government." The AMERICAN SENTINEL has shown quite fully the repudiation of every Protestant principle that has been accomplished for the country. We have also called at-tention to some things that have been against repub-lican principle. And now we are compelled to notice an immense stride that has been made toward the repudia-tion of republican principle. This is the statement lately made by the Secretary of State, expressing the view of the President of the United States, that the President would not be bound by the action of Congress if that body were to pass a joint resolution. and he veto: it, and then Congress pass it over his veto. This is a clear repudiation of the principle of republican govern-ment. It is true this was said with direct reference to a joint resolution recognizing the independence of Cuba. But that matters nothing. If he can so act upon this point in one matter he can do so in all. The Constitution makes but one exception. Here are the words:Š ' "Every order, resolution or vote to which the con-currence of the Senate and the House of Representatives may be necessary (except on a question of adjournment) shall be presented to the President of the United States; and before the same shall take effect, shall be approved by him, or, being disapproved by, him, shall be repassed by two-thirds of the Senate and House of Representa-tives, according to the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill." And the statement of the Constitution in the case of a bill, is that when repassed by the requisite two-thirds ma-jority over the President's veto, "it shall become a law."  Secretary Olney's statement then is formal noticeto Con-gress and the country that President Cleveland does not consider himself under any obligation to administer any. "law" that does not please him. We know that there is much discussion and difference of opinion as to the "meaning" of the. Constitution on this question that has thus been raised. But we are not,  asking any of the parties to this discussion, what the Constitution means. We know what it says. And we know that those who made it intended it to mean what it says. We know also that the men who framed the Constitution were just as able to say what they meant, as any now are to show what they meant by interpret-ing their language differently from what it says. Even though the Supreme Court were to interpret it differently from what it says, such interpretation should be repudi-ated by the people. For what Abraham Lincoln said is the truth, "The people of these United States are the rightful .masters of both Congresses and Courts: not to overthrow the Constitution, but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution." And there is no way to the Constitution but by ."interpreting" it differ-ently from what it says. Of this statement by the Secretary of State, the Houston (texas) Post, of January 7, well says:Š "When we come right down to the significance of this declaration by Secretary Olney, it is one of the most rev-olutionary ever emanating from the executive branch of the Government, short of the assertion of the right of secession which some of Mr. Buchanan's secretaries made and carried into open warfare. . . . "We have almost a constitutional monarch in our Presidency. Few constitutional rulers possess more real power. The assertion of one or two prerogatives more and we would become dangerously near a dictator-ship. "Many people will declare that such fears are idle and baseless, but history is full of executive encroachments. upon legislative power. With the Republican centralized.  Government idea uppermost in our politics, the old Ham-iltonian theory of a strong central government, which. reduced to its legitimate conclusions, means a strong ex-ecutive, will have been greatly fortified if the President or a cabinet officer is permitted to successfully assert the right to disregard an act of Congress, passed by the constitutional two-thirds majority over the President's. veto." If Republican Government is to be Maintained in this. country, the people of these United States need to read the Constitution of the United States, and think carefully on what it says. -0- Ł -{ EVERY Christian, Mohammedan and Jewish denomi-nation has its own definition, its own analysis, how the Sabbath should be observed in accordance with their particular creed; and if the State allows its Sunday legis-lation to be influenced by the Catholic or Protestant Church, in a State where those denominations are nu-merically the strongest, why should not another. State 