"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 11, 1894. NUMBER 40.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, - - - CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, EDITORS. A. F. BALLENGER, - - ASSISTANT EDITOR, THE Lexow Committee, appointed by the legislature to investigate the Police Department of this city, has resumed work after its summer vacation and astounding revelations of depravity and corruption are being made. FROM top to bottom the government of this city seems to be reeking with corrup-tion. Bribery and extortion have been found everywhere. Perjury is so common that, as a member of the legislative com-mittee expresses it, "the atmosphere is blue with it." THERE may be honest policemen and police judges in this city, but according to the published reports of the doings of the Lexow Committee, they are scarce. Policemen make arbitrary arrests and false charges and police justices, so-called, either wink at these things or shamelessly abet them. "Judgment is turned away backward, and justice standeth afar off : for truth is fallen in the street, and equity cannot enter. Yea, truth faileth ; and he that departeth from evil maketh himself a prey." A MAN was found dead recently in this city, and on his person was found a " prayer for the repose of the soul of Catherine Carr." Following the prayer was the promise thatŠ They who shall repeat this prayer every day, or hear it repeated, or keep it about them, shall never die a sudden death, nor be drowned in water, nor shall they fall into the hands of their enemies, nor be burned in any fire, nor shall be overpowered in battle, nor shall poison take any effect on them, and if you see any one in the fits lay this prayer on his or her right side, and he or she shall stand up and thank you. Believe this for certain which is written here; it is true as the holy evangelists. They who keep it about them shall not fear lightning or thunder, and they that repeat it every darshall have three days' warning before their death. It is in such senseless superstitions that Rome educates her votaries, and it is to  faith in such vanities that Leo XIII., pope, invites "the princes and peoples of the universe." And it is upon such su-perstition that " Protestants " invoke the divine blessing, saying: "God bless the Catholic Church of to-day !" Christ or PeterŠWhich? THE dogma of papal infallibility is, that the pope is " infallible," not by any prom-ise to him himself either as an individual or as an official, but "by the divine as-sistance promised to him in blessed Peter." Therefore, in the study of this sub-ject, it is proper enough to inquire, How do they.find this thing promised to Peter ? and, Was there in fact ever any such thing promised to Peter, or to the pope "in blessed Peter," or in anybody else ? The claim being that this thing is prom-ised to him only "in blessed Peter," it is essential, as we have seen, to make some sort of a connection between the pope and Peter. And, as we have also seen, this essential connection is made when the pope speaks " ex cathedra, that is, ' from the chair' of St. Peter." But if it should turn out that no such thing as infal-libility was ever promised to Peter at all, then it would follow that even the chair of St. Peter cannot supply to the pope the much desired infallibility. The truth is, that this promise of infal-libility to Peter, and, consequently, to the pope, " in blessed Peter," springs from the same law that we have already found to be the source of the " " of the pope, namely : the law that, like pro-duces totally unlike, and out of nothing something comes. It is in fact created by two enormous assumptionsŠfirst, that the Church of Christ " must have a visible head," and secondly, that Peter is that head. The first of these assumptions is thus stated by Cardinal Gibbons :Š Unity of government is not less essential to the Church of Christ than unity of doctrine. Our divine Saviour never speaks of his churches, but of his Church. He does not say: "Upon this rock I will build my churches," but " Upon this rock I will build my Church," from which words we must conclude that it never was his intention to establish or to sanc-tion various conflicting denominations, but one cor-porate body, with all its members united under one visible head ; for as the church is a visible body, it must have a visible head,--Faith of Our Fathers, pp. 24, 25. Upon this leap in logic ; upon this jumped-at conclusion ; upon this sheer assumption, that the Church of Christ "must have a visible head,"Šupon this is built the whole papacy with its claim of infallibility and everything else that it claims to have and to be. But nothing could be more false than the idea that the Church of Christ has or "must have a visible head." Jesus Christ himself is head of the Church ; for it is written : " I would have you know that the head of every man is Christ." And, " Ye are the body of Christ and members in particu-lar." And He "is the head of the body, the Church." The Lord Jesus lived in this world a whole lifetime as man, sub-ject to all the weaknesses and infirmities of a man; for he said of himself, " Of mine own self I can do nothing." And as he said likewise to all men, " Without me ye can do nothing," and likewise of him-self, " Of mine own self I can do noth-ing," it is perfectly plain that in this world he put himself in the place where man is; yet he was led of the Father all the way, for he said, " The Father that dwelleth in me he doeth the works." Thus he did not assert himself, and take of himself, his own way, but he trusted the Father, and was led of him, and was taught of him, as all of us must be who shall be saved by him. He did not of himself follow his own way, but only as he was guided by the Father; that is to say, that the Father was his head all the time that he was in this world as man; and the Father, as that head, was all this time invisible. And this is to show and does show plainly that in showing to man the way that he must take, Jesus Christ lived the Chris-tian life in this world without a visible head. For the Lord Jesus to have asked in this world for a visible head to be his guide, would have been to deny the Father. And for any professed believer in Jesus to ask for a visible head to be his guide, is to deny Jesus Christ. The Christian is to see Him who is invisible. Heb. 11 : 27. The Christian is to look at the things that are not seen. 2 Cor. 4 :18. And the invisible things of God are clearly seen. Rom. 1: 20. So that nothing could more plainly expose the essential earthli-ness and carnality of all the papal con- 