176 A..101r1EnlICA,N S'nNrIDINIML. Vol,. 11, No. 22. NEW YORK, MAY 28, 1896. tar" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. MAY 20, the grand jury of Union County, N. J., found a presentment against the offi-cials of the city of Elizabeth for failure to enforce the Sunday "laws." No particular official is mentioned, but the action of the jury is regarded as a great victory for the Sunday forces. A DISPATCH from Jacksonville, Ill., under date of May 22, says: " The grand jury has returned indictments against the heads of the Illinois College and the Catholic and parochial schools for not having flags on their school buildings. Among those indicted are Bishop Ryan, of the Alton Diocese, and Vice-General Hickey, of Springfield." RELIGIOUS toleration was secured in Mary-land by the Roman Catholic minority for themselves from a " Protestant" governor and legislative assembly, as has been repeat-edly proved in these columns; but the Cath-olic press never tires of boasting how " the church" established religious liberty in that colony. A GOOD deal of comment has been occa-sioned by the fact that Vice-President Steven-son was seen walking arm-in-arm in the Cap-itol at Washington a few days since with Cardinal Satolli. Such an event would be without significance were it not for the fact that the Catholic Church has always and everywhere meddled to a great extent in pol-itics. A DISPATCH from Rome under date of May 15, says that " the Pope has issued an ency-clical letter to the Hungarian episcopate re-garding the celebration of the thousandth anniversary of the founding of the Hungarian kingdom. His Holiness recalls the entente which endured so long between the Church and Hungary, and deplores the recent ' de-parture of Hungary' from that relation. He asks the civil authorities of Hungary to act in accord with the Catholic Church, and beseeches the Hungarian people to follow in the footsteps of their ancestors." IN connection with the recent consecration of the " Right Reverend" Thomas O'Gorman as Bishop of Sioux Falls, S. D., Bishop Keene, of the Catholic University, said:Š The Church recognizes as her own sphere faith and morals; she possesses and claims no mission in civil and political matters. If the Church encroaches upon the sphere of the State we should bid her be away. If the State enters into the sanctuary of conscience. the proper empire of the Church, the appeal is to God, and the State is ordered to hold off its hands. Separation of Church and State, as it is in America, Church and State revolving freely in their separate and distinct spheres, Catholics fall behind none of their fellow-citizens in admiring it and demanding its continuance. The Catholic Church wishes no aid from the State in the preaching of the gospel. But liberty from the State she wishes and clamors for as a sacred and inalienable right, liberty in its fullest gifts under the common law of the land. I am a Catholic, I am a priest and bishop, but I am an American citizen, and I must be debarred from no rights and privileges accorded to other citizens because I am a Catholic; my words betray no fear for the future. This language sounds well, but it must be understood in harmony with other utterances from representative Roman Catholic sources. It is true that the Roman Catholic Church demands liberty for "the church," but it is also a fact that by liberty the Roman Catholic Church always and everywhere means monop-oly for herself. It will not be forgotten by the American people that in one of his latest encyclicals, Pope Leo XIII.. plainly stated that separation of Church and State was not the highest or most desirable condition; and that notwithstanding the fact that " the church" had prospered in America, that prosperity would have been greater had the church " enjoyed the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority." IMPORTANT NOTICE. 0 R readers will be glad to learn that the International Religious Liberty Association, with headquarters formerly at Battle Creek, Mich., has removed to this city. Mr. A. F. Ballenger, formerly of the editorial staff of this paper, has been appointed Cor-responding Secretary, and has taken an office adjoining the editorial room of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. This places the SENTINEL in close touch with the Association, and will, we are sure, add much to the efficiency of both the paper and the Association. All the cor-respondence for the International Religious Liberty Association should hereafter be ad-dressed to 39 Bond St., New York City. ARCHBISHOP IRELAND, one of Rome's lead-ing prelates in this country, in a recent speech directed against the American Protective As-sociation, illustrated the manner in which Rome is accustomed to ignore both history and the intelligence of the American people, by the following utterance: " The liberties, the democracy, the spirit of progress which are the glories of America, are the outcome of the deepest principles of the Catholic Church. Liberty and progress came into the world with her." The intrinsic value of this may be seen. by placing beside it this state-ment from Bancroft's History of the United States, Vol. V., page 295:Š The British gained numerous recruits from immi-grants. Cultivated men of the Romish Church gave hearty support to the cause of independence; but the great mass of its members, who were then but about one in seventy-five of the population of the United States and were chiefly newcomers in the middle States, followed the influence of the Jesuits, in whose  hands the direction of the Catholics of the United States still remained, and who cherished hatred of France for her share in the overthrow of their order. In Philadelphia Howe had been able to form a regi-ment of Roman Catholics. This early opposition of the Catholics to American independence reflects of course much less upon the character of the Catholic people than upon their condition of mental and moral subserviency to the will of their superiors, who were well versed in " the deepest principles of the Catholic Church." The evil work of the Papacy is due not to the character of the mass of its adherents, but to the nature of its principles. A RECENT Constantinople dispatch says that "as a result of the vigorous action of the for-eign ambassadors and ministers, the Porte has ordered that the enforced conversion of Chris-tians to Islamism at Biredjik be stopped. The Sultan has ordered the withdrawal of the local troops at that place and the substitution of regular troops, and has decreed also that a commission proceed at once from Marash to Biredjik to arrange for the rebuilding of the mosque and the Christian church and to re-main there until confidence in future order is completely restored." The fact is that the political difficulties in Armenia have given the Mohammedans an opportunity of venting the hate which they have against all people bearing the name of Christian; and these so-called forced conver-sions to Moslemism would be a common occur-rence not only in Armenia, but wherever the Turks bear rule, were it not for the influence of civilized nations. Ix the Presbyterian General Assembly at Saratoga, on the 22nd inst., Eld. L. P. Main, of Kearney, Neb., introduced a resolution expressing "lack of sympathy with the crim-inal prosecution of those persons who honestly and conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week instead of the first ;" but his motion was tabled. The report on " sabbath observance " was presented by Eld. William R. Worrell, of New York. It denounced all work on Sun-day, various theories of individual liberty, excursions, ball games, bicycle riding, lax views of the " sabbath," social entertainment and the Sunday newspapers. The resolutions which were adopted reaffirmed former deliver-ances as to the perpetual binding obligations of the fourth commandment, and called upon all people to discontinue practices adverse to the strict observance of Sunday! AMERICAN SENTINEL Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact, Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 6 and under 25 copies to one address, 1 year - Mc " 25 and under 50 " " 1 " - 60c " 50 and under 100 " " " 1 " - 55c 100 or more " " 1 " - 50c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - 5s Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 