"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, JANUARY 18, 1894. NUMBER 3.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, New YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS,  CALVIN P. ROLLMAN. , f WILLIAM H. MC KEE. THE Christian Statesman is the only official organ that the National Reform combination has ever had. Ł IN that paper, August 31, 1881, it was announced, in behalf of the National Re-form movement, that they would " gladly accept" the cooperation of Roman Catho-lics "in any form in which they may be willing to exhibit it." LATER, December 11, 1884, the Christian.  Statesman, editorially, announced thatŠ whenever they [the Roman Catholics] are willing to cooperate in resisting the progress of political atheism, we will gladly join hands with them. NOT long afterward Leo XIII.Jssued an encyclical, in which he commanded thatŠ all Catholics should do all in their power to cause the constitutions of States, and legislation, to be mod-eled on the principles of the true church, THE National Reform Association was organized for no other purpose than to have the Constitution and legislation of the United States Government modeled on such principles as would place "all Chris-tian laws, institutions and usages upon an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." It is thus clearly seen that the aims of the National Reform Association, and the aims of the papacy, upon the Constitution and legislation of the United States Government, were iden-tical. Ł Ł IN December, 1888, the National Reform combination secured the aid and alliance of the American Sabbath Union. At that time " Rev." Wilbur F. Crafts was prac-tically the American Sabbath Union, and the American Sabbath Union was he; and thus it continued for more than a year. But during that year, by the diligent agency of Mr. Crafts, the long desired cooperation of the Roman Catholics with the National Reform combination, was secured. ON the first day of December, 1888, Mr. Crafts wrote a personal letter to Cardinal Gibbons, asking his support to the demand which was then being made upon Con-gress for a national Sunday law. Decem-ber 4, the cardinal replied, announcing himself as "most happy" to add his name to those of others who were "laud-ably contending against the violation of the Christian Sabbath," etc. And Decem-ber 13, 1888, on this letter Mr. Crafts pre-sented before a United States Senate com-mittee " Roman Catholics represented by letter of Cardinal Gibbons appended, 7,200,000."ŠSenate, Mis. Doc. No. 43, Fif-tieth Congress, 2nd Session, p. 18, DURING the autumn of 1888, Mr. Crafts had been especially active in getting the Knights of Labor, under the leadership of Mr. Powderly, to indorse the demand for a national Sunday law. He became so enthusiastic in this matter that at the general assembly of the Knights of Labor, at Indianapolis, in November, 1888, he let himself out in this fashion :Š Having carefully read and re-read your " declaration of principles " and your " constitution," and having watched with interest the brave yet conservative shots of your Powderly at intemperance and other great evils, I have found myself so closely in accord with you that I have almost decided to become a Knight of Labor myself. If I do not, it will be only because I believe I can advance your principles better as an outside ally.ŠJournal of United Labor, Nov. 29, 1888. This effort was continued through 1889, and later. Ł IN November, 1889, the first "Congress of Catholic Laymen of the United States" was held in Baltimore, " to celebrate the one hundredth anniversary of the estab-lishment of the American hierarchy." Either during this congress or only shortly before, Mr. Crafts held a "correspond-ence and conference" with the managers of the congress to secure the cooperation of Catholics with " Protestants" for Sun-day observance by law. Accordingly, a paper was read in the congress by the editor of the Catholic' Universe, of Cleve-land, Ohio, in which it was said:Š What we should seek is an en rapport with the Protestant Christians who desire to keep Sunday holy. . Ł We can bring the Protestant masses over to the reverent moderation of the Catholic Sunday. And when the platform was announced and enthusiastically adopted, which ex- pressed the results of the congress, one of the " planks " that was " received with the greatest demonstrations" of approval, and which, with the rest, was adopted " without discussion " and " without a dissenting voice," was the following, which we give in full:Š There are many Christian issues to which Catholics could come together with non-Catholics, and shape civil legislation for the public weal. In spite of rebuff and injustice and overlooking zealotry, we should seek alliance with non-Catholics for proper Sunday observ-ance. Without going over to the Judaic Sabbath, we can bring the masses over to the moderation of the Christian Sunday. Immediately following this Mr. Crafts announced in a public and printed address, with satisfaction, thatŠ the National Lay Congress of Roman Catholics, after correspondence and conference with the American Sabbath Union, passed its famous resolution in favor of cooperation with Protestants in Sabbath reform. . . . This does not mean that the millennium is to be built in a day. This is only a proposal of court-ship; and the parties thus far have approached each other shyly. And when it is borne in mind that at that time Mr. Crafts himself was for all practical purposes, the American Sabbath Union, its meaning becomes more pointed for our present purpose, which will be seen presently. THE National Reform American Sabbath Union Roman Catholic combination suc-ceeded in 1892 in drawing the National Government into the governmental estab-lishment of the Catholic Sunday, " the Christian Sabbath," out of respect for the " Christian religion " and for " the salva-tion of this nation." The aim of Leo XIII. to have "the constitutions of States and legislation modeled on the principles of the true church," having thus been accom-plished, Satolli was immediately sent over and permanently established here as the pope's personal representative, to person-ally superintend the further progress of the Government in the way of " the prin-ciples of the true church." And now, seeing and knowing the meaning of Sa-tolli's permanent official and officious pres-ence here, Mr. Crafts, who, as editor of the Christian Statesman, now represents the whole National Reform combination on its " Protestant " side, having done all this and still going on doing all he can in the same lineŠhe now curiously and in- 