168 Eg3TiN9L'ENIME..4 VoL. 11, No. 21. NEW YORK, MAY 21, 1896. tar ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. A COMMUNICATION received May 6 from Mr. C. D. Wright, a Seventh-day Adventist, living in Walnut Ridge, Ark., states that one of his neighborsŠan influential man and prominent church memberŠhad gone to town threatening him with arrest for Sunday work. Consequently Mr. Wright was in hourly ex-pectation of being taken into custody by the sheriff. THE article published in this number, "God in the Constitution," is of unusual length, but we do not believe that it will be passed over by any who begin reading it. It is worthy not only of careful perusal, but of study, showing, as it does, that opposition to the so-called Christian amendment is perfectly con-sistent with the highest reverence for the divine attributes. THE Christian Christian Statesman, of April 25, says that Jesus Christ " has heard our prayers for pardon as a nation, and has saved us by his death on Calvary from the just consequences of our national sin." But the Scripture says that " God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believ-eth in him should not perish, but have ever-lasting life." John 3:16. This means in-dividuals, not governments. TIIE Christian Statesman, of May 2, 1896, says: " To plead for liberty, so far as the civil law is concerned, to play base ball on the Lord's day, because that is a matter of religion or irreligion, is worse than to plead for Mormon liberty as a matter of religious conviction to violate the seventh command-ment with the abominations of polygamy." This has the ring of genuine Puritanism, which counted almost no crime as quite so bad as indulgence in worldly recreation on Sunday. WE print on another page a letter from Mr. Simpson, the Adventist minister imprisoned in Chatham jail, Ontario, for quiet Sunday work that interfered with nobody. This man was locked in his cell all day Sabbath, May 9, because he refused to chop, wood. He is required to wear the striped clothes of a con-vict, and is limited to a diet of dry bread be-cause he is unable to eat the miserable skilly prepared for the prisoners. The same day that Mr. Simpson was kept in his cell as a punishment for refusing to break the fourth commandment, a constable went to the meeting-place of the Adventists  for the purpose of arresting Mr. Howe, an-other Seventh-day Adventist minister, who he supposed was to preach there that day. We do not understand that any of these men have made any effort to keep away from the au-thorities; they have simply gone about their business as ministers, and have not felt under obligation to go out of their way for the sake of being locked up. These things are done in the 19th century and not in the 15th or 16th, though they sound amazingly like rec-ords of the doings of the officers of " justice" in those days. The picture on page 163 shows the prison in which Mr. Simpson is confined, and which will shortly be the home of one or both of his brother ministers, convicted at the same time that he was of the, heinous(?) offense of doing some preliminary work on Sunday toward laying the foundation of a new church, late last fall. THE Supreme Court of Georgia has rendered a decision in the cases of Messrs. McCutchen and Keck, Seventh-day Adventists, arrested in Gainesville on Nov. 19, 1893, for doing work on Sunday. They were tried before the mayor of the city, on the charge of violating a city ordinance, and by him adjudged to be guilty and sentenced to pay fines of fifty dol-lars each, with costs, or work ninety days on the streets. The Supreme Court has now reversed the decision, holding that a city ordinance for-bidding disorderly actions and "unnecessary noise within the corporate limits, . . cal-culated to disturb the peace, quiet or good order of the city," was not violated by the quiet work done inside a building by Messrs. McCutchen and Keck on the day of their ar-rest, or by the mental disturbance caused in'  some minds by a knowledge of the fact that the work was being done; also holding that the mayor had exceeded his authority in try-ing/ the cases, he having power only to hear and commit to the city court cases for trial. The decision therefore does not touch the question of the rightfulness of Sunday labor; but doubtless it is not less welcome to the defendants. COMMITTEE No. 3, "Sabbath" Observance, Brodhead Link, Civic Association, have given notice through the local papers of that place of its purpose to strictly enforce Section 4595 of the Wisconsin Sunday " law," which is as follows:Š Any person who shall keep open his store, ware-house or workhouse, or shall do any manner of labor, business or work, except only works of necessity and charity, or be present at any dancing or public diver-sion, show or entertainment, or take part in any sport, game or play, on the first day of the week commonly known as Sunday, shall be punished by fine not ex-ceeding $10; and such day shall be understood to include the time between the midnight preceding and the midnight following the said day, and no civil proceeding shall be served or executed on said day. Of course, as is usual in such cases, the motive of the so-called Civic AssOoiaitten is  purely benevolent! It would not interfere with any religious liberty for the world! ! It only proposes that the people shall keep Sun-day for their health, and incidentally for the benefit of the churches and especially of the contribution baskets. " THE Political Situation in Colombia" will be read with interest by all. It is apropos of the effort now being made in this country to " put God into the Constitution," and shows how the official recognition of religion must necessarily be so interpreted as to put polit-ical power in the hands, if not of a church, at least of a church party. The Roman Catholic Church is not the of-ficial church of Colombia, but as the repre-sentative of Christianity, that church is guarded and protected as the conservator of social order. In our own country the National Reformers have declared that when the relig-ious amendment shall have been adopted, the church will interpret the Scriptures, which will then be the fundamental law of the land, and the government must respect that inter-pretation. The situation will then be practi-cally what it is to-day in Colombia. This fact gives special point and interest to this article. THE Supreme Court of Illinois on May 12 passed upon the validity of the " Cody law" of Illinois, which prohibited barbers in that State from exercising their vocation on Sun-day. The court declared the " law " to be contrary to the Constitution of the United States and also to that of the State of Illinois, inasmuch as it sought to deprive a class of citizens of their property (in the form of their labor) without due process of law. The court also held that this " law " " is not cal-culated to promote the health, comfort, safety, and welfare of society, and hence cannot be regarded as an exercise of the police powers of the State." This decision places Illinois in line with California and Missouri in respect to this form of Sunday legislation. THE most radical, far-reaching and openly religions Sunday bill ever yet before Con-gress was introduced into the Senate of the United States on the 13th inst. by Mr. Kyle, " by request." The bill is quite long, and was received by us too late for publication this week. We will print it next week with ap-propriate comment. The terms " Lord's day " and " religious observance," " relig-ions worship," etc., are freely used in this bill, and but little attempt is made to disguise its real character. AMERICAN SENTINEL.  Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Mingle copy, per year, - - - 81.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 