THE _AMERICAN SENTINEL.  151 grows with the growth of the population. The complaints are, not of the absence of religious instruction, but that the secular education is not afforded to all and is not What it should be. The public schools are maintained simply to protect the State against the . evils of illiteracy,  Its citizens should know how to read and write. They are for -no religious purpose whatsoever. The churches, maintained by voluntary contri-butions, must look after the matter of re-ligion, each in its own way, and according to its own conscience and its own dogmas. 7-New York &wt. Every subject's duty is the icing's; but every sub-ject's soul is his awn. The Baptists of Canada on Religion and the State. THERE is just now in -Canada, consider-able agitation of the same questions that are fast becoming so prominent in the United States, namely, the union of Church and State, Sunday laws, and re-ligion in the public schools. On the queStion of religion and the public schools, as well as on that of the total separation between Church and State in everything, the following petition of the Baptists of Ontario and Quebec, is of in-terest. We wish the Baptists of the United States were as outspoken on these questions as are those Of Canada. We know that ,in this country there are in-dividual, Baptists who have as clearly defined views on these questions, and as Much readiness to express them, as the Baptists of Ontario and Quebec have shown themselves to have; but we have .not yet heard of a single Baptist Associa-tion in the United States, which as a body has taken such a position. We should be glad to learn of scores of them. This report is taken from the Canadian Baptist To die Honorable the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Ontario. The petition of the Baptist Convention of Ontario and Quebec humbly showeth :- 1. That the denomination of Christians called Baptists stands historically identified with, and has always been foremost in, maintaining certain principles touching civil and religious rights, which may be summarized as follows := That the State is a political corporation simply; that freedom of religious opinion and worship is inherently a- vested right of the individual con science, and not a grant from the State; that par-liament may not prescribe any form of religious belief or worship, nor may it tax in any form any citizens for the support or teaching of religion. 2. That in harmony with these principles the following resolution was passed at the annual meet-ing of your petitioners, held in the city of Ottawa, in the month of October last: Moved by Rev. R. G. Boville, M. A., seconded by Rev. J. Dempsey, that,Ñ Whereas, The historic belief of the Baptist Church has always been that Church and,  State should be separate, and that all citizens and denominations should be equal in every way before the law; and,Ñ W7tereas, Said principle is being violated in all ecelesiastiaal exemptions, whether in favor of Bap-tists or of other denominations: in the continuance of the mediaeval,  tithing system of the Roman Catholic denomination in Quebec; in the existence pf separate sohools supported out of public rates;  in State provision for religious instruction in public schools; and in public grants for denominational purposes, as well 'as in other respects; therefore,Ñ Resolved, That we hereby declare our conviction that the only permanent and sufficient remedy for these evils that are subversive of the principles of Religious Liberty and equality, and therefore a hindrance in the development of our national life, is the absolute and final separation of Church and State, and the revision of our constitution in har-mony with the same.ÑCarried. 3. Believing that in all regards in which the State violates the principles above summarized, it transcends its rightful power and unjustly infringes on individual rights ; and believing further, that nothing short of the thorough and consistent appli-cation of these principles throughout the whole Dominion will produce harmony and secure the welfare of the people of Canada, your petitioners prayÑ That your Honorable Body may be pleased to speedily adopt measures,- 1. To absolutely abolish all exemption of eccle-siastical property and persons from, their due share of municipal taxes and burdens.  ¥ 2. To effectually prevent the making of gifts or' grants from the public funds to denominational institutions or purposes, whether charitable, educa-tional, or otherwise. 3. To abolish all laws providing for the imparting of religious instruction in the public schools. 4. To bring about the entire abolition of separate denominational schools supported by rates levied by process of law. And your petitioners as in duty bound will ever pray. Witness the hands of the President and Secretary of your petitioners, subscribed at Toronto this 17th day of March, A. Dã 1890: (Signed) D. E. THOMSON, President. (Signed) JAMES GRANT, Secretary. The spirit of republican institutions casts out and rejects as an extraneous and foreign, and ruin-ous element in its civilization, any preference by law to one set of religious opinions, to one system of religious teachings, over another. Orthodox Presbyterianism. WE here present an extract from the speech of Hon. Stanley Matthews in the Cincinnati case of the Bible in the schools. In these times when Presbyterian Synods and Presbyterian papers are demanding that the State shall teach religion, and denouncing Supreme Court decisions to the contrary, it is important that tho pub-lic, as well as the Presbyterians them-selves, should know just what is orthodox Presbyterianism on this question. Mr. Matthews said :Ñ I wish, partly as a personal gratification to myself, and partly for the sound and wholesome truth conveyed in sound and wholesome words, which it contains, to read to your Honors a part of the confes-sion of the church to which I belong, on the duties and functions of the civil mag-istrate. The Westminster Confession of Faith, chapter xxiii, section 3, says Civil magistrates may not assume to themselves the administration of the word and sacraments, or the power of the keys of the kingdom of heaven, or in the least interfere in the matters of faith. Yet, as nursing fathers, it is the duty of civil mag-istrates to protect the church of our common Lord without giving the preference to any denomina-tion of Christians above the rest, in such manner that all ecclesiastical persons whatever shall enjoy the full, free and unquestioned liberty of discharg-ing every part of their sacred functions, without violence or danger. And as Jesus Christ hath ap-pointed a regular government and discipline in his church, no law of any commonwealth should inter- fere.  with, let or hinder the due exercise thereof among the voluntary members of any denomina-tion of Christians, according to their own profes-sion and belief. It is the duty of civil magistrates to protect the person and good name of all their people in such an effectual manner as that no person be suffered, either upon pretense of religion or infidel-ity, to offer any indignity, violence, abuse or injury to any other person whatsoever; and to take order that all religious and ecclesiastical assemblies be held without molestation or disturbance. Thus, may it please your Honors, am I taught by my own churchÑa church which teaches elsewhere in the same confession that " God alone is lord of the conscience" Ñand which here plainly defines and de-clares its own rights and the rights of the whole Christian Church, and the limits of the civil power in respect of them; and in so doing denies to the civil magistrate any assumed right in the administration of the word, which means neither more nor less, than, any part or lot in instructing in re-ligionÑdenies his right, tin the least, to in-terfere in matters of faith, which he at-tempts to exert when, by law, he decrees that a particular version or translation of the Bible shall be publicly read, as part of a system of religious worship and instruc-tion, by and to particular persons, at stated times and places, thereby implicitly sitting in judgment upon the questions relating to its inspiration, its canonical character, the accuracy of its translation, its character and claims as the word of God, and opening the way, if such a power is admitted, for a further. claim, to expound, interpret and teach by author-ity its true meaning; denies his right to give the preference to any denomination of Christians above the rest, a right which is clearly exercised where the State authori-ties, school boards or courts of law imper-atively ordain a form of religious devotion to be practiced, or a mode of religious in-struction to be adopted, in the public and common schools, which the consciences of any Christian denomination prevent them from attending, supporting or counte- nancing; declares the right of every de-nomination of Christians, to exercise its discipline and government ecclesiastically, among its voluntary members, according to their own profession and belief, without let, hindrance or interference with, by the law of any commonwealth. . . . . But this noble article of the Westmin-ster Confession of Faith goes one step far-ther, in its vindication of the rights of conscience against the power of the civil magistrate. It recognizes and throws the mantle of its protection, not merely over rights which it claims for those whom it regards as peculiarly its ownÑthe confes-sors, of its own faithÑbut -concedes the same to all others, even to those who deny, not only its own confession, but the very faith itselfÑeven infidels; for it maintains it to be the duty of civil Government equally to protect and defend all the peo-¥ ple, both. in person and good name, and so effectually, that no person be suffered to offer any indignity, violence, abuse or in-jury to any other person whatsoever, either upon pretense of religion or infidelity ! In other words it is not orthodox Pres-byterianism in this country, to deny to an infidel the same civil rights that belong to a saint. 