394 THE AMERICAN,. SENTINEL. have won favor in the very quarter where it would naturally be supposed there would be".the least possible hope of it. That' is amongst the Liberal Leagues, Even` the the American Secular Union acknoWledged.. itself ready to sanction " SundaY laws en-  forcing the observance of ..Sunday" as " an economic " institution-74 which Mr. Crafts laughs slyly in his sleeve and,  re-plies to the Secular Union that there are even now no Sianday laws, of any other kind, and that they do not want any other. But when they get the Sunday laws which they do want, and the enforcement of the Sunday laws which already exist as they want them enforced, then the Secular Union and everybody else will find out that there 'are no economic reasons for Sunday laws, nor any other than religious reasons. Then the people who have allowed them-selves to be wheedled with the purring notes of the " civil Sabbath song," will find that they have sold themselves to the des-potism of a religious Sunday. They will then also know that which we have always said, and still do say, that the pretensions of ecclesiaStics who grasp for civil power can never be trusted. There never was a Sunday law made that was not religious ; and there is not one now on the statute books of any State in the American Nation that is not relig-ious and that was not intended to be relig-ious when it was put there. We know full well that in some cases judges have said that these laws are civil, and that they are not religious; but not only is this not, true, but every judge who has ever said it has clearly violated one-of the funda-mental principles of the interpretation' of law.= That principle is, that, the mean-ing of a statute is fixed when it is adopted and it is not different at a subsequent, time when a court has occasion to pass upon it. A statute is not to be made to mean one thing at one time and another at some sub-Ł sequent time when the circumstances may have so changed as perhaps to make a dif-ferent rule in a case seem desirable. The foundation, the meaning and the in-tent of every Sunday law that has ever been_ enacted has been, at the time of its enactment, religious and religious only. And now when the progress. of the Ameri-can people under the enlightening influ-ences of the national Constitution has car-ried them beyond any recognition of laws enforcing religious observances, judges on the bench endeavor to subject to a religious statute, the free spirit of the American people by making these statutes civil, and reading into them a meaning that-is not there, that was not intended to be there when the statutes were made, and that never can truthfully be put there. Civil Sunday laws are judge-made laws, and that only, and that in direct viola-tion of one of the soundest principles of jurisprudence. Even though every judge in the United States should say that SUn-day laws are civil only, it would not be  true. It would not be tilie 0len.ithough the laWs in question.were enacted With that intent. But it is doubly false when every One of these laws is not only religious in itself, but was enacted with religious in-fent. There, is no such a thing As a civil Sabbath. Sunday laws never ,enferce the observance of Sunday as -an economic institution, nor can Sunday laws be justi-fied by:physiological, secular_or any other reasons. They are a connecting link in the union of Church and. State. They are re-ligious only and are the relics of the relig-ious despotism that is in the past, and at the same time are ominous signs of the one to come. A. T. J. Religion in the Public Schools. A CONFERENCE, which was held in this city, of ministers from twenty-three ec-clesiastical bodies called by the Presby-terian.  Synod to consider the necessity of introducing moral instruction, into the public schools, revealed about as many different views as there were speakers. Of course, nothing is settled by such a dis-cussion; certainly the public school system of the State is not likely to undergo any material change as a result of the Con-ference. It serves, though, a useful pur-pose in classifying ideas and stimulating thought; while from the general course of the discussion we may learn what to accept and. what to reject. Perhaps the most elaborate address was delivered by Mr. Wm. Allen Butler, who argued for the absolute divorce of the Church and State, and the freedom of religious 'opinion and worship as funda-mental ideas in our system of constitu-tional Government as embodied in the Constitution of this State. So far, well. But when our speaker declares that "the legal status of the public schools in this State includes the existing and control-ling power of the Christian religion," and further, that " the Constitution and law of this State authorize religious," but not as he says, "doctrinal teaching in the public schools," we cannot accept the state-ment. It is true that by general consent the Bible was for a long time, yet is, and may continue to be, read in the public schools. There is no objection to this when read by general consent. But.  on the other hand, as the Code of Public Instruction in this State saysi  " there is no authority in the law to use as a matter of right any portion of the regular school-hours in conducting any religious exer-cises at which the attendance of the schol-ars is made compulsory;" and again says the Code, "Neither the common school system nor any other social system can be maintained unless the conscientious views of all are respected." In such' utterances and. others that might be quoted the legal status of the public schools in this State is shown to be different from that stated by Mr. Butler. Ł Ł Ł We cannot as -a people too strongly insist that religion in the public schools shall not be taught against the opposition of those who support the sChools. We indeed hear not a; littleŠand_ the plea went in the Conference"- about :teaching "non-sectarian ChriStianW_ŁAs being the com-mon law Of the ,land. Touching . this we remark, first, there is ,no .such thing as non-sectarian Christianity; and secondly Christianity is not the _ common law of the land. As to the first, reading a Protestant version of the Bible is sectarian as against the Donay or Roman Catholic version. As to the second, even in England,whence the common-law theory is derived and ap-plied to this country by its advocates, Lord Coke declared "the common law adapted itself to the religion of the country just so far as was necessary for the peace and safety of civil institutions, and only where by their inevitable effects they became offenses against man and his temporal security. In like tenor was the decision of the Massachusetts Supreme Court [Com-monwealth vs. Kneeland] ; of Justice Clayton of Delaware [State vs. Chandler] ; while the Supreme Court of Ohio [Bloom vs. Richards], declares, " Neither Chris-tianity nor any other system of religion is a part of the law of this State." We could quote at greater length but have not the .space. To conclude : We have religion, but the State may not teach it. . . . We must keep our public schools as they areŠthat is, keep them from sectarian teaching. In this way alone will the State preserve the school against the assaults of the Roman Catholics who would dises-tablish the system if they could. It will be an evil day for the State that sees the downfall of the public school system through the machinations of the Roman Catholics, and that is the way its down-fall will be compassed, if, indeed, it ever is, which God forbid.ŠChristian at Work. Troublesome Questions. A REVEREND gentleman in a Western town, discussing the question of religious instruction in the public schools, plaint- ively asks:Š Suppose -some little boy reads a paragraph about the star oof Bethlehem; he raises his little hand and inquires of the teacher, "What is the star of Beth-lehem " Is the teacher to answer that the enemies of Protestant Christianity have removed that star from heaven ? Certainly not. To say that anybody has removed the star of Bethlehem from heaven would be a falsehood, and no teacher would be justified in lying, to his pupils, In such a case the teacher should refer the pupil to his parents or guardian for the desired information. But let us 'carry the supposition a little further : Ł Suppose the. Bible is used in the school and some little boy reads Mark 16: 16, and asks, " What is baptism 1P,  Shall the. teacher undertake to instruct 