NOVEMBER 1, 1894. gRINTILInNiEr 341 it is to me, by no means surprising, that he should so far mistake the nature of that observance which the Christian reli-gion demands to its institutes. And still less strange that the leading members of the Middletown club should wish to pro-mulgate his sentiments.ŠCan didus (Alex-ander Campbell), in Washington (Pa.) Reporter, January 12, 1821. Roman Catholics and Liberty of Con-science. WHAT government has ever existed which has recognized freedom of religious belief and worship while submissive to the authority of the papacy ? In all his-tory there is no account of any such. Wheresoever it has been done, the popes have considered it an act of disobedience to them, and dealt with it accordingly. In all the forms of bulls and briefs, they have condemned and denounced it as heresy. Pius IX. has done so in his Syl-labus and other official papers. When the Austrian government, in 1855, abol-ished the Concordat, allowing liberty for all opinionsŠliberty of the press, of faith, and of instruction in the schoolsŠhe char-acterized the act as inimical to the church, as " in flagrant contradiction with the doctrines of the Catholic religion;" and, by virtue of power which he claimed to have derived directly from Christ, he de--clared all the acts and decrees in that re-spect " null and powerless in themselves and in their effect, both as regards the present and the future." And he threat-ened all engaged in their execution with the censures of the church and with ex-communication.' These threats have been executed by the proclamation of excom-munication, in 1869, of all heretics, " what-ever their name, and to what sect soever belonging, and those who believe in them, and their receivers, promoters and defend-ers;" so that the pontifical curse is now resting upon all the institutions 'of Prot-estantism, and upon all liberal and toler-ant opinions, wheresoever they are to be found in the world. When, therefore, we talk about what the Church of Rome teaches and allows in reference to freedom of religion, of the press, and of speech, such as is secured by the Constitution of the United States, we must look, not to what is done and said by exceptional individuals, or even by communities of liberal tendencies, but to the pope alone. He is the church, and absorbs in himself whatsoever power it possesses, in all its height, depth, length, and breadth. The pen of inspiration has instructed us that " God is not a man," but the pope tells us that he, of all the earth, possesses the attributes of God, and must therefore prescribe the faith, reward the faithful, and punish the disobedient. THE FOUNDATION OF THE PAPAL CLAIM. There are two memorable events in his-tory which are sometimes referred to by defenders of the papacy to show that such accusations as the foregoing are unjust and unmerited : the granting of Magna Charta; and the introduction of religious liberty into the colony of Maryland. If this defense were designed only to show that there had been, and yet existed, num-bers of Roman Catholics who approved 1  See the pope's allocution, delivered June 2nd. 1855, in con-sistory at Rome, Appletons' " Annual Cyclopedia " for 1868, pp. 675, 676. 2  lb., for 1869, p. 619. the principles involved in these great measures, it would be perfectly legitimate, and nobody could object, for that is an undoubted fact. But it is not so limited. On the other hand, it is placed to the credit of the papacy, which is not in any sense entitled to it. As to Magna Charta, the barons of England incurred the dis-pleasure of Pope Innocent III. for extort-ing it from King John, and he excommu-nicated them for doing so; and released the king from his sworn obligation to ob-serve it, as he also did several of his suc-cessors. We have seen the direct con-flict between the principles it expressed and those which pertain to the papal sys-tem. The other inquiryŠwhether the papacy is entitled to any credit for reli-gious toleration in MarylandŠcomes more directly home to the people of the United States; which makes the investigation of it of more immediate concern to us. The colony of Virginia was settled under several royal charters. That which erected it into " a corporation and body politic " was dated May 23rd, 1609, and was granted by James I. The district of country in-cluded within the colonial limits extended " from sea to sea, west and northwest," and included all of what afterward became the colony, and is now the State, of Mary-land. One of the purposes expressed in this charter was " the conversion and re-duction of the people in those parts unto the true worship of God and Christian religion." And inasmuch as the true worship was at that time in England con-sidered to be that provided by the Estab-lished Church, in opposition to that of Rome, King James further said, " We should be loath that any person should be permitted to pass that we suspected to affect the superstitions of the Church of Rome." It required also that the English oath of supremacy should be taken by all the colonists. By these provisions of the charter, therefore, Roman Catholics were positively prohibited from settling in any part of the colony. Other and subsequent provisions were designed to enforce this exclusion. By royal instructions issued to the governor in 1621, the colony was required " to keep up the religion of the Church of England as near as may be." In obedience to these instructions, the General Assembly of VirginiaŠthe first that ever met in the United StatesŠenacted a law providing " that there be uniformity'in our church as neere as may be to the canons in England, both in sub-stance and circumstance; and that all per-sons yield roadie obedience unto them under paine of censure." This was also repeated in 1629 -and 1631, before the charter to colonize Maryland had been granted to Lord Baltimore.' THE COLONISTS ANTAGONIZE THE KING. The condition of things existing in the colony of Virginia was not at all satisfac-tory to the king. The first legislative assembly had met at Jamestown in 1619, each borough sending a representative. The impulse given to popular freedom by this means excited his apprehension that the monarchical principles he desired to plant in the New World might be endan-gered. He manifestly feared that if the right of representation in the Colonial Legislature were granted to the people, it would, in the end, result in organizing a formidable opposition to his own author-ity. And being a monarchist in the strict- 3  " Henning's [Virginia] Statutes at Large," vol. 1, pp. 97, 98, 114, 123, 149, 155. est sense, he therefore resolved at once to bring the colonists into complete subjuga-tion. For this purpose he resorted to sev-eral wrongful and oppressive measures. He commanded that a number of felons, unfit to remain in England, should be transported to the colony; and also made the most grinding exactions upon the  people in order to draw off their wealth, and thereby to supply his own treasury. This injustice, which violated the char-tered rights of the colonists, they could not endure without remonstrance; and when they did undertake to set forth their grievances, and to appeal to the settled principles of the law of England for pro-tection, they were regarded as seditious. This furnished a pretext, in 1622, for an attempt to destroy the charter. The first step to this end was to establish in Eng-land the entire governing power of the colony, and thus deprive the people of all agency in making their own laws and managing their own affairs, which was secured to them in the charter as pertain-ing to "the privileges, franchises, liber-ties, and immunities " which belonged to all Englishmen. This scheme of govern-ment, as a substitute for the charter, was laid before the colonists, who were told that if they did not accept it, they would be crushed by the power of the king. Not at all intimidated by this threat, they rejected the proposition with indignation, being resolved to cling to their chartered rights. The king, therefore, found it nec-essary to resort to a more direct measure. He caused a writ of quo warranto to be issued from the Court of King's Bench in England to declare the charter forfeited. The colonists could not, of course, make any successful defense to this, for the king could easily find the means, in those days, to bring the judges over to the royal side if they were otherwise inclined. The English law gave the court no jurisdiction over the whole body of colonists, and they rightfully decided to treat whatever judg-ment should be pronounced against them as null and void. The judgment of for-feiture was arbitrarily rendered in 1625, just before the death of King James, but no steps were taken toward its execution before that event. Charles I., who suc-ceeded him, took up the matter where his father had left it, and in one of his proc-lamations assigned all the misfortunes in the colony to what he called " corporate democracy." His principal effort, there-fore, was to destroy entirely the represen-tative form of government inaugurated in 1619. To this end he appointed a gov-ernor and council with powers as royal as he himself possessed. But the people were determined not to give up their Gen-eral Assembly, and it continued to meet at regular periods, passing such laws as we have seen, in strict conformity to those of England. They cherished the rights of Englishmen too fervently to surrender them at the mere dictation of the royal power, or in obedience to the illegal judg-ment of a court subservient to it. WHY A CHARTER WAS GRANTED TO LORD BALTIMORE. In 1628, Lord Baltimore visited Vir-ginia. This nobleman was a monarchist both from inclination and education. He was so devoted to the interests of the king as to have become a special favorite of both James I. and Charles I. He had many excellent and ennobling qualities, which made him exceedingly popular. In 1624Šonly four years beforeŠhe had be- 