THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 425 But this conclusion as to how we must judge of what Christianity really is, is utterly illogical. The Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States must be judged not by the words and acts of the advocates of military imperialism, even though they should in the end be fully sustained by a majority of the people and by the Supreme Court, but by the evident and expressed intentions of the authors of those great charters of American liberty. So, Christianity is not Roman nor Greek Catholicism, nor even Protestantism, or yet MethodismŠit is what our Lord Jesus Christ did and taught ; and all the world can never make it anything short of that. B. No Salvage On Lives. (From the Chicago Journal.) Thomas Hood told the truth when he said that bread was dear and flesh and blood cheap. The New York tug captains put it in another way when they refused to devote themselves to rescuing perishing creatures on the burning steamships at Hoboken. "There is no salvage on lives," they exclaimed, and worked with mercenary enthusiasm toward saving merchandise while hundreds of people burned or drowned almost within arm's length. It is not pessimism, but plain truth, to say that the episode was largely characteristic of the materialism which pervades our so-called advanced civilization. Under the thin veneer of education and religion the primeval man still exists. The struggle for existence no longer takes the form of murderous combats over food. It is a competition for food's equivalentŠmoney. And no skin-clad, cave-dwelling men of the stone age ever fought more des-perately over the carcass of a goat than do their en-lightened descendants over the pile of money which represents the necessities and comforts of life. Fortunately the battles of today are usuallyŠthough not alwaysŠintellectual rather than physical. The modern troglodyte does not attack his neighbor with a club and wrest from him the spoils of the chase. His weapons are cunning, dissimulation and legal ma-chinery. But on occasion, as we have seen exemplified at Hoboken, the prehistoric man, breaking through his veneer, shows his contempt for human life as com-pared with material considerations. He harks back to the stone age and hunts his dinner at the cost of his neighbor's life. "There is no salvage on lives." A fire engine will run over and kill or maim people in its haste to save not life, but property. Firemen themselves sacrifice their lives that piles of brick and stones filled with mer-chandise may not burn. Firemen can be replaced with- out cost. Buildings and merchandise are expensive. It is so in all the activities of human life. Men are cheap ; there is no salvage on them. The New York tug captains merely declared with brutal bluntness what is exemplified in one form or another a thousand times a day in every city in every land under the sun. The Army Worm. (From the Chicago Chronicle.) Dispatches from various parts of the country indi-cate a reappearance of the army worm. It is feared that serious injury to the crops may follow. Serious injury to the crops always follows the army worm. The larger the army, the more serious the danger to the crops. It was the army worm that de-stroyed the Greek republics. It consumed all the crops, leaving too little food for the people who raised the crops. The army and the army worm maintained inces-sant trouble in the Roman empire, the army precipitat-ing frequent revolutions to eject unpopular rulers and enthrone pets of the army, the army worm consuming the substance of the common people. Sometimes a variety of the army worm is devel-oped in politics and ravages the moral fiber of a na-tion. It was the army worm that instigated Louis Na-poleon to betray France into a conflict with Germany. It is the army worm that maintains cruel taxes upon the industry of Italy, menacing the kingdom with an-archy and the people with poverty beyond endurance. It is the army worm that has brought on the gi-gantic famine of India. To maintain the imperial gar-risons and the native troops the people have been taxed to death and have not enough money left to buy the necessaries of life where obtainable. It is the army worm that has begun eating the vitals of China. Her millions can easily be mobilized into army pests to prey upon the peaceful vocations of the industrious until the empire will be ready to fall to pieces from army worm exhaustion. It is well to be on our own guard against the army worm. Prof. Isaac T. Headland, of Pekin University, China, says the present Boxer uprising began with trouble between the natives and Roman Catholic con-verts. The Catholics having the aid of priests learned in Chinese law, usually got the better of their antag-onists before the authorities and secured advantages which aroused the jealousy of the Chinese to a high pitch. The two parties came into open conflict, and on some occasions several Chinese were killed. Out of this grew the present effort of the Boxers to get rid of the foreigners altogether. 