OCTOBER 18, 1894. 323 apply the amount contributed to the pay- ment of the fine, which was done. The balance was donated to Mr. Capps. The issue of the American Hebrew of October 5 contained the following edito-rial note:Š In the Land of Religious Liberty. Some weeks ago we appealed in these columns for aid for a party in Tennessee, who was imprisoned and fined for working on his farm on Sunday. He belongs to a Christian sect that observes Saturday as the Sab-bath. The response to our appeal brought in $61.50. Although a collection was being made in behalf of the cause by persons in the West, we deemed it advisable to consult Chas. E. Buell, of Plainfield, New Jersey, as to the manner in which the money should be ap-plied, since that gentleman had brought the matter to our attention. It was concluded that the wisest plan would be to pay the fine and have Mr. Capps released, the surplus to be given him after that, to enable him to start afresh, as his imprisonment had well nigh ruined him. We therefore forwarded $34.87 to J. J. Thomason, Clerk of the Circuit Court of Weakley Co., in Dresden, Tenn. Mr. Capps wrote gratefully acknowl-edging the kind act of the American Hebrew and its friends. All lovers of liberty will feel kindly toward the American Hebrew for interest-ing itself in this case of a persecuted fel-low-citizen; and the contributors have manifested the spirit of an "Israelite indeed." While Mr. Capps and his brethren are conscientiously opposed to paying fines assessed under these oppressive Sunday laws, yet when others, unsolicited, pay the fines and release them from custody, they can but joyfully return to their families, with gratitude to those whose liberality has secured their freedom. May " the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob " bless our Hebrew friends ! - Ł Ł  The Government Again Honors Sunday. CHICAGO has recently been greatly agi-tated over a proposed Sunday inspection of the letter carriers of that city. The postal regulations require that all carriers get new uniforms twice a year, namely, in the spring and in the fall, and that the postmaster inspect them to see that the suits are of the proper cut and fit. Last March Mr. Hesing, the postmaster at Chicago, held the inspection required by law on Sunday, and there was no pro-test. Recently he issued orders for an-other Sunday inspection, to partake some-what of the nature of a dress parade. This provoked vigorous protest from the Sunday church element, with the result that the authorities at Washington inter-fered and sent Mr. Hesing a peremptory order, the pertinent part of which reads as follows:Š You will rescind your order for an inspection on the lake front and at a convenient hour on Sunday afternoon, in the corridors of the post-office and sta-tions, if this is possible, and, if not, on the sidewalks or streets in front of the post-office and stations, you will have all the carriers in line and inspect them promptly. Very respectfully, F. H. JONES, First Assistant Postmaster General. The Chicago Herald of October 3 says:Š Mr. Jones did not come to his determination un-aided. It is understood that Mr. Machen, of the free delivery department, who has charge of the whole carrier system, urged him to stop the parade. Mr. Machen witnessed the Sunday parade of last March, and the blare of the bands, and the military and polit-ical flavor of the thing shocked his sense of Sabbath propriety. Mr. Machen thinks the semi-annual in-spection of new suits need not demand bands, auxilia-ries, alignments or street marching. He thinks the inspection is in a measure perfunctory, and can just as well be carried on in private. Inspector Stuart, of Chicago, is also on record by telegram as saying " Nonsense." If Mr. Bissell were here he would have probably given Mr. Hesing's idea a sharper veto.  There was a franked message to-day in Mr. Jones' hands which was carefully guarded for an hour. When Mr. Jones had read it and shown it to all the chiefs he announced his decision. There is little doubt this was a message from Mr. Bissell indorsing his action. Mr. Jones was likewise influenced by the receipt of this dispatch from Rev. Mr. Frothingham, stated clerk of the Christian Union:Š " The presbytery of Chicago, consisting of over two hundred ministers and churches, have unanimously protested against the proposed parade of postal em-ploy& next Sunday in Chicago for the inspection of new uniforms. A street parade is unnecessary; it is an infringement on the rights of men, and is an offense against the best sentiment of the city, which is trying to preserve Sunday to the working people. The com-munity of Chicago is much aroused over the matter." "That settles it," said Mr. Jones, "there will be no parade." The same paper further says in the same issue The proposed parade of the letter carriers assumed national importance on Monday when Mr. Meloy, on behalf of the churches and acting under advice of Lawyer Gault, attorney for the Sunday Rest League, began flooding the department at Washington with telegraphic protests against what was considered an unseemly desecration of the Sabbath. Besides the protests filed Monday, Mr. Meloy yesterday forwarded the following:Š " The proposed parade of letter carriers on the Sab-bath, ordered by authority of the Government in your department, is a violation of Christian sentiment, of the rights of labor and of the quiet and good order of our city. We petition you to forbid it. " W. C. Gray, Editor of the Interior. " Edward Goodman, Editor of the Standard. "J. S. Cantwell, Editor of the Universalist. "Arthur Edwards, Editor of the Christian. Advocate. "J. E. Berry, Editor of the Epworth Herald. "Simeon Gilbert, Editor of the Advocate. "James W. Wilson, of the Farm, Field and Fireside. "General C. H. Howard, of the Western Rural. "E. B. Graham, Editor of the Midland. "J. A. Collins, Editor of the Christian Instructor." This probably had its influence also in deciding the matter in the minds of the Washington authorities, and in securing the order for a simple inspection instead of a dress parade. But though the parade was declared off, Mr. Meloy was not fully satisfied. As related by the Herald, he said:Š I should have preferred that the inspection be on some other day than Sunday. Still, this is a great concession. While this action of the administration is most gratifying, I have no feeling of triumph as if it were' a victory over Mr. Hesing. No, there is no feeling of that kind. It is a fortunate thing for the postmaster that the people at Washington have taken such action. I told Mr. Hesing that if there was a Sunday parade there would be a political post mortem in his office as a result. The most objectionable features of the affair have been removed and the religious sentimont of the coun-try will be better satisfied. There has been no pol-itics in this matter. In politics I am a Republican, but not a partisan. In this matter the action taken at Washington shows how strong this Democratic admin-istration isŠI will say that. The Herald suggests that "perhaps the postmaster and the dominies can compro-mise by the former agreeing to omit the band next Sunday in the coat-and-trouser exhibition of the letter carriers, and by the latter agreeing to give their congre-gations a sermon now and then on a scrip-tural instead of a political text." The whole thing shows the arrogancy of the "religious element." That element has learned that it " holds the United Sfates Government in its hands," and it is not slow to use its power. Of, course, it was claimed that the order for Sunday inspection infringed upon the rights of the carriers to Sunday rest, but Mr. Hosing had given public notice that any one who so desired would be excused from attending the inspection, thus leav-ing every man free in the matter. 3ut not one objected or asked to be excused. And again it is demonstrated that the anxiety of the Sunday preachers is to protect and honor Sunday, not to secure human rights. Alexander Campbell Against the Na- tional Reform Association and the American Sabbath Union. [In 1820 there was organized in West Middletown, Washington Co., Pa., a society, called the West Mid-dletown Moral Society. The principal object of the society was to enforce the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, which is still on the statute books of the State. This Moral Society was organized by the United Presbyterians, the same people who, later in 1803, organized the National Reform Association. Alex-ander Campbell, the founder of the Christian or Dis-ciple Church, ably opposed the society in a series of articles published in the Reporter, of Washington, county seat of Washington County. His articles were signed Candidus." A United Presbyterian minister, by the name of Wylie, attempted to defend the society, and signed himself "Timothy." The discussion con-tinued from Apri117, 1820, the date of Mr. Campbell's first article, to February 22, 1822, during which time almost every phase of the compulsory Sunday law question was treated. As a result the Moral Society perished, not to appear again until 1863 when it was revived by the same denomination under the name, National Reform Association. Every word of Mr. Campbell's invincible logic and withering denuncia-tion is applicable to the association, resuscitated under the name, National Reform Association, and kindred organizations, such as the American Sabbath Union, the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, etc.] "WASHINGTON REPORTER, Washington, Pa. "Sir : I saw in your paper the 22nd ult. a statement signed ' the committee,' which in consequence of the vulgarity and blackguardism of its style; the hardihood, shamelessness, and falsity of its assertions, the well-known acrimony and supercili-ousness of its author and its total want of reason, argument, and proof; I cannot condescend to notice. It affects me, as the barking of a cur affects a gallant horse, it will cause me to quicken my pace, and with more spirit to prosecute my under-taking. At the same time I would have you know that when a gentleman appears to dispute the subject, I shall pay due respect to everything he has to say. I remember the proverb of a king which I once learned, `Answer not a fool accord-ing to his folly lest thou be like him.' This, sir, I wish ever to regard. " In my last, I proposed the method I wish to pursue in handling the subject. I commenced the first part of my argu-ment, by observing, that the moral soci-eties were antichristianŠI shall now for the sake of argument suppose that the members of them were all Christians; and that they were associated for the express purpose of supressing vice and immoral-ity, by civil pains. I shall further sup-pose that they are about to inflict civil pains on some men of the world who are convicted of the crimes of drunkenness, Sabbath-breaking, and profane swear-ingŠin this case then I say they are positively prohibited both by the letter and spirit of Christianity from exercising judgment and inflicting punishment upon them. The apostle in the fifth chapter of his first epistle to the Corinthians when he forbids Christians to associate with, or to retain, immoral professors in the church (some of which he specifies as fornicators, drunkards, railers, etc.); regard of such characters out of the church he peremptorily and by the strong-est figure of speech prohibits any interfer-enceŠin the words, v. 12, 13 : ' What have I [as a Christian or an apostle] to do to judge them alsd that are without? Do not ye judge them that are within ? But them that are without God judgeth.' No precept was ever more definite, more au-thoritative, or more perspicuous than this. " It is, owever, no more than following the example of the Founder of Christian-ity, who, when solicited to divide an in- 