140 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "0 professor! did they do it?" asked Milly Brown, with a little tremor in her voice. "Yes, Milly; they left not a soul alive, and afterwards set fire to the town. One writer who lived in this dread-ful time said that they once gathered a great many here-tics together into a large castle and burned them alive with extreme joy." "Is it possible that this was all done in the name of the religion of the gentle Nazarene?" asked Julia March. "Yes, though Philip did pot really approve .of it; but he was too busy in other matters to trouble much about the sufferings of a few miserable wretches. So the beau-tiful homes of the Albigenses, where nature had lavished her bounties with such a liberal hand, were made desolate and silent. So, as the historian says, 'Simon de Mont-fort made a solitude, and called it peace.'" MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. "He Shall Think to Change Times." "MAMA," said Charlie, "you have never explained about 'the times.' The text we were talking about says, you know, 'He shall think to change times and laws.'" "What are God's times?" "Why, mama, what a queer question? All time is God's." "Has he reserved no time as his especially?" "Yes; the Sabbath." "Suppose you turn to Ex. 20:8, 9, 10, and read the 4th commandment." " 'Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six ,days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God.'" "This day then belongs to God. Why did he choose the seventh day as his? Please read on." "'For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day : wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it!" "Do you remember what Jesus said about the law?" "Yes; that not a jot or tittle of it should pass away till heaven and earth passed." "Then could any part of this commandment be changed?" "Of course not. Mama, who ever thought it could?" "The prophet has told us that the papacy would think not only to change God's law, but his times. You may read some statements from the Catholic Catechism, and from some of the leaders in the church. I suppose, Charlie, you'will be as surprised as I was to find out these things; for I never gave the matter any thought until ,quite recently. But if God said the papacy would think to change his,times, then we should rejoice to find that he foresaw and foretold the events of ages. Now you may read in-the 'Doctrinal Catechism,' p. 174." With wide-open:eyes Charlie readŠ. Question.Š" 'Have you any other way of proving that the church has power to institute festivals of pre-cept?' Answer.Š"` Had she not such power . . . ahe could not have substituted the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, for Saturday, the seventh day, a change for which there is no Scriptural authority."' "0, mama, Isn't Sunday, Sunday?" Mrs. Ross laughed. "Yes, dear. Sunday is Sunday; but Sunday is not the Sabbath. We have been keeping the wrong day, dear; but it has been because we were ig-norant, and the sin of ignorance is atoned for. Here is another statement I would like you to read, from the `Catholic Christian Instructed,' p. 252":Š Charlie read : " 'Q. What warrant have you for keep-ing the Sunday, preferable to the ancient Sabbath, which was Saturday?' " 'A. We have for it the authority of the Catholic Church and apostolical tradition."' "Cardinal Gibbons says, 'Sunday, as a day set apart for the obligatory worship of Almighty God, . . . is purely a creation of the Catholic Church.' Father En-right offered $1,000 to any one who would prove from the Bible alone that Sunday was the Sabbath." "And so, Saturday is Sunday. Why, how queer that seems!" "No; Saturday, the seventh day, is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." "Why, mama, that's the Jews' Sabbath." "Is that what the commandment says?" "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," repeated Charlie. Charlie leaned his head on his hand for some mo-ments. Mrs. Ross looked at him anxiously, for she knew that he was going through a struggle both intellectual and spiritual. When he looked up his face was pale. "Mama, did Jesus keep the seventh day?" "Yes, dear. Luke says, 'He went into the synagogue on the Sabbath day as was his custom.' When he told the disciples of the destruction of Jerusalem which took place forty years after his death, he said, pray ye that your flight be not in the winter, neither on the Sabbath day.' The women who came to embalm his body on the first day of the week had 'rested according to the com-mandment.'" "And didn't the disciples change the day to celebrate his resurrection?" "1"To; baptism is a memorial of his resurrection. The day was changed just as the prophet said it would be by the papacy. The first Sunday law on record is the one commanded by Constantine in 321 A. D., and that was a very lax one, that the church afterward made more strin-gent. Church and state have always been united through Sunday laws. From Constantine's time the state wielded the sword at the request of the church. The Sunday law seems to be the wedding ring of church and state. It was through this unholy affiance that the Dark Ages blighted over 1200 years." 