NrAericom.A.L. bligiolls Libutil ASSOGidt1011 KEEP 1114  '1.0.1-L AND ctaa" reit1501FAM''4°  0.0 EXACT JUThOz rG *30' THr AlvirtzteAN SPNTINVIi. DE,GLIMIIIT1ON OF PRINGiPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as A Curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our follow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12mn AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. IN the Iowa Legislature the house committee on the judiciary has reported a resolution cutting off the Sunday pay of employes. Ł Ł  IT is said that a particular brand of postage-stamps is used in Belgium by those who wish that their mail should not be handled on Sunday. THE Fourteenth Ward Improvement Association; of Newark, New Jersey, under the lead of detective Wishart, Ł is moving to " secure the purity of the Sabbath" in Newark. The Newark Times ridicules the movement as an attempt to regulate the morals of the city. IN the New York Legislature, Senator Hunter has introduced a joint resolution urging the Represent-atives of the State in Congress to use their influence with the World's Fair Commissioners to close the Fair on Sunday; and asking that they favor no measure in further aid of said enterprise, except it be coupled with a condition that the Fair be closed to visitors and suspended as an Exposition on the Sabbath day. THE Pittsburg Dispatch, of Monday, February 8, records that at the Sunday morning hearing, Feb-ruary 7, in that city, Judge Gripp disposed of fif-teen cases ; Magistrate Succop, twenty caste ; Mag-istrate Mc Kenna, twenty-seven cases; Magistrate Hyndnian, six cases; Magistrate Leslie, one case. Here is an opportunity for the Pittsburg Law and Order League to secure an indictment of these magistrates for pursuing their common avocation on Sunday, on the plea that this hearing of cases on Sunday has by repetition become a common nuisance. Ł ON the evening of Sunday, February 7, after the burning of the the Hotel Royal, where, under such frightful circumstances, so many human lives were lost, Rev. W. W. Atterbury, President of the New York Sabbath Committee, spoke at the old Scotch Church in Fourteenth Street. The World charac-terizes his address thus :Š "The speaker said that on his way to church his ears had been pained with shouts which he had never heard before on the streets of New York on Sunday. Everybody leaned forward in their pews eager to hear what had shocked the minister Something like a look of disappointment passed over the faces of the audience when Mr. Atterbury said that what pained his ears' had been the `cries  of newsboys selling papers containing reports of Ł the big fire.' Such things were against the law, he said, and should be stamped out. If boys are al-lowed to sell papers on Sunday, he declared, they will some day develop into troublesome criminals. Mr. Atterbury expressed no sympathy for the vic-tims of the fire. The fact that newsboys were selling papers seemed to have impressed him more than the terrible loss of life." THE daily papers contain a dispatch in regard to a Seventh-day Adventist of Houston County, Ga., who has resigned his position as school commis-soner, rather than violate the Sabbath. He shows in this that he does not need a civil law to compel everybody to rest on the day he wants to keep, in order that he may observe it himself. Would not the same rule hold good in regard to those who really desire to keep Sunday ? If a man has a con-science in the matter, he will find a way to keep the day, and a situation or job of work will not long stand in the way. Ł  THE Wisconsin Sunday Rest Association in its late meeting at Madison, Wisconsin, reorganized as a branch of the American Sabbath Union, and adopted lengthy resolutions in regard to the Sun-day closing of the World's Fair, and Sunday ob-servance in general. This Association at its incep-tion, attempted to confine itself solely to the " civil " side of the question, and prove the possi-bility of the enforcement of a civil Sunday as something separate and distinct from a religious Sabbath observed on the same day. The "civil" disguise will no doubt soon be dropped altogether by all the promoters of legal religion. Ł 4.Ł  A LIQUOR traffic and Sunday labor Prohibitionist says in the Christian Patriot, that the Prohibition Party is not a temperance society, but a political party which seeks for political success that it may suppress the liquor traffic, and that one way by which to secure the "good will and votes of a ma-jority, is to urge diligently Sabbath reform." " A plank in a platform is not enough. The Prohibition papers must make the matter prominent. And in no other way can they make as many votes. . . . The Sabbath plank of the Prohibition Party is good for at least five hundred thousand additional votes if it is made prominent." This is a frank statement of the alliance of the Prohibition Party with the re_ ligious legislationists. THE bibliography of the relation of the National Swine Breeders' Association- to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair is becoming quite large. One of the most exquisitely comical things yet said is from Farm, Field, and Stocicman, where, with in-nocent unconsciousness of its ludicrousness, the statement is made that, "The hog is the American farm-mortgage lifter, and should be recognized as an important feature in the Exposition designed to illustrate the advance of civilization. He has rooted many a poor man into a comfortable home, and those who have given him this power should have some influence in the matter whether he shall be put upon show on Sunday." Will this Christian Nation ride " pig-a-back " into the kingdom of heaven ? IN regard to the Prussian education bill, which the Examiner says "embodies the Emperor's solu-tion of the burning educational_ problem, and aims to reorganize education in Prussia on a denomina-tional basis, as denominationalism is understood by the Prussian State ; that is to say, as embracing the Catholic and Protestant religions. The bill, accord-ingly, has been described by the Emperor as one to abolish atheism. Under it education is compulsory, and Christianity is so too. It 'allows a choice of de-nomination, and makes it, possible for Protestant and Catholic children to be instructed in schools where their particular denominational truths are  taught, except in the cases of the children of Jews, Mohammedans, freethinkers, and atheists, who must, under severe penalties, receive instruction in the orthodox Christian faith." The Emperor's edu-cational bill seems, in one respect, to be more lib-eral than Mr. Blair's historic educational amend-ment to the Constitution, in that he puts Protestants and Roman Catholics on an equal civil footing, whereas the Blair amendment recognized only Protestants ; otherwise the German bill is the same, only translated into the methods of monarchism. IF correctly reported,, the Supreme Court of Ł Pennsylvania has certainly expressed itself on the enforcement of Sunday laws. At the hearing of an appealed case, where the Law and Order Society of Allegheny County obtained the conviction of an oil well owner for pumping oil on Sunday, accord- ing to the United Presbyterian, the Judge, "in re-spect to the habit of taking appeals for infractions of the Sabbath law, said with some impatience: 'It is idle, and a great waste of time to bring such questions up here upon a certiorari. There is no appeal, and, as we have said at least a hundred times, we can not review the evidence.' " Upon this the Sunday-law promoters consider themselves strongly intrenched in Pennsylvania. ---4  REV. JAMES P. MILLS, Field Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, is conducting a campaign for his Association in Milwaukee,Šthe Sentinel of that city has this in reference to the peroration of his first discourse. In conclusion the speaker said that the questions he had outlined were those that the Sabbath Union proposed to agitate to a settlement, until the real status of the Sabbath should be fixed. The agi-tation was not confined to-  the United States. Some twelve foreign countries were discussing it. Among them were France, Germany, Austria, Holland, and Hungary. The extent of this agitation, its purpose, and its result are distinctly pointed out in prophecy, and there is no more important subject presented to the attention of the world at the present time. It will not be found that the true solution of the Sabbath question lies in the enforcement of Sunday ob-ssrvance by law. THE Galesburg, Illinois, Press and People has the following appreciative note on "American State Papers " "In these days, when the agitation of the clues-, Lion of compulsory Sunday observance, compulsory reading of the Bible in public schools, State appro-priations for sectarian institutions, untaxed church property, and kindred questions, are agitating the public mind, an organization like the National Religious Liberty Association becomes a necessity. . . The society has already compiled and pub-, lished in elegant typography, a comprehensive vol-ume of three hundred and sixty pages, entitled " American State Papers Bearing on Religious Leg-islation," with a thorough historical review and re-sume of the whole Sunday question. The volume ought to be in the hands of every free American citizen." THE Washington correspondent of the Sioux City Journal chronicles the presentation in the House, of a memorial against the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday by Representative Hayes of Iowa, and reports that it is the second document of the kind protesting against Sunday closing pre-sented in Congress this session, while every member of both houses has probably offered from one to twenty memorials asking that the gates of the Fair be closed on Sunday. Congress has no power to open or close the World's Fair on Sunday, and no'doubt the majority of those who are opposed to legislative interference in religious matters know this. If Congress should attempt to assume any such au-thority intelligent Christian voters everywhere would make their protest known against any such usurpation of authority. It. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 