504 AMERICAN - SENTINEL. Freedom for All. BY JOHN MCCARTHY. THE conscience must to God alone respond, And not to legislation, nor to man. In Heaven's realm is fullest freedom found, Since force was ne'er embraced in God's great plan. Hence 'tis our duty to repudiate All interdicts on our inherent rights; Let then our protest loud reverberate, From fllowery dell to yonder snow-clad heights. Ennobling motto, "Liberty for all;" Raise it aloft, from Heaven's walls to hang. Thus shall we break the spell that would enthrall, And start again the chant that angels sang. Thus all procrustian methods shall be cast Into Lethean depths; banished for e'er. Religious tyrants thus shall be outcast, And Freedom's hand our precious bark will steer. Supernal legacy which Godhath given To every son of AdamŠliberty: Not limited, but free as the air of Heaven, Aye, from the swaddling clothes of serfdom free. No servile chains to impede our onward march; No base incumbrances to block our way. For the Creator from the empyrean arch Irradiates our path with freedom's ray. May we ne'er seek to treat as helots vile Our fellowmen, who differ from our views; But may we hold their rights as sacred, while We e'er refrain their consciences to bruise. He who condemns his brother, but betrays The glorious trust committed to his charge, And thus becomes entangled in the maze From which he surely never can emerge. Follow the path of charity through life, Strive other souls to please, not self alone; Banish from thee all bitter roots of strife; Thus shalt thou bigotry and hate dethrone. Then e'en the thought will never cross, thy mind, Of seeking legislative power to force Thy brother to accept thy views defined. Love to such weapons ne'er can have recourse. Let each his own opinion hold as right, Responsible to God, and He alone; Since all mankind are equal in him sight, He only can our motives, thoughts, make known. Soon we must each before the great Judge stand, Who in His balances divine will weigh The spring of all our actions on life's strand, To Him we each must answer in that day. Buenos Aires, Argentina. WHAT constitutes the bulwark of our own liberty and independence? It is not our frowning battlements, our bristling seacoasts, our army or our navy. These are not our reliances against danger. All of these may be, turned against us without making us weaker for the struggle. Our relianbe is in the love of liberty which  God has planted in us. Our defense is in the spirit which prizes liberty as the heritage of all men in all lands everywhere. Destroy this spirit and you have planted the seeds of despotism at your own doors. Familiarize yourself with the chains of bondage and you prepare your own limbs to wear them. Accustomed to trample on the rights of others, you have lost the strength of your own independence and become the At subjects of the first cunning tyrant who rises among you.ŠAbraham Lincoln. Pennsylvania's Sunday Law Invoked. BY C F. MC VAGH. THE spirit of persecution manifested' in the enforce-ment of Sunday laws is rife in Wayne County, Pa. As usual, only observers of the seventh day are molested. Up to the present only one case has been called, but unless the Lord overrules in some way others are likely to follow. One week ago Sylvester B. Field of Hamlinton, Pa., a resident of Lake township and a member of the Sab-bath-keeping company brought out by the tent effort at Lake Ariel last summer, was summoned to appear before J. Elliott, J. P., of Hollisterville, Pa., to answer to the charge of doing secular labor on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. It was clearly a case of spite and prejudice. Lake Ariel is a popular summer resort and all manner of work is openly performed on Sunday by those who do not observe the Sabbath. The railroad brings hundreds of pleasure seekers every Sunday all summer. The cream-eries do a thriving business in ice cream, wholesale and retail. Liquor is sold and all kinds of work go on reg-ularly. The work complained of was that of cutting and binding oats by hand, which was done in a field or lot wholly surrounded by trees and woods, and out of sight of the house of the complainant, David Edwards, and at a considerable distance from any public road. His brother-in-law, a non-professor, was working with him but was not included in the summons. On being told by the justice that he could neither get a jury trial nor an appeal to court, Mr. Field consulted a lawyer, who advised him not to appear, but let the case go by default. The case was called Monday, July 7, and a fine of $4 and costs was assessed. It now awaits the next county court, giving an opportunity meanwhile to spread literature and educate the people upon the principles involved. Gospel Tent, Hawley, Pa. A SUNDAY coat is no substitute for the robe of right-eousness.Š The Inland. 