w  "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 9, 1899. NUMBER 44. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. gar Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) IN a very small and seemingly innocent act, one may indorse a very large and very evil principle. .4 .4 WHEN the secular power puts forth its hand to mold and regulate that which is religious, must not the latter necessarily become more secularized than it was before? tit THERE is "manifest destiny" enough for the Ameri-can Republic in Asia, amidst its gathering whirlwind of political and martial strife, if that is the kind of destiny the Republic wants. And since an evil destiny is so man-ifest for the Republic in such a place, it is strange that intelligent Americans should counsel such a step. .4 .4 LAWS are not designed to enforce rights upon the people, but only to protect the people from molestation in enjoying their rights according to their own tastes and inclinations. Because every individual has a right to one day's rest in seven, it does not follow that this right ought to be enforced upon anyone. No HUMAN authority can rightfully undertake to say how any question which involves religious truth is set-tled, or whether it is settled or not. Every individual has an unalienable right to decide for himself what is the revealed will of God; and this right amounts to nothing if he cannot act in harmony with his belief. WE are told that men ought to rest one day in seven; and this is true enough. We are told that if one man rests while others do business, he will suffer finan-cial loss; and we do not deny this. But there is some-thing more than this involved in the question of Sab-bath-keeping. There is always the additional fact that Sabbath-keeping is by command of God, and this ques-tion of what. God has commanded is inseparable from the subject. It is of no use to settle the other questions while this one is left unsettled; and this one can be set-tled for each person only by his own conscience and the Word of God. And therefore, as no human authority can settle this question, and as all other questions in Sabbath-keeping hinge upon this one, it is clear that the whole matter of Sabbath-keeping is beyond the province of human authority, and must be left for each person to settle for himself. 4 Two Laws and Their Operation. THE apostle Paul, speaking as a Christian and for every Christian, to the Romans, said: "The law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death." Paul was a transgressorŠa law-breaker; insomuch that he spoke of himself as the "chief of sinners." This is what he was when this divine law took hold of himŠthe law of God against whom he had transgressed. And that law set him free. This is not the way human law deals with the transgressor. Human law, when it takes hold of the transgressor, shuts him up. It takes away his freedom. It restrains him, curtails his power. It puts a veto upon him. It is simply an acting negative, and is not meant to be anything more. But far otherwise with the law of God, under the provisions of the gospel. In Jesus Christ, the law of God is altogether a positive force, operating upon the 