"aqua! and Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever State or Persuasion, Feligious or political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 14, 1893. NUMBER 49. American Sentinel Ł PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, 1 CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. WILLIAM H SIC KEE. " LET the principle once be established in We United States, that the Church may employ or control the power of the State; that religious observances may be en-forced by secular laws; in short, that the authority of Church and State is to dom-inate the conscience, and the triumph of Rome in this country is assured." EVERY statute and municipal ordinance in this country, enforcing or promoting religion and religious observances, has had its origin in the Church and State laws of the original codes from which our system of jurisprudence is derived. The same spirit of Church and State union which established these laws in the first place, has retained them in our statute books. THESE dormant seeds of persecution, which have lain covered and uncultivated in the statute books now for three gener-ations, have, within the last few years, been brought to the light with the promise of an immediate and rapid growth. A body of associated religious organizations, such as never before existed, has under-taken to foster and cherish the growing iniquity. IN every State there has been agitation for the enforcement of Sunday laws. Cases under the Sunday,  laws, in one form or another, have been brought before the courts of almost all the States. In sev-eral States these laws have been avowedly used for religious persecution. Although the religious statutes, under which this is done, contradict both the spirit and the terms of the bills of rights of the Consti-tutions of the different States, and of the United States, still they have been, with-out exception, thus far, sustained by the decisions of the higher State courts. The Supreme Court of the United States has,  by concurring in Justice Brewer's opinion in the Trinity Church case, February 29, 1892, that this is " a Christian Nation," given notice what position it will take on any case involving this question which it may be called upon to decide. The Con-gress of the United States has realized this, and acted upon it in advance, in the legis-lation which it passed in reference to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. The principle, then, that the Church may em-ploy the power of the State,Šthat secular laws may enforce religious observances, and that the authority of Church and State, combined, shall dominate the con-science, is settled in the affirmative in this country. THAT principle, which is the basis of papal policy, is now firmly fixed in the statutes and ,judicial precedents of the different States. The farther develop- ment of this destructive policy is being rapidly hastened, not only by the mach-inations of the Roman Catholic Church itself, but, even in a much greater degree, by the mistaken course of Protestant de-nominations and the various other organ-izations, more or less avowedly religious in character. Some of these organizations are willing to join hands with the Roman Catholic Church in securing strict legisla-tion as to the observance of Sunday, and are, in fact, desirous that the Catholic power should join with them in obtaining a severe interpretation, and enforcement, of those laws by the courts. Other organ-izations believe themselves to be antago-nizing Roman Catholicism, and even con-fessedly make that the main, and, in some instances, the only purpose of their ex-istence,Šstill they ignorantly serve the same ends by accomplishing the same thing, only under the name of Protestant-ism, instead of Catholicism. To be sure there is a difference between Catholicizing and Protestantizing the civil and political institutions of this country ; but it is more a distinction than a difference, as this apostate Protestantism is the offspring and the image of its progenitor. ONE strong and persistent influence con-tinues, with increased energy, to assault Congress and the Nation's executive, to obtain, if possible, still greater and more explicit acknowledgment of the union of  the State with religion. While this is not strictly necessary, for their real pur-pose is already accomplished, still it will go far towards familiarizing the law-makers of the country with the require-ments which their religious advisers are putting upon them. It will also mate-rially hasten the progress of their cause. If, by some such means as secured the passage of the act to close the World's Fair on Sunday, the acknowledgment of a State religion should be inserted in the fundamental law, then the cloak of pre-tended allegiance to the principle of civil liberty in religious things could be thrown off entirely, and the ascendancy of the papal principle be openly asserted. This is what the more candid and logical, of those who call themselves National Reformers, desire, and for this they are planning to bring great influence to bear upon Congress during this session. It is not at all clear that they will succeed in accomplishing the definite thing which they wish, but it is quite possible that they will succeed in effect, as the Sunday closing of the World's Fair was a practical failure, and yet a theoretical success of their principles. THOSE who are assisting to create a Prot-estant similitude to the Papacy while ar-dently fighting Roman Catholicism, as they see it, are legion. The subtle deception un-der which these labor and the delusion which they throw around those whom they draw into their ranks is unique. Ro-man Catholicism may well cherish them as its dearest friends, the enemy. It is a fre-quent, though paradoxical, statement that the longest way round is the shortest way there,Šthis is vividly exemplified in the case of those who are now antagonizing the progress of the Papacy in this country by the use of papal methods. No quicker way of securing a papal-Protestant dom-ination in civil affairs could possibly be devised than that which has been taken. The possibility of the Roman Catholic Church, as now existing and organized in this country, obtaining the political ascen-dancy has aroused a selfish opposition which demands the same thing for itself, and proceeds to obtain it by means which are in themselves Romanizing, and will very shortly bring both parties into cora- 