T 45 interfere with them so long as their mem-bers are loyal to the government, and do not by their local organization endanger the rights or privileges of others. Reli-gious organizations stand on the same footing, so far as their relation to the State is concerned. All who wish to pursue happiness through that particular method, have a perfect right to do so without molestation from the government of which they are citizens. They have, moreover, the right under the government to transact their own affairs, which socie-ties of every other shade possess. By denying this to any class of loyal citizens in a government, happiness is refused them, the privation of which is oppres-sion. Had man, like the brute, no moral sense, he would have no human responsi-bility, here nor hereafter, and therefore, no necessity for rights pecqarly his own. But in view of his nature, t\tcl the neces-sity for moral development, he has rights which must be exercised according to' the dictates of his own moral sense. This can not be otherwise, since man has a personal accountability to the Author of his being, which no one else can in any way assume. Since, then, each one is respon-sible to God alone for the use of these powers, it follows that no one else can properly interfere in the exercise of them, neither can they be regulated by legisla-tive enactments. The reason for this is obvious. Human rights entail moral obligations which are absolute, the neglect of which is sin, and only he on whom the duty devolves can determine what action must be taken under the circumstances. This follows from the fact that strictly moral claims can only be validly acknowledged in the realm of conscience. They can not, there-fore, properly become subject to human enactments. For instance : It may be the absolute duty of one who is able, to assist a poor neighbor. Not to do so may be a sin, because the neglect is prompted by sordid meanness and heartlessness. But for all that, no human law can reach such a case and compel a performance of duty, which springs alone from an enlightened and active conscience. There are, however, duties of a nega-tive character, the performance of which may be enforced by law. It is a duty every one owes his neighbor, not to injure his reputation person or property. Should this breach of duty occur, the law may interfere, and punish the offender, be-cause the very province of human govern-ment is to protect its subjects against injury from one another. The extract which fol-lows from Macaulay's writings sets this matter forth very clearly :Š An orange-woman stops up the pavement with her wheelbarrow; and a policeman takes her into custody. A miser who has amassed a million suf-fers an old friend and benefactor to die in a work-house, and can not be questioned before any tri- bunal for his baseness and ingratitude. Is this because legislators think the orange-woman's con-duct worse than the miser's ? Not at all. It is be-cause the stopping up of the pathway is one of the evils against which it is the business of the public authorities to protect society, and heartlessness is not one of those evils. It would be the height of folly to say that the miser ought, indeed, to be punished, but that he ought to be punished less severely than the orange-woman. It is therefore plain that governments can not deal with sin as such, though some have maintained the contrary. Their ground of opinion has been ably stated by Charles Spencer M. Philips in his work on Jurisprudence, page 274, and is as fol-lows :Š They lay down the principle that the world is God's world, and that all who inhabit it are bound by God's laws, and from this they infer that human justice ought, so far as human fallibility will allow, to be a precise counterpart of God's justice. They do not advert to the obvious possibility that there may be some of God's laws which it is not his will to communicate to human administration, and which human beings would, therefore, be guilty of a sin by attempting to enforce.ŠQuoted in Bible in Public Schools, page 266. The law of ten commandments is defined as " the will of God, as the supreme moral Ruler concerning the character and conduct of all responsible beings; the rule of ac-tion as obligatory on the conscience or moral nature." From this it will be seen at once, that the foregoing method of rea-soning would make the civil ruler the minister of God's will over the conscience of every citizen under his jurisdiction, and arm him with the authority of Heaven, with which to enforce his decrees. As the agent, or vicegerent of God, to re-sist him would be to resist God. More-over, in that case there would be no ne-cessity for human legislation; for, having God's law as a standard of civil govern-ment, to revise that or add to it in the least, would be an impeachment of the wisdom which gave it; to say nothing of the complete folly of an attempt to admin-ister the same penalty for the violation of petty civil laws, which is demanded by the law of Jehovah. The only logical way to conduct the affairs of such a concern, would be to proclaim the "divine right of kings," and then let the incumbent of official power announce all his decrees as the voice of God. J. 0. CORLISS. e.  THE Newark Methodist Ministers' Soci-ety met in St. Paul's Methodist Episcopal Church, Newark, N. J., Monday, January 4, and listened to an address from Colonel Wishart, the detective employed by the Newark Law and Order League to aid in the enforcement of the Jersey Sunday laws, on the subject, " The Law and Or-der League the Ally of the Church." It has long been seen that the Law and Or der League was fitting itself to be the willing and efficient swordsman, ready to use the blade of the law at the behest of the Church, but the fact has not been publicly acknowledged before. " Sabbath " and "Sunday." IN this country the words Sabbath and Sunday are frequently used as synony-mous terms, both referring to one and the same day. It is well known, however, by almost every speaker and writer who uses these words interchangeably that whenever the word Sabbath is found in either the Old or the New Testament it never means the first day of the week, but always the last, when a specific day is meant. The writers of the New Testa-ment show us that at the times when they wroteŠsome of them many years after the resurrection of ChristŠthe Sabbath preceded the first day. Matt. (28: 1) says, " In the end of the Sabbath as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week." Luke says, " And they returned and pre-pared spices and ointments and rested the Sabbath day according to the command-ment. But on the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came to the sepulchre bringing the spices which they had prepared." Luke 23 : 56; 24 : 1. The application of the word Sabbath to the first day of the week is of compara-tively recent date. No writer can be found in any language previous to the sixteenth century who so uses the word, and but few can be found at the present time, in any language but the English, who so use it. The official records of the Parliament of Great Britain when reporting the trans-action of business done on the seventh day of the week, have ever, until the year 1865, used the words dies Sabbati, the Sabbath day, to express the date of the transaction; and the House of Lords still continues the use of the same words. When the highest authority in the British Government makes the word Sabbath ap-plicable only to the seventh day of the week, and when the word of God uses it only in this sense, there seems to be Some-thing wrong and very ambiguous and even contradictory when the word Sabbath is used to mean Sunday as is so often done by certain speakers and writers of our times. If we study any of the languages of Southern Europe, or Western Asia, we shall find, even at the present day as well as in the past, that the word Sabbath, or its cognate in those languages, means only the seventh, or last day of the week, and never the first day. If we take any dic-tionary printed in France, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Greece, Turkey, Arabia, Mexico, South America, and many other countries, we find that they invariably give, as the first definition of the equivalent of our word Sabbath, " The seventh or last day of the week." The foreigners who come to us from these countries deem it very strange indeed to hear the word Sabbath used for the first day of the week, when with them it al-ways means the seventh day. Members 