AMERICAN SENTINEL. 375 they held public meetings and awakened an interest, only a word was necessary by some prejudiced person to stir up the authorities against them. "With scarcely an exception, every time our laborers have gone forth and aroused an interest, difficulty from this quarter has overtaken them; and in almost every case the difficulty was occasioned by the complaint of ' Armenian or Greek Christians. This resulted in many arrests; but the outcome of it all was that the govern-ment ascertained that our Seventh-day Adventist breth-ren were not political agitators; that they respected gov-ernments, and believed that as Christians, and followers of Christ whose kingdom is not of this world, we have nothing to do with revolution, or the overthrow of civil rulers, no matter how oppressive they may be. Had our brethren taken any part in political matters, they would have fared like the rest when the massacres came, instead of escaping, as they did, in every instance.  "The Lord made the government acquainted with the position of our brethren on this point through what seemed at the time to be hindrances. Again and again they were arrested. It seemed hard to bear, and we did not know what the end would be; but the Lord was pre-paring the way for a great deliverance in the time of trouble that was to come on the Armenians. Now we can see that what appeared to be difficulties were but blessings in disguise. Had our brethren waited until the difficulties began, before declaring their principles, it would not have freed them, as the Turks would have be-lieved that this was only a dodge to save themselves. It was necessary to have this fact well established before the trouble began. "Quite a number of our people in Turkey are Greeks, and what the present war may bring forth for Greeks in Turkey it is difficult to tell. But we are sure that if these brethren trust wholly in the Lord, the same wonderful providence that was over our Armenian brethren through the Armenian massacres will be over them. "The degree to which the true situation of our people is understood by the Turk, is well illustrated by the ex-perience of an Armenian priest, who, in order to cause trouble, tried to make a Turkish ruler believe that con-tributions for the spread of the truth were really for po-litical purposes. A brother writes of it as follows:Š " 'At Shagshag the Armenian priest together with an Armenian layman called at Yahovah's government and complained against our brethren as though they were collecting tithes to send to Armenia to help the insur-gents. The Turkish ruler asked the priest to state these things in a written petition. Then the priest called on the Turkish petition writer. [In Turkey many people are unable to write, and every village has one or more scribes, whose business it is to write documents and let-ters for the people.] But he at once refused to write such stuff, saying "Sabbatarians never do such things." Then the priest called on another clerk, and received the same answer; then on a third one, and again the sameanswer. The priest then called on the ruler without the writing, ,saying, "The clerks refuse to write." -Then the ruler sends for all the brethren at Shagshag, and examines them closely about this tithe question; and from each one ob-tains the same answer, that the tithe is not used for Ar-menians, but for the Lord's causeŠfor the preaching of the gospel. The ruler then sent them away in peace. Thus Armenians accused us before the government for the same things that they themselves do, while we work for the Lord.' "These experiences contain an important lesson for all, as we are coming to a time of trouble for the nations  "such as never was," much worse than that experienced in Turkey. But the Lord is now at work,preparing peo-ple for this very time, teaching them the position which His children should occupy in the world. It is important that we stand wholly on the principles of the gospel, and so be separated from the world. Then the Lord can do for us what He could not if we were not entirely separ- ated. H. P. HOLSER." Christian Endeavor and Politics. THE position at which the Christian Endeavor move-ment has arrived in the evolution of its purpose to re-form society, is indicated in the following from a news-pappr report of an Endeavor rally held in New York City, June 7 :Š "The yearly rally of the Christian Endeavor Societies of the Fifth District was held last night in the Second Collegiate Church of Harlem, and was quickly turned into a red-hot political rally by the new city magistrate, Job E. Hedges, Robert Fulton Cutting and the Rev. William Justin Harsha. "`We want to hold up good citizenship in all its es-sentials,' said Mr. Cutting, and he hinted that the only way to do it was to join the Citizens' Union and stand by its candidates. By way of a parenthesis he added that he had some membership blanks with him, and would be pleased to furnish them, to any one who wished to join the Union. " 'We are going,' continued Mr. Cutting, ' to give the people a chance to put Lien in office who are beyond ques-tion, and men who will carefully administer your affairs. We ask favor of no man. Honesty and virtue should be the only characteristics of the officials of the city. We rely on the young men and young women of the Christian Endeavor to help along Christian citizenship, and to work for men to honestly and admirably administer city affairs." ' The speaker went on to eulogize several well-known officials of the city government, and the report adds that "some of the young Endeavorers writhed in their seats at the straight-out politics which he talked." But what did they expect, and what does anybody expect from the Christian Endeavor movement, but straight-out politics? ,e mere fact that it has not af- filiated with any recognized political party counts for nothing as a preventive against this. The organization has adopted political principles of action, and this in it-self gives it a political character. It is working to gain control of governmental power by means of the ballot, for the purposes it has in view; and this is exactly what other political bodies are doing. It id virtually a political party like all the rest. The sooner those Christian EndeavorersŠand we know there are many of themŠwho would "writhe in their seats" at the sight of their meeting being turned into a "red-hot political rally," find out that nothing else than straight-out politics can come from the movement as now constituted, the better it will be for them. 