328 THE. SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. *11A111111111AWIIIIAL11111/111111111* I NEWS, NOTES I RIND CONIMENT It is stated that the Prince of Wales will not attend the Paris exposition for the reason that the French government will not guarantee his personal safety un-less he will submit to be shadowed by a number of detectives, to which the Prince objects. * * * A recent despatch from Paris says that a renowned physician, Rastineuf, after long experimenting with a certain variety of "long-life elixir," concluded it was perfectly safe, and injected a dose into his aged moth-er's arm two days in succession. She died in horrible suffering on the third day. The doctor, who had taken a hypodermic injection simultaneously, in order to prove to his mother how harmless the stuff was, sur-vived his mother only twenty-four hours. * * The Roman Catholic chapel on the Government reservation at West Point has been finished, and will be dedicated June to. The Secretary of War who some years ago authorized the erection of this chapel, as the reader may remember, tried to justify the proceeding by offering other denominations the same privilege; but thus far all the advantage of the offer has accrued to the Catholic church. Government support of the church is peculiarly a papal principle, and its practice must always result in exalting the papacy above the Protestant churches. The Methodist Conference which has been sitting in Chicago the present month, has put itself on record against sectarian appropriations for Indian schools. The resolution passed on the subject, after citing that "A desperate effort by the Roman Catholic authorities is now being made to force open again the national treasury to secure funds for sectarian and politico-ec-clesiastical propagation," declares :Š "This General Conference, representing the largest single organized Protestant constituency in the repub-lic, protests against the reopening of the sectarian -question. This General Conference also demands that civil and religious liberty shall be guaranteed to the people wherever the flag of the republic floats over our most distant new insular possessions. "It is directed that a record of this action be promptly forwarded to the President of the United  States, President of the Senate, Speaker of the House of Representatives, and Secretary of the Interior." The Conference is to be commended for this plain-spoken word in behalf of religious freedom. Still the men who passed this resolution believe in Sunday-ob-servance laws, which impose a money tax indirectly by appropriating an individual's time one day in every seven, forbidding him to engage in money-making oc-cupations on that day. In principle, where is the dif-ference between this and imposing taxes for the benefit of any other church institution than Sunday? It is stated that Queen Victoria is greatly annoyed at Premier Salisbury's gratuitous anti-Irish speech, as it destroyed at a blow the entire effect of her visit to Dublin. The story goes that when Lord Salisbury visited the Queen at Windsor on her return from Ire-land he minimized the significance the Queen sought to attach to her reception. He followed this up at his first public appearance by classing the Irish in the same category with the Boers, on whom the virulent hatred of the bulk of Britishers is now concentrated. * A Boston clergyman, Rev. Clay MacCauley, just returned to Boston from Japan and a recent visit to the Philippines, is interviewed by the Boston Trans-cript. In speaking of the war the United States is now carrying on in the Philippines, Mr. MacCauley said, among other things : "The Philippine question will never be settled se-curely and permanently until it is settled right, or until the nation degrades itself with yet deeper dis-honor than marks our century of dealings with the In-dians of our plains. 'This nation can crush the Filipi-nos out of existence in time, of course, and our good people may be deluded into thinking this the fit thing to do. But perhaps I would better say no more about this matter now. The American people, so far as I can see, seem to think that their present government has been acting wisely, throughout the course of events in the East. I am unwilling to blame, but this I am sure of, that however much 'world politics' has made it necessary that the United States should take posses-sion of the Philippines, the manner in which the gov-ernment set about to gain that possession bears no fit apology for it, better than ignorance and Caesar's will." In the Presbyterian General Assembly in St. Louis, May 18, the Special Committee on Sabbath Observ-ance presented by its chairman, Rev. I. W. Hathaway, Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, a report, resolutions nine and ten of which were as follows : "Resolved. That we deprecate the rapidly increas-ing Sabbath slavery of corporate employes in this 