"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." T.A.TIVIE 10. NEW YORK, MARCH' 7, 1895. NUMBER 10. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No., 4i BOND STREET, NEW YORE. ntered at the New York Post-OfTice. ALONZO JONES, 1.  OF* IISDLLMAN, BALT:.ENG4R, 11" BABYLON THE ''GREAT, THE ; MOTHER OF HARLOTS." ŁTiTRAMERICAN SENTINEL and Seventh-day avijUtista'' believe and teach that the term ' Babylon"' O'g9v. 17 and 18 applies to the °man Catholic Church. All Protestants believed this in the days of the Reformation. In fact, it has been the raotia'ally Unaiiimotta belief of ; the-  popular Protestant churches until within-a,very brief period. But a change has been wrought in popular Protestantism, and instead of calling the Babylon of the Bible by her right name, Prot-estants are now calling her the " Mother Church of Christendom," " a part of the mystical body of Christ," etc. But why this change ? Has Babylon be-come converted ? Has the Lord healed her ? No, this cannot be, for confession must pre-cede healing, and Babylon stoutly avers that she has never been sick. No, Babylon teaches every abominable doctrine that she taught in the days of the Reformation. Every reason that existed in the sixteenth century for pro-testing against Roman Catholicism, for de-nominating her the Babylon of the apocalypse, exists to-day. Why is it then that the same system which the Reformation, denounced as the great pro-phetic apostasy, is now by the descendants of the reformers termed " one branch of the Christian church" ? We propose to answer this question in this article, but before we can do it, it is necessary to take a look at the papal church as described in the Scriptures. 'In Rev. 17: 2, 6, " Babylon the Great, the Mother of Harlots" is spoken of as one " with whom the kings of the earth have committed for-nication,"Šone " drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus." And in Rev. 18: 3, it is plainly stated that the reason for the fallen condition of this fallen church is that " the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her." This  is the reason she is fallen. She has been intimate with the civil governments of earth. She has failed to heed the warning words, " Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God ?" Jas. 4: 4. Not only has she done this, but she is now doing it, and the last of these adulterous pro-posals is addressed by Pope Leo XIII. to the American Government through the American bishops of the United States. And this en-cyclical is alone sufficient to brand the Roman Catholic Church as the fallen Babylon of the Bible. In it the pope says:Š The church amongst you, unopposed by the Con-stitution and laws of your nation, fettered by no hos-tile legislation, protected from violence by the common laws and the impartiality of the tribunals, is free to live and act without hindrance. Wants More Than Liberty. Is not this all that a Christian church could ask? Isn't it more than the conquering church of the apostles had ? Is it not the scriptural relation which the Church and the State should sustain toward each other ? It cer-tainly is, for Jesus said, " My kingdom is not of this world," and he separated the Church from the State and asserted the independence of each by the words: " Render therefore unto Cmsar the things which are Cmsar's; and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22: 21. But this is not all that the Roman Catholic Church has had, and it is not all that she wants in the United States, for the pope im-mediately condemns this separation of Church and State in the following words:Š Yet, though all this is true, it would be very erro-neous to draw the conclusion that in America is to be sought the type of the most desirable status of the church; or that it would be universally lawful or ex-pedient for State and Church to be, as in America, dissevered and divorced. If it is not universally lawful for the Roman Catholic Church to be dissevered and divorced from " the kings {governments] of the earth," then it follows that it is considered lawful and expedient that the Roman Catholic Church be united and married to " the kings of the earth." What, therefore, the Word of God declares unlawful and spiritual " fornication," the Roman Catholic Church in 1895 declares lawful and expedient, thus virtually acknowl-edging herself the spiritual adulteress of prophecy. But the pope does not stop here, but con-tinues to still more plainly, if it were possible,  proclaim his church to be the fallen church of Revelation. He says:Š She [the Roman Catholic Church] would bring forth more abundant fruits if, in addition to liberty, she enjoyed the favor of the laws and the patronage of public authority. Not the Fruits of the Spirit. That is, if the Roman Catholic Church in the United States, instead of being " dissev-ered and divorced," were united and married to the United States Government "she would bring forth more abundant fruits." The pope is correct; she would bring forth more abun-dant fruits. She always has brought forth more abundant fruits when committing " for-nication with the kings of the earth." But they have not been the fruits which result from being united to Christ, for the fruits of the Spirit are not the fruits of a union of the Church with the kings of the earth, but the fruits of a union with Christ, who says:Š Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me. I am the vine, ye are the branches. He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit; for without me ye can do nothing. And now since the only legitimate fruits which the Church can bear are the fruits of a union with Christ, it follows that the " more abundant fruits " which the "infallible" pope declares the Roman Catholic Church bears when united with the governments of earth, must be illegitimate fruits, or the fruits of spiritual " fornication." Thus plainly does Leo XIII., head of the Roman Catholic Church, confess that the church is the fallen Babylon of Revelation. But, again, " by their fruits ye shall know them," says Jesus. What have been the fruits of the union of the Church with the govern-ments of earth? " The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, long-suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance." Have these fruits followed the union of the Roman Catholic Church with the kings of the earth ? Listen for an answer from the speak-ing blood of the martyrs. Read the history of the Inquisition. Ask the silent walls of the convent and dungeon. Ask the " wheel," the " stake," the " rack," the " iron maiden," and the " torture chair." Follow the pope's armies as they march against the Waldenses, the Huguenots, and Albigenses, and see "death and hell " follow in their wake. No, no, the fruit of the union of the Church with the EDITORS. ASAISTANT EDITOR. 