Equal and exact justice to all men,' of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political,ŠThomas 7efferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, DECEMBER 25, 1889. NUMBER 48. J11-12-eFlog Ser2tNel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW Youx; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, B. 3. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. Please send alt orders for the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL to our New York Office. Subscriptions can com-mence with the First Number In January, 1890. Are-Remember the Address, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. .1. Ł  5Ł THE persecutions that have already taken place under the Sunday laws of Georgia, Tennes-see, and Arkansas, give an intimation of what will result when a national Sunday law is en-acted, the object of which, as Senator Blair says, is "to make efficient the Sunday-Rest laws of the States." These intimations are emphasized by the fact that leading National Reformers do not apologize for these persecutions, but uphold then"' as righteous acts. Church and State. THE Bishop of Marseilles, in France, has seen fit to issue to the clergy of his diocese a circular telling them that while the election of deputies is a political matter it is a sin to vote ill. Follow-, ing this the Minister of Public Worship has is-sued a circular calling the attention of the French bishops to the law, and pointing out to them that priests are forbidden to interfere with political matters or to exercise pressure upon the consciences of their flocks. To the people of the United States, born and educated under a representative form of govern-ment, the whole question of Church and State seems a very simple one. The inborn and in-grained sentiment-of the American people is that elections are not matters of ethics, but matters of politics, and that if any religious teacher,-  no matter what he may be called, desires to take any part in them it must be as a citizen, and in no other. capacity. The priest of any religion has an undoubted right to denounce a bad man who is a candidate for office, but that "right depends upon his being a good .citizen, not upon his hold-ing a religious office, and his right is not superior to that of any other good citizen. - France can never be genuinely republican until the divorce between Church and State is made absolute. No matter what may be the pre-, vailing sentiment there, whether a majority of the people be Catholic or Protestant or Israelites or agnostics, the teachers of religion, as such, have no: right to interfere in any way in the electionsi,for :ft.) do so is to destroy the funda-mental idea of popular government.ŠS. F. Citron-Septta4, 189. Civil Government and the Decalogue. THE advocates of Sunday legislation are ear-nestly trying to find a basis for their proposed action, in the fourth commandment. It is true that that commandment says nothing about the first day, which is the only day that National Reformers would consent to have the State set apart, while it does specifically enjoin the observ-ance of the'seventh day; and it is also true that if they could find in the fourth commandment some authority for Sunday observance, that would show beyond the possibility of cavil that their movement is simply an effort to secure religious legislation; but none of these things move them. They have, however, through the kind offices of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, been brought to see that civil governments have to do only with civil matters; and, therefore, in order to have a show of reason for their work, they are claiming that there are civil elements in the ten command-ments, inasmuch as some of those precepts relate to man's duty to his fellow-men. There has been in the past a great deal of unnecessary discussion over the two tables of the decalogue. It has been rightfully claimed that with the first table of the law civil governments have nothing to do; and the National,Reformers themselves more than half believe this. Mr. Crafts, who stands for the American Sabbath Union, has spent a great deal of time of late trying to readjust the tables of the law, so as to make the action of his association consistent with the principle just stated. Instead of dividing the decalogue into two tables, the first containing four commandments, and the second the last six, which is the most common division, he makes the di-vision just after the first clause of the fourth commandment, putting the bulk of the fourth, and the last six, into the second table. Of course this is entirely arbitrary, having no authority but Mr. Crafts' assertion; but it serves to show that Mr. Crafts appreciates the truth of the state-ment that civil governments have of right nothing to do with the first table of the decalogue. But that statement tells only a part of the truth, and is misleading; for the fact is that civil governments have nothing whatever to do with any of the ten commandments, whether in the first table or in the second. The discussion as to the two tables of the law is entirely unnecessary, and will be seen to be so when the character of-the whole law is nnderstood. The proposition which we lay down is this: Civil laws are not based upon, and do not derive their force from, the divine law; and civil government has nothing whatever to do with any commandment of the decalogue. This we think can readily be made to appear. 1. The law is a unit. It is, as a whole, the expression of God's will, the transcript of his  character; and therefore whatever is true of one part of the law is true of the whole. 2. The inspired declaration is that "the law is spiritual." Rom. 7:14. This is spoken, not merely of the first four commandments, bueof the whole law. Let us dwell upon this point for a few moments. While it is true that the first four command-ments pertain to our duties to God exclusively, and the last six relate to duties that also affect our fellows, it is not true that there is any less morality or spirituality in the last six than in the first four. Although they define human duties, there is in them no human element. They are spiritual, and obedience to them must be spirit-ual. Anything else is not obedience. Take for illustration our Saviour's comments on certain commandments, recorded in Matt. 5: 20- 28. In that passage we find that a word may be sufficient to constitute a violation of the sixth commandment, and that the seventh may be broken by a single look, or even a thought. It is worthy of note that the commandments whose breadth the Saviour thus indicated, are found in the second table. Now what did he do?ŠHe simply showed what those commandments require. From his words we learn that the commandment, "Thou shalt not kill," forbidS malicious thoughts and words. He who indulges in these does not keep the commandment at all, although he may never have laid violent hands on any man, The commandnient which says, "Thou shalt not com-mit adultery," forbids impure desires. It does not stop short of that. He who indulges in these violates the seventh commandment, although he may have lived a hermit all his life. From the words of the apostle Paul, and the illustrative application of Jesus, we learn that the lawŠincluding every commandmentŠis wholly spiritual. If it is not kept spiritually, it is not kept at all. There is no such thing as degrees in the commandments, so that a man may keep them half way, and receive credit therefor, as seems to be supposed by those who talk about keeping the law outwardly. It is true that as the greater includes the less, strict compliance with the letter of the law is demanded, and is necessarily included in spiritual obedience; but the man whose apparent conformity to the law is only outward, has not yielded any obedi-ence to it whatever. The law is wholly spirit-ual, wholly divine. 3. But civil government is not spiritual. No one can gainsay this proposition. Inasmuch as civil government cannot enforce spirituality, and cannot make men spiritually-minded, it has no right nor power to require spirituality. "God is a spirit, and they that worship him must wor-ship him in spirit and in truth." A spiritual ruler justly requires spiritual obedience. He 