46 A_MITJEZI CA Tki. 71VIL'INIHALA Vol,. 11 No. 6. suppress them in order to continue its own existence. Tolerance is the only thing that can exist, but tolerance is in no sense liberty. Liberty is an inherent right of every individual iptelligence in heaven above or in the earth beneath. They are all alike responsible alone to the Being who gave them existence, and to no State, Church, or other power, in things pertaining to religion. Therefore when the framers of the Constitution placed in it Arti- cle 39, which reads, "No one shall be mo-lested because of his religious opinions, nor compelled by the authorities to profess beliefs nor observe practices contrary to his con-science; " it was with the idea that the said opinions, beliefs and practices should not conflict with those of the Catholic Church. They thus state their idea of religious lib- erty:Š There is a substantial difference between liberty of conscience and religious liberty. The first is founded in the very nature of man, God made him a relig-ious being, and gave him a conscience so that he could know, love, obey and worship him. For man, a re-ligious life is a necessity, the greatest of all needs. It is the fountain of all his strength and blessings. Such being man's nature, the government and laws to secure the best good must adjust themselves not only so as not to violate any one's conscience, but they must also respect all manifestations of that conscience, provided, these manifestations do not bring with them danger to social order. ' Religious liberty can go, and ordinarily does go, very far. It can manifest itself by many external acts which both affect society and the State; it estab-lishes one or many classes of worship; it can per- petuate and make itself energetically felt; it can found a religious power and consequently a religious regime. This is work, and not simply liberty of conscience. It is external, organized, acting religious power. Note the fact. You can believe and think what you may, but action is prohibited. The reason assigned for it runs: " Because the first only affects the life and rights of the indi'vid-ual, while the second affects the mass of the people, and closely, the life and rights of the State." Now the republic of Colombia denies the right to teach any religion except the Catholic, to the people of the republic. This statement will be made more evident by the following:Š If in any people one religion predominates, this should be particularly respected, aided and protected. The duty of protecting religion rests in the binding obligations of morality, for it is impossible for an ir-religious people to have good institutions and laws. Therefore the object of civil governments is to pro-mote the welfare and happiness of the people; but it is impossible to do so if they are opposing them in their dearest desires. But should there exist at the same time so many different religions that it would be impossible to decide which is the popular or na-tional religion, the injustice of that which would protect one to the detriment of the other is evi-dent; or the monstrosity formed by giving them equal protection. as though all were the true, thus imparting the same official respect to the false as to the true. The Catholic Church is so identified with the moral life of the people of Colombia, that it is impossible to protect them without protecting their religion. In this we see the necessity and justice of recognizing their religion and giving to their church the preroga-tives that are rightfully hers. Among these are in-dspendenee, authority, dignity and respect. Such being the situation, would it be consistent to give ab-solute religious liberty to other religions or churches, even though they were Christians? No; because re-ligious lib-rty requires liberty of action in religious matters; but to permit the free exercise of this would be inflicting a deep wound on the feelings of the nation, and would also become the cause of frequent conflicts. Catholicism being universal in Colombia, this equality cannot be admitted. Injury is also done in contending, that the rarest dissenters in the republic should enjoy equal liberties and advan-tages with the Catholics who constitute the vast ma-jority. Such is the reason assigned for not recogniz-ing liberty of worship in Colombia. Dissent-ers are only tolerated and respected as excep- tions; tolerance there is only that in harmony with the laws, and in consequence of treaties made by Colombia with other nations. Again we quote :Š Thus, to our mind, is harmonized the two consist-ing rights: that of the immense majority of the Co-lombian people, whose church and worship is Cath-olic, and who should receive particular respect and protection, because it represents the conscience of that vast majority; the other, that of the few dissenters, who, as beings of a distinct religion, positive or neg-ative, are conscientious in action, and must, in their respective spheres, equally receive the respect and protection of the laws in their persons and belief. The constitution does not protect these beliefs when in the form of a church, but respects them and toler-ates their profession, protecting them from violence and tyranny. From these quotations one might draw the conclusion that the argument is rather con-flicting, yet it is as good as can be furnished in support of a union between the State and the Church. We might also conclude that in this we have the expression of the majority of the people concerning liberty in religious wor-ship. But from my experience among the people I am persuaded that it does not repre-sent the mind and feelings of the vast major-ity of the Colombians, but only of a small minority who have been accustomed to rule, and who, knox ing that their power would soon vanish if freedom was allowed generally, have succeeded in bringing about the present ar-rangement of affairs so as to retain themselves in power. I believe that the majority of the people are inclined to be liberal in their views and actions when they can act for themselves. Why is even toleration granted to the dis-senters ? This question receives its answer under the 40th Article, which reads as fol-lows All forms of worship are permitted which are not contrary to Christian morals and the laws. Acts contrary to Christian morality or subversive of public order, performed in connection or under the pretext of the exercise of worship, shall be subject to the common law. Now in the Catholic's mind there is no other true religion but the Catholic religion; there-fore the propagation of religions which differ from Catholicism must be prohibited, because they are subversive of Christian morals and tend to overturn the public tranquility. That this is the way the last two articles are under-stood by the people is evident from the fol-lowing, taken from the El Telegrama, of May 14th, 1895, and published in connection with the archbishop's circular of May 12th. It reads:Š The constitution imposes tolerance under Articles 39 and 40 in matters of religious worship, but there must be no confounding of the right to perform public worship with that of publicly proselyting This we know they have done with individuals from among the poorer classes. . . . The permitting of this is to nullify the 39th Article of the fundamental law of the republic. This we know is the idea they have of the liberty given to those who may differ with them on religious subjects. This the reader can see by a short study of the three articles previously quoted. But why is even tolerance granted? For this we also have their reason, and it reads:Š They [the framers of the constitution] wished to advance the liberality of the nation, by permitting the exercise of all worship not contrary to Christian morals or the laws. And why does it take the form of a permission ? Other religions not being free in their own right, and a diversity of worships, accord-ing to the minds of the Catholic being an evil, this evil being less than to have the dissenters practice no religion, they admitted this tolerance, under which they may practice their worship. But this permission is not, nor could it be uncon-ditional: on one hand, the foreign worship must not be contrary to Christian morality ; and on the other,  not in opposition to the laws. Why the first? Be-cause the Colombian people being Christians, could not, nor can they permit, that which is not in har-mony with Christian moralityŠthe morality taught by Jesus Christ. To this we might add, " as accepted and taught by the Catholic Church. " The reader must ever keep in mind that no other ideas of morality or religion exists among the mass of the people but those of the Cath-olic religion. If the reader fails in doing this he cannot comprehend the situation, relig-iously, as it exists in eolombia. And why the second? " Because the legis-lator may find in the future principles or practices in the worship of the dissenters that which may be immoral, and cause damage to the nation." Mr. Samper then adds: " This makes sure the liberty of the Catholic Church." I agree with him. The church has been made as secure as she could well be, and the toler-ance and rights of the one who might disagree with her as small as possible. If I were to judge from the sayings and actions of the past year, I would conclude that the little tolerance which is now accorded would be gladly with-drawn if a way were seen in which the prob-able complications that might arise with other nations could be disposed of. The writer trusts that the above may afford one ray of light for the party who asked for light from South America. Ł ENFORCED IDLENESS. A BILL recently introduced in the legisla-ture of the province of Buenos Ayres, South America, provides that "in the territory of the province, besides Sunday, only the following days shall be feast days: 1st of January, 25th of May, 9th of July, Christmas, and Good Friday." While the intent of the bill, it seems, is to enforce labor on all the Catholic feast days excepting those named, and is there-fore regarded unfavorably by many Catholics, the Protestants are objecting to it on the ground that the State has no right to require a cessation of work on any church feast days, and that enforced idleness is a great source of crime any way. These objections are valid, and we would that all Protestants were con-sistent enough to hold to them and not violate the principles involved in them by asking the State to compel men to observe the church festival of Sunday, and to enforce idleness on that day. Enforced idleness works the same on Sunday as on " Good Friday." Both are church festival days, ordained by the same church, one in honor of the crucifixion, and the other in honor of the resurrection of Christ, and neither by any command of God. ŠBible Echo, Melbourne, Victoria. " THE REV. PETER -YORK," says the Cath-olic Review, "is doing valiant service for the church by the printed word in the sterling Monitor and the daily press of San Francisco." And in support of its assertion, the Review quotes as follows from a recent article from the pen of Mr. York:Š Again let me assert that the Catholic Church is not in politics. She plants her feet firmly on the prin-ciple of the separation of Church and State, which is the foundation stone of our country's prosperity. Neither by her bishops, nor by her priests, nor by her laymen does she wish to interfere in national or local politics. What a mistake the world has been making to be sure! Sixty-six times have the Jesuits been expelled from various countries for in- Ł terfering in politics, but it must have been all a mistake! for does not Mr. York con-fess that " the church " does not " wish to interfere in. national or local p >litics " ? 