AMERICAN SENTINEL. 613 rael. God himself directed Moses in making the laws. None other than inspired law making was of any use vvhatever, as none but God-given laws are fit to govern any nation, and no one but God understands politics, "the science of government." And Moses' generalship? Well, when Israel first con-fronted foes in battle Joshua was sent out as general and Ł Moses' business was simply to pray. And so it was through all the wilderness journey; and that is about the way that God values purely worldly education now as a fitting out for his service. Tallmadge, 0. IT is remarkable how "the press" can see in the speeches of the rulers of Europe "flings," insinuations, "taunts," and all such disrespectful things toward each other, whereas in fact there is nothing of the kind. Re-marks which are perfectly proper in themselves, from such sources, are instantly caught up and filled with sinister meanings, and in flaming headlines are so pro-claimed to the world. It seems evident that the press is "spoiling for a fight"Šprovided always that otherŁ people will do the fighting. Ł -4 State National Reform Convention at Columbus, Ohio. This meeting was appointed for September 28, sessions being held in the morning, afternoon, and evening. Only about thirty-five persons were in attendanceŠa smaller number, it was said, than would have been present but for the fact that several other conventions were in session in the city. Prof. Payton was elected chairman; and, as an-nounced, Rev. J. Knox Montgomery, of Cincinnati,'spoke first on the subject of "The Proper Relation of Civil Law to the Sabbath." The speaker said that church people were largely responsible for the desecration of the SabbathŠthat at one time a lady was worrying because her son only at-tended church once on Sunday and then. enjoyed himself the rest of the day, and spoke of it to the minister, who replied that if he went to church in the morning she ought to congratulate herself and not worry. The speaker said that a man who would apply the same reasoning as used by this minister to the law in regard to stealing, killing, etc., would be regarded as a fool. Those who are in authority, whose business it is to execute the laws, disregard the day. If these peopleŠ - mayors, city officials, etc., who are now in the city and considering the best lighting of cities, telegraphic service, etc., would think more of the Sabbath than of electric lights there would be far less need of the best telegraphic system to get police service to all places and quarters of these cities day after day, and especially Sabbath after-110011. Governments are to protect their citizens in their lives and rights and properties and to enact laws to this end; and if it be true that the Sabbath is a God-given heritage to man, and it be also true, as said, that one seventh of the laborers of this country are robbed of this right by toil and traffic, and 150,000 in the mail service, then we discover that the government itself is violating° the law that has been enacted by God and reenacted by Congress and by the legislatures of the various States. Then, certainly, our government needs reformation along this line. The national Constitution declares that Congress shall not enact any law regarding an establishment of religion or any law that will interfere with the rights of man in the worship of his God; and yet, said the speaker, "it seems to me that when the United States Government declares that the mails, shall be carried all over this coun-try on the Sabbath and that all the post-offices shall be open where the people demand it, this certainly interferes with the right of any Christian man, at least, who may be in the employ of the government, to worship God ac-cording to his own desire. "01 course, it is maintained that if a man's conscien-tious convictions will not allow him to engage in this sort of occupation on the Sabbath, he is at liberty to resign; and yet it does not seem to me that that is right. "Along with the Sunday mail traffic is the 'Sunday train and Sunday saloon and newspaper. The Sabbath is imperiled all along these lines; and if it be true that morality and religion lie at the basis of all good govern-ment, and if it be true that the Sabbath lies at the foun-dation of true morality and religion, then,l declare it to be true that the Sabbath being imperiled, the govern-ment itself is imperiled. Certainly every government has a right to enact laws that look toward the morals of the people. Then the government should enact such laws. "It seems to me that the proper relation of civil law to the Sabbath is that of protectionŠnot as a religious institution, but as a civil institution. Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religionŠcertainly not. None of us advocate anything of the sort; but if it is so that the profanation of the Sabbath is a demoralization of the people, then the government should have at heart the elevation of the morals of the people and should enact and enforce laws that look after the protection of this rest day and its preservation as a God-given right to every man. "The idea, of course, is often set forth that we are endeavoring to make people go to church by law, and have no right to legislate regarding the SabbathŠbe-cause all Sabbath legislation is in the interest of Christi- anity. Well, certainly it is; and yet the fact is that all Sabbath legislation is in the interests of the State, be-cause it is in the interests of the morals and intelligence of the citizen in the State. Civil law should protect this institution. "We are told in the Word of God regarding other na- 