NOVEMBER 15, 1894. C.A..1N7 EINTrrIII‚TEALA. 355 pathy with her husband, and though loath to be separated from him for so long a time, yet she encouraged him to faith-fulness, promising to care for the family of little ones as best she can. President Cleveland's Thanksgiving Proclamation. THE President of the United States, fol-lowing the example of every president, we believe, except Jefferson, has, in his as-sumed role of High Priest of the nation, the American Pontifex Maximus, as it were, has issued his proclamation, direct-ing certain religious observances by all the people for the 29th day of the present month. This proclamation is as follows :Š The American people should gratefully render thanksgiving and praise to the Supreme Ruler of the Universe, who has watched over them with kindness and fostering care during the year that has passed. They should also, with. humility and faith, supplicate the Father of all Mercies for continued blessings ac-aording to their needs, and they should, by deeds of charity, seek the favor of the Giver of every good and perfect gift. Ł Therefore I, Grover Cleveland, President of the United States, do hereby appoint and set apart Thursday, the twenty-ninth day of November, instant, as a day of thanksgiving and prayer, to be kept and observed by all the people of the land. On that day let our ordinary work and business be suspended, and let us meet in our accustomed places of worship and give thanks to Almighty God for our preservation as a nation, for our immunity from disease and pestilence, for the harvests that have rewarded our husbandry, for a renewal of national prosperity, and for every advance in virtue and intel-ligence that has marked our growth as a people. And with our thanksgiving let us pray that these blessings may be multiplied unto us, that our national conscience may be quickened to a better recognition of the power and goodness of God, and that in our national life we may clearer see and closer follow the path of righteousness. And in our places of worship and praise, as well as in the happy reunions of kindred and friends, on that day let us invoke Divine approval by generously re-membering the poor and needy. Surely He who has given us comfort and plenty will look upon our relief of the destitute and our ministrations of charity as the work of hearts truly grateful and as proofs of the sincerity of our thanksgiving. Witness my hand and the seal of the United States, which I have caused to be hereto affixed. Done at the city of Washington on the first day of November, in the year of our Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-four, and of the independence of the United States the 119th. [Seal.] GROVER CLEVELAND. By the President W. Q. GRESHAM, Secretary of State. The terms of this proclamation are man-datory, but of course there being no pen-alty for non-observance of the prescribed religious services, the people will do as they please on the 29th instant, so far as observing the day sacred to the American stomach is concerned. But we are con-strained to agree with Jefferson, who thus stated his reasons for not issuing the cus- tomary proclamation :Š I consider the Government of the United States as interdicted by the Constitution from intermeddling with religious institutions, their doctrines, discipline, or exercises. . . . But it is only proposed that I should recommend, not prescribe, a day of fasting and prayer. That is, that I should indirectly assume to the United States an authority over religious exer-cises, which the Constitution has directly precluded them from. It must be meant, too, that this recom-mendation is to carry some authority, and to be sanc-tioned by some penalty on those who disregard it ; not, indeed, of fine and imprisonment, but of some degree of proscription, perhaps in public opinion. And does the change in the nature of the penalty make the recommendation less a law of conduct for those to whom it is directed ? I do not believe it is Ł for the interest of religion to invite the civil magis-trate to direct its exercises, its discipline, or its doc-trines; nor of the religious societies, that the General Government should be invested with the power of effecting any uniformity of time or matter among them. Fasting and prayer are religious exercises; the  enjoining them, an act of discipline. Every religious society has a right to determine for itself the times for these exercises, and the objects proper for them, according to their own particular tenets; and this right can never be safer than in their own hands, where the Constitution has deposited it. Jefferson, it will be remembered, was one of the framers of the Constitution, and probably knew its meaning as well as any man then living, and much better than any man now living. One Cause of Hypocrisy and Irrever- ence. RELIGION and the State cannot be united without injury to the reverence due to the Creator. Where the State interferes in behalf of the Church, enforcing her pre-cepts, religion suffers, for there is mockery and irreverence. To the world it seems that the Church has more adherents when her precepts are enforced by the civil power, but in reality she has not. People who serve God only under compulsion are hypocrites. The true follower of Christ serves God from love to him, and not be-cause he is compelled to. Like Paul, the love of God constrains him. He sees the love of God manifested toward him in the gift of his Son Jesus, and so he is con-strained, not compelled, to serve his Maker. He sees the love of God mani-fested through his long-suffering, mercy and goodness toward him, and that love constrains him to love God in return. By beholding the love of God, he becomes changed into the image of God, and has charity toward all men, even as God has, compelling none to believe as he does, but through the love of God which is in him, he entreats his fellow-men to serve the God of love, the Father of light. He is long-suffering, merciful and good, even as God is, and suffers long with those who will not follow God as he does. He has no thought of calling upon any other power except God. He knows that man cannot be forced to serve God. Jesus is his example. He suffered long with those he came to save, neither did he compel them to serve him and follow his precepts. In tears he looked upon the city he loved, and his great heart of compassion swelled with emotion caused by the sorrow he felt toward that nation, and it found expres-sion in the loving, tender words : " 0, Je-rusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets, and stonest them that are sent unto thee, how often would I have gath-ered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not." There is no compul-sion in these words; nothing but love and pit The Christian knows that the religion of Jesus Christ is spiritual, but that the State, the civil power, is carnal, and that they cannot agree together. That which is carnal does not, cannot, understand the requirements of a just God. There is no justice in the carnal. God alone is just, and to all who serve him in sincerity and truth, he teaches justice. The State is carnal, worldly, the Church is spiritual, godly, and " doth a fountain send forth at the same place sweet water and bitter ?" Do men gather grapes of thorns or figs of thistles ? By their fruits they shall be 'known. All who serve God, who are the children of the Heavenly King, will follow the teaching of their Divine Master, and not resort to force. Where there is a union of Church and  State, the Church, so-called, is at enmity against God, for he despises the hypocrite. "Be not deceived; God is not mocked; whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap." The world to-day is filled with hypocrites. Worldly men put on their religious garb, the religious garb of the civil power, and under that serve Satan even better than they would without it. Take, for instance, the music halls of the large cities and seaside places. On Sun-day they pretend to have " sacred con-certs," and with that is attended every crime and evil that is carried on in such places. Is this hypocrisy ? Is this mock-ery ? Yet this is the religion enforced by the State. The civil power walks past these places perfectly' satisfied. They understand not the requirements of God. This is as far as the carnal heart can un-derstand the requirements of a just, pure, God. Union of Church and State also encour-ages irreverence. Men of corrupt, selfish minds profess to serve God when in reality they are worse than the worst infidel. In England, the song, "God Save the Queen," which is, or is supposed to be, the prayer of the people, is sung in every worldly gathering, where the minds and desire of men are on selfish, worldly pleasure. Is this not irreverence toward. God their Creator ? Can it be believed for a moment by those who have the least conception of what a righteous God requires of his fol-lowers, that he hearkens to a prayer sung or said in such a way as this is sung ? It is mockery, irreverence; yet this is the religion of the State. This is how the carnal State teaches the people to serve God. This is enforced religion. Men join the church in order to gain for them-selves an office of the State. Yet the Church says this is all right. They cannot see that it is hypocrisy right through. The Congress of the United States heark-ened to the voice of the Church in order to gain her favors, because of the threats she made; and so it is in everything where Church and State are joined. The whole thing is hypocrisy, mockery, irreverence. How different is the true worship of God. By those who know God and know what he requires of them, and what is due to him, there is a deep devotion, a rever-ence, which is far different from that of those taught by the State or a worldly Church. " The weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God, to the pulling down of strongholds." No other weapon can be successfully used to carry on the work of God in the earth. Force is Satan's method, and those who use it are using the weapon of Satan to carry on the work of God. Jesus said : " My kingdom is not of this world, else would my servants fight." God requires his servants to use his power alone to do his work. They are to stand by and see the hand of the Lord in their work. " Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." We have an instance of this in the fall-ing of the walls of Jericho. All that the people were to do was to obey the voice of the Lord, not use force, and so the work was accomplished by the power of God. He is able to take care of his own work without the aid of any carnal institution. When he comps, and the people who have forced his religion on men stand before,' him, saying, " IN THY NAME we have done' all these things," he will ask the question, " Who bath required this at your hands ?" ALFRED MALLETT. 