22 THE AMEFICAN SENTINEL. When we remember the record which Rome has made, it is startling to read in an influen-tial Protestant journal that "the Pope is a tem-poral prince, and the amenities which are paid to princes are due to him." And it is still more startling to learn that almost every Na-tion is giving practical evidence of its belief in this statement. Someone may say," Oh, it is not because they favor Catholicism; they do it simply from political motives." Of . course; nations and their rulers never take any steps except from political motives; and the Roman Catholic Church is simply a vast political machine, and therein lies the danger from it. We have no fears that Protestant America will ever turn Catholic in name; but when Protestants cease to protest, they might as well be Catholics. We hold that Protest-antism to-day ought to stand in the same re-lation to Catholicism that it did in the days of the Reformation. That does not mean that we should hate Catholics, or that we should have any feelings towards them other than those of Christian charity and courtesy; but it does mean that we should protest against the principles and practices of the Church of Rome, and not be dazzled by its display of wealth and power. We said above that "it is startling to read in an influential Protestant journal that the Pope is a temporal prince, and the amenities which are paid to princes are due to him." But we don't read such language in a Protestant journal. Protestant journals do not contem-plate a union of Protestantism and Catholi-cism. The Christian Union is not a Protestant journal; and the fact that it is an influential journal, and that other professedly Protestant journals, as the New York Independent, and Christian at Work, stand in the same position, is evidence. to us that there is very little Prot-estantism nowadays. Let the reader read carefully the last para-graph of the Christian Union's article. Note the following sentences: " It is not impossible that the time may come when the old antag-onism of the Catholic and the Protestant may appear insignificant in view of the deeper antagonism which shall make them essen-tially one." "Stranger things have happened in history than such a change in attitude as would be involved in the fellowship of the Roman Catholic and the Protestant." Stranger things have happened, and no doubt this will happen; but the man who can calmly con-template such an event, has not read the his-tory of the middle ages, or has read it to little purpose. But what can be said of the one who can deliberately bid for such a union with Roman Catholicism ? The nations of the Old World are nearly all now virtually at the feet of the Pope. They have been brought there through policy. Germany repealed the May Laws, and made friends with the Pope, in order to secure his help in the struggle with the 'socialists. Rus-sia wants his help to settle her internal dis-sensions; and England must have him as mediator in the trouble with Ireland. We have not the slightest doubt but that in a few years Protestantism and Catholicism will  be virtually one in crushing out " atheism." And who will be classed among the atheists? The Christian Statesman has already told us,Ševery man who opposes the National Reform attempt to enforce the observance of Sunday. He may believe in God, in Jesus Christ, and the gospel, and in the Bible, but if he keeps the fourth commandment just as it reads, instead of keeping it as interpreted by the church, he will be counted an atheist. In short, every man who insists upon the right of private judgment in matters of religion, will be classed among the atheists. And this is what is actually coming to pass in this country. The spirit of it is every-where. We wish to again emphasize the fact that the SENTINEL is uncompromisingly op-posed to everything like a union of Church and State; whether in name or in fact. We do not stand opposed simply to the so-called National Reform movement. Those who are looking at that alone, will be terribly surprised some day. We warn the people of America that degenerate Protestantism, which comprises nearly all the Protestantism that- now exists, is about to sell their liberty to the Church of Rome. Let every true man keep his eyes open to discern. the signs of the times. E. J. W. Rome's Work. AT the late Conference of the Evangelical Alliance, Bishop A. C. Coxe, of New York, gave an address on "Ultramontanism," in which he spoke of the relationship of Roman Catholics to our Constitution and laws, and showed the danger to our institutions from the evil workings of Rome. We present the following extract as containing points of spe- cial interest to American citizens just now, especially as the National Reform Association is commissioned to secure "if possible" the co-operation of Rome, in its designs upon our Constitution, and our public schools. "Happily;  the spirit of the Gallican max- ims has its equivalents in our American Con-stitution, and it is actually imbedded in the naturalization laws. Let me quote them, in brief, as follows:Š "1. The alien seeking to be naturalized must make oath two years beforehand of his bona fide intention to become a citizen of the United States, and to renounce forever all al-legiance and fidelity to any foreign prince, poten-tate, State, or sovereignty; in particular that to which he has been subject. " 2. When he applies for naturalization after the two years thus provided for, he must prove that he has resided in the United States five years at least; that during that time he has behaved as a man of good moral character, attached to the principles of the Constitution, and well disposed to the good order and hap-piness of the same. "' 3. If he has borne any hereditary title, or been of any of the orders of nobility in the kingdom or State from which he came, he shall in addition to the above requisites make an express renunciation of his title or order of nobility. "4. Finally, he shall at the time of his ap-plication make oath that he will support the Constitution of the United States, and that he absolutely and entirely renounces and abjures all allegiance and fidelity to every foreign prince,  potentate, State, or sovereignty, particularly the State or sovereignty of which he has been a subject.'"--Revised Statutes of the United States. Title XXX, page 880. Washington. 1875. "In brief, then, our Constitution, as inter-preted by legislation, asserts Home Rule for Americans. It assumes that no foreign po-tentate whatever shall be permitted to dictate to us in matters of politics, of society, of leg-islation, of jurisprudence, of education, or of government in any of its forms. No Ameri-can citizen shall be subject to any foreign court, so that he may be summoned to a for-eign country to answer for his political con-duct, or for anything affecting his rights as a citizen. Our country is competent to manage-its own affairs; to settle the delicate relations, between labor and capital, and to regulate as-sociations and organizations among the peo-ple, without inquiring of a foreign court, ig-norant of our conditions, 'our wants, and the spirit of our laws, what Americans may law-fully do. "Take, for example, the case of a Roman Catholic citizen who happens to be an eccle-siastic, and who assumes a political position,. which some regard as in conflict with his vo-cation; let his local superiors settle the eccle-siastical question here among themselves and give him just judgment, where, if they rob him of his profession and means of liveli-hood unjustly, they can be punished by the laws. As an American, he cannot lawfully be summoned beyond seas, to be judged by an Italian court. For look, if he can be thus dealt with for a wrong position, he may, also, be cited abroad and punished for a right one. If they may call him to account in Italy for his conduct in America when he votes for an agrarian, so, also, when it comes to sustaining our common-school system, he may be cited to Rome and stripped of his profession, be-cause he votes to uphold and to perpetuate it. "If this can be done in one case, so in a thousand; and by terrorism, a thousand ec-clesiastics may be forced to vote as an Italian dictates (an Antonelli, perhaps, or another Borgia), and every such ecclesiastic will con-trol a thousand lay voters by like terrorism. What then? The Government itself may be turned into a dependency of the Court of Rome. The balance of power may enable a minority to usurp the functions of govern-ment under color of law, and lo ! we are trans-formed into a Mexico, with no choice but to bow our necks to a foreign domination, or to involve ourselves in religious wars for the preservation of freedom. See how wise are our laws in their unconscious Gallicanism; intolerant of all foreign interference, and, as I said, asserting Home Rule for Americans. We choose to be governed by ourselves, as were our Anglo-Saxon forefathers by them-selves, in the darkest days of Papal domina-tion. It was then that they said to the Ital-ians: Nolumus leges Anglia; mutari.' We say just as emphatically of our American laws and constitutions: We will not suffer them to be altered by any foreign dictation what-ever. "But what is our actual concern with these 