AMERICAN SENTINEL. 697 lished in Southwest Virginia." Among some "distinc-tive Baptist marks" to which it calls attention we note these two:Š "1. The Bible is the sole and sufficient rule in all matters of religionŠto the exclusion of human tradi-tion." * If the Baptist holds to this principle, what course must it be expected to pursue in view of the fact that the Bible declares the seventh day to be the Sabbath, sets the Sabbath law in the bosom of the unchangeable Decalogue, nowhere says that any other day is the Sab-bath, and that tradition alone does assert that Sunday ought to be kept as a sacred day? * "2. God has given to every man the right to inter-pret Scripture for himself, and therefore man is respon-sible to God and God alone for his faith and practise." Yes; God has given every man the right to interpret Scripture for himself; but this is not saying that it is right for any man to do this. And plainly, it is not right; for no man is qualified to be an interpreter of Scripture, and a man can only involve himself in error when he attempts to do it. If a man is to have a human interpretation of Scripture, he might as well take that which has been furnished by the popes and the church councils and "fathers." But he does not want his own or any other human interpretation. He does not want any "private interpretation," which every human inter-pretation of Scripture must. He wants an interpreta-tion by God's interpreterŠthe Holy Spirit. Only such an interpretation is authoritative and safe. And this he can have through the gift of the Holy Spirit, upon terms which are too plainly set forth to be missed by any Bible reader. * * * PRESS dispatches state that "a definite understand-ing has been reached between Great Britain and the United States and China," by which the United States will support Great Britain in her poliCy in China. This is understood by the governments of Europe, and they will formally request the United States "to select some specific part or portion of China as its base of com-merce," to which it is to restrict its efforts to develop trade. "Great Britain," we are further told, "is very desirous that the United States should suggest a desire for a part in and a portion of the Yangtse-kiang Val-ley," where England's hold "is maintained in face of the opposition of combined Europe." * * * This news is sufficiently instructive and suggestive, but only what was to be expected in the natural course of events to which the existing national policy has given  rise. The United States will make no long stop at the Philippines on its way to the territorial and commercial riches of the Orient; and when it stands on the Asiatic mainland facing "combined Europe," the American peo-ple will be told that they are still paying only the costs of "legitimate expansion." * * * "His speeches against imperialism' all over the country are liberally interlarded with quotations from the addresses of Lincoln," says the Chicago Times` Herald, of a man whose attitude it strongly condemns. But what about the speeches of those who favor "expan-sion"Šhow much use have they for anything contained in Lincoln's addresses? If any of their speeches have been interlarded with quotations from him, we have failed thus far to hear of it in a single instance. And why is this so? * ALL the Roman Catholic churches in the Milwaukee diocese have been notified to arrange for the incorpora-tion of the parishes, and as soon as they are incorpo-rated and ready to receive property it will be deeded to them by Archbishop Katzer. This is to escape paying taxes on church property held by the archbishop, which by a recent court decision would be necessary. The archbishop held a large amount of property in the name of the church, for which he claimed exemption from tax-ation. But the Supreme Court of Wisconsin recently declared church property of this nature held by an arch-bishop was taxable. The Catholic Church, of course, does not mean to pay taxes if it can be avoided; in which respect that church is much like other churches. * IT is proposed to prepare and present to Congress, before the close of the year, a petition signed by as many names as can be secured in a vigorous canvass throughout the country, to read as follows:Š "PATRIOT'S PLEDGE "TO DEFEND THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE AT THE POLLS. "We, the undersigned voters, pledge ourselves to each other and to the American people to subordinate all other political issues, in 1900, to preservation of the free popular government founded by Washington and saved by Lincoln; to oppose at all costs the degrada-tion of this democratic republic into a military empire; and to cast our ballots in favor of only such party plat-form and candidates as shall be thoroughly loyal to the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution of the United States, and the equal rights of all mankind." * * * GENERAL Joseph Wheeler, who attained great popu-larity in the late Cuban campaign, writes from the Phil-ippines to a relative in Nashville, Tenn., this statement 