47,,,t11.V.1117, .11147 4.74, 4,4,t1PV SPECIAL OFFER. 54 The price of the "Sentinel" is $1 per oo,' year, but the publishers have decid ed to extend to every subscriber now on the list an agency for the paper, and receive >` new subscriptions from them at the regŠular agent's rate; namely, 75 cents per year. In addition to this, we will date the >< expiration of the subscriptions January 1, 1900, thus giving the remaining weeks of this year FREE. ct 41'444 4n LA t " 47.17 ":17^' Ł . 4 34  34  %‚ten m 756 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American NEW YORK, DECEMBER 1, 1898. "I WOULD rather be a Malay, sub-ject to Spain," says Dr. Parkhurst, "than an American Indian subject to the Indian Bureau." This states his view of imperialism, and it con-tains a vast amount of truth on this subject. THE world's need of Christianity was never morel strikingly demon-strated in every place than it is to-day, at the close of the nineteenth century. Civilization and the tri-umphs of science have not sufficed to bring prosperity and hap-piness to the people; they have not solved the prob-lems which confront and perplex statesmen in every civilized land. Christian-ity alone can solve those problems to the satisfac-tion of all parties. Christi-anity breaks down every barrier between a man and his fellowmen; its working is unhindered by differences of race, color, or social or financial conditions. It teaches every person self government and self-support, aces covetousness and substitutes in its place brotherlylove, and puts the desire to serve in the place of the nat-ural disposition to rule. When men will exemplify these principles in their lives, every problem of good govern-ment will be effectually solved. THE only disarmament which will ever bring universal peace to the world is the disarming of the mind that is filled with the carnal elements of hatred, envy, and strife. And this must be an indiVidual work, per-formed through the agency of divine grace. THE Russian Government is ne-gotiating with the Krupp and Vulcan iron works of Germany for the con-struction of new ship yards in Russia,  and for the employment of German engineers and workmen, in contem-plation of a great increase of the Russian navy. The Berlin papers refer to this as being "an interesting satire on the Czar's appeal for inter-national disarmament and universal peace." IT is beginning to be boldly advo-cated by men of influence in American affairs, that there is in this country no natural right of suffrage,Šthat no such right is asserted by the Dec-laration of Independence or the Con-stitution. This is said in the North to justify imperialism, and in the South to justify the disfranchisement of the negro. It means, when carried into effect, class rule, which is but one form of despotism. Its meaning cannot be limited to the negro or the inhabitant of Porto Rico, Hawaii, or the Philippines; for if it is admit-ted that a person has no right to vote or hold office because he is a negro, or a semi-civilized native of new American territory, by the same principle it can be asserted and justi-fied that no objectionable person of whatever race or color has any right of suffrage; that is, that no people for whom other people in the major-ity or in power have a very strong dislike, or consider beneath them-selves, have any right to participa-tion in the Government. There are classes of white people who have quite as strong an aversion for each other as the white people of the South have for the negroes. Many of the poor hate the rich, and would  put negroes in public office sooner than vote for the men who stand at the head of the combinations of wealth; and many of the latter, on the other hand, look upon the mass of the poor as being no more than so much cattle, and no more qualified to participate in government than are the negroes in the estimation of the Southern whites. When therefore a person is disfranchised because he is an inferior socially or physiologi-cally, or is looked down upon, or violently disliked by his neighbors, every essential feature of republican government is set aside, and the right of suffrage is asserted only for those who have the power to enforce it. This can result only in the es-tablishment of class rule, which is as essentially a despotism as is the rule of theautoerat of the Russias. Any negro, or Malay, or Hawaiian, who is able to govern himselfŠto control his own conduct so as to show respect for the rights of his neighborsŠis quali-fied to participate in the Government of the United States; and any white man who can not govern himself Šwho oversteps the rights of his neighbors because he does not respect themŠis not qualified to participate in that Gov-ernment, no matter what his wealth or influence, or station in society. It is startling to see these funda-mental principles of free government denied as they now are both in word and deed in this country. Such signs portend a revolution in government from republicanism to a monarchy, as surely as though accompanied by the clash of armies on the field of battle. - THE THE worst people in the worldŠthe farthest removed from God in char-acterŠare those in whom selfishness is most fully developed, whether in rags or silks. A PERSON who does not care about his neighbor's rights, is in a fair way to be defrauded of his own. 