"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 19, 1899. NUMBER 41. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. kW' Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit, (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) JESUS CHRIST conquered the worldŠnot by shedding the blood of others, but his own. ot WHILE the church seeks the power that is from be-neath, she need not expect to be endued with "power from on high." .st THE armies and navies of the great military powers can speak like the whirlwind, earthquake, and fire; but God yet speaks in the "still small voice." 4 As THE man who controls himself has a disposition to let other people alone, so the government which is "of the people" is not found meddling with the rights of a foreign race. But all this is changed when the princi-ple of self-government is cast aside. 4 4 MAN does not exist to direct law; but law exists to direct man. The law existed before man was created. 4 4 MAN cannot make law. He cannot make a law of nature, and he cannot make a moral law. It would be as easy to make the one as the other. The moral sphere was no more left without law at creation than was the physical sphere. And as man can only discover and apply physical laws, or laws of nature, so also he can but discover and apply the laws of morality. The law of gravitation is no older than the law against murder or any other act destructive of rights. THE province of the human "law-maker" is to be a discoverer and not an inventor. He may invent some "moral" laws of his own, but he cannot improve on the moral legislation of the Creator, which covers every possible point of moral relations. As an inventor in the domain of legislation, no man is ever entitled to a patent. 4 4 THE Creator of all things made the law for all, and therefore all law is just and perfect, and anything not just and perfect is not law. A bad "law" always sets at naught the real law of the point to which it applies; and to obey the one is synonymous with breaking the other. 4 4 THE only power that man has of himself is the power to do wrong. The power to do right is a higher power, being the power of God. The power to do one righteous act is superior to the power to do all wrong acts. The Government Cannot Speak for Peace. A STRONG effort has been made, through mass meet-ings and petitions, to induce the Chief Executive of this Government to offer its services to Great Britain as ar-bitrator to avert war in the Transvaal. It is felt by very many that the influence of this Government exerted in such a way might be the means of averting a terrible war, a war that would be one of the greatest disasters and horrors of the century. The Government, in defining its position, declines to say anything in behalf of arbitration, and a semi-official statement bases the Government's attitude upon its new "love for England," begotten of its new policy of foreign conquest. The Government is probably aware that it could not consistently interfere with what Great Britain is doing in South Africa, while itself conducting an enter- 