314. A..1%1E1W IEEE C.A.Ni VoL. 8, No. 40. ment as a whole was not that Christ is the Saviour of the world and the Son of the living God,Šonly a human being, a great prophetŠas Buddha, and Confucius, and Mohammed. However noble, and beautiful, and sweet, and kindly, and humane, the utter-ances of this parliament may have, been, still, then, they have not been the expres-sion of true religion. It is true that from a purely human standpoint this has been the noblest as-sembly ever brought together by man; but from the standpoint of the Word of God, it can be but another, and perhaps the highest and last, example, of the utter futility of all mere human wisdom. W. H. M. Chicago Correspondence. Episodes of the Parliament of Religions. THE progress of the Parliament of Re-ligions is no less striking than its opening. It has been full of dramatic episodes,Šboth in scenic effects, brilliant rhetoric, and plain and unpalatable truths told gracefully and effectively. In this parliament the representatives of popular Christianity have listened with courtesy, and sometimes even with appro-bation, to deserved criticisms from the Jew, the Hindoo, the Japanese, and the negro, such as would never at any time heretofore have been heard with patience, or even without violence, either threat-ened or actual. This means something; it is indeed significant of much. It would seem to indicate that the so-called Chris-tian world has come to the dividing point between two ways, and here,Šstanding for a moment undecided,Šmust choose which shall be followed. From out of all this theory, and sentiment, and poetry of human religion,Šdeification of humanity, Šthere is likey to arise, sooner or later, in a more or less pronounced and palpable form, a philosophy of religion. This philosophy, although at first professing the common brotherhood of mankind and universal tolerance, would eventually es-pouse the gospel of force as it exists in the history, the life, and the prophetic future, of its ever present and never changing religious representative. From out of this great assemblage, gath-ered at the dividing of the ways, some will emerge with an appreciation of the futility to mankind of any attempted self-regeneration, and with a realization of man's entire dependence upon divine power. But so strait and narrow is the intellectual gate through which these must walk that few will find it and fewer still pass through it. The popular reli-gious road is broad and crowded and leads, very properly, through a "Palace of Art." But time is fleeting, and human art, the creations of men's hands and men's minds, will not be for long. What shall be said in the judgment day? The noblest phil-osophy will then be no better dependence than the reed swayed in the wind. Yet it will be no wonder that under the sting-ing rebuke of the clear-minded Oriental who so incisively and mercilessly lays bare the rotten core of false Christianity, Šand the pathetic story of the wrongs of the negro which he has suffered and is still suffering at the hands of a professed Christian Church and " Christian people " and " Christian Nation,"Šit will indeed be no wonder if, listening to the recital of all these and knowing the truth of it all, many, unable to see the true, so hidden  is it by the false, will turn to the human philosophy in the belief that here at least, and at last, they will find a humane spirit and sense of common brotherhood. As noticeable and remarkable a thing as any of all the remarkable incidents of this parliament have been the terrible lessons read to the assembled religious aris-tocracy of this western world by those whose skins bore, either by inheritance or birth, the tint of the suns of other and warmer lands. A marked example was the address of Mrs. Fannie B. Williams, who spoke for her race with a calm, clear-voiced, gentle courtesy, but with an unreserved truthfulness which was pathetic in its kindly tenderness, and that made the bit-terest facts seem to be told in the spirit of the words, " Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do " :Š The strength and weakness of the Christian re-ligion as believed, preached and practised in the  United States, is aptly illustrated in its influence as a civilizing and educational force among the colored people of this country. The negro was brought to this country by Christians, for the use of Christians, and he has ever, since been treated, estimated and gauged by what are called Christian ideas of right and wrong. The negro has been in America so long and has been so completely isolated from everything that is foreign to American notions as to what is incom-patible with Christianity that he may be fittingly said to be entirely the product of Christian influ-ences. The vices and virtues of the American negro are the same in kind and degree as those of the men and women from whom he has been learn-ing, by precept and example, all that he knows of God and humanity. The fetiches and crudities of the dark Continent have long since ceased to be a part of his life and character. He is by every mark, impulse and aspiration an American Chris-tian, and to the American Church belongs the credit and responsibility of all that he is and is to be as a man and citizen of this Republic. Religion, like every other force in America, was first used as an instrument and servant of slavery. All attempts to Christianize the negro were limited by the important fact that he was property of a valuable and peculiar sort, and that the property value must not be disturbed, even if his soul were lost. If Christianity could make the negro docile, domestic and less an independent and fighting savage, let it be preached to that extent and no further, Do not open the Bible too wide. Such was the false, pernicious and demoralizing gospel preached to the American slave for two hundred years. But bad as this teaching was it was scarcely so demoralizing as the Christian ideals held up for the negro's emulation. When mothers saw their babes sold by Christians on the auction block in order to raise money to send missionaries to foreign lands; when black Christians saw white Christians openly do everything forbidden in the Decalogue ; when, indeed, they saw, as no one else could see, hypocrisy in all things triumphant every-where, is it not remarkable if such people have any religious sense of the purities of Christianity ? Will not the verdict upon such an ar-raignment as this be an affirmative reply to the speaker's oft-repeated query, " Do we not need a different Christianity from this ?" Will it be a wonder, if, when both the foreign guest, and the alien blood domes-ticated within our gates, rise up and call our religion accursed, the people will say : The day of religions is past, we will create a philosophy of our own. But upon no man made philosophy can dependence be placed, either for time or eternity. What will be the outcome of the Parliament of Religions ? W. H. M. Chicago. Close of the Parliament of Religions. THE Parliament of Religions closed with a grand display. It has been spectacular, dramatic, and effective in the popular presentation of its matter from beginning to end, and at last went out in a blaze of glory. Great skill and ability has been shown in the direction and management of the  parliament. No opportunity has been lost to make a striking point, and the interest has not been allowed to flag. Long before the hour set for the begin- ning of the closing service, the large hall in which the sessions have been held was full, and the overflow filled another hall equally as large. The exercises, with the exception of the music, were then con-ducted simultaneously in the different halls,Šthe speakers hurrying quickly from one to the other. A large number of speakers, each occupying from three to ten minutes, were heard in. rapid suc-cession. Each glorified the Parliament of Religions and counted it as marking an epoch in the world's history,Šas the be-ginning of a new era, the dawning of a new day. And so it is, no doubt; but it will not usher in that new day in which all are both to preach and to practice the principles of the brotherhood of mankind, according to the teaching of the great Elder BrotherŠ" Whatsoever ye would that others should do to you, do ye even so to them." From the closing address of Mr. Bonney, the President of the World's Congress Auxiliary, it appears that what the SEN-TINEL has, from time to time said, as to the plan and intent of this series of con-gresses held at the Art Institute through-out the entire summer, during the progress of the World's Fair, is true. Mr. Bonney said that the unification of religion had been a cherished thought with him for many years, and that this series of con- gresses had been conceived as a setting for the gem which the World's Parliament of Religions had proved to be. Among other things said by Mr. Bonney was the following :Š This congress of the world's religions is the most marvelous evidence yet given of the ap-proaching fulfillment of the apocalyptic prophecy, Behold ! I make all things new. But great as this World's Parliament of Religions is in itself, its importance is immeasurably en-hanced by its environment and relations. It is the center and crown of a great movement which touches all the leading interests of humanity. It has been aided by, and is, in turn, beneficial to all these interests. Religion is but one of the twenty departments of the World's Congress' work. Besides this august World's Parliament of Religions, there are forty other congresses in this department, besides a num-ber of special conferences on important subjects. In the preceding departments 141 congresses have held 926 sessions. In the succeeding departments more than fifteen congresses will be holden. Thus the divine influences of religion are brought in contact with woman's progress, the public press, medicine and surgery, temperance, moral and social reform, commerce and finance, music, literature, education, engineering, art, government, science and philosophy, labor, social and economic science, Sunday rest, public health, agriculture, and other important subjects embraced in a general depart-ment. The importance of the denominational congresses of the various churches should be emphasized, for they conserve the forces which have made the par-liament such a wonderful success. The establishment of a universal fraternity of learning and virtue was early declared to be the ultimate aim of the World's Congress Auxiliary of the World's Columbian Exposition. The congress of religions has always been in anticipation what it is now, in fact, the culmination of the World's Congress scheme. This hour, therefore, seems to me to be the most appropriate to announce that upon the conclusion of the World's Congress series as now arranged a proclamation of that fraternity will be issued to promote the continuation in all parts of the world of the great work in which the congresses of 1893 have been engaged. The honey of the parliament was fol-lowed immediately, quite in the natural order, by the sting of the Sunday rest congress., Mr. Bonney also opened this with words of the highest commendation, personally identifying himself with the 