AMERICAN SENTINEL. 679 the Archbishop of Manila is receiving from the public treasury the sum of $12,000 a, year salary. This rumor -should be investigated, and the responsibility located. If it is true, and is sanctioned by Government, Ameri-cans ought to protest." A Dreadful Harvest. [Extract from an article entitled "The Harvest of Imperialism and Expansion," by Alonzo T. Jones, in the forthcoming "World's Harvest" edition of the Signs of the Times, dated November 29.]  how could national apostasy be more plainly shown than in a nation's taking such a course that those who maintain the fundamental principles of the nation must, in so doing, "antagonize the Government" and incur the charge of treason? Here, then, there is in this nation, as there was in the Roman nation, an apostasy in religion and church, and an apostasy from republicanism to imperialism in the state. And there is being steadily formed and fixed a union of these two apostasies, precisely as there was in the Roman nation. That union in the Roman nation made the Papacy; and this union in this American na-tion will make the image of the Papacy. And so his- TWO APOSTASIES. Wuro does not know of the powerful and uni-versal efforts that for years have been made, and are constantly being made, in the United States, even by the professed Protestant denominations, to secure here a firm union of church and state, to have the church power dominate the civil, and use it for her own ends? Who does not know of the dangerous progress that has been already made in this direction? Who does not know that all the branches of the National GovernmentŠthe legislative, the judicial, and the executiveŠhave been officially committed to the union .of religion and state in this nation? At the great biennial assembly of the Epworth League, held -at India-napolis last July,repiesentative and official speak-ers, with evident satisfaction, recognized that there is even now a union of church and state in this nation. [Now, for professed Protestants anywhere to favor a union of church and state, or any recogni-tion of religion by the state, is in itself a confes-sion of apostasy. And for professed Protestants to do such a thing in the United States, where by every principle of its fundamental law the nation is pledged to the complete separation of religion, and particularly the Christian religion, and the state, is even double apostasy. And what of the Republic itself? Is there not apostasy there also? Can the principles and the plain statements of the Declaration of Independ-en3e be rep adiated and declared to be "falsehood palmed off by the devil upon a credulous world," as was publicly done in an imperialistic mass-meeting in Chicago, May 7, 1899,Šcan this be idone without apostasy? Can the fundamental principles and precepts of a nation be disregarded and even repudiated, by that nation, and those who steadfastly maintain those prin-ciples be denounced as traitors, without there being an apostasy of that nation? How could i3omplete na-tional apostasy be more plainly shown than in a na-tion's holding as traitors those who steadfastly main-tain the fundamental principles of the nation? Yea,  tory does repeat itself after every feature of that an-cient great republic, and will so repeat itself unto the end. "CRIMINAL aggression" is shocking. "Imperialism" is too bad. "Expansion" is only tolerable. "Duty," "destiny," "the logic of events," "Providence," "be-nevolent assimilation"Šthese make better battle cries, especially for a Presidential campaign.ŠRev. Herbert S. Bigelow. 