PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING HOUSE, OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONPS, J. H. WAGGONER, CORRESPONDING EDITOR. EDITORS. "Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 2. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JULY, 1887. NUMBER 7. An2ePiear2 ger2tii2el. Entered at the Post-office in Oakland. RELIGION, and this really includes morality, isa matter which from its original; nature, and object, lies entirely beyond the reach and control of the State proper.ŠSchuette. IN his speech at the late National Reform Convention, Rev. T. P. Stevenson remarked that,Š "Every reform is rooted in some principle. The Reformation was rooted in the great prin-ciple of justification by faith. The great doc-trine of religious liberty rests upon the basis of the inviolability of the conscienceŠthat God alone is Lord of the conscience." That is all true. The progress of the Ref-ormation in the sixteenth century and onward has been but the progress of truth. Each suc-cessive step in reform has been but the de-velopment of one more principle of truth. No movement can be a genuine reform if it subverts or repudiates any principle of reform already developed. Now the great doctrine of religious liberty is inseparable from the Reformation. It is just as essential a princi-ple as justification by faith, itself. It rests indeed upon the inviolakty of the conscience, and upon the truth that God alone is Lord of the conscience. But this so-called National Reform re-pudiates this fundamental principle of the Reformation. It declares that the State has "the right to command the consciences of men." It refuses to be comforted with a Constitutional acknowledgment of God, be-cause such acknowledgment would not "im-pose any restraint on the conscience." But if the State has the right to command the consciences of men, then God is , not alone Lord of the conscience. And if men have the right by civil enactment to impose re-straint upon the conscience, then there is no such principle as the inviolability of the conscience. Therefore this so-called National Reform, in repudiating this fundamental principle of the Reformation, shows itself to be not a re-form at all, bUt subversive of the Reformation and a return to both the ante and anti-Ref-ormation principles of the Papacy. The Prospects of National Reform. To THE regular readers of the SENTINEL we need offer no argument here to prove that the success of National Reform will be the union of Church and State in this Government. This has been amply proved in preceding numbers of this paper; yet if there are any of our new readers who have not seen the proofs of it, we are prepared to furnish the evidence, upon de-mand, in any quantity, and at short notice. Knowing therefore that the success of the Na-tional Reform will be the union of Church and State, it becomes important to all people to know what are the prospects of its success. This is especially important in view of the fact that the movement is even now on the very eve of success. To set this fact forth as it is shall be the purpose of this article. 1. The movement is supported by " all evangelical denominations." The Association has one hundred and twenty vice-presidents, eighty of whom, including Joseph Cook, are Revs. and Rev. D. Ds., and Rev. D. D., LL.Ds., and some are even Right Rev. D. D., LL.Ds. Of these eighty, eleven are bishops made up from the Episcopal, Evangelical, and United Brethren Churches. Besides these eighty di-vines, there are in the list ten college profes-sors, one governor, three ex-governors, nine justices of Supreme Courts, two judges of Supe-rior Courts, one judge of the United States Dis-trict Court, one brevet brigadier-general, one colonel, and seven prominent officials of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. 2. The W. C. T. U. is counted, both by themselves and the National Reformers, as one with the National Reform Association. Miss Willard, Mrs. Woodbridge, Mrs. Bate-ham, Mrs. J. Ellen Foster, Mrs. Clara Hoff-man, Mrs. Mary T. Lathrop, and Mrs. W. I. Sibley, of the Union, are all vice-presidents of the National Reform Association. In the Pittsburg National Reform Convention, May 11, 12, 1887, Rev. T. P. Stevenson, editor of the Christian Statesman and corresponding sec-retary of the National Reform Association,'in his annual report made the following state-ment of the co-operation of the W. C. T. U. with National Reform:Š " Two years ago Miss Frances E. Willard, president of the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union, suggested the creation of a special department of its already manifold work for the promotion of sabbath observ-ance, " co-operating with the National Reform Association." The suggestion was adopted at the National Convention in St. Louis, and the department was placed in charge of Mrs. Jose-phine C. Bateham, of Ohio, as national super.  intendent. Mrs. Bateham has since, with her own cordial assent, been made one of the vice-presidents of the National Reform Associa-tion. . . . " One year ago your secretary placed in the hands of President Willard a memorandum suggesting the creation of another department for the retention of the Bible in the public schools,' and assigning reasons for such ac-tion. This step was recommended by Miss Willard in her annual address before the late National Convention at Minneapolis, and was adopted in so far that a committee was ap-pointed to make preliminary inquiries during the coming year, with Miss Willard herself at the head of the committee. "It was your secretary's privilege this year again to attend the National W. C. T. U. Convention, and it would be unjust and un-grateful not to acknowledge here the cordial-ity with which for the sake of the cause he was received. A place was kindly given for an address in behalf of the National Reform Association, and thanks were returned by vote of the convention. A resolution was adopted expressing gratitude to the National Reform Asso-ciation `for its advocacy of a suitable acknowl-edgment of the Lord Jesus Christ in the funda-mental law of this professedly Christian na-tion.' . . . "In the series of Monthly Readings' for the use of local Unions as a responsive exer-cise, prepared or edited by Miss Willard, the reading for last July was on God in Govern-ment;' that for August on Sabbath Observ-ance' (prepared by Mrs. Bateham), and that for September on Our National Sins.' Touch-ing the first and last-named readings your secre-tary had correspondence with Miss Willard before they appeared. " A letter has been prepared to W. C. T. U. workers and speakers, asking them, in their public addresses, to refer to and, plead for the Christian principles of civil government. The president of the National Union allows us to say that this letter is sent with her sanction and by her desire. " The heartiness and intelligence, the faith and courage, with which these Christian women embrace and advocate the funda-mental principles of Christian government are most gratifying. Mrs. Woodbridge chose for her theme at Ocean Grove and Chautauqua, Shall the United States Acknowledge Christ as Sovereign ? ' Miss Willard loses no opportu-nity of declaring that the Government is on his shoulder.' Similar expressions are con-stantly on the lips of their leading speakers and writers. . . . Mrs. Woodbridge, in her ad-dress to the Workingmen's Assembly in Cleve-land, appealed to them to join hands with the . temperance forces in placing this qiovern7  ment upon the shoulder of him who is Won-derful, Counselor, the Mighty God, the Ever-lasting Father, the Prince of Peace, and in crowning Christ our Lord as the Ruler of Nations.' " 3. The workingmen. It will be seen the above that the National Ref,r;rm Ass. s*,lati.:a 