THE SENTINEL.' OF LIBERTY. 581 tinually confronted with methods which give them the idea that Christians may be made by mission au-thority. Of course the Bible rule in the matter of this matrimonial apostasy would be simply to recognize the fact of such apostasy, and then, " Let him be unto three as a heathen man." But the law does not allow the missionary to prosecute the heathen for being heathen; and the missionary ought to recog-nize the fact that this heathen man needs to have the gospel preached to him and not a prosecution to compel him to remain in the church, for the quota-tion shows that he is to be prosecuted really because he is bent on turning into heathen ways. Along with this method of keeping men Christians may be placed the flogging of adults converts. - I know of even American mission stations in which this method of discipline is Used by missionaries. The whole world is ripe for-the message of the gospel of religi ous liberty. The heathen need to know that some of the methods which they see used, and which even they despise, are not Christian, but directly op-posed to the religion of Christ's free gospel that creates Christians by the power of the divine Word. Calcutta, India. W. A. SPICER. SOUTHERN CORRESPONDENCE. The Sunday Law in Louisiana. THERE has been renewed effort recently in be-half of saloon Sunday observance in some parts d Louisiana. The new mayor of New Orleans seems determined to enforce the Sunday law against fla-grant violators, i.e., against those saloon-keepers who keep their doors "wide open." Accordingly word was passed to the police force to keep a strict look-out for open saloons. Arrests were made, and the saloons for-the most part were compelled to suspend business on Sunday. This forced-  the drink element to repair to towns across the river and elsewhere in an effort to "quench their thirst." The New Or-leans mayor had no jurisdiction over these near-by towns, and so the rival saloons soon did a large busi-ness, to the detriment of the New Orleans dealers, who made a demand on the governor of the State to see that justice was done to all parties. The gov-ernor wrote the following letter to the sheriffs of Jefferson and St. Bernard parishes: " My attention has been called to recent com-plaints in the public press of New Orleans and in  other quarters that while the authorities of that city are earnestly striving to have the Sunday law strictly enforced within its limits, certain persons in your parish are openly violating this law in plain knowl-edte of, and without interference from, the authori-ties thereof, thereby profiting from enforcement in.  New Orleans. "There are diverse opinions as to the justice or expediency of the law adverted to, just as there are in regard to other laws, but there can be no differ-ence of opinion as to the duty of the officers charged with the execution of the laws. They can not un-dertake to discriminate between laws, enforcing the one and ignoring the other. Hence, so long as any law remains upon the statute book it is the sworn duty of the officers charged with the enforcement of the laws generally to enforce such law. " I would, therefore, enjoin upon you that you exercise the utmost vigilant t in the enforcement of.  the Sunday law, so that the violators thereof may-become convinced that it shall be executed as well as other laws, and that they will not be permitted profit from the observance of this law by their neigh:- hors. W. W. HEARD, Governor." The principle involved in the matter is further-expressed in an editorial of the New Orleans Times-Democrat, which we give : "The attitude of the sheriffs of the two parishes adjoining OrleansŠJefferson above and St Bernard belowŠin respect to the Sunday law calls up a num-ber of difficult problems. That law is no more popu-lar in New Orleans than it is in these parishes; and if it were submitted to popular vote we have no doubt that it would be overwhelmingly defeated. But does this unpopularity authorize the officials in one parish to nullify the law when it is enforced in a neighboring parish? Is the latter to be discrimi-nated against and suffer positive injury because its officials believe it their duty to enforce the laws on the statute books, as they are sworn to do. In other words, is Orleans to suffer because it obeys the law and Jefferson and St. Bernard to be allowed to profit by the conscientiousness of our city officials? " Whatever may be one's views as to the Sundecy law, or even as to whether an official should enforce all the laws or not, no one can or question the correctness of the governor's declaration that the people of no parish will be allowed to take advant-age of the enforcement of a law in New Orleans. In other words, no one will assert that New Orleans should suffer because its officials obey an act of 'the legislature, while St. Bernard and Jefferson make a handsome profit at the expense of this city out of their nullification of that statute. The Sunday law is one for the whole State, not for certain parishes;. 