40 A.MIElla CA NT SION-70111NIMTL. 'oL. 10, N. 5. NEW YORK, JANUARY 31, 1895. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE reform Mayor of New York has declared in favor of repealing or modify-ing the law closing saloons on Sunday. The New York Legislature has been asked to pass a bill embodying these views. A large majority of the ministers of the city and State are scandalized by this proposi-tion and the cry is, " on to Albany." We shall now be able to test the strength of the Sunday-closing sentiment in New York. IN a communication just received from A. N. Brown, editor of the Dayton Leader, of Tennessee, and author of the editorial which appears in another column under the title, " Courageous Words," the editor expresses these manly sentiments:Š My position on this question has cost me the support of a few ardent Sabbatarians [compulsory Sunday ob- servance advocates], but in all matters I consult my own conscience and my sense of duty to my fellow-men and my country, and let the results take care of themselves. These sentiments are so much in contrast with the truckling, time-serving policy that actuates so many to-day, that we print them and call upon the people to say, Amen. H. P. HOLSER, a Seventh-day Advent-ist minister and manager of the denomi-national publishing house at Basel, Switzerland, who was recently imprisoned for permitting work to be done in the publishing house on Sunday, called at our office last week on his way to attend the international conferencp of the denomina-tion at Battle Creek, Mich. He informs us that similar prosecutions have been begun against the Seventh-day Adventist publishing house in Christiana, Norway; and that their London house is also threat-ened. We have expected that these per-secutions would become world-wide, and are not surprised; but we are deeply im-pressed with their bearing on the fulfill-ment of the " sure word of prophecy." THE Catholic Review of January 19 pub-lishes a call for the organization of an association in the United States whose object shall be to create sentiment for the restoration of the pope to temporal power. Similar associations are organizing in the leading countries of the world, and the organization in the United States is a part of an international movement. How this association is to work in Amer-ica for the restoration of Rome and the papal states to the control of the pope, is explained in a work first published in Eng-land but afterward published by Catholic houses in New York, Boston and Montreal. In explaining why citizens of a foreign country should work to make the pope the civil governor of Rome, the author says :Š Suppose it be said, " I acknowledge the spiritual authority of the Holy Father; but why am I, an Eng-lishman [or American, we may add], to come forward in a political way, to use all my exertions to protect the temporal rights of a foreign prince ?" My an-swer at once is plain. The pope is not a foreign prince to any Christian, to any human being.' And now let Americans understand that this new organization proposes " in a political way " to use all' its exertions to make Pope Leo XIII. political ruler of Rome, the United States and the world. THE following significant paragraph appeared in the Catholic Review of Jan. 26:Š Six more bishops in Italy have been granted the royal exequator that entitles them to receive' their official incomeŠthe bishops of Carpi, Pozzuoli, Pen-afro, Lucera, Anglona, and Nusco. The government does not fear religion now; it seeks the strength of the church against revolution. It cannot conquer the turbulence it bred. This means that the government of Italy has given these bishops the right to tax the people in their districts for the support of the Catholic Church. And the last two sentences explain how the church won the victory, and it is the great inter-national scheme of the papacy to secure universal dominion. First, teach her peo-ple that the government that refuses to acknowledge the pope is unstable and must sooner or later end in " turbulence " and " revolution ;" and when this teaching bears fruit, then she offers to conquer the turbulence in exchange for political sup-port. IT is a doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church that priests are not properly sub-ject to the civil authorities like other men, but that no matter what crime a priest may commit he is amenable only to " the church," unless " the church " sees fit to degrade him, strip him of his vestments, recall his ordination so that he is no longer a priest, and then turn him over to civil power for condign punishment. " Father" Phelan, editor of the Western Watchman, had the temerity to challenge this dogma some months ago, and to maintain that a priest was properly sub-ject to civil law just as other men. The bishop of his diocese demanded that he retract the offensive Statement upon pain of having his paper placed under the ban of " the church." The doughty priest at first refused obedience, but finally yielded and made a meek submission to the bishop. From a Roman Catholic standpoint,Šthe end justifies the means,Š this was not strange; but how " Father " Phelan can maintain his self-respect and say what he does in the Western Watchman of Dec. 27, 1894, is more than we can imagine. He says:Š We have been in the business of editing and pub-lishing a newspaper for thirty years. We have built up a large newspaper property. During those thirty 1 ﬁ His Holii.ess Pope Pius IX. and the Temporal Rights of the Holy See, as involving Religious, Social, and Political interests of the Whole World, by M. I. Rhodes." , D, and I. Sadlier it Co., New York, p. 48. years we never heard it stated, nor was it ever intimated to us by any ecclesiastical authority, that we could not give free expression to our opinions, provided the language was respectful and the convictions honest. It is thus cheerfully that the minions of Rome write themselves down knaves at the behest of " the church. ' And this is what Rome would do for the press of the entire country. OUR illustrated issue of January 17th, is approaching the one hundred thousand mark, and the end is not yet. As a sam-ple of the support we are receiving from nearly every state in the Union, we quote from a letter sent out by the Secretary of the Illinois Tract Society, to local societies in Illinois :Š You can do effective work with this paper for a month or more to come;  but do not wait. Order at once a good supply and work the country and towns far and near with the paper. Let us take hold in such a way, that for once, the publishers will be completely bewildered to fill our orders. Let us show them that our ideas of circulation are larger than their ideas of publication. Shall it be 25,000 copies for Illinois? It is hardly necessary to say that the SENTINEL appreciates the loyal and faith- ful support it is receiving. However, we have taken warning from the zeal of our friends and will promise to furnish all the SENTINELS of January 17 that they will order, but let them order at once. A GREAT many people seem to really believe that Sunday laws have a substan-tial basis; that they are not enacted as religious measures, but for good and suffi-cient civil reasons. Indeed, in some in-stances, courts of justice have given color to this view of Sunday statutes, though they have signally failed to define the so-called civil basis of such legislation. But the question is being simplified very much by the attitude of those who are foremost in demanding the enactment and enforcement of Sunday laws. The basis of the American Sabbath Union is the fourth commandment of the Decalogue, and that organization is clamoring more and more for Sunday laws, upon religious grounds. Reduced to its lowest terms, their demand is for the legal recognition and enforcement of Sunday as the Sab-bath of the Lord, upon the basis of the fourth commandment. Their published utterances show that this is so. This thought was made very prominent in the late National Reform Convention at New Castle, Pa. In a speech in the convention referred to, Rev. R. C. Wylie, for years a leader in National Reform thought and work, said : " Formerly, the demand for Sabbath laws was based largely on humanitarian grounds. It was said that we should have such laws be-cause men needed to rest one day in seven. But some of us said that will never do; that is not the correct basis for such leg-islation. And now Christian people have come to the conclusion that we must have a Sabbath law because God has one." Such expressions as this do much to open the eyes of the people to the true nature of Sunday legislation. AMERICAN SENTINEL. set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 