AMERICAN SEN TIN EL. 749 to the mysterious force which it was designed to display. Of these he constructed and discarded in all one hundred and twenty-nine; and yet the mysterious force refused to yield itself up as the revolutionizer of motive power. But those who have fallen heir to Mr. Keely's wonderful dis-covery announce that it will not be lost to the world by his death, but that the work will be continued the same as before. A discovery which has proved itself so potent as a magnet for drawing cash from the pockets of credu-lous people, is too good a thing to be let drop simply be-cause the original beneficiary under it no longer lives to reap its harvests. ON the whole, it must be said that Mr. Keely's won-derful discovery, hovering for thirty years on the border line between the realm of occult mysteries and that of tangible and practicable things, and all this time draw-ing funds from the pockets of apparently intelligent and sensible people, to the amount in all of $500,000, throws the late Mr. Jernegan and his gold-from-sea-water scheme quite into the shade. Whether it will survive its in genious origin -tor or collapse with his demise remains to be seen. General Weyler Tells What the Catholic Church Has Done for Spain. WHATEVER doubts may be entertained regarding the late Spanish general Weyler as a worthy character, there can be no question of his competency to tell the truth on the subject of Spain's union with the Catholic Church, and its resulting effects upon that country; and this, according to press dispatches, he has recently done in a letter to the Queen Regent. We have not seen the letter, but find the following reference made to it by the Christian Advocate, St. Louis, Mo.:Š "With a force of logic impossible to answer, he [Weyler] tells the queen that Spain's lamentable condi-tion at present is due to the clericals, and in support of his proposition he cites facts hitherto almost unknown outside of Spain, but familiar to Spaniards acquainted with their own social and political condition. "Weyler declares that while Spain is poor, the church in Spain is richer than in any other country in Europe; not even in priest-ridden Italy does the church possess so much. 'Many of the richest corporations in the king-dom belong to the church, notably the Transatlantic Espatiola, the leading steamship company. The clerics also have large landed estates, both in the peninsula and in the colonies. Nearly all the land of any value in the Philippines belongs to the religious orders and is rented to the islanders by them.' "In return for the benefits conferred upon it by the state and people, Weyler asks what the church has done for the country, and answers his own question by the statement that not only has it done nothing, but that in crises like the present its influence has always been against the court and government,and while the bishops  have ostensibly favored the priests, whose, power among the common people is unlimited, have invariably op-posed the few measures of reform that the government has had the courage to suggest. This is the way the church has returned thanks for the benefits conferred upon it, for the privileges enjoyed by its clergy, for the immense wealth it has wheedled and cajoled from the government and people of Spain. The letter is the most frightful arraignment ever made of a religious denomi-nation, and is all the more remarkable coming from the man it does. "Weyler states plainly that the cordial support of himself and his followers depends upon a change of atti-tude by the government to ward the church." Such words from one in the position of this leading Spaniard, far outweigh all that can be said by short-sighted and weak-kneed Protestants on the subject of the danger which threatens civil government in any land from the machinations of the papal church. The "Flag Salute" in Oregon. As a result of the introduction of the "flag salute" in the public schools of Ashland, Oregon, seven children who refused to give the salute have been expelled from the schools. The "salute," as we have before stated, re-quires the children to say that they give their hearts to God, which of course is requiring them to profess conver-sion,Ša profession which on the part of some at least must be a downright lie. Some peopleŠeven some chil-drenŠobject to being compelled to utter a lie, and others object to being required to profess conversion; and these Šnaturally the most conscientious of the lotŠare cast out of the schools. To be patriotic, after this standard of patriotism, conscience is only in the way and should be dispensed with. Some perhaps are of such a peculiar turn of mind as to think that the object of the public schools is to teach the young the rudiments of scientific knowledge, and not to teach the ideas of patriotism en-tertained by the "Woman's Relief Corps;" but evidently the school board of Ashland do not belong to this class. The affair has caused some stir in the town, and some at least who are not religiously identified with the pa-rents of the expelled children, are outspoken in denuncia-tion of such violation of American fundamental princi-ples. We give, in part, what one of these writes for pub-lication to an Ashland paper, the Valley Record:Š "Now, Mr. Editor, if for conscience' sake these chil-dren were debarred from receiving a free education, then may God pity the one that debarred them. Jesus came to 'redeem us from all iniquity;' but how long will it take if those who claim to be his followers commit such iniqui-tous acts. The few who try to defend the other side, say that the object was to teach patriotism. Well, if patri-otism can be forced into the rising generation at the point of a birch rod, this might be some color of an ex-cuse, but how long will it be before such people will be justifying the forcing of patriotism into our people at the point of a bayonet? Not long, Mr. Editor; not long! 