50 THE AN 1 CA.N SENTINEL. has not only gained the Union itself, but that through the Union it is making strong bids for the Knights of Labor and other working-men's associations. Indeed, it was stated in the late convention that " the Anarchists, the Socialists, and the Catholic Church are all trying to catch the workingmen, but National Reform must secure the workingmen." And we are safe in saying that National Reform will secure them. Even though the Roman Church should secure the workingmen's associations, bodily, that will be no hindrance to National Reform's securing them, for of all the bids for support that the National Reform Association is making the strongest are made for the sup-port of 4. The catholic Church. Thus says the Chris-tian Statesman of December 11, 1884 :Š "Whenever they [the Roman Catholics] are willing to co-operate in resisting the progress of political atheism, we will gladly join hands with them." And agaio. "We cordially, gladly recognize the fact that in. South American republics; and in France, and other European countries, the Roman Catholics are the recognized advocates of national Christianity, and stand opposed to all the proposals of secularism. . . . In a world's conference for the promotion of na-tional Christianity many countries could be represented only by Roman Catholics."ŠEd-itoria.7  before quoted. Now let us read a word from Rome. In his Encyclical published in 1885, Pope Leo XIII. says :-- " We exhort Ł all Catholics who would de-vote careful attention to public matters, to take an active part in all municipal affairs and elections, and to further . the principles of the church in all public services, meetings, and gatherings. All Catholics must make them-selves felt as active elements in daily political life in the countries where they live. They must penetrate wherever possible in the ad-ministration of civil affairs ; must constantly exert the utmost vigilance and energy to pre-vent the usage of liberty from going beyond the limits fixed by God's law. All Catholics should do all in their power to cause the con-stitutions of States and legislation to be mod-eled to the principles of the true church. All Catholic writers and journalists should never lose for an instant from view the above pre-scriptions. All Catholics should redouble their submission to authority, and unite their whole heart and soul and body and mind in defense of the church and Christian wisdom." From the above quotations from the States-man it is seen that in European and South American countries the Roman Catholics are the recognized advocates of National Chris-tianity. National Christianity is the object of the National Reform movement; our Con-stitution and legislation have to be remodeled before this national Christianity can be estab-lished; to remodel our Constitution and legis-lation is the aim of National Reform; but uhis is exactly what "all Catholics" are by the pope ex cathedra commanded to do, and not to lose sight of it for an instant. What the Na-tional Reformers propose to do with our Con-stitution and legislation is precisely what the Roman Catholics in this country are com-manded by the Pope to do. Therefore the ai m of National Reform and the aim of Rome  are identical, and of course they will " gladly join hands." 5. The Prohibition party as such. The National Reform report before mentioned says On this point :Š " The national platform of the Prohibition party adopted in Pittsburg in 1884, contained an explicit acknowledgment of Almighty God, and of the paramount authority of his law as the supreme standard of all human legislation. The Rev. Dr. A. A. Miner, D. D., Of Boston, an eloquent and devoted friend and one of the vice-presidents of the National Reform Association, was a member of the committee which framed the declaration. After that presidential cam-paign was over, and before the State conven-tions of 1885, Professor Wallace, of Wooster University; wrote to your secretary, suggesting that all diligence be used to secure similar ac-knowledgments and kindred declarations on related points, in the Prohibition platforms of the several States. Under this most judicious and timely suggestion, a large correspondence has been held with the leaders of the party, and its chief workers in many States." And then of the State and county Prohibi-tion Conventions that have "incorporated into their platforms " distinct acknowledgment of National Reform principles, there are named the States of Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Ohio., Maryland, Illinois, Mis-souri, Michigan, Colorado, Texas, and Con- necticut; and the counties of Washington, Lancaster, and Chester, Pa., and Belmont, Ohio. WHAT SHALL BE THE ISSUE? Now take the voters of " all the evangelical denominations ; " the voters of the Prohibi-tion party ; the voters of the workingmen's associations ; and the voters of the Catholic Church ; and it is perfectly clear that they compose an overwhelming majority of all the voters in this nation ; and much more would it be so if the W. C. T. U. should secure their demanded right of suffrage. And against this thing there will be no "solid South." Take, then, all the voters that are here represented; take with them an issue upon which all will heart-ily unite ; veil National Reform under that issue ; then bring that issue to a vote at the polls, and it is absolutely certain that it will carry by a vast majority. Is there then any such issue in view? There is such an issue, and that already clearly defined and well developed. That issue is THE UNIVERSAL DEMAND FOR SUNDAY LAWS, or, as otherwise expressed; laws enforc-ing the observance of the " Christian Sabbath." Every one of these bodies that we have named will almost unanimously support whatever demand may be made for Sunday laws, even to the subversion of the national Constitu-tion to secure them. The reader needs not to be told that all the churches are in favor of rigid Sunday laws. It is well known that one grand aim of the W. C. T. U. is to secure the enactment and enforcement of strict Sun-day laws. The Baltimore Plenary Council, indorsed by the Pope, commands the observ-ance of Sunday, and the Romish Church will heartily support any movement to enforce its observance by national laws. It is this very thing that 'makes the National Reform Asso-ciation so anxious to secure the help of Rome. Both the Catholic and the National Reform papers urge upon the workingmen that as they have already struck for eight hours for a day's work, now they must strike. for six days for a week's work, and Sunday secured by law. In the late National Reform Convention, it was not only stated as we have quoted that " National Reform must secure the working-men," but it was also said that. ` they could best be secured through the agitation of the Sabbath." And they are securing them by this very means. The Illinois Legislature, which we believe is yet in session, had before it fer passage a Sunday law framed by the preachers of ChicagoŠit might well have been framed by the Inquisition itselfŠand a petition, said to represent 25,000 Knights of Labor, was sent up urging its passage. Nor does the movement stop with, the Knights of Labor and other workingmen's associations, but even the Socialists join themselves to the movement and are welcome, as the following from the Christian Union testifies :Š " It is 'very clear that if our Sabbath [Sun-day, of course] is to be preserved at allŠand we are sanguine of its preservationŠthe non- religious sentiment of the country must be brought in to re-enforce the religious demand for Sabbath [Sunday] rest, and it is increasingly evident that this is entirely practicable. And, curi- ously, what renders this practicable is that horrid ' Socialism ' which keeps some good people lying awake o'nights in fear and trem-bling." Are not the Legislatures of all the States already-  being besieged at every session with demands for the enactment of rigorous Sun-day laws with no respect whatever to the rights of conscience ? Only the past winter such demands were made upon the Legisla-tures of California, Iowa, Minnesota, Texas, Tennessee, Massachusetts, Illinois, and we know not how many other States. Such laws were secured in Massachusetts and Tennessee, and passed the House in Illinois -sweepingly and with cheersŠwe have not learned the result in the Senate. But State laws will amount to but littla while national statutes are wanting. And now Congress itself is to be besieged. Reformed Presbyterianism and National Reform are identicalŠeach is t'other Šand of the action of their Synod held last month, the dispatches tell us this:Š " The Synod of the Reformed Presbyterian Church of America, in session here, has adopted a resolution declaring that the viola-tion of the Sabbath by the Post-office Depart-ment is one of the greatest sins of the Gov-ernment, as well as one of the greatest causes of the Sabbath desecration throughout the whole commonwealth, and calling upon the organization of all evangelical bodies in the United States to combine in order to secure the entire abolition of whatever in the Pest-office Depart-ment is a violation of the Sabbath law." And the National Reform.Committee of the United Presbyterian General Assembly, also held in June, passed the following resolu-tion :Š "Resolved, That the moderator and clerks be di-rected to append their signatures in behalf of the Assembly to the [National Reform] petition request-ing Congress to pass a law instructing the Postmas ter-General to make no future contracts which shall include the carrying of the mails on the Lord's day." 