688 'rum SENTINEL OF' LIBERTY. CHICAGO, NOVEMBER I, 1900. Any one receiving The Sentinel of ,Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. MEN talk of the flag as though it were divine, but it is not a god, though in the providence of God it stands as the high-water mark of human liberty. It were infinitely better to preserve it as such rather than to let it becoine a thing before which to doff the hat while the heart is full of bitterness at the-thought of wrongs perpetrated under its ample folds. IN considering our relations to " the power's that be," it ought never to be forgotten that we must dis-tinguish between the "powers " and the-men who are in power. The " powers " are ordained of God, and are always good and to be respected, but rulers are often bad, And demand that which is unjust and un-righteous. The Christian is ever to be subject to the right, but never to evil. WHEN a colonial policy was inaugurated under this Government, and it was officially proclaimed that self-govel-nment is,  not a natural right of certain people,  dwelling outside Ł the United States, we said it would not be long until the right of self-govern-ment would be questioned as applying to people within the United States. In other words, that this -nation could not long deny the principles of the Declaration of Independence abroad and maintain them at home. And now, in confirmation of this, hear this editorial utterance of the New York In-dependort: Ł "This absolute generalization regarding consent [government by consent of the governed]. disre-garded by its formulators and practically disavowed by every state that has Łever existed, is likely to gasp out its last breath in the pending campaign. The progressive, democratic philosophy of to7day is building the coming state in the light of considerations of social ends. It postulates nothing; it analyzes and decomposes old principles and theories; IT. CONCERNS IT- SELF NOT WITH RIGHTS,' but with duties, with social adaptations, with an ideal of 'the greatest good to the greatest number,' as that greatest good may be deter-mined by experiences of fact." (Italics and small caps ours.)  Where will you stand, readerŠwhat security will you have for life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, when the Government under which you live no longer concerns itself with rightsŠyour rightsŠbut tries to be guided by the hazy principle of "the greatest good to the greatest number "? What . will become of your right to worship God according to the dictates -of your own conscience when the Government shall have dropped the theory of natural rights altogether, and the claim is set up that it is for the greatest good to the greatest number that your worship should be directed by the " national conscience " or the conscience Of an ecumenical Christian council, or some other conscience not your own? And the Independent said this not to present something new and strange, but to sum up the pre-vailing teaching of _the last two years on this vital subject. WE hear much said at the present time about the " civic duties of Christians." The phrase is mislead-ing: It conveys the idea that' there are certain civil' duties which pertain to Christians as such. This is not the case. The individual is the unit of civil so-ciety, and civil duties pertain not to Christians, but 'to men. A Christian sustains exactly the same re-lation to civil society as does one who is not a Chris-tian.. In other words, the profession or non-profes-sion of Christianity does, not affect one's relations to the civil powers at, all. All persons, whether Christians, atheists, Jews, or pagans are equally bound to contribute to the support of the civil power, and to abide by the laws of justice. These are their civic duties, and the " civic duties " of the atheist are exactly the same as the " civic duties " of the Christian. " IF he he a god, let him plead for himself," was the noble answer of Joash to those who were de-manding the death of the young man who had over-thrown the altar of Baal. This is the answer of the friends of religious freedom to-day to every de! mand for the enforcement of law in behalf of re-ligion. If a religious institution be not of God it should fall; if it, be of God it can not fall. God is - able to plead for' his own. - 