12 AMERICAN SENTINEL'. were put to death, I gave my voice against them. And I punished them oft in every synagogue, and compelled them to blaspheme; and being exceedingly mad against them, I persecuted them even unto strange cities." Acts 26 : 9-11. What a wonderful confession is here made ! that in doing all thiS evil work he was exceedingly mad. And all his efforts were seconded by the recognized heads of reli-gionŠthe ministry. But after Jesus the Man of Calvary, spoke to him and he inquired, " Who art thou, Lord ? " he is made acquainted with One he has never knoWn be-fore, although making high profession of religion. Now he is ready to repudiate the whole business and say it was "contrary to the name of Jesus of Nazareth." The great lesson we can learn from this record is that those who engage in this kind of business, though they live in 1897, do not know Jesus, and therefore need to form his acquaintance at once that they may cease "being exceedingly mad." They need to get rid of that spirit, have their names changed, and have the Spirit of JesusŠthe spirit of love. 0 that every professed follower of Jesus Christ would learn this important lesson and not count an unhallowed zeal as evidence of true Chris-tianity. Sunday Rally in Jersey City. BY A. R. BELL. A RALLY under the auspices of the American Sabbath Union was held Tuesday evening, December 15, at the Summit Avenue Baptist Church, Jersey City, N. J. The subject discussed was "The American Sabbath; its rela-tion to good citizenship and Christian progress ;" ten minute addresses being delivered by the several speakers representing the Christian Endeavor Society, the Ep-worth League, the Baptist Young People's Union, and the Society of Andrew and Philip. The meeting was presided over by Rev. Dr. Brett, of the Dutch Reformed Church, and in his opening re-marks he referred to Isa. 58:13, 14:- "If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleas-ure on my holy day; and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable; and shalt honor him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words : then shalt thou delight thy-self in the Lord ; " as being just what the Lord wanted of man in regard to the American sabbath. The first speaker said he believed in the Sabbath. He believed that the ten commandments stood to-clay as when God gave them on Sinai, not one having been abrogated. He believed in the enforcement of sabbath (Sunday) laws, yet said he would fight against any law enforcing religious principles. The sabbath laws, said he, were not enforced to make men religiOus, but for society's good. The pastor of the church spoke in behalf of the Bap-tist Young People's Union. Among other things, he said, " We are determined to stand without swerving for the proper observance of the sabbath. We are scriptural in all things, and we are scriptural in this." The next speaker in his remarks said: " We are here to stand for the fourth commandment. . . . Sabbath breaking is a mark of a backslidden church. It is time," said he, " we were getting back to the law of God." The representative of the Christian Endeavor Society laid all the blame for sabbath (Sunday) desecration on the church, excusing the world "because they did not ,know the seventh day to keep it holy." Another speaker hoped that the time would soon come when all business except works of necessity and charity would cease on the sabbath, or at least, said he, if stores had to be opened, that it would be only for a little while 'sabbath morning. What a ridiculous position to take! ,Claiming to stand for truth against error; claiming the Bible as their only guide; claiming the Sabbath as a sign between God and. his people; these men confederate together, their object being thepreservation of a day which God in all the Bible never once calls the sabbath ! At the close of the meeting, the writer, who was for-merly a member of this church under another pastorate, had a short interview with the pastor. He was .asked the question, "Do not the Baptists claim to be strictly biblical in all their doctrine, claiming no other guide than the Bible?" Replying in the affirmative,he was asked, " Where in allthe Bible can be found warrant for such a meeting as has just been held ? " Pleading ignorance of the meaning of this question, he was asked, " Where in all the Bible can it be found that the first day of the week, Sunday, is called the Sabbath? " His answer was "Oh, that's a question for every man to settle in his own,  mind." On being asked the question, " What saith the scripture ? " his reply' was, " There are a thousand and one other things of vastly more importance thaL the Sab-bath on my , mind and I have no time to bother with such a subject." Consistency ! here is a man who thinks the Sunday is of such vast importance that he invites the American Sabbath Union to hold a rally in bis church for the sup-port of it, who himself spoke for ten minutes; showing his hearty sympathy with the cause, yet says that a thousand and one other things of vastly more import-ancethanthe Sabbath of God occupy his mind. A pecu-liar state of things:truly. The writer also had the pleasure of introducing himself to Dr. J. H. Knowles, general secretary of the Union. The following dialogue ensued:Š WriterŠDr. Knowles, what is the principal object of your society? Dr. KnowlesŠThe proper observance of the Sabbath. WriterŠThe first thing then to know is which day is the Sabbath, is it not ? 