144 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, MARCH 2, 1899. Bound Volumes for 1898. THE weighty questions that have entered the arena of national thought and the advance moves which have been made in the education of public opinion and the popular conscience, in regard to religious legislation, and the relation sustained in its discus-sion of them by the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL, together with its well executed and forcible front page illustrations make the bound volumes for 1898 a treasure indeed, a storehouse of in-formation to be desired. Our prices are as formerly: $2.50 in cloth with leather back and cor-ners; in heavy manilla paper cover, $1.50. Those who desire to secure copies should send in their orders at once. POLITICAL complications are aris-ing in the Philippines, and Admiral DeWey has cabled the Washington authorities to send the battleship "Oregon" "for political reasons." This request is regarded as an in-timation of interference from Euro-pean powers. THE fighting at and around Man-ila has continued almost daily since the first outbreak, and the Govern-ment has determined to send addi-tional troops and warships to rein-force the armament already there. All of which adds to the certainty that the United States has entered the Philippines to stay. SOME timeago Russia "leased" the Chinese port of Talien Wan, and very soon afterwards proceeded to collect taxes from the residents; and the Chinese resisting the attack, several hundred of the latter were killed. This is an illustration of the pressure being brought to bear upon China  on the Russian side, and both Russia and her ally, France, want not only Chinese trade, but Chinese territory. Facts like these lend a strong em-phasis to the statements of Lord Charles Beresford, British soldier and statesmanŠthat China must soon go to pieces unless England and America step in to prevent it. -The situation has been vigorously set before the American people by Lord Beresford during his tour in this country, and definite results in the shape of an Anglo-American alliance can hardly fail to follow. See p. 139. WE have much to say about the policy of "expansion" just now be-cause there is much in it of signifi-cance in relation to the subject of free government and the recognition of human rights. In this policy as portrayed by current events there is strikingly illustrated- the extent to which this country has drifted away from its foundation principles of government, Š a condition which might have been guessed at, but the truth of which could not have been realized as it now is from existing facts. When we know that we have been drifting for a long ,time, it is very fortunate to arrive at some means of knowing just where we are. THE Press, of this city, has told why it is that the Government ha .s taken and means to hold the Philip-pine Islands. It says:Š "We have taken the Philippines primarily to secure our position in the East. No one is optimistic enough to pretend that the islands themselves will ever make a return on the cost of their keep. But it has been frequently urged that we may more readily possess an increasing share of the Asiatic market by reason of our military and naval establish-ment at or near its doors. Well, the Asiatic market is to a great extent the Chinese market. We need no such show of empire to increase our trade with Japan. But if the Chinese Empire falls, what Asiatic market will there be? None, in the sense in which the term has been employed. The Chinese market will be the Rus- sian, German, French, and, in case Great Britain is driven to a change in her 'open-door' policy, the Eng-lish market.' . . . To permit this state of affairs to come about, when we have acquired the Philippines for no other known purpose of rational self-interest except to prevent it, would be the height of absurdity." There is little in this about "benev-olent assimilation," or the duty of bestowing liberty, etc., upon down-trodden humanity; but a reason is given that is in harmony with the spirit of thetimesŠthe spirit of mod-ern enterprise that says "There's money in it." This spirit is accus-tomed nowadays to disguise itself under a cloak of philanthropy. A CORRESPONDENT in the West finds fault with us for laying so much stress just now upon the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, and informs 11K that the SENTINEL has "lost its charm" for him. We are sorry for the paper, of course, and still more sorry for him. Neverthe-less, we can't apologize for laying stressŠeven great stressŠupon these great charters of human liberty. With all the stress that we can pos-sibly lay upon them, there is little enoughŠand far too littleŠimport-ance given to them in this country to-day. And we never knew anybody to minimize the principle of govern-ment by consent of the governed, who was willing at the same time to take a humble position himself. IF the United States and Great Britain were Christian nations, there would be no need of the great effort now put forth to have them stand together. Back Numbers. BACK numbers of each issue of the year with the exception of January 12 and February 23, can, still be obtained at this office. Our rates: One cent per copy in bulk, or one and a quarter cents per copy when wrappers are addressed to individ-uals, from list of names sent in. We have still a good supply of the February 16 issue on hand. Ł 