ENFORONG "LAW" IN THE UNITED STATESŠSeventh-day Adventists Compelled to Wo'rk on the Public Roads in Tennessee. It is the conviction of the majority that the nation cannot be preserved without religion, nor religion without the sabbath, nor the sabbath without laws; therefore sabbath laws are enacted by the right of self-preservation, not in violation of liberty, but for its protection.--Rev. W. P. Crafts, in, " The Sabbath for Man," p. OCTOBER 8, 1896. A.IVIEIM EL I C1]..setsl`kiT S.11NrIL"TC.N14114 317 American citizen. The American sabbath is essential to American liberty, to our Republic, and to God's religion. To the same import is the quotation from Dr. Crafts under one of our illustrations. But such " argument," however plausible it may seem, would justify all the persecutions of the past,*as well as the intolerance of Russia, and revive the bloody scenes of the Dark Ages. It is in harmony with this theory that in several of the States of this Union, God-fear-ing Sabbatarians have been arrested, tried, convicted, and punished by fines, imprison-ment, and chain-gangs, for no other reason than because they could not conscientiously observe as the Sabbath the day regarded by their neighbors as sacred. One of our illustrations shows a gang of Seventh-day Adventist "convicts" at work on one of the abutments of a bridge near Spring City, Rhea County, Tenn., July, 1895. In passing sentence upon these men, some of whom had just been convicted for the second time within six months, Judge Parks, before whom they were tried, said:Š I will take occasion to express again my sincere personal regret that the necessity exists for inflicting punishment upon these people, for it must be patent to . even the most casual observer that they are good citizens, who are thoroughly conscientious in the course they have taken. Members of this same communion have been prosecutedŠpersecuted we might sayŠby means of the Sunday statutes of several different States, though most of these cases have arisen in Tennessee and Maryland. And at the present time, B. A. Philpot, a Seventh-day Adventist, of Rutherford Coun-ty, Tenn., is under indictment at Murfrees-borough, and will he tried on the 19th inst., for qiiiet Sunday work which.  in no way in-terfered with his neighbors, except it may have been by offending against their ideas of religious propriety respecting proper Sunday observance. We are sure that our readers will agree with us that these things ought not so to be and that any system of reasoning which justi-fies such things is misleading, and therefore wrong. Ł ŁŁŁ  PERTINENT FACTS AND QUESTIONS BY A TENNESSEE JUDGE. THE following extract from the opinion of Judge Parks, rendered in the cases of the Seventh-day Adventists, convicted in March, 1895, at Dayton, Tenn., for doing common labor on Sunday, presents the injustice of compulsory Sunday observance so forcibly that we wish to keep it prominently before the public:Š " Here we have a very respectable element of Christian believers who are honest, inof-fensive, law-abiding people in all matters not conflicting with their sense of duty, who believe they are under divine command to observe the seventh day as the Sabbath. As a matter of abstract, individual right can they ba required to observe another day also ? Their position is not that of a person who claims that as a matter of personal liberty he has the right, if he chooses, to run an open saloon on Sunday, or to do any like act. That is not a matter of conscienceŠthis is. They claim that it is not only their right, but their duty under divine command, to ob-serve the seventh day. Calling them 'cranks' is no argument and has nothing to do with the question. If there were only one of them he would be entitled not only to his honest  belief, but to the exercise of that belief, so long as in so doing he did not interfere with some natural right of his neighbors. A man cannot kill another and excuse himself on the ground that he believed he was carrying out God's will in so doing, because this would deprive his victim of a natural right, viz. : the enjoyment of life. " Do the defendants in keeping the sev-enth day and working on the first, thereby interfere with any natural right of their neighbors ? Or is it an artificial right created by human law ? Has any power but the divine will the right to establish any one day as the Sabbath ? If the day has been ap-pointed by divine edict, but two or more persons honestly and conscientiously differ as to what day was appointed, can the dispute be settled by legislative enactment ? And shall one be given rights which are denied the other ? Does might make right, and have the majority the right to dictate in matters purely of conscience ?" CHRISTIANITY AND CIVIL RIGHTS. IT is the purpose of the civil government to preserve inviolate to the people under it those inalienable rights with which all men have been endowed by their Creator. This being so, it is the right of every individual to demand the protection of the civil govern-ment whenever his rights are threatened with invasion. This is right from a civil stand-point; but the Christian standpoint com-mands a higher and wider view of truth, and from this standpoint what is right within the sphere of civil things may be found contrary to right within the higher sphere of Christian duty. There are higher rights than the rights of man. Civil government conserves the lat-ter, but Christianity conserves the rights of God. The Creator has given to his human crea-tures the right to "life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness;" but he has also given to certain of them the commission, " Go ye . . into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature;" and in the execu-tion of this it has often been necessary to surrender earthly comforts, liberty, and even life itself. It was right under such circum-stances that the surrender should be made. Jesus Christ himself set the example in this respect. He surrendered all that was his by right for the sake of that cause which em-bodied right in the form of righteousness; and his followers must not turn back in their devotion to the same cause because the path-way may lead to the loss of property, liberty, or life here. Their natural, inalienable right to these things cannot afford them jus-tification in refusing under all circumstances to give them up. The rights of God are as much higher and more sacred than those of the human individ- ual, as the Creator is higher and greater than his human creature, or as the interests and welfare of the universe surpass in importance the temporal interests and welfare of one soul. God has a right to the love and worship of the beings he has created. And this is not for his own benefit, but for that of the uni-verse which he upholds; for God needs noth-ing from his creatures, but maintains and provides for them all. " God is love," and there is in him no taint of selfishness. It is not right that any person should place his own temporal interestsŠeven his inalienable rightsŠbefore interests which are infinitely higher and more sacred. The Christian will make it his first object in all things to advance-the interests of the cause of Christ. When these interests come in conflict with those pertaining to his worldly prosperity, the latter 