THE AMERICAN SENTINFL. 91 not be practicable, or, if practicable, might not, perhaps, be wise. It would in many cases entail suffering, and perhaps loss. If one of you should be called to-morrow to California on account of the severe illness of some member of your family. you certainly would not feel very kindly toward the railroad company that might land you in Ogden Saturday night, and keep you there until Monday morning." Perhaps Mr. Crafts and his fellows would say that this is an instance where the few would have to suffer for the benefit of the many; but if he himself were one of the few, we imagine that he would at once begin to learn what that meaneth, "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice." As a National Reformer once said to us, " There are a good many Perplexing things in connection with this matter." We suggest that the easiest way out is to allow the Lord to run his affairs in his own way. 0 Ł I. God in the Constitution. UNDER the above heading the Hon. John L. Rupe contributes to the Richmond (Ind.) Tele- gram, February 21, 22, quite an extended and critical exposition of the National Reform move-ment. On the general principles it is sound, al- though the author has fallen into the error of thinking that Sunday laws may to a certain ex-tent be defended on civil grounds. With this one exception, the whole paper is excellent, and we shall make two or three other articles from it be-sides the following:Š The principal reason for the amendment of the Constitution as demanded by the National Reform Association, and declared by those rec-ognized by the association as speaking authorita-tively upon the subject, are:- 1. That this is in fact a Christian Nation, and that our written Constitution, being the people's highest expression, should embody and declare their true sentiment. That as a large majority of the people in fact recognize God as the source of all power, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of Nations, and the revealed will of God as of supreme authority in civil affairs, therefore, our organic law should contain explicitly such dec-laration and recognition, and the omission therein is a national sin against God, for which the Na-tion will be held accountable; and that to allow this condition to remain, is to subject the Nation to constant danger from the divine wrath or from the withholding of the divine blessing and favor. 2. That the omission by the authors of the Constitution of the substance of the declarations, which it is now claimed should be added by amendment, was due to the influence of infidelity and irreligion, which prevailed to a marked de-gree at the period of its adoption; that this con-dition was temporary and no longer exists, and that the mistake in the omission influenced by the condition should now be corrected by the adoption of a suitable amendment. It is but fair to say that not all the advocates of amend-ment approve this argument. 3. That the absence of any recognition in the Constitution of the divine sovereignty, or of the revealed Will of God as of supreme authority in civil affairs, gives a basis for the claim by those of the people who are opposed. to Christianity, that the Nation, viewed as a civil Government, is not a Christian Nation; and that there is no warrant in our organic law for the enactment of laws for the observance of the Sabbath; for the I  use of the Bible and religious teaching in the public schools ; or for any laws with a purpose to regulate moral conduct in conformity with the divine law. That such an amendment is nec-essary now, in order that laws of the character indicated may be placed upon an undeniable legal basis. The first reason stated, or argument presented, in favor of amendment of the Constitution, viz., that this is a Christian Nation in fact, and that the Constitution should be made to conform to the fact; etc., etc., does not appear to rest upon any very substantial basis. The Mere statement of the argument tends strongly to exclude every-thing contemplated by it above a religious senti-ment. The argument that God will hold the people of the Nation accountable for failure to formally declare their dependence upon him, and recognize formally his supreme authority in all civil affairs, as a national sin, when, as the argu-ment assumes, the 'people constitute a Christian Nation in fact, does not strongly commend itself to the reason and judgment of men. Indeed, it seems as fallacious as that the substance should not be regarded as of importance until the shadow should be drawn to it. The argument appears at variance with recog-nized truth as to the divine character. Our teaching is that God in his omniscience sees what-ever may be in the hearts of men, whether openly professed or declared or not. If we. have not that which we profess, God knows us as hypo-crites, and if we have that within us which is pleasing in his sight, the declaration of it is not essential. Every man who is a Christian in fact professes Christ before the world, not by declara-tion of the lips, but by living always in obedience to the divine law; and thus he fulfills the measure of his duty. So it is that a Nation which is a Christian Nation in fact will give evidence of it in the organic principles upon which it rests, by the spirit which pervades its laws, and by its public acts and observances. The acts of the individual indicate his character; the acts of the Nation indicate the national character; by their acts are their characters judged, and not by pro-fession or declaration. By suggesting that the character of the Nation must be sought in its organic principles and national life, and not in its declarations, I would not be understood as conceding the assumption in the argument under consideration, that a Nation is accountable to God for neglect of religious observance, as an individual might be. I think the proposition assumed must be denied. Civil government depends for the exercise of its func-tions upon human agencies; the officer exercising civil power does not cast the sin he may commit therein upon the State; the accountability is personal. God does not view human beings as American, Frenchmen, or Russians. National distinctions-  and characteristics rise no higher than human affairs. All men in the economy of God's universe are leveled to a common plane of personal accountability; hence it is a solecism to say that a Nation, a soulless thing, existing only in legal fiction, is held accountable to God for sin which is in its essence personal. This first ar-gument considered must, I think, be regarded as evasive of the real issue and not intended to comprehend in its scope the real questions in-volved. I think it may be assumed that if it was sought to amend the Constitution by placing in it an explicit recognition of God and his supreme authority in civil affairs, as an expres- sion of the religious sentiment of the people, and no other purpose was declared or foreshadowed by its advocates, the proposition would meet no serious opposition. This consideration, however, has not been the real cause which has moved the advocates of the measure. The real cause has its origin in a different motive and in a different spirit, as I shall attempt to show in another con-nection. Sunday Laws and Temperance. BY the above heading we do not mean to imply that Sunday laws and temperance have anything in common, or that they have any connection, for they do not. We have had some sharp discus-sions with friends that thought we ought not to pronounce wholesale condemnation on Sunday laws, but ought to work for, or at least not an-tagonize, laws prohibiting the selling of liquor on Sunday. But the more we see of the Sunday-law argument, the more convinced we are that no more vicious law could be passed than a so-called temperance Sunday law. All such laws are de-signed solely to exalt the Sunday above other days, but they do also exalt the liquor traffic to a place of respectability. We have lately come across a little tract on the subject, which shows this more plainly than anything we have ever before seen. The tract in question is entitled, "Through the Side Door." It is published by the "New York Sabbath Committee," and purports to have been written by a working-woman. At the top of the first page of the tract, the following statement appears: "This paper received the prize of fifty dollars for the best essay on Sunday Liquor Sell- ing, by a working man or woman." This shows that the argument is considered an extra good one. As a matter of fact, and as might be expected, the tract contains no argument whatever. It is simply a story, whether of real or fictitious occur-rences is not stated. The lady represents herself as having been employed in a library just across the street from a saloon, where she could see all that went on. Moreover, the bartender was a patron of the library, and with him she had fre-quent talks. In the first conversation the young man told how lie was forced, by lack of employ-ment, to engage in the saloon business. After stating that he was obliged to tend bar or starve, the following dialogue occurred :Š "Working-womanŠCould not these same argu-ments be used just as well by a man who, from be-ing out of money, had taken to house breaking or highway robbery? "BartenderŠPerhaps they might, and most men would feel justified in doing either of those things rather than starve. But you must remember that those avocations are not lawful businesses, as ours is. "Working-woman--Except when you sell on Sunday.'" There you have In this tract, issued for the purpose of arousing public sentiment in favor of Sunday laws, and against the saloon, the liquor traffic is plainly declared to be lawful and right on any day but Sunday. But this is not all. After describing the build-ing owned by Mr. Rorkle, for whom the young man tended bar, and speaking of the side door, she says:Š "Now w4. knew, and all the neighbors knew, that despite the law, many customers of the bar-room came through this door every Sunday, and pro-curecrdrinks just as easily as upon any other day. 