52 AMERICAN SENTINEL. thing for anybody to ask the N. W. C. T. U. to protest against any such interpretation or use of any lines of W. C. T. U. work as shall give aid or comfort to those who, through ignorance, prejudice, or malice, would enact or enforce such laws as can be made to serve the purposes of persecution. Accordingly, therefore, to the W. C. T. U. it is not an objectionable thing for anybody, through ignorance, prejudice, or malice, so to use any lines of W. C. T. U. work as to enact or enforce such laws as can be made to serve the purpose of persecution. It is an objectionable thing for anybody to ask the N. W. C. T. U. to protest against any such interpreta-tion or use of any lines of W. C. T. U. work as shall in any manner interfere with the most perfect liberty of conscience concerning days, or the manner of their ob-servance. Accordingly, therefore, it is not an,  objectionable thing for anybody to use any lines of W. C. Z. U. work so as to interfere with perfect liberty of conscience con-cerning days and the manner of their observance. It is an objectionable thing for anybody to ask the N. W. C. T. U. to protest against the use of their mate-rial and machinery, even by the prejudiced and mali-cious, in persecuting. It is not, to the national Union, an objectionable thing for anybody, even in prejudice and malice, to use the material and machinery of the N. W. C. T. U. to persecute concerning days and the manner of their ob- .c. servance. So the N. W. C. T. U. has taken its position, has written itself down, and has published itself to the world. Assuredly, therefore, it was proper and most timely that a member should give notice, as was given, "that at the next annual convention I, or some one in my place, will offer the following amendment to the con-stitution:Š "ARTICLE IVI.-PLANS OF WORK. "Nothing shall ever be incorporated into any plan of N. W. C. T. U. work, by department or otherwise, which must of necessity become the occasion of sectarian controversy, or which can in any sense be made to inter-fere with perfect liberty of conscience." Now let it be understOod that we do not say that the N. W. C. T. U. consciously, intentionally, and of forethought, put themselves thus on record as not objecting to persecution or interference with liberty of conscience concerning days and the manner of their ob-servance. We are perfectly satisfied, and free to say, that the women of the convention did what they did without any consideration at all of the real thing that they were doing. It is evident that they allowed their fears for Sunday and Sunday laws to become so aroused that they utterly lost sight of all merits of the resolu-tion before them; that all calmness of consideration  was forgotten; and that in this "state of mind" they rushed the resolution out of the way by whatever means possible. And in the doing of this, they committed themselves to the position that it is objectionable for anybody to ask them to protest against the use of their material and machinery to persecute and to interfere with liberty of conscience concerning days and the man-ner of their observance. It is a good thing that the national Union has a whole year before it, in which to consider and to look/  soberly at what they really did, and then have an op-portunity in the next annual convention to correct the mistake into which they allowed themselves to be hur.  ried. And having considered the subject for a whole year, then, at the next annual convention, will they really correct their mistake? or will they confirm their declar-ation to the effect that it is an objectionable thing for them to be asked to protest against any such interpre-tation or use of any lines of W. C. T. U. work as can be made to serve the purposes of persecution, or to inter-fere with the most perfect liberty of conscience concern-ing days ,and the manner of their observance? These are proper and interesting questions. A. T. J. National Reform Notes. THE following items of interest pertaining to the progress of the National Reform movement, are gath-ered from the last issue of the National Reform organ, the Christian Statesman:Š IN the annual report of the Postmaster-General, a recommendation is made to Congress in favor of "a modification of the eight-hour law, which shall provide for six days' work of forty-eight hours, with as many additional hours on Sunday, not exceeding eight, as the exigencies of the service may demand." This disregard of the claims made for Sunday as a sacred day called forth a "faithful rebuke" from the theocratic party, and "Mr. Smith [the Postmaster-General] has assured the editor of the Statesman that, no such recommenda-tion will ever again find place in his report." "WITH the increasing prosperity of the times it now seems probable," says the Statesman, "that this year's receipts will be far in advance of those of any recent' year." And these will be used "to carry forward the many important lines of practical work now in hand." "The present list of workers in the National Reform cause," we read further, "is by far the largest during the entire history of the movement," and "with such a corps of workers the year 1900 will be the inauguration of a new era in the cause of National Reform." 