Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paine Press publishing Go. NIEMAN SENTIN International Religious liberty Assoeiation. Single Copy, Per Year, Six months, Three " $1.00. - 50. - .25. ADDRESS, AtIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York., AMERICAN SENTINEL. 397 to outward appearances, the condition of the negro is the same as before emancipation. The Arabs received the news with submission. The town was absolutely quiet, although sailors and marines were prepared to land from the British men-of-war in the harbour. I do not think there is the slightest fear of future trouble." THE theory upon which rests the gigantic religio-po-litical movement which has made all the world familiar with the terms "Christian Endeavor" and "Christian citizenship," speaks on this wise:Š "In her possibilities of happiness and glory under the influence of Christ, America is but a child. What she may become at maturity when a thousand millions of happy and prosperous people shall throng her cities and broad fields, when the church of five hundred millions of mem-bers holds all her affairs vigilantly, wisely, and success-fully in hand by legitimate agitation and influence, when all shall be progress and little or no poverty, when the weak shall be brothered by the strong, and the darkest places of the earth enlightened by colonies of enterprising Americans, who has ever dreamed? "Consecrated patriotism will bring it about, and ought to begin at once with far-reaching plans." So writes, in the last issue of the Christian Statesman, the Rev. Charles Roads, who conducts a Christian En-deavor department in that journal. But this pleasing picture is altogether an illusion,Šthe theory which calls for "consecrated patriotism" is altogether wrong, be- cause it is altogether contrary to Scripture. "Be sure you right," runs the familiar motto, "and then go ahead." The more far-reaching plains are laid, when the direction taken is the wrong one, the worse it will be in the end. mission is accomplished. It has communicated the virus of National Reform doctrine to the more numerous and powerful branches of the Protestant church, and whether it is now continued or supended will matter nothing as regards the realizat‚ion of its long-advocated project of union of Church and State in the United States. • Ł Ł 4 Ł THE papal delegate to Canada, Mgr. Del Val, has de-cided, it is said, to notify the Canadian Catholic clergy that the Manitoba school controversy is settled, and to warn the bishops to withhold mandaments. Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. II. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Penn. TO OUR PATRONS : 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter- THE Christian Statesman, well known as the organ of the National Reform party, has been suspended as a weekly paper, and its editor, Dr. David McAllister, re-moved from editorial charge of the same, by the action of the Reformed Presbyterian Synod, in session at Beaver Falls, Pa., June 2. This action was taken, we learn, be-.cause of heretical articles which the editor has been for some time publishing on the subject of church unity. The editor complains of this as being a blow against "the soul of editorial liberty." From the standpoint of an impartial observer, no one can be suprised that the intolerant spirit which the Reformed Presbyterian church embodies, and which the National Reform movement has so plainly shown, should have made itself felt internally, upon members of that ORGAN oF.rHE body, as well as upon those without. That it should have found a victim in the person of its foremost advo-cate and exponent, may be regarded as an illustration -of the irony.of fate._ We do not see that Dr. McAllister has any reason to complain. The Statesman will be continued as a monthly jour-nal, and will continue to be the organ of the National Reform Association. As a religious journal, however, its 