36 THE AMERICAN.  SENTINEL. but nevertheless it must compel the observ-ance of the eivil Sabbath.' All these prop-ositions are self-contradictory when applied to Sunday. If the State ought to enforce the observance of the Sabbath according to the divine law, it must enforce the observance of the seventh day of the week. It is further asserted: There can be only one Sabbath day in the week, and the privilege of rest for each is conditioned upon a law of rest for all. Government, therefore, must decide upon the day, so far as the civil Sabbath is concerned.' Here the doctrine that any one day in seven meets the demands of the law, is ignored, and the proposition is put forth that the Govern-ment having chosen a dayŠfor whatever reason -that day and that only must be recognized and enforced by the civil law. It has been fre-quently said within the last few years that the privilege of rest for each is conditioned upon a law of rest for all.' This statement is disproved every week. The existing Sunday laws are but slightly enforced, and while, in a certain sense, rest from labor is general, Sab-bath-keeping in any religious sense is, by no means general; nevertheless, the few who de-sire to rest religiously on Sunday, do so with but slight if any interruption or disturbance. This proposition is farther disproved by the fact that Sabbath-keeping Christians and Sab-bath-keeping Jews have bedn compelled by the practice of the majority for centuries to rest in the midst of the great tide of worldly business and amusement. Yet, in spite of all this, their rest has been quite as nearly complete and, as truly religious as that of those who observe the first day. They not only rest without the authority of the [civil] law, but surrounded by all the disabilities which come from being ignored by the law, and from be-ing compelled, by the same law, to rest upon the first day of the week. "Here comes the crucial point in Mr. Rit-tenhouse's position, which, being analyzed, is seen to be opposed to the fundamental doc-trines of Christianity, of republicanism, and of freedom of conscience. According to Mr. Rittenhouse, the State must legislate upon Sunday-observance in accordance with the opinion of the majority, and must wholly ig-nore the minority. If, as now, the civil rest day be fixed upon the first day of the week, Jews and Sabbath-keeping Christians must suffer. If by any turn in the wheel, the civil law should fix upon the seventh day, then all who observe the first day must suffer. The fundamental error in this theory is, that the civil and religious rights of the minority are not to be respected. Being in the minority, they must patiently suffer for conscience' sake. This is the same doctrine which drove Baptists and Quakers from New England, which burned dissenters at Smithfield, which butchered the Waldenses, and so backward along the line of religious proscription and persecution, until we reach the fountain of this theory, where it springs from the genius of the pagan State. Professor Rittenhouse's proposition is only an indirect way of pun-ishing those who hold to an illegal religion. * * *‚ "The weakness of Mr. Rittenhouse's posi-tion, as well as its injustice, is further evinced in the repetition of the popular fallaCy, that there is, or can be, a civil Sabbath.' The State may rightfully establish holidays, upon which cessation from labor is permittedŠpossibly in great emergencies when the interests of the commonwealth are clearly at stake it might compel such cessation as a war measure.' But to assume that the State has the right to compel a weekly cessation from legitimate business upon mere hygienic grounds, is, to say the least, a point settled neither by expe-rience nor by the deductions of science. If it be claimed that the fourth commandment in-dicates this necessity, we agree heartily; but it is begging the question to say' that there-fore the State has a right to compel this rest. The blessings which the fourth command-ment implies come through obedience from, re-ligious motivesŠconscience toward God. They cannot rise from physical rest unassociated with the religious element. There are thou-sands of evils which' obedience to the law of God would prevent in individual life, and in the State, which can be prevented only by the enthronement of the divine law in the hearts of individuals, and thus in the Nation. Cessation from business at the behest of civil law has never risen above holidayism. In the matter of Sabbath-keeping, as upon every other religious questions, the only province of the civil law is the protection of conscience. Every man should be protected equally with every other man, on whatever day he may feel it his duty to rest, that he may sabbatize. If unavoidable difficulties come to him be-cause he is in the minority, he must bear them; but the State has no right to impose still greater difficulties, by compelling him, against his conscience, to cease from legiti-mate labor on another day. It is practically true under the operation of the laws of the State of New Jersey that a large share of the business men of the church of which the writer is pastor, are compelled to lose one-seventh of their time from legitimate business. " We do not believe that Professor Ritten-house, nor those associated with him in the opinions he expresses, have fully considered the position they have taken, either as to its logical results, or as to its intrinsic injustice. They see Sunday observance not only endan-gered, but being destroyed. Deluded by the hope that the civil law can prevent this, their proposition is to compel all classes to express at least an outward regard by cessation from labor. " The attempted comparison of the position of the Friends as non-combatants, and Sab-bath-keepers, is not a just one. Necessary defense of the nation against foreign foes or internal disruption, constitutes an emergency to which the Sabbath law yields, upon the ground of self-defense. Such an emergencyŠwe trust it may never arise again in the history of our nationŠbears no just analogy to a religious practice connected, with every week of life; and it is scarcely less than lu-dicrous to speak of the voluntary refusal to seek the emoluments of the army and navy  as a misfortune, or to call this a disability under the law. " We do not question the-  Christian spirit and purpose of those men represented by Professor Rittenhouse and his theory. We impute neither conscious injustice nor un-kindness to them. Having adopted the false theory that the State must compel obedience in religious matters, and being unconsciously blinded by that sense of power which the majority always feels, they propose to trample upon the conscientious rights of the minority, because they can. The great mass of those who violate the Sunday laws are not Sabbath-keepers. Many of them are defiantly irrelig-ious. They do not disregard Sunday because they have a religious,regard for the Sabbath, but because they have no religious regard for any-thing. The wickedness which they seek to do on Sunday as a holiday, should be re-strained by civil lawŠnotably, liquor-selling and the resultant rioting. [And so they should be on every other day as well.] But if, as Mr. Rittenhouse claims, the civil law ought to ac-cord with the divine law of the sacred Sabbath Šwhich divine law cannot apply to SundayŠthere is 'no shadow of 'pretense for forbidding legitimate business on Sunday. If any log-ical basis can be found for legislation against legitimate business on Sunday, it must be based upon scientific deductions relative to the welfare of the State, without regard to re-ligious considerations. "Mr. Rittenhouse is consistent with the facts of history when he insists upon the en-forcement of Sunday laws on religious grounds. All Sunday legislation has sprung from the religious sentiment. The pagans `venerated' the day as a religious duty owed' to the god of the sun. In the Middle Ages, the ruling authorities claimed the right to enforce relig-ious regard for Sunday, and many other days, because similar regard for the Sabbath had been required under the Jewish theocracy. The Puritan theory, which formed the basis of the special legislation in our own country, claimed religious regard for. Sunday, both as commemorating the resurrection of Christ, and by the transfer of the authority of the fourth commandment to the first day of the ''eek. There would have been no Sunday legislation in the past had it not sprung from religious sentiment. Hence it is correct to insist upon the enforcement of the Sunday laws, if at all, upon religious grounds. It is this fact which makes Mr. Rittenhouse's posi-tions illiberal and destructive to freedom of conscience. His propositions are more ele-gantly expressed than were the earlier colonial laws which empowered the civil officers to break into any house where they suspected `pestiferous Quakers,' and Baptists, or other ungodly assemblies, to be in worship, and to arrest and punish all found thus doing. The civilization of our time forbids the repetition of such legislation, but the exact spirit which prompted those enactments lurks in the prop- osition of Mr. Rittenhouse to compel the mi-nority to obey the Sunday laws with reference to legitimate buSiness, without regard to their conscientious regard for the Sabbath. If the 