lev  Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or politicalŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CA,LIFORNI A., JANUARY 30, 1889. NUMBER 2 ArreFical 3e9jirel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 41 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 26 Colima PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL.; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TII St CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS. J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTB, DAN T. JONES. CuRisT's kingdom is not of this world. The church is not a police board, nor Caesar's lieutenant, but a Saviour of lost sinners., Its simple, sole, glorious mission is to bring sin-ners to Jesus by preaching the gospel to them with the Holy Ghost sent down from Heaven. ŠSt. Louis Observer. Tim misery of man is great enough without its being enhanced by tyranny over conscience. Liberty and contentment are two great sources of human happiness. The lark rises at pleas-ure, and in such notes as nature teaches, war-bles its song to heaven; thus absolutely free as to all coercive control and every human tribunal, ought to be the mind of man in the service of God.ŠThomas Clarke. Is the family a failure? We are led to ask the question in view of the fact that several of our contemporaries in their zeal for intro-ducing sectarian instruction in the public schools, declare, " You can't depend upon the family for . religious instruction." Well, in the early history of the republic there were no public schools; but religion was taught, and taught in the homes of the country. Are we weaker now than we were a century ago? ŠChristian at Work. SAY what you will, religion and the church cannot. be  separated. Pure, undefiled religion marks its possessor as a member of the church of Christ; for no one can "keep himself un-spotted from the world," unless he is a fol-lower of Christ, and Christ dwells in him. But if this kind of religion marks one as a member of the true church of Christ, any less degree of religion marks its professor as a member of a false church. It is a base imi-tation of the pure coin. And so religious legislation by the State is church legislation; and that is as much a lotion nf Church and State as has ever existed in the world. Na-tional Reformers give tonnion of Church and Btate the :narrow definition '0- legislation by  the State in favor of a single sect, and then say that they are not in favor of that. Of course they are not; but they boldly declare in favor of legislation in behalf of those prin-ciples which all sects hold in common, thus showing that they are in favor of Church and State union in the largest sense.  Tun Chicago Advance of December '6, in an article on the reasons why fewer men than women attend church, shows the fallacy of the explanation that men are too tired to attend church on Sunday, by saying that " laboring men's organizations areequite com-monly holding their meetings on Sunday. They do not seem to be too tired for that." And then it continues:Š " It is also plain that the men who do not come to church include that constantly in-creasing class who are secularizing Sunday, and making it another work-day. Nothing can be more clear than the fact that the only way to have Sunday a rest day is to keep it a religious day." And so, " by the same token," it appears that every law for the observance of Sunday is a law in favor of religion; and therefore to make laws,compelling people to keep Sunday is to make laws to compel them to be relig-ious, and it should need no argument to con-vince anybody who has ever read the Bible that such a proceeding is directly opposed to the Spirit of Christ and the gospel. IN a speech before the General Assembly of the Knights of Labor, Rev. W. F. Crafts said :Š _" Last month I spoke to the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, at their Interna-tional Convention, and secured from them, after a full consideration of the matter, a unanimous and enthusiastic indorsement of a petition to Congress against Sunday work in the Government's mail and military service, and in interstate commerce." The Brotherhodd of Locomotive Engineers is one of the most powerful and influential labor organizations in the world, and its sup-port of the Blair Bill will be a material aid in securing its passage. The same may be add of the Knights of Labor. After Mr. Crafts's speech, a hearty vote of thanks was tendered him, and the petition to Congress was then indorsed by unanimous vote of the "sembly. The Journal of United Labor adds, J. its own account: " It is hoped that every church and every labor organization will, by vote or by individual signature, at once-  in-dorse the petition." THE pastors and officers of thirty-three Ger-man Evangelical Churches in New York and Brooklyn, met, a few days ago, and formed an organization which, it is said, ".may lead to important political results." One of the leading ministers stated that its object is "to maintain and defend the civil and religious lib-erty" of this country, whenever it seems to be in danger. He said that it was proposed to break the power of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States. This latter they will find an impossibility, and the probabili-ties are that this league will simply try to substitute one ecclesiastical domination for another, or else will think to purify Catholi-cism by a union with it; and either plan would only make a bad matter worse. There is always danger when ministers and church people organize to effect "important political results," no matter how good their intentions may be. The Parent and the State. THERE is no paper that comes to° us that we prize more highly than we do America, because of its general straightforward, out-spoken, manly defense of true American prin-ciples. It is therefore with the greater regret that we see it going so wide of the mark as it does in the following paragraph :Š "Fifty years ago instruction in some of the primary principls of the Christian religion might have been left to private schools., churches, and the family; but it was not. To-day he must be an optimistic dreamer who expects Christian morality to be incul-cated among our youth through any such adventitious means. Unless the children of the republic receive some religious training in the public schools, they will go absolutely without it." The self-contradictory statements in this must be obvious to all. If there is so little Christian morality in this country that, unless it is taught in the public schools, the children will go " absolutely without it," where are they going to find people who can teach it in the public schools? This one thing stampsŁ the article as the hasty utterance of one who made up his mind from feeling rather than reason. It is not true that churches and the family are " adventitious means " for inculcating Christian morality. As a matter of fact, the Bible knows of no other means. Hear the di-vine rule for the instruction of the children in the moral law :Š "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with, EDITORS. 