AMERICAN SENTINEL. 77 and I liked many other thingsŠexcept church; but once there came a power into my heart and I saw that no man couldindulge in thefrivolities of life and be apower with God. "And I never danced or went to the theater again. "Theaters, cards, kissing parties, prize-fights, cake-walks, and fashion, all mingled into one unharmonious whole, engage the people. They engage the people so strongly that they do not feel the power of GodŠnot until their dissipated lives are waning and they are dying. "If God is good enough to save the dying man, what wouldn't he do for the man in the prime of life, if that man would only appeal to him? "Just tell the people I am serious. My one object is to combine the church with business and pleasure, so that sinners may be saved!" All this is, in principle, just what was done by the church in the early centuries, to make Christianity at-tractive to the unconverted heathen. There were those in the church then, just as there are now, who saw the "necessity" of doing something to make the house of God a place of attraction for the heathen world. And according, various doctrines and ceremonies were de-vised with this end in view, and the result was, in their view, highly successful. The heathen were attracted, and flocked into the churches in vast numbers. But instead of being converted to God by the church, the outcome was that the church herself became heathen. Having lowered herself to the plane of heathenism to save the heathen, she was unable to raise herself back to the plane of Christianity; she became as much lost as were the heathen. And to day, the same principle is no less true. The church can lower herself to the world's level, but she cannot lift herself back to the level of godliness. In-stead of saving the world, she can by such means only bring upon herself the necessity of repentance and hu-miliation before Cod for the sin of backsliding. The church of Rome succeeded in making herself attractive to worldly-minded people; and she has re-tained this attracting power ever since. And while the Protestant churches are confessing that their hold on the people is departing, and seeking in every way to devise attractions for catching and holding the worldly classes, no such necessity is felt by the church of Rome. That church is not losing her hold upon the people. This is a fact which any person can observe for himself. When Protestant pastors, therefore, begin to study to devise means for making the church a competitor with the theaters, and other worldly shows in attract-ing the pleasure-loving masses, they are only engaged upon a problem which the church of Rome has solved, and of which she holds the only solution. It would shorten the work and give the result they are seeking, if they would at once make the papal system their model. But Christianity does not seek to please:the worldly- minded. It offers the power of God to transform the mind, and when that is done, the further removed the church is from the level of worldly shows and amuse-ments, the more attractive will it be to that individual. Christianity can make no compromise with the world. THE PERIL OF THE REPUBLIC, BY PROP. P. T. MAGAN. In this work the author shows how the United States of America is now on the very threshold of an apostasy from the principles of a true republic and how already there has been congressional legislation, executive action, and judicial decision committing this govern-ment to principles opposed to Protestantism. This is MOST IMPORTANT HISTORY, and if you would know all about it you must read this book. Nowhere else is this history given. The following are a few of the chapter headings:Š A NATION'S BIRTHRIGHT, A WAR FOR HUMANITY'S SAKE, AMERICAN IMPERIALISM, MANIFEST DESTINY, AMITY OR ARMAGEDDON. "The Peril of the Republic of the United States of America" is just from the press, contains ix chapters, 196 pages, (size 6% x 8 inches), and is handsomely and durably bound in red cloth. Price $1.00. Address PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. Or, Oakland. Cal. Kansas City, Mo. PAGANCOUNTERFEITS in the By C. CA. S. hristi  TEMPLE. A vivid presentation of the pagan festivals, rites, and usages which the author finds in the Christian churches of to-day, together with two chapters on Freemasonry, which ought to be read by every Mason who professes to be a Christian. 187 pages, paper covers. Price 25 cents. Address House nearest to you. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bang Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN S   P.,1\TTIN   FUL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION° PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.000 " Six months .50. " Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York, 