EATS,TRADE MARKS COPYRIGHTS. VEBRUARY 28, 189g. 71 wheels of progress go round very fast in Chi-cago when they move at all, and their revolu-tion has begun. No political party can now afford to ignore the uprising against fanaticism and corruption. Non-partisan in politics, Chicago's Personal Liberty Association wel-comes Democrats, Republicans and Independ-ents, demanding no pledge but that of alle-giance to the principles upon which the Re-public was founded and upon the perpetuity of which our institutions depend. The founders of this league are profoundly convinced that the world is too much goy: erned; that such government is best as gov-erns least; that a stream cannot rise higher than its source; that a community is no better than the individuals composing it; that the development of individualism is the Republic's greatest need; that the besetting sin of our peopleŠand more's the shameŠis dishonesty; that the only road to reform in national and municipal affairs is in reform of the individ-ual, not by making laws, but by making char-acter strong enough to resist temptations in which the world abounds. With all my heart and head I welcome a league for which I have long prayed. Their fight is mine. For eight years I have been preaching their gospel, and have been reviled and rejected by those who mistake their liver for their conscience. It is futile to fly in the face of the Almighty and build a fence around humanity beyond which vision may not range. Freedom in thought and deed, independence of character, are the very bulwarks of a re-public. Without such freedom, without in-dividuality, a government of the people, for the people, by the people is a fraud. Let the new league go to the Bible for its inspira-tion and its watchword: " Son of man, stand on thy feet! "ŠKate _Field's Washing-ton, Jan, 0, 1895, Education in Manitoba. A Series of -Judicial Decisions. PEMBINA, Feb. 12.ŠThe school system of Manitoba, now practically modeled upon that of the United States, has been the subject of bitter and determined contention there since 1890, in which year it was adopted. For-merly the system prevailing in Ontario and Quebec was in force there, providing separate schools for Protestant and Roman Catholic children and giving the Catholics a portion of the school fund. The Catholics rose in arms against the new ordinance and have fought it tooth and nail ever since, being beaten at all points and at last worsted before the authority of final appeal. Their first application in op-position to the new law was to the courts of the province, which pronounced the statute valid. It was carried to an appellate tribunal consisting of one Catholic and two Protestant judges, and the decree of the former court was sustained by the majority, the Catholic judge voting against it. It was then carried to the supreme court at Ottawa, consisting of six judges, three being Protestant and three Cath-olic, and this high tribunal unanimously re-versed the preceding decisions. The Manitoba government then carried the case before the privy council in London, which reversed the Ottawa decision, restoring the rulings of the previous courts. The Catholics then appealed to the governor-general under a clause in the law providing for remedial legis-lation in certain cases, and the governor-gen-eral referred the matter to the supreme court at Ottawa, a special act being passed by the Dominion Parliament conferring competent authority on the court to render such a deci-sion. It decided that the government had no such power, all the judges, Protestant and  Catholics, concurring. From this decision the Catholics again appealed to the privy council with a result as yet undetermined, but it is likely to reaffirm its former decisions. There is little doubt that Manitoba prefers her new school system, and that it will be adhered to notwithstanding all efforts from every quarter against it.ŠThe Sun, Feb. 17. For Playing Billiards on Sunday. " THE White Elephant," Phil Black's big billiard resort at 532 Sixth Avenue, was raided at 1:15 o'clock this morning and sixty people arrested by the police of the West Thirtieth Street station.ŠThe Sun, Feb. 17. "I AM SURPRISED" Says Prof. K A. Sheldon, Presi-dent of the New York State Normal School, Oswego, "that so much that is valuable for one to know is brought into so small a compass, and sold for so small a price." Yes, The NEW WEBSTER DICTIONARY and COMPLETE VEST-POCKET LIBRARY is full of happy surprises. It successfully combines in one small volume of vest-pocket size, A Dictionary of 45,S00 words, A Complete Parliamentary Manual, (Based on Roberts' and Cushing's) A Literary Guide, etc. .--"ŠFOR THE VEST POCKET OR THE WRITING DESK.Š Simple, - - Handy, - Reliable. Just what everybody needs for every-day use. DO NOT DELAY TO ORDER. Sent post-paid as follows:Š FINE SILK CLOTH, Red edges, - - 25 cents. MOROCCO, Gold edges, - - - - 50 cents. EXTRA MOROCCO, With Perpetual Mem-orandum, Three - Years' Calendar, Stamp Holder, etc.. - - - 60 cents. All three styles are indexed. ŠADDRESSŠ PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City. Christian : - - Nducation. By Mrs. E. G. WHITE. THE MOST COMPLETE and . . . COMPREHENSIVE WORK On the subject of CHRISTIAN EDUCATION that has ever been published. Starting from the period of history, it points out the most successful way of preparing the mind of the child for the work of succeeding years. The importance of proceeding upon Christian principles in the work of education, t he nature and kind of studies which are best for children, and the moulding influences of home and associates, are dwelt upon in the most practical and explicit way. Many cf the problems that per-plex parents are cleared up in this book, and every one who has to deal with children should procure and study it. 256 pages, nicely bound in cloth, - 50c. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, Oakland, Cal. New York City. Kansas City, Mo. FACTS : FOR : THE : TIMES, --CONTAINING Historical Extracts, Candid Admissions from Authors, ancient and modern, on the live questions of the present hour, political and religious. A BOOK FOR THE TIMES. A compilation of facts that are astounding, by Students of Biblical and Historical Research. 340 pages. Wine-colored cloth binding. P R I CE, Post-paid, - - - 75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. The Gospel . . . in Creation. BY E. J. WAGGONER. A nicely illustrated work setting forth clearly and simply the relation between God's work in creation and redemption. By this study it is seen that the faith of the Christian does not rest upon the soundness 'of any theory which the advance of science may render obsolete, but is established upon indis-putable facts which are known to all men. Further, the signs of power and greatness that mark the handiwork of God in the visible universe are shown to be but indications of the unfailing strength with which he works in the lives of those who submit to his will. The confirmation cf the truths of the gospel drawn from the study of the creation will make this book a valuable one t o all who are watching with interest the attacks that are now made on the ruthority of the Bible. PRICEŠCloth, . 40 cents. PACIFIC. PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. if Before He is Twenty," ŠORŠ " Five Perplexing Phases of the Boy Question," IS A VERY HELPFUL BOOK FOR PARENTS. IT is divided into five chapters, by as many different writers, each treating of a particular phase of a boy's life. The first chapter, "THE BOY AND His FATHER," by Robert J. Bur-dette, is alone worth many times the price of the book to any father Of a young boy. The other chapters, "WHEN HE DECIDES," " THE BOY IN THE. OFFICE," "HIS EVENINGS AND AMUSEMENTS," and "Lootinsa TOWARD A WIFE," are all important and helpful. 104 pages, bound in cloth, embossed in jet and gold, price, - - 75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, New York City. CAN I OBTAIN A PATENT? For a prompt answer awnfloaiiiiavhmasct opinion,twyrylteea  to rs' experience in the patent business. nearly  Bone strictly confidential. A Handbook of In.. formation concerning Patents and how to ob-tain them sent free. Also a catalogue of mechan. kal and scientific books sent free. Patents taken through Munn It Co. receive special  arecoeuAtthWril-231)teifige'ZnegiVgtig Out cost to the inventor. This splendid paper, issued weekly, elegantly illustrated, has by far the largest circulation of any scientific work in the world. 53 a year. Sample copies sent free. Building Edition, monthly, $2.50 a year. Single copies, 25 cents. Every number contains beau-tiful plates, in colors, and photographs of new houses, with plans, enabling builders to show the latest designs and secure contracts. Address NUNN 65C0., NEW YORK, 361 BROADWAY. 