40 THE AMERICA_N SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. 5.. NEW YORK, JANUARY 29, 1891. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except,  by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. SENATOR H. W. BLAIR has been de-feated for re-election to the United States Senate. THE provision of the Brazilian Consti-tution, which forbids the several States of that republic to " aid or hinder the ex-ercise of any religious worship," is cer-tainly an improvement upon our own Constitution. MR. CRAFTS says that the Jew is left absolutely free to observe the seventh day, but insists that a Sunday law is necessary to guarantee to the Christian perfect lib-erty to keep Sunday. Will he kindly ex-plain how that can be ? ACCORDING to statistics prepared by Dr. H. K. Carroll, of the Independent, the fourteen leading Protestant denomina-tions, sub-divided into seventy-five sects, have a total membership of 13,079,576. The number of Roman Catholics is put at 8,012,970, including children. THE case of R. M. King, of Tennes-see, who was arrested and fined for plow-ing on Sunday, has been heard before a Federal Court. The case was first ap-pealed to the Supreme Court of the State, which confirmed the judgment of the lower court. It was then brought before Judge Hammond, of the Federal Court, on a wrii of habeas corpus. Judge Ham-mond holds that he has no jurisdiction to pass on a decision of the State courts. THE claim so confidently made by the advocates of the so-called "civil Sabbath" that a failure to regularly observe a stated weekly rest shortens human life, is strongly discredited by facts recently published by Dr. Billings, of the United States Army, who conducted an inquiry for the purpose of ascertaining certain characteristics of the vital statistics of the Jewish population of the United States. " This material," says the Press, of this city, " was gathered by Mr. A. S. Solomons for the Census Office, and shows the social condition of nearly eleven thou-sand Jewish families in the United States, representing in all something, over sixty thousand persons. The general result of this inquiry Shows that the Jewish race in  the United States, has the advantage over the average population, of a lower death rate." This is significant in view of the fact that a vast majority of the Jew's really observe no regular weekly rest. Their greed of gain: prevents them from keeping the ancient Sabbath, and they have no regard for Sunday, and so devote the day either to business or to pleasure, as opportunity offers. WE have received another letter from Rev. H. 0. Hoffman, of Bloomington, Il-linois, which will appear next week. Mr. Hoffman takes issue with us upon the question of moral instruction in the public schools. Those interested in the matter would do well to preserve his former letter and our answer to it, which ap-peared in No. 3, of the current volume. THE Independent, in its issue of the twenty-second, publishes twenty-eight ad-ditional replies to the letter sent out by that paper asking opinions relative to the Sunday closing of the Columbian Exposi-tion. Of these replies which are from members of the Cabinet, members of Congress, and Governors of States, thir-teen are in favor of opening the Exposi-tion during, at least, a portion of Sunday ; the same number are in favor of closing it on that day, while two are non-com-mittal. MAJOR BACON, a Georgia lawyer, has discovered that the preachers of that State are required by law to read from their pulpits, four times a year, an act regard-ing the observance of Sunday. The statute was framed by the Colonial Assembly in 1763, section 10 reading as follows : " And be it further enacted, that this act shall be read yearly, and every year, and at least four times in each year before sermon begins ; Š and every minister is hereby required to read the same in his respective place of divine worship." The act provides penalties for vice, profanity, immorality, and for not "keeping holy the Lord's day commonly called Sunday." Mr. Crafts should make a note of this as an- other proof of the purely civil (?) character of Sunday laws. -4- Ł THE Mail and Express, the New York daily of National Reform tendencies, Com-plains that a Protestant is imprisoned in Callao, Peru, for a purely religious offense, _and that he was not arrested at the in, stance of . the civil authorities, nor with any belief on their part that he was a dan-gerous man, against whom society needed to be guarded, but that he Was appre-hended on complaint of the priests. " It is," says our contemporary, "simply a case of religious persecution and intoler-ance, and the whole responsibility -for this outrageous violation of personal liberty rests with the bishops and priests of the  Roman Catholic Church, who,are strain-ing every nerve to prolong his imprison-ment." We have not a doubt of the cor-rectness Of this- statement,_ and think the .conclusion= and the censure just; but why is it that the- Mail and Express waxes indignant over such wrongs in Peru, and _ says never a word when a similar outrage is perpetrated in our own country ? Is the Mail and Express in favor of religious liberty only for its friends ? IT is stated that " the Pope has ap-pointed a commission to study the relig-ious situation of the South American re-publics, with the view of re-organizing the episcopates on a system similar to that prevailing in Brazil, which is based on common law and religious liberty; and that the Pope is of the opinion that the Church has everything to gain by claim-ing simply a reign of liberty for all." If the Pope would instruct his minions in Peru to liberate the man in Callao who has been restrained of his liberty, and kept in a dungeon for nearly six months, on allegations brought against him by the Roman Catholic authorities, for no other offense than preaching the gospel in a private house and administering Christian rites according to his conviction of truth, the world might believe him sincere; but the history of the Papacy is such as to justify suspicions that the crafty Leo has an ax to grind. " RELIGION Enforced by State Laws," and " Shall California Have a Sunday Law ? " are the titles of two tracts, copies of which we have received, which are being scattered in California. They should have a wide circulation, as they are just the thing to create a, wholesome sentiment against religious legislation. The first contains four pages, and sells for twenty-five cents per hundred ; the second has eight pages, and sells for fifty cents per hundred. Those desiring a sup-ply should order them of A. L. Ingels, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. THE Christian Statesman predicts that this " Nation will go on developing its Christian usages and institutions, and bringing her laws everywhere into closer conformity with the Christian conception of government, until evenŁin the National Constitution the religious purposes of the Nation shall find expression." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States. Constitution as it is, so far 'as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union, of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, - - - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. Ł 