VETIEll'ARY 1, AL v,n,iciAav igira,v-PrINUL. 35 favor of Sunday cars will be that they will reduce the number of men employed on Sunday and do away with a large amount of horse labor on Sunday. Next summer will see three times as many men working on Sunday as there will be any occasion for, and hundreds of horses will be impressed into seven days' work that ought to be resting on Sunday. Sunday cars will be introduced as much to reduce Sunday labor as because the people want them. This is a virtual abandonment of the only correct principle on which the fight could have been made, namely, on the in-alienable right of people to work and travel on any day, without let or hin-drance. The plea now made is a practical acknowledgment of the paternal theory of government. Toronto may get Sunday cars but its people will not get liberty. The Limits of Civil Authority From the Standpoint of Natural Right. THERE seems to be in this country at the present time an urgent need of a better understanding by the public, upon the subject of the boundaries of the domain of popular government; for there are indi-cations of an ignorance upon this point which cannot fail to be attended with grave wrongs to individuals and evils to the State. The principle that " the ma-jority must rule," is the correct one, but is not of universal application. There is danger that it may be extended altogether too far; for it must be evident to all, that the majority cannot prescribe rules for the minority in everything, no matter how small that minority may be. If it can, there is no such thing as individual rights, for that which is subject to the will of a majority is not a right. A right is something which, in its very nature, is inherent in the one possessing it, inde-pendent of the will of all other persons. Otherwise .it  would be but a mere priv-ilege, such as a superior might grant to an inferior, and take away again at his pleasure; and the saying would be true that "might makes right." But it is one of the fundamental principles of our Gov-ernment, that "all men are created equal." It is not the prerogative of any one to be lord over any other, to prescribe rules by which he must live. They are equal in this, that all have an equal right to think and act as suits their inclinations. But this right is limited by the fact that all are equal, which forbids each to do any-thing that would encroach upon the rights of his neighbor. For that which would interfere with the rights of others is not a right. Rights cannot conflict. Rights run in parallel lines, never crossing, never clashing. All individuals have rights. The Dec-laration of Independence declares that " all men are created equal," " and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights;" that among these are " life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness; " and the same great truths are embodied in the fundamental principles of English and American law. (See Cooley's Edition of Blackstone's Commentaries, book 1, and introduction.) " Life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness," are general terms, but it is not left for governments arbitrarily to define the limits to which these rights extend. There is a natural limit already fixed for each and every individual, and that limit, as has been said, is the line which bounds the rights of his neighbor. The rights of one must not be made to conflict with those of another. It may be generally stated by saying that every man has a  right to do whatever he will, provided that in so doing he does not interfere with the like right of any and every other person. These rights are a necessary consequence of the fact that all men are created equal. This fact gives to each one equal author-ity, and leaves no one with any natural authority over and above another. No man gets his rights and liberties from his fellows, but from his Creator, who, as the Declaration of Independence says, en-dowed him with them; and therefore only his Creator can rightfully take them away. Otherwise than this, he can be deprived of Ł them only by forfeiture for misconduct. The purpose of governments, as the Declaration of Independence asserts, is to protect these rights,Šthe rights of the individual. Governments are not insti-tuted merely to run themselves, to become rich and great and powerful at the expense of the individuals composing them, and to perpetuate themselves regardless of the wishes of the governed; but to protect each individual in the enjoyment of his rights. The individual could not well protect himself against all others, so each delegates his right in this respect to cer-tain ones chosen to make laws and pre-serve peace and order, and who are backed up by the power of the people who choose them. This is what constitutes govern-ment in its republican form,Šthe delega-tion of the power and authority of the people, the individuals, to their represen-tatives. And this is done, directly or in-directly, by means of an election, in which each individual has an equal voice. The people do the governing, and those chosen to office are but the servants of the people, to carry out their will, and not in any sense rulers over them. Governments should, therefore, exercise themselves in doing what they are insti-tuted to do; viz., protect the people in the enjoyment of their rights; and outside of this they have no legitimate authority whatever; for governments, in their pop-ular form, are but the expression of the will of the majority. The majority can and must rule in the sphere which gov-ernments are instituted to fill, in prescrib-ing the manner in which the purpose of the governmentŠthe protection and pres-ervation of individual rightsŠshall be carried out, whether that government be municipal, State, or national. Beyond this the majority has no right to go. And let it be remembered that while popular governments represent the will of the majority, they are instituted to protect the rights of the minority,Šthe individual. The moment therefore that the govern-ment undertakes to regulate an individ-ual's conduct in matters which do not concern the rights of others, it begins to do just the opposite of that which it was instituted to do, since it begins to invade, not protect, the rights of the minority. When, therefore, we hear it said that Mr. A. or Mr. B. must stop doing as he does, because in this country the majority must rule, it is proper to stop and inquire whether his conduct pertains to that upon which the majority have the right to speak. If his conduct is an infringement upon the rights of his neighbors, if it is an infringement of the will of the majority in that which concerns the equal rights of all citizens, it must be regulated by their will. But if not, the individual is within the sphere of his own rights and liberties, so far, at least, as his fellow-men are concerned, and no one has the right to  molest him, however foolish or unwise his conduct may appear to others. He is out-side the lines which mark the limitations of majority rule. L. A. SMITH. The Limits of Civil Authority From the Standpoint of Divine Obligation. THERE are other considerations, not touched upon by the writer of the fore-going article, which, however, must have great weight, especially with the Chris-tian. Man's first and highest allegiance in all things is due to his Creator; therefore the domain of conscience is one which human government, whether of one or of many, has no right to invade. No man can sur-render his conscience to the keeping of another, and maintain his loyalty to God; but as a responsible moral being, he must remain loyal to his Creator at whatever cost, even at the sacrifice of life itself. In such cases the word of the Lord is: "Whosoever will save his life shall lose it : and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it." God's word is, " Thou shalt not go with the multitude to do evil." This places every man on his own responsibility, and shows that a question of duty toward God, a question of con-science, is a question with which major-ities and minorities have nothing to do. The first and great commandment in the divine law is supreme love to God. The test of love is obedience: "If ye love me," says the Saviour, " keep my command-ments." And again we are told in the divine word that " by this we know that we love the children of God, when we love God and keep his commandments. For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments." Hence, the com-mandment to love God is in effect a com-mand that we obey him. And this the divine law says alike to every man. " We know," says the apostle, "that what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law; that every mouth may be stopped, and all theŁ world may become guilty before God." But while God demands man's first and best affections, he throws the safeguards of his law around his creatures, and to each moral being he says, " Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." But at an early period in the history of the race, man rebelled against the law of his Cre-ator. The divine injunction of equal love for fellow-creatures no longer afforded the protection necessary, and so God ordained that men should organize for the protec-tion and securing of their own natural rights. This we call civil government. But this in no way supersedes the divine government; it does not in any measure release the individual from obligation to obey the divine law. It simply provides a way whereby men may compel their fellows to yield to them that which is their due. Notwithstanding the ordinance of civil government, God is still the great moral Governor; to him every soul is responsi-ble; to him every free moral agent must give account. To permit any power what-ever to come between the individual and God, would destroy individual responsi-bility toward God. If it were the prov-ince of the State to enforce the law of God, the individual would naturally seek to know not the will of God but the will of the State. The effect would be to put the State in the place of God, just as the 