170 11-<_,NrE9IlskT1b.;11.4.. Von. 8, No. 22. symbol used in the seventh chapter of Daniel to describe the same power is a leopard, " which had upon the back of it four wings of a fowl," signifying great celerity of movement. The fourth and last of the universal empires,Š the Bishop's fourth " act,"Šwas Rome, whose ruler issued a decree just prior to the birth of Christ, "that all the world should be taxed." Luke 2:2. In the second chapter of Daniel, Rome, in its undivided state, is represented by the " legs of iron," and in its divided state, by the "feet part of iron and part of clay." In the seventh chapter the same power is symbolized by "a fourth beast, dread-ful and terrible, and strong exceedingly; . . . and it had ten horns." Verse 7. The ten horns of the seventh verse are, in the twenty-fourth verse, said to repre-sent ten kings (or kingdoms) that were to arise, and which did subsequently occupy the territory once ruled by Rome. We are also told in verse twenty-four that there should arise another horn that should be diverse from the others and should subdue, or overthrow, three of them. This power is thus described in the twenty-fifth verse : " And he shall speak great words against the Most High, and shall wear out the saints of the Most High, and think to change times and laws : and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time." THE PAPACY.ŠITS ORIGIN. The power thus described, Protestants believe to be the Papacy. The wearing out of " the saints of the Most High " re-fers to the wasting persecution carried on by the Papal Church against all dissent-ers, which continued for centuries, and in which, as papists themselves admit, over fifty millions of so-called heretics perished. The time mentioned in the prophecy, "a time and times and the dividing of time," is generally understood to be twelve hundred and sixty years. A time with the Jews was a year. " A time and times and the dividing of time " would be three years and a half. A Jewish year was twelve months of thirty days eachŠhence three and one half years would be just twelve hundred and sixty days. But as kingdoms are represented by symbols, so also is the time of their continuance. The key is given in Numbers 14 : 34, and Ezek. 4 : 6. In the latter text we read : " And thou shalt bear the iniquity of the house of Israel forty days : I have appointed thee each day for a year." The correct-ness of this rule might be demonstrated by prophecies concerning Christ's first ad-vent, and their fulfillment, but space for-bids; we shall, therefore, for the purpose of this examination, take it as granted. As stated in an article in these columns last week, the Papacy was the result of growth. The term " papacy " is from the Latin, papa, meaning father. A father exercises authority over the members of his family, but the Church was to recog-nize no authority in spiritual things but the Lord Jesus Christ. Said the Saviour : " One is your master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren. And call no man your father upon the earth; for one is your Father which is in heaven." But notwithstanding this explicit prohibition, the elders, or bishops (simply two names for the same office), of the church, early began to assume authority which did not belong to them, to claim in the church the same authority that belongs to a father in his family, and even greater  authority than this. The result was finally the fully developed Papacy, with the Bishop of Rome in the papal chair, clothed by royal decree with power to correct here- tics. It was in A. D. 533 that Justinian issued this decree declaring the Bishop of Rome head of the church and " corrector of heretics ; " but it was not until five years later that the last of the three Arian powers that opposed the pretensions of the Pope was destroyed and driven from be-fore Rome. From this date, A. D. 538, for twelve hundred and sixty years, or until 1798, when the Papacy was tempo-rarily abolished by the French, the Pope held sway over the people of God, fulfill-ing to the letter Dan. 7 : 25. It is with the last event, this temporary overthrow of the Papacy, that we have more particularly to do in this connection. In the thirteenth chapter of Revelation John says :Š And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw'a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy. And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion: and the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority. That this is a description of papal Rome is clear from verses five to seven : " And there was given unto him a mouth speak-ing great things and blasphemies; and power was given unto him to continue forty and two months. And he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God, to blaspheme his name, and his tabernacle, and them that dwell in heaven. And it was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to overcome them : and power was given him over all kindreds, and tongues, and nations." The time mentioned hereŠforty-two monthsŠis three and one-half years, the same as the " time and times and the di-viding of time," of Daniel 7 : 25. Here are brought to view also the same charac-teristics described in Daniel, namely, blas-phemy and persecution. But this power was not to enjoy uninterrupted prosperity. In verse ten we read : " He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity : he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword." This was fulfilled in 1798 when the Papacy was abolished by the French under General Berthier, and the Pope was carried a prisoner to France, where he died. But immediately follow-ing this, the prophet was shown another power; he says: "And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth: and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon." What government not al-ready a part of the papal beast, was at-tracting attention at that particular time ? What nation was then coming up, growing up as a plantŠwhich is the literal meaning of the expression ? There can be but one answer : THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. We find that in 1798 Europe, Asia and Africa were occupied by peoples, and mul-titudes, and organized nations, and that they had been so occupied from time im-memorial, therefore as -the symbols which are directly connected with the beast rep-resenting the Roman power embraced the principal parts of all these countries, and as all the rest of the known parts of the Eastern Hemisphere were occupied by es-tablished nations, we must of necessity look for the other beast in the Western Hemisphere. But not only was the East- ern. Hemisphere occupied by the power symbolized by the beast having the ten horns, but France, Spain, Portugal, and Great Britain, parts of what was once the Roman Empire, held by far the greater part of the Western Continent, so that at this time the United States was the only independent government occupying terri-tory not previously occupied by other and older governments, therefore we are shut up to the conclusion that the United States is the power indicated in Revelation 13: 11-17. But of course such a conclusion will not be readily accepted unless we can point to events showing that the work in-dicated in the prophecy, namely the mak-ing of the image to the Papacy, is being done in this country. This makes it nec-essary that we understand the character-istics of the Papacy, for an image to that power must resemble it. The Papacy is, as all Protestants agree, referred to in 2 Thess. 2:1 and onward. Dowling refers this scripture to the Papacy, and says :Š There is a remarkable passage in Tertullian's Apology, that may serve to justify the sense which Protestants put upon these verses: and since it was written long before the accomplishment of the pre-dictions it deserves the more attention. "Chris-tians," says he, " are under a particular necessity of praying for the emperors, and for the continued state of the empire; because we know that dread-ful power which hangs over the world, and the con-clusion of the age, which threatens the most hor-rible evils, is restrained by the continuance of the time appointed for the Roman Empire. This is what we would not experience; and while we pray that it may be deferred, we hereby show our good-will to the perpetuity of the Roman State."ŠHis-tory of Romanism, chap. 1, sec. 5 . It is manifest from this extract that the Christians even one hundred and twenty years before the pagan government of Rome came to its end, looked forward to that period as pregnant with calamity to the cause of Christ. " For while," says Dowling, "the long and harassing perse- cutions'  which were carried on by the pagan Roman emperors, continued, and all secular advantages were on the side of paganism, there was little encouragement for any one to embrace Christianity, who did not discern somewhat of its truth and excellence." Continuing, the same histo-rian says :Š Many of the errors, indeed, of several centuries, the fruit of vain philosophy, paved the way for the events which followed; but the hindrance was not effectually removed, until Constantine the emperor, on professing himself a Christian, under-took to convert the kingdom of Christ into a kingdom of this world, by exalting the teachers of Christianity to the same state of affluence, and grandeur, and influence in the empire, as had been enjoyed by pagan priests and secular officers in the State. The professed ministers of Jesus hav-ing now a wide field opened to them for gratifying their lust of power, wealth, and dignity, the con-nection between the Christian faith and the cross was at an end. What followed was the kingdom of the clergy, supplanting the kingdom of Jesus Christ. Every feature in the inspired description corre-sponds to that of a religious power, in the assump tion of divine authority, divine honors, and divine worship; a power which should arrogate the pre-rogatives of the Most High, having its seat in the temple or house of God, and which should be car-ried on by Satan's influence, with all deceit, hypoc-risy, and tyranny; and with this corresponds the figurative representation given of the same power, in the thirteenth chapter of Revelation. ŠId., sec. 6. In all these transactions, the substitution of human for divine authority, contentions about words instead of the faith once delivered to the saints, pomp and splender of worship for the prim-itive simplicity, and worldly power and dignity in-stead of self-denial, labors of love and bearing the cross. This baneful change operated in darkening the human mind as to the real nature of true Christianity, until, in process of time, it was lost sight of.ŠId., sec. 6. As appears from this testimony, the dis 