176,  A.Mt111,140AN  Vol.. 9, No. NEW YORK, MAY 31, 1894. tV.'" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. Two more arrests for Sunday labor have been made in Maryland. As usual the subjects are Adventists. One is a preacher, who, after having raised up a small church of that faith, at Shady Side, Md., was preparing to move to a neigh-boring locality for another series of meet-ings. We are not informed as to the exact status of the cases at this time. ¥  MAY 16, Charles Wood, a barber of Jamestown, this State, was arrested, charged with violation of the Sunday law. The arrest was made upon complaint of the Barbers' Union. Wood agrees to close his shop pending the trial, which has been set for June 28. Sunday closing, it is claimed, does not reduce the receipts of the barbers as they do more business on Saturday. Witillien the North American Review of " Anarchy and the Napoleonic Revi-val," Karl Blind remarks, "taking into account the widespread alarm created by a series of anarchistic outrages, the na-tional characteristics make for a vague de-sire to see a commanding personalityÑa ' saviour of society 'Ñat the head of af-fairs." And this " vague desire," not alone in France but in other countries is being turned to account by Rome to establish the pope as arbiter of nations. READ on page 173 the brief of Attorney W. L. Carter, of counsel for the defense in the Capps case before the Tennessee Supreme Court. At this writing a deci-sion has not yet been handed down, but Mr. Carter is confident that the Parker case will be reversed. He has certainly made a strong plea. This case has en-listed not only Mr. Carter's ability as a lawyer, but his sympathy as a man. He argues not for fees but from conviction of the justice of his cause. THIS sample of Sunday arrests in the city of New York was recorded in the New York World of Monday May 21. "I want to pick out a nice bonnet for my wife," said Policeman Tucker, of the Madison Street station, as he stepped into the millinery store at No. 35% Di-vision Street yesterday. He was shown some bonnets, and then he told pretty eighteen year old Henrietta Eisner, who waited on him, that she was his prisoner an a charge of violating the Sunday law. Justice Ho-gan declined to accept the policeman's complaint in the Essex Market Court. Miss Eisener was discharged, and she flashed a look of contempt at the policeman as she left the court. " I wonder why he didn't arrest a saloon-keeper," she said, " there are lots of them doing business all around the neighborhood." It will be noticed that the name of this  dangerous criminal, who was destroying the peace and good order of the commun- ity by a willingness to sell what the repre-sentative of civil authority was desirous of buying, is evidently that of a German Jew. Who ever heard of a Sullivan or an O'Flaherty being arrested for Sunday selling ? THE Catholic Review has this to say about the influence of the papacy :Ñ The wonderful manner in which the political eclipse of the papacy by the deprivation of its civil sover-eignty has tended to the enhancement of its spiritual authority, continues to excite among its enemies a surprise which Catholics. accustomed as they are to the manifestations of a special Providence in its be-half, cannot feel. , . . It may safely be said that the personal influence of the pope as the universal father of Christendom, was never so great as at the present day, when the faithful flock to his throne in ever increasing numbers, as a protest against the in¥ dignities to which he has been subjected. . . . The moral power of the pope, far from being annihilated, is a thousand times greater than thãat of all crowned heads taken together, because he has still the power of winning and enthralling the masses, whom kings and emperors now leave, it not hostile, cold and indifferent. Much that the Review says is true, but not strange. The Word of God has fore-told (Rev. 13 : 8) that " all shall worship him [the papal beast], whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world." But of this same power, under another figure, it is written (Rev. 18 : 5, 8) : " Her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities." " There-fore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be utterly burned with fire: for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her." As an example of the representative religion of legislative bodies, the following is worthy of note:Ñ WASHINGTON, MAY 2.ÑThe bill for the suppression of lottery traffic through national and interstate com-merce and the postal service was, on motion of Mr. Hoar (Rep., Mass.), taken up in the Senate to-day. A protest was made by Mr. Vest (Dem., IVIo.) against the extension of anti-gambling laws to religious fairs, where articles are raffled off for charitable purposes. To a question by Mr. Gray (Dem., Del.) whether church members should be exempted from the opera-tion of the law, Mr. Vest replied that if any senator thought that church and charity fairs should be placed on the same footing as the Louisiana or the Havana lottery, he was welcome to his opinion, but he thought the question hardly worthy the senator from Delaware. Mr. Gorman (Dem., Md.) coincided with the views expressed.by  Mr. Vest, and suggested that the bill should be laid over until there was more time to con-sider it. Mr. Hoar said that no officer, he supposed, would interfere with church or charity fairs. Whether offi-cers should do so or not was a question which might be discussed. But no provision of law could be made that would prohibit the offense of gambling and at the same time contain a provision that church members and amiable people might gamble a little for pious purposes. It was not practicable and would be mis-chievous legislation. Mr. Gorman said that there was not a charitable in-stitution in Maryland, created up to twenty years ago, that had not been the creation of lottery systems by law, and that two-thirds of the revenues of the hos-pitals in Washington and the institution of the Little Sisters of the Poor came from those innocent frauds.  There was no demand or necessity, he said, for such legislation. Mr. Hoar spoke of Mr. Gorman's argument as cal-culated " to poison the youth of the District. If the pending bill was impolitic, all the lottery legislation was impolitic." The bill went over without action. It is interesting indeed to see the con-flicting and inadequate ideas of religion held by the representative men of the great National Reform religious council at Washington. Such a discussion as this, and that which took place in the House, on April 30, in reference to chaplains of the army, is worthy of a legislative body which voted to buy the Sunday closing of the World's Fair with the people's money. A REGULAR correspondent of the Euro-pean edition of the New York Herald, writing from Rome, says :Ñ I am in a position to give more and positive infor-mation about the new encyclical which Pope Leo is. about to publish, and which was first announced in the Herald. It will be, I am assured, the most impor-tant document of the Pontificate of Leo XIII. The exceptional importance of this new encyclical lies in the fact that, reviewing the whole¥ policy of the Vatican since his holiness ascended the 'pontifical throne, it will form the political testament Of the present pontiff. In it his holiness will explain all the reasons for his acts, will frankly confess all the hopes which he had and has for the triumph of his princi-ples and policy all over the world, will point out the attitudes taken by the holy see in various questions, and the relations established with the different powers. The greatest interest will lie in the portions relating to the Kulturkampf in Germany, the Irish question, the agreement with France, and the action of the Ro-man Church in the United States, especially in the years which comprise Mgr. Satolli's mission. A full expla-nation of the pope's views on the school question in America will be given. Pope Leo will take this op-portunity to again show his interest in the United States and the importance he attaches to the progress of Catholicity there. Nobody doubts the pope's interest in the United States; an encyclical is not neces-sary to prove it. But why is Leo so in-tensely interested in this country ? Simply because he sees here abundant promise of the greatest triumph of " Catholicity." The pope's interest in this Republic is much the same as the wolf's interest in the lamb. " THE intolerant majority of the London School Board," remarks the London cor-respondent of the New York Sun, "is be-ginning to find religious inquisition diffi-cult and embarrassing. Over 3,000 of the 7,800 teachers in London have thus far given notice of their refusal to teach the new creed prescribed in the recent circular. This reduces the situation to a farce, and the next step of the inquisitors is awaited with curiosity." AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or In fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year,- - 90c 25 to 99  "  - " " 64  100 to 249 "  " "  - - 75e  250 to 499 "  " "  "  "  - - - 70e  500 to 999 "  ¥ - 65c "  1000 or more  "  - 60c - - - To foreign countries in Postal Union,  5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 