76 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the potsherds," but let ministers give themselves "con-tinually to the prayers and to the ministry of the word." "Let Jack stick to his last." The War of Principle.ŠNo. 15. "PAUL soon had a taste of his own medicine," said Cecil. It says, 'He spake boldly in the name of the Lord Jesus, and disputed with the Grecians, and they went about to slay him.'" "How strange it is that men of all nations are so sensitive in regard to a difference in religious opinion," said Aleck. "It seems that the Grecians were as bitter persecutors as the Jews." Ł "Yes, that's about the sum of the whole matter. I wonder if there really is any toleration in any body's heart for a, man who honestly differs with him? Aleck, to be right up and down honest, don't you think people are tolerant simply because they are powerless to be in-tolerant? Is it not the testimony of all history that every sect that has become of influence, and has had civil power to back it up, has been a persecuting sect?" "As far as I know, Cecil, I believe that is so. But a persecuting sect is an apostatized sect, and is two-fold more the child of hell than a man who makes no profes-sion. Christ is the only example for his followers. He had power on his side; but never once used it to enforce his doctrine. You remember when John suggested call-ing down fire on the Samaritans because they did not receive him, he said, 'Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of.' Christ provided that his church should have no civil power to back it up; but should depend solely on the power of God,manifested through his word, his spirit and his providences. Wherever a church or an individ-ual has acted contrary to this divine dependence, he has fallen away, gone back to the beggarly elements of the world, and is in a position to be used more successfully by the arch fiend than ever before. Wherever you find a church or an individual seeking earthly power for the en-forcement of religious observances or doctrines, you may know that Christ is not in it. It is the out-working of apostasy, the development of the papacy, the beginning of persecution." "There is a vast difference surely, then, between the.  profession and the possession of Christianity." "Indeed there is; but where God is, love is." "But, Aleck, to outward appearances, the church is left in a rather forlorn position. By what manifestation of power were men won over? Was there nothing to in-spire evil-doers with awe except the threatening of judg-ment to come?" "Indeed there was. Signs and miracles were to fol-low those who believed. What could have been more awe-inspiring than the death of the two dissemblers, Ananias and Sapphira, who came with a lie on their lips, declaring they had sold their property for less than they received for it? What could have been a greater testi-mony to the manifestation of power than the healing of the palsied Xneas, and the raising from the dead of Dorcas?" "Surely these things are wonderful evidences of super-natural power; but, I suppose, men were as skeptical then as they are now." "0 yes, and yet they will beWithout excuse; for many,  were convinced by these evidences, and may know to-day their divine authenticity." "It seems that Peter was of the intolerant order, even after he had received the Holy Spirit," said Cecil,turning over the leaves of his Bible. "True; but God who had begun a good work in his heart, did not leave him to go on in intolerance because of his blindness to the divine plan. The Jews of all peo-ple had seemingly more cause for intolerance than other people, because they had been educated to look upon themselves as the peculiar chosen people. They did not see that their election was in Christ, and that he is a Jew who is one inwardly, and whose circumcision is in the heart. But Cecil, you have the story of Peter's change of mind. How did God teach him his mistake, and lead him to see that divine love embraced all men?" "Peter was on the roof praying about dinner time, and was very hungry. Then he fell into a trance, and saw a visionŠa white sheet let down by the four corners in which was all manner of unclean beasts and creeping things. He was commanded to `kill and eat;' but true to his Jewish prejudices, he refused, saying, 'Not so Lord, for I have never eaten anything common or un-clean!' Then Peter heard a divine rebuke, `What God hath cleansed, that call not thou common!" " Well, what application would you make of this, Cecil? I have heard it literally applied to prove that it was right to eat all manner of abominations." "The sequel shows the application; for while Peter was having this vision, a gentile, Cornelius, a man wbo was truly God fearing and man-loving, had been in-structed by an angel to send for Peter, and find out still further what God required of him. If Peter had not been thus prepared, he doubtless would have dismissed the messengers as dogs and unclean beasts. As it was he went with them, without argument, and recognized Cornelius as a man, even as he was." "You can see in this narrative the same principles we have been discussing right along. Naturally Peter 