The price of the "Sentinel" is $1 per year, but the publishers have decided to extend to every subscriber now on the list an agency for the paper, and receive new subscriptions from them at the reg-ular agent's rate; namely, '75 cents per year. In addition to this, we will date the expiration of the subscriptions January.  1, 1900, thus giving the remaining two months of this year FREE. Nr—.7 1y. 1robvv 4 3. 4 692' AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 3, 1898. DON'T pass over the report of the Civic-Philanthropic Conference given in this issue; page 685. IT has cost the Government the lives, of 2,906 citizens to conquer Spain in Cuba, Porto Rico, and the Philippines. Of this number 2,600 died from disease in the camps. THE political campaign is on again in full tide, and as usual, it is being fought over the issue of "honest gov-.ernment." The party that has been out of power cries that the dishon-sty and corruption shown by the party in power must be stopped; that this is what their platform declares for, and the people have only to elect the nominees of this honesty-in-govern-ment party, to bring to an end the waste of public money and stop the tide of political corruption which has disgraced the state, etc. And the people are ex-pected, seemingly, to renew their confidence year after year in these party prom-ises, undismayed by past failures in their performance. There is something about all this that is not very flattering to the intelligence of the common people. PRESS dispatches state that Kitch-ener, the English hero-general, imme-diately upon his return to England from the Soudan, was besieged by agents of two English publishing firms, asking him to write a book, and by an American agent who wanted him to make a lecturing tour in the United States. The charac-teristic craze of the age is to turn everything, no matter what, into a scheme for money-making, at the first possible opportunity. We may expect soon to see expeditions fitted out and sent to Africa or some other  uncivilized land to fight with what-ever people they may run across, for the sole purpose of turning up a profitable publication or making the opportunity for a successful lectur-ing tour, when the heroes of the en-terprise get back to civilization. AFTER having "protected" and "pacified" Egypt for a number of years, England will now annex Egypt and every piece of territory that can be construed into an Egyp-tian dependency. No one, of course, expected the outcome to be anything else. IT has been finally decided by the French authorities that Dreyfus, the SPECIAL OFFER. alleged traitor, who has long been in solitary confinement on "Devil's Is-land," is to have a new trial. But the secret documents, it is said, which constituted the essential evidence in the case, have been recently de-stroyed, by persons interested in pre-serving the "honor" of the army. Seemingly the whole power of the government has been exerted to blockade justice in this case, but without avail. THE immediate effect of Emperor William's visit to the Orient, appears to be an understanding between Rus-sia, France, and Austria, to prevent any concessions to Germany from the Sultan. The Russian church au- jealous eye upon whatever portends the extension of German Protestant rule in that field. Probably there_is no place where the different "Chris-tian" bodies more cordially hate and oppose each other than at Jerusa-lem. There is of course no such thing as Christian hate, save hatred against sin. THE governor of Illinois has threat-ened to oppose with Gatling guns any attempt of the mine owners at Virden to import into the State negro laborers to operate their mines in the place of the men who are on strike. There is no law which justi-fies the governor in this action, but there is a very strong sentiment at Virden against the impor-Ot  tation of cheap labor to take the place of that which would naturally be supplied by residents of the, town. On the other hand, it is a general truth, and as true in the town of Virden as any-where else, that the owners of property have a right to employ such labor upon it as they see fit. The gov-ernor, acting in the name of the State, seeks to enforce a popular sentiment rather than the law and the rights of the people. This is the most serious feature of the situation; for when individual rights are set aside in the name of the very power that is instituted to preserve those rights, the result can only be to ag-gravate the evil that is sought to be cured. It is easy to sympathize with the sentiment of the people of Virden; but mere sentiment, however strong,,  must never be allowed precedence over natural and inalienable rights. It is to preserve rights, not to en-force sentiment based on personal antipathies, that governments are instituted among men. To set aside this principle is to repudiate the Dec-laration of Independence. :(1.4".e. A.PW.0,4%. Ł Al /I (x. ;IY.447,11. thorities in Jerusalem look with a RIGHTS are above statutes. 