1.96 THE A_MEIRICAN SENTINEL,. not only to withdraw from the public schools, but to insist that a share of the school tax shall be allotted to their parish schools ? A version of the Bible held to by certain sects and repudiated by other sects is to that extent sectarian. How is it possible, then, to keep the schools free from sectarianism, and yet introduce a sectarian version of the Bible in the schools ? Furthermore, is Protestantism so weak that it must depend upon five or ten min-utes of. Bible instruction, by teachers of the public schools, many of whom are un-qualified for the work of instruction, in order to religiously educate their children ? Are the home, the Church with its prayer-meetings, its Sunday - school and other agencies wholly inadequate to the work of religiously educating the youth, so that if the King James version of the Old Testa-ment is not read the omission would be " deplorable and suicidal " ? Possibly Protestantism is as weak and powerless as such a condition of affairs would indi-cate. But we very greatly doubt it.ŠChristian at Work. Sunday Laws Again WE are glad to be in harmony with others whenever it is possible, and we find we are in harmony with Brother Mc Creery in several particulars. We agree with him that no Sabbath laws should be passed for the enforcement of the Sabbath as a religious ordinance, and we also fully agree with him that work-ingmen and all others should be pro-tected in the observance of the Sabbath; and we further agree with him fully that the " Sabbath was made for man," to be a blessing spiritually and temporally, and we are sure that if all would observe the Sab-bath day they would be in better health, live longer and be far happier. So far we are agreed. Wherein then is the Sunday-rest Bill wrong ? We answer that the ob-ject of the bill is to enforce the observance of a religious ordinance. Article 2, of the constitution of the American Sabbath Union, contains the following : " The ba-sis of this Union is the divine authority and perpetual obligation of the Sabbath." In the writings and speeches of many of its strong supporters the claim is boldly put forth that God is visiting our Nation in judgments, because of a failure to rec-ognize him in the Constitution, and Christ as the ruler of the Nation, by appropriate legislation. The Johnstown flood, the Louisville cyclone, and the fire by which Secretary Tracy was bereaved, are cited as acts of God, by which his wrath is shown toward the United States because, as a Nation, we refuse to keep Sunday. These are the persons who are clamor-ing for the, passage of the Blair Sunday-rest Bill, and all this talk about the move-ment' being for the purpose of " protect- ing " the workingman is a sugar coating over the real pill which is being prepared for the people to swallow. The terms of the bill show that the ob-ject is not " protection," but compulsion: " Any person laboring on Sunday shall be 'fined not less than $10 or more than $1.000," more than a year's wages for-feited for daring to labor. " Any person receiving pay for laboring on Sunday may have it taken from him by whoever shall first sue for the same." It does seem strange that any one should argue that those terms only mean to " protect " those who wish to be religious and to observe Sunday. Taking it for granted as assumed, that all that is intended is " protection," let us try the same argument in another way. We are agreed that the daytime is for labor and ' that the night is for sleep. Men would be healthier and in many ways benefited by following this rule and many men are now laboring in the night time, to their detriment. We, therefore, feel a great interest in " protecting " them and proceed to pass a law that if, Brother Mc Creery is found at his study or work-bench after 9 o'clock in the evening " he shall be fined not more than $1,000" and if he receives pay for the same, I may re-cover it from him and use his night wages for myself. Would you call that protec-tion ? A majority of the people conclude that men would 'live longer, have better health and be happier if they regularly used soup. It is a God-given right which all have to use soup. It may be that this idea is tra-ditional and has been handed down to us from a soup country, and it may also be true that with these who praise and, laud soup so very highly it is used as a relig-ious rite, but that is neither here nor there. " Soup is good for man," and the working-man must be protected in this, his God-given right to eat soup. The working-men may appear by their representatives and say, " Leave that soup business alone; we will get our rights without your aid." In our extreme anxiety for " protection " we formulate our law and when it is com-pleted, it provides that Brother Mc Creery, with others, must regularly and at stated intervals take his soup, and he must take it at the same time those who use it as a religious rite take theirs, and a failure to do so makes him liable to a fine of not over $1,000, all because soup is good for man, and man must be " protected " in his right to eat soup. Brother Mc Creery may have conscientious scruples about eating his soup on the stated day and may have eaten his the day before. That makes no difference; the law must be en-forced or at least can be enforced, and it may be that the " less enlightened " States may enforce the law to the detriment of his particular stomach, but the more " en-lightened States" might be " tolerant " and not wish to disturb our worthy brother. How is that for "protection" ? yet it is just the same as this Sunday protection. The statement that the States which are the least advanced are the ones where Seventh-day observers are persecuted, and the more enlightened States are tolerant, is the best argument against any such law. The more enlightened States see the ab-surdity of such a law and will not enforce it, while the States that are behind make the lot of one class hard, because they can do so with a bad law. The fault is with the law and not with the people.ŠJ. D. Pegg, in Fort Collins, Colorado, Courier. The History of the Bennett Law. THE history and the provisions of the Illinois and Wisconsin Statutes and the steps officially taken in both States to con-strue and enforce them will show that those who have positive convictions as to the place of the parent in the domain of education had just ground of apprehension if not of complaint; while, on the other hand, those who entertain positive or even advanced views on the relation of the State to education will, on learning what is really opposed, find much in the Illinois Statute and something in the Bennett Law that may be omitted or amended without impairing the just rights of society or the State, and without at all interfering with the development of the elements most to be desired in a system of universal edu-cation. Like individuals and all things within the State, both kinds of schools are ame-nable to the powers of the State to an ex-tent measured by the necessities of the common welfare, but the public schools, being the creation of the State, bear a re-lation to the State control not shared in by the private schools, which are the cre-ation of voluntary individual action. For some years it was observed in the city of Chicago that a considerable num-ber of children of school age were loiter-ing on the streets and in public places, with evident injury to their moral and physical well-being. Other children, in much greater numbers, were put to labor in shops, factories, and stores at an imma-ture age, and it was considered that such practices were injurious, not only to the children, but to society. As to the chil-dren that wandered upon the streets, it was felt that in some cases blame attached to parents ; in other cases that the chil-dren were beyond the control of their parents. These conditions and the agitation aris-ing from them among the people and various organizations, in the press and in the Board of Education, resulted in the appointment of a committee by the Presi-dent of the ,Board of Education to frame acts to be presented to the General As-sembly of the State of Illinois, then in session. Three bills were drawn and 