      ERICAN SENTIN  lill ' liiril i 1!1111;1, \I!Ill 1'6111111" rot. itt .00 1* * 14,..  , i* I 011k OA Alil'Ilql ,4 PIO it iti-, Iti etlii ti !!, il,    "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS. AND RFITTEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, MAY 27, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 21. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. A$ Any one receiving the American Sentinel without baying ordered may know that It is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have mot ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) WHEN God said to Abraham, "Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, into a land which I will show thee," Abraham "went out, not knowing whither he went."' God had not yet showed him the land or country into which he was to go, and which was to be his. So far, the Lord had only promised to show it to him. There were three things, however, which Abraham must do, before he could fairly expect God to show him the country which he had promised, and which was to be his. First, he was to get out of his country; secondly, from his kindred; thirdly, from his father's house. He left his country; but when he did so his father and his kindred went with him to Haran, and dwelt there. There his father died; and now, separated from his father's house, he went on to the land of Canaan. But there accompanied him yet one of his kindredŠLot, his brother's son. While Lot was with him, and he was thus not yet separated from his kindred, though sep-arated from his country and his father's house, the time could not come for God to show him the land, nor the country which he would give him. But there came a day when Lot should be separated from him. Lot chose all the plain of the Jordon, and journeyed east. and "They separated thus, one from the other." And just then it was that God shovfed Abraham the land which he had promised to show him, the country which should be his. "And the Lord said unto Abraham, after that Lot was separated from him, Lift up now thine eyes from the  place where thou art, northward, and southward, and eastward, and westward, for all the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed forever." And the country which the Lord then showed to Abraham, and which he there promised him should be his for an everlasting possessionŠthat country embraced the worldŠfor "The promise that he should be heir of the world was not to Abraham or to his seed through the law, but through the righteousness of faith." Therefore, when at the word of the Lord Abraham lifted up his eyes to see what the Lord would show him, he saw "the world to come," which is to be the everlast-ing possession of Abraham and of his seedŠthe everlast-ing possession of all them which be of faith. "For if ye be. Christ's then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise." And from that day forward Abraham "sojourned in the land of promise as in a strange country; " looking for "a better country, that is, an heavenly; " and look-ing "for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God." For though God promised that He would give to Abraham that land, and to his seed after him, yet as long as he was in this world Godreally "gave him none inheritance in it, no, not so much as to set his foot on." Now note: God had called Abraham out of his orig-inal country, and thus had separated him from that. Then he gave him not even so much as to set his foot on in any other country in this world. Abraham at that time represented the religion of God. The Lord in His dealing thus with Abraham and in re-cording it, has shown for all time and to all people that it is his will that there should be an absolute separation of his religion from any State. Abraham, representing at that time the Church of Christ, being tints totally separated by the Lord from every State and country on the earth, there is thus shown to all people, as an original truth of the gospel of Christ, that there should be total separation of Church and State; and that the church of Christ can never have any country in the world. 