348 AMERICAN SENTINEL. virtual prohibition against the acceptance of any radical proposal for changing the present international relation-ship. The policy of diplomatic machinery will remain unaltered and the game of beggar yourneighbor between European nations will probably not receive any serious check. "The general impression in diplomatic circles is that the practical work of the conference will be limited to a revision of the Geneva Convention and within these nar-row limits most of the delegates will probably be glad to discuss proposals to further eliminate the unnecessary cruelties of war. Nothing whatever is now heard of the talk of a general disarmament which was rife when the czar's rescripf was issued. It is expected that there will be considerable discussion of two or three plans for arbi-tration and mediation. But the fact that such large class question are wholly outside the province of arbi-tration has almost destroyed all hope of the possibility of devising a workable scheme. "It is generally admitted that it is Germany which has demonstrated with brutal frankness in advance of the meeting the futility of the czar's scheme to remodel Human nature by fiat or even international conference. The German publicists of all parties have been pointing out with scarcely courteous emphasis, first that arbitra-tion is impossible on any question involving national honor, and second that the country concerned is the sole judge of whether even a subordinate question is identi-fied with such honor. It is such questions which almost invariably lead to war. Even the Times [London] in a cold-blooded but sound argument to-day indorses this view, saying, 'No form of words and no agreements will prevent men from resisting to the utmost when their honor or their gravest interests are touched. The best devised measures in such circumstances are as little effi-cacious against the perils of war as the armlets worn by the superstitious as guards against disease."' Five Minutes of War. "Five minutes of war in the Philippines" is thus described by a correspondent of a leading daily in this city:Š "The rebels had built a strong breastwork of stone at the other end of the one bridge across the river. A sergeant of the Fourteenth, leaping from cover, rushed toward this breastwork two or three rods ahead of his men, calling upon them to follow him. From the time that this little force, which I accompanied, started until we reached the other end of the bridge it was not more than three or four seconds, but three or four seconds is a long time when you expect every instant that a volley of Mausers will be sent to greet you at a few yards' range, In truth, we were in no danger. The few insurgents who held this position ran without firing a shot. They had no doubt been posted there to delay our advance long enough to enable the rest of the garrison to get out of the town. If they had stayed five minutes longer what was the neatest and the meanest piece of man killing I have ever seen would not have followed. "As we hurried down the street which ran across the outer portion of the town we saw below, in the parallel  streets near the shore, the fleeing garrison. At such a time the private of the American Army needs few if any orders. No one stopped to think of the possibility of shots from houses or from the concealment afforded by a turn in the street. "Beyond the town was a stretch of field three quar-ters of a mile in length along the shore. As we entered it we saw in a single file probably one hundred and fifty men hurrying across a path to the marshes beyond. They began to drop as if automatically in answer to the crack of our Krags. It was then that a light-haired youngster of the Fourteenth lifted up his rifle to say: "'Boys, this is murder! Maybe those fellows aren't soldiers, anyway. Give 'em a chance to surrender.' There was a momentary pause, but none of the figures that seemed to be trotting rather than running along the skyline at a distance of from 200 to 500 yards stopped. Through the glasses it could be seen that all were carrying rifles. The women and children had been sent out of the town and only soldiers remained. "Then, with pitiless accuracy of aim, we poured the bullets into the human targets. Perhaps a fourth of them escaped into the marshes. "The killing had occupied five minutes." Can this be justified by the assertion, true though it be, that the Filipino is a savage and doesn't know how to govern himself? The Dreaai of Peace. UNDER this heading the following appeared editori-ally in the Chicago Times-Herald, of May 13:Š "It must be rather discouraging to the czar if he is a sincere man to observe that the nearer his peace confer-ence approaches the more numerous are the expressions of doubt concerning its practical value. At first there was such a tendency to applaud the high moral senti-ment of his address to the powers that the nations paused for a while to indulge in the pleasures of a beat-ific dream. They toyed with the idea of disarmament and speculated on its possibilities. "The very fact that Russia had taken the initiative in the movement for a conference was said to be signifi-cant of a remarkable change that had come over the world. Perhaps it was, but then again it was not half so significant as the increased expenditures of Russa on her army and navy or as her aggressive policy in China and her tyrannical policy in Finland. Somehow high moral speculations and practical politics do not seem to hitch. "The height of absurdity was reached when a Ger-man delegate to the conference came out with an ecstatic panegyric on the holiness and virtue of war, but sober criticism is constantly insisting on the difficulties of a universal peace scheme. One of the best and at the same time least hopeful discussions of the subject that has yet appeared is that by 'Diplomat icus' in the Fortnightly Review. It is a historical summary, which shows how little of originality there is in the czar's idea, how an-cient the speculation is, how futile have been all previous experiments in making for the prevention of war. The writer notes that 'Frederick the Great beguiled his leis- 