264 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. Vol. 4, No. 33. e ArizePiear2 ger2tNel. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, SEPTEMBER 11,1889. Nomk.ŠNo papers are sent by the, publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. TEE speech of Mr. Gleeson, of the Roman Catholic Church, which we print this week, opens up anew the subject of religion and the public schools. This will be followed with a series of articles on that subject, in the course of which not only our own national system will be discussed, but the Canadian also. Now is a good time to subscribe. •Ł  AT the meeting of the Congregational Club of San Francisco, August 19,- Mr. Crafts made a speech in which he took occasion to put Califor-nia on a level with France in the matter of mor-als and observance of the Sunday. Rev. Dr Barrows, of San Francisco, replied to this, posi-tively denying that the State of California is dete-riorating either civilly or religiously, and rather pointedly observed that "a person who has been on the Pacific Coast but a few days was not pial-ified to speak disparagingly of the moral or spirit-ual condition of the State. " Dr. Barrows is right. Those Eastern Sunday-law crusaders pro-fess great sympathy for poor benighted California, while the fact is California is far ahead of their own States in almost everything. Aside from all this, however, theirs is only a crocodile sympathy anyhow. They want to get California into the line of religious legislation so they can bring it with all the others under the rule of the preach-ers. In Germany the State teaches religion in the public schools. What is the result? Last win-ter at Washington, Dr. Conrad, editor of the Lutheran Observer, said that an American family who had just returned-from a three years' stay in Germany said : " There is no real religion. Re-ligion is turned over to the schoolmaster. The parents say, The schoolmaster teaches religion, I am not responsible for that. ' " This result is inevitable. The State settles what religion shall be taught. The parent can have nothing to say. Then the State has the selecting and appointing of the school-teachers. It is a State office. Teachers profess the religion to get the office. Then having no religion themselves, yet being obliged to teach it, the baldest rationalism is taught. And-  the nation is filled with irreligious religionists. Let the American people think of this now, while the movement is being made to establish religious instruction in their public schools. LAST December, at the Washington City Sun-day-law convention, Mr. Elliott F. Shepard, to make a strong point in favor of Sunday laws, said : "The West Shore Railroad of New York ran Sun-day excursion trains and bankrupted. The Lord blew upon. it. Then others took the road and stepped all that, and the road. is now making money. " Now we find that the New York Cen-tral Railroad Company controls the West Shore road, and we personally know that the New York Central runs Sunday trains both freight ..and passenger both on its own and the West Shore  lines. This shows 'plainly enough that it was not the Sunday thins that caused the bankruptcy ; because Mr. Shepard's own testimony is that- the company which now controls the road is making money, and that company runs Sunday trains. Or does Mr. Shepard mean that the Lord is so discriminating as to " blow upon " a company for carrying passengers on an excursion train on Sunday, and to give prosperity to another com-pany for carrying many of the same passengers on a regular train ? Let the Church Control the Church, AT the ministers' Sunday-law meeting at San Francisco, August 5, the American Sabbath Un-ion spoke a few minutes and then opened the way for questions to be asked, taking particular care first to state that questions should not be asked by visitors, but only by members of the Union. One of the questions was, " Do Roman Catholics take part in local organizations in States?" and the answer was, " We have very de-lightful relations with the Roman Catholics. On the civil side of the question of the Sabbath law the Catholics co-operate, on the religious side they don't; because we have its basis on the fourth commandment, and if we should insist upon their co-operation with us on this basis, it would arouse controversy. We can work with them delight- fully on civil basis, but we don't want to try to bring them too far." Yes, no doubt it is a very delightful thing in-deed thus to secure the co-operation of the Roman Catholics. But there are some questions that are involved in this that are of interest to those who are now enjoying this delightfulness, as well as for others who are not so intimately engaged in the work. Sunday as a day of rest is a papal institution. This, all Roman Catholics know, and it never can be proved to be anything else. It is an institution of the church and the only legislation that ever has been in behalf of it has been to help the church. That is the object of the legislation that is now demanded by those who are working for a national Sunday law. it is legisla-tion demanded upon a papal principle in support of a papal institution. And when these men in their delightful association with the Roman Cath-olics secure the legislation for which they are working, having so far recognized the papal prin-ciple, and secured legislation in behalf of one in-stitution of the church, then what is to hinder the Roman Catholic in securing legislation in behalf of other institutions of the church? and compel-ing their observance ? Protestants having set the example, why should not the Roman Catholics fol-low the example clear through to the end ? With the political influence that the Roman Catholic Church has, such a prospect is not wholly imag-inary. Nor do we say this-as prejudicial to the- Roman Catholics. We say that, if church ordinances and church institutions are to be established and their observance enforced by the civil power, then it is the right of the Roman Catholics to see that the legislation shall be in their favor. Further, it is not only their right, it is their duty, and it is made their duty upon the princi-ple of self-protection. Under such circumstances it could not be asked upon any principle of jus-tiCe that the Roman Catholics, any more than any-body else, -should submit their religious convic-tions to the,  rule of the majority, and therefore it Would be their duty as well as their right to se-cure ocintrQ1 Qf the legislation which has to do with  church institutions. But if the Roman Catholics should do that, the Protestant Sunday-law work-ers would very suddenly discover that their re-lations to the Roman Catholics were not so very-delightful after all. They would say that it was a monstrous tyranny for Protestants to be obliged to submit to the dictates of Roman Catholics in enforcing the observance of church institutions. But that would be no more monstrous a tyranny ,than for Roman Catholics, or any others, to have to submit to the dictates of Protestants in such things. The truth is that there is no right whatever in-volved in the theory of Sunday laws. It is fdlse ,and tyrannical altogether. There is no right whatever in any such legislation by whomsoever it may be demanded. Work on Sunday is no more uncivil than is the same kind of work on any other day, and it never can, upon any prin-ciple of justice or right, be made a crime. Let church institutions and church observances be regulated and controlled by church sanctions only. Whatsoever is more than this is evil. Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, is lecturing in this State in the interest of the above organization, which has for its object a national Sunday law. We hope Mr. Crafts will not fail to read the AMERICAN SENTINEL published at Oakland, Cal., whose articles on this subject breathe more common sense than any publication we know of. The impression is gaining ground that sours of the more intelligent people of this country have failed to properly study the principles of our government. That portion of their education seems to have been sadly neglected.ŠMendocino Beacon, Aug. 10. A SEVENTH-DAY Adventist minister was un-ceremoniously sat upon by a convention held in Minneapolis recently, that discussed the Sunday-law question. The Adventist offered a resolution which he wished passed instead of one which a committee reported. Dr. Crafts, a Presbyterian minister from New York, asked the denomination of the Adventist, and when informed, said that "A Seventh-day Adventist had no place in that convention except as- a spectator or reporter." We had thought the thne was past for runnink things in such a high-handed way, but it seems we were mistaken. No men nor set of men need ever think to enforce a moral or religious princi-ple without submitting it to an intelligent dis-cussion. The advocate of any question that re-fuses to thoroughly discuss it, is open to the charge of corruption, and is unworthy of this "land of the free and the home of the brave."ŠReview, Litchfield, THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs- of ten or snore copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND. CAI. 