ALONZO T. JONES, 1.  CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, Ł - ASSISTANT EDITOR. - EDITORS. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT.Ł FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD." Vol. 11, No. 3. NEW YORK, JANUARY 16, 1896. Price, three cents.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. THE HIGHER "MONROE DOCTRINE." WHEN in the course of human events the lands of this hemisphere had become peopled with those who, fleeing from the hard and op-pressive conditions which beset their existence in the Old World, sought to establish them-selves under the happier conditions afforded by a new country and a new order or things, it at length became necessary, in view of the threatening attitude of certain European powers, and especially of a combination call-ing itself the " holy alliance," to declare as the sentiment and determination of the United States of America, that the monarchies of the Old World must not be permitted to extend their systems further upon these shores; but that the peoples of this New World must be left free to work out their own destinies under the inspiration of their own genius, and the guiding star of the republican principle of government. This was the Monroe doctrine, Ša highly proper one, and a credit to the na-tion which gave it birth. But prior to this pronouncement, upon an-other and even greater occasion, a doctrine had been proclaimed from this country, which, broader in principle and wider in application, interposed a shield between all despotism and the rights of mankind. An assembly of men great alike in statesmanship, patriotism, and political wisdom, speaking with a voice that was heard throughout the world, had said: " We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalien-able rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that to secure these rights governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the con-sent of the governed." And in the spirit of this declaration, the Constitution of the new RepublicŠits funda-mental lawŠdeclared, in the language of its First Amendment: " Congress shall make no  law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Thus did this new-born nation lay the foun-dation of " a new order of things," by pro-claiming its adherence to the great princi-ple of equal civil and religious rights for all men. This is the greater and higher Monroe doc-trine,Šthe foundation upon which rests all the force and propriety of the doctrine which warns off from these shores the monarchies and des-potisms of the Old World. And this higher doctrine is being violated; not by a foreign foe, but by a domestic one,Ša conspiracy within our own borders. The AMERICAN SENTINEL declares to the people to-day that the great American principle of equal civil and religious liberty to all is denied both by words and deeds in this land, and is likely to be overthrown completely in our very midst. Do you ask the proof ? Witness the rapid growth of the sentiment in favor of religious legislation; witness the organizations spring-ing up all over the land, powerful in numbers and influence, which demand legislation en-forcing the observance of a religious institu-tion,Šthe Sunday sabbath; witness the Su-preme Court of the United States declaring, in February, 1892, that " this is a Christian nation," and the Congress of the United States declaring, in the summer of the same year, that " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," is the Christian Sabbath; witness the revival of the dragon spirit of religious persecution against good and honest citizens who observe the seventh day, as en-joined by the fourth commandment; witness these men, everywhere acknowledged as good citizens, dragged before the courts, fined and imprisoned, and worked in chain-gangs, be-cause they will not exalt the Sunday to an equality with the Bible Sabbath; witness the bill now before CongressŁ to secure an amend-ment to the Constitution which will make it " acknowledge " God, and declare his revealed will to be the supreme law of the land. Wit-ness all these efforts being made to plunge our nation into the deadly vortex of religious con-troversy, and witness also the blind indiffer-ence of the people to their danger., Shall the higher Monroe doctrine be main-tained? Shall a halt be called upon this con-spiracy against American liberty? Citizens, Americans, What is your answer? FEDERATION OF CHURCHES. THE ambition of popular Christianity as it exists in the various denominations of the day is not organic union but federation, or more properly speaking, confederacy. In his book, " Practical Christian Sociol- ogy," with which our readers are already fam-iliar, Dr. Crafts says:Š There are Christian remedies for social ills that can best be applied by State and national federation of churches. . . . Some day it is to be hoped the churches will be shamed or aroused to undertake a united campaign against social evils in some more ef-fective way than by the paper bombardment of mere resolutions. . . . An official national federation of Christian churches in a strong and well-supported National Bureau of Reforms might be a most effective method of ethical home missionary work. The bureau so named, that I have established unofficially, will be glad to yield the field to an official one. Let us hope the proposed Federal Council of Presbyterian and Reformed Churches will erelong become a national federation of all churches to save society as well as souls. Such federations of churches for the solution of social reforms were recommended by a conference of Christians, chiefly from Great Britain, representing many denominations, which assembled at Grindel-wald, Switzerland, in the summer of 1894.1  Among the "reforms" to be undertaken by the proposed federation, Dr. Crafts gives a prom-inent place to the " crusade " against " sab-bath-breaking," and in this " reform" he suggests that the forces of Rome be enlisted; he says :Š On such reforms as temperance, sabbath reform, divorce, and purity, Roman Catholic cooperation may in a measure be secured. In many cases it will be wise, at the initiation of a federation of churches, to undertake only the one reform in which the churches are most fully united, which will usually be sabbath reform, leaving the other reforms to be added to the plan when federation has achieved some advance in its first undertaking.2  In the Christian Statesman of Dec. 9, 1893, of which paper he was then editor, Dr. Crafts said: " The most powerful enemy civil liberty has ever had to contend against is the Papacy." And yet knowing this he proposes federation with that enemy for the purpose of effecting so-called " reforms" by political action! Our author should read again the history of the ages and there learn that even the Church cannot be trusted with civil power; and most dangerous to liberty either civil or religious would be such a federation as Dr. Crafts pro- " Practical Christiag $octology," pp. 52-54 . 2  Id., pp. 47, 48, 