I rti ,,l111`MGO:C. ipt4 poem, Ł Equal and exact justice to all nlert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political,ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 4, 1890. NUMBER 35. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 Bost. ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE OF Sunday laws, the Denver News says : " The utmost freedom in matters of this kind should be allowed. The less the stat-utes, of a State undertake to control the conscience of its people in religious observ-ances, the more they will commend them-selves to the enlightened judgment of the world at large." COMMENTING upon the action of the late Presbyterian General Assembly, in re-affirming the declaration of the Assem-bly of 1870, in regard to religious instruc-tion in our public schools, the Independent says : " The Assembly did not define what this instruction should be ; and if it had made the attempt, it would thereby have proved the unwisdom and imprac-ticability of the idea in our publiC-school system, existing under the authority of the State, and supported by general taxa-tion. The radical difficulty on this subject consists in determining what religion shall be taught at the public expense." Ł THE people are getting tired of offi-cious intermeddling with the freedom of thought and belief, from persons who would rule the minds and bodies of others in the name of religion. And while there is so much said by Protestants against Catholic rule, there is one thing very cer-tain, that while all religions are tolerated in this country, the people would not sub-mit to the government of any one of the Protestant denominations sooner than to the Catholics. We are a free people, to think and believe at without dicta- tion from any ecclesiastical source what-ever. Our Government says, " Think and believe for yourselves, but hands off in re-ligious matters."ŠJudge Barlow. Religious Liberty and the Mormon Question. AN interesting question, 'and a very important one too, has been raised in connection with the Sunday-law contro-versy; it is this: How can any one oppose Sunday laws on the ground that they are religious, and at the same time favor laws forbidding polygamy, which the Mormons hold as a part of their religion ? To many the question appears difficult; but the answer is direct and easy, for the two things are totally mine in every essential particular. It is urged, however, that the Sabbath and marriage are both divine institutions, and that therefore the same rule should apply to both. It is true that marriage is a divine institution, but in a widely different sense from the Sabbath. The Sabbath is a divine institution, not only in the sense that it was instituted by the Creator, but in the sense that its existence depends solely upon divine revelation. And this revelation is something with which civil government can have nothing to do. Marriage is a divine institution in quite another sense, namely, it is or-dained of God, not only because it is a matter of revelation, but because the in-herent sense of every man informs him that marriage is one of the objects of life; he is instinctively drawn into the marriage bond. It is a natural relation, not, like the Sabbath, dependent upon rev-elation for its very existence. The Sab-bath has reference solely to God, and to man's relation to him; marriage pertains wholly to the relations which the Creator designed should exist between man and woman. God has separated, not only in revelation but in nature, between the duties which man owes to him, and the duties which every man owes to his fel-lowmen; and a just regard for human  rights demands that this distinction be respected. The reason for the distinction between the duties which men owe to God, and the duties which they owe one to another, is so evident, that it needs only to be pointed out to be apparent to every one. God is the great moral Governor; to him every soul is responsible; to him every free moral agent must give account. To permit any power whatever to come between the in- Ł dividual and God, would destroy this individual responsibility to God. If it were the province of the State to enforce the law of God, the individual would naturally seek to know not the will of God, but the will of the State. And the effect would be to put the State in the place of God, just as the Papacy puts the Pope in the place of God, " so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." But God has no' vicegerent upon earth. The original Sabbath is. a memorial of the creation. It was instituted for that purpose, and its intelligent observance is a recognition of God as the Creator of the heavens and the earth. It does not per-tain to our duties to our fellowmen, but solely to our recognition of God; and a failure to observe it imposes no financial burden upon the State. Likewise, Sun-day, the day now generally kept, is ob-served as a memorial of the resurrec-tion of Christ. Its significance is, there-fore, wholly religious. Thus, look at it either from the standpoint of the seventh or of the first day, the keeping of a weekly rest, has reference to the recognition of God as the proper object of worship. Therefore, to require such observance under any pretext whatever, is to require the observance of a religious institution. Moreover, if the State had the right to require the observance of the Sabbath, or of a Sabbath, it would of necessity, have also a right to say in what that observance should consist; and all would be in duty bound to obey its mandates, under penalty not only of the civil law but of the divine law as well, for to dis- 