MAX 4, 1.893. Attvtinte_A.N NTINEL. 141 erty Association as well as the cause of every man in the country who believes in religious equality, as distinguished from religious toleration. I am afraid that I have kept you too long, but the fact is that the identification of Christianity with religious equality by these people has interested me so much that when I get started to talking about it I am apt to run at considerabl length. You will understand, however, that this is not their battle alone, but the battle of our Hebrew fellow-citizens, as well as of all men who believe that there is a radical inconsistency between the spirit of true religion and the use of the policeman's club or magistrate's warrants,' whether technically correct or ,ether w ise. "Š Chestertown, (Md.) Tran- script, April 27, 1893. 4 - Infallibility. WHOEVER assumes to enforce his reli-gion by law assumes the attribute of infal-libility. A few considerations will make this apparent to all. 1. He assumes that he is right beyond mistake else he would not want his opinions so fixed that he himself could never change. The lan-guage of his feeling is, " I am right and I know and feel it in my inmost soul. Right must prevail and in order to prevail it must be in authority fixed beyond a chance of change, therefore I would have my righteous opinions established as fun-damental law." 2. He assumes that he is acting for God and because he is acting for God he is surely right. " God is right and I am right and mankind must bow to God's au-thority in religion, therefore, my religion which is the religion of God must be in-corporated into the law of the land for the government of all men. My religion which is the religion of God is the only religion that will save men therefore it is pure philanthropy on my part to have my religion enforced by law so that all may be saved even though it be by fire." 3. His zealous convictions are proof that he is right beyond a doubt. " If I am not right why then this fervent zeal and piety ? why this energy of desire to see this pure and holy religion which burns in my soul made triumphant ? Surely by the holy fires of zeal burning within I am right and naught can turn me from my righteous and heaven-born purpose. I will have religion enforced by law, not my neighbors' but mine which I am fully and deeply and surely persuaded is the holy religion of God. Ah, my soul, this must be true else whence these burning longings and this supreme anxiety of soul, this unutterable desire, this vehemence of purpose ? Ah, my soul, thou art right and thou art God's own commissioner and by the fires within, God's will shall be es-tablished and his kingdom prevail among men." This is but a faint expression of the tropical logic that surges and swells in the soul of the religious legislationist. It was this silent assumption of infallibility which produced the religious laws and the consequent slaughter of souls to save them in the Dark Ages. The modern assump-tion of the infallibility of the Papal See has set the seal of righteousnessŠself-righteousness I meanŠto every act in the history of that corrupt murderous power. And now in the face of all the history of the last sixteen centuries professed Prot-estants are assuming this same attribute  in their effort to have their religious opin-ions made supreme in American law, over American consciences. The logic of this modern history will be the same as that of the mediaval. An infallible Protestant Church will be as cruel and intolerant as an infallible Papacy. Let modern Prot-estants no longer deny their ancestry. Let them own their motherŠRomeŠand draw near by this common bond and enter into close communion with her. This bond of union makes them blood relations. They can not fail to recognize their holy (?) mother, and sheŠwhy she has just dis-covered by this birth-mark, branded soul-deep, that they are her daughters and she graciously would receive them into sweet communion, pardoning all their wayward-ness if only they will cooperate with her in trying to dominate the civil power in America. As this unholy alliance strengthens let American freemen lift their voices in no uncertain tones, and while they plead for the "liberty which is in Christ," let them lift their voices in proclaiming the words dictated by the Spirit of God eighteen centuries ago: " If any man worship the beast and his image the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God which is poured out without mixture into the cup .of his indignation." G. D. BALLOIL Grant's Pass, Oregon. Religion by Law. EVERY man should be left free to wor-ship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, but by the way the churches and the preachers are exerting their influence with our law-makers, it seems that they want to force man to wor-ship God according to the dictates of an-other's conscience, not his own. That is what is called religion by law, or forced religion. Religion should be voluntary, not forced. The churches and the preach-ers show a great weakness when they try to get the Government to enact religious laws to force their particular beliefs or tenets or doctrines upon the people. They show their utter inability to make con-verts by their preaching, but want the Government to help force people to be religious; but this can not be done. When they get Sunday laws passed why do they not go a step further and have a law enacted compelling people to attend church, be baptized, celebrate the Lord's supper, read their Bibles, and pray so many times a day, and ask a blessing at the table ?Šall of which is just as reasonable as forcing people by civil law to keep any day holy. Every man has to give account of himself to God. If the churches would stick to the Bible, and not try to get the civil Government to help force people, they would prosper more, and do more good. Men will not be forced in matters of religion, or anything else if they can avoid it. Man can not be made religious by law, and the sooner the churches find out this fact the better. It seems that history is repeating itself, for in the past when the Church attempted and even got the assistance of the State, then religious per-secution began, and the bloodiest part of the world's history was then. It seems that such a time is fast approaching now. May God in his goodness and mercy open the eyes of those who are trying to enforce their views upon others by law. A. F. BELO. Bishop Ireland and the Public Schools. OF all the leading men of Catholic in-fluence in this country, none are better known, or have greater regard shown for their plans or utterances than Bishop Ireland. His plan for the adjustment of the school question as between the pa-rochial and State institutions has met with the favor of the Vatican and the hearty approval or indorsement of a large class of citizens in this country aside from those of his own faith. So placid is the apparent settlement of the intruding question that has rasped against the State heretofore, that people are thrown off their guard and imagine that sentinels are no longer needed to stand upon duty lest an enemy should gain an entrance to this stronghold of the republic. There are some, however, who view this matter with great concern, knowing that there is no policy that is openly pursued towards the State, but what carries with it, or behind it, that which is intended to sub-vert the institutions of a free Government, towards which there has always been a menace by this autocratic power. Of the thousands who read the plans, publicly set forth by this celebrated prel- ate for securing State aid for religious uses, there are very few who can dis-tinguish the principles involved in the solution of this question, because a goodly exterior hides the serpent's tooth that is calculated, if once it strikes, to poison the whole circulation of the State. He says of his plans:Š The objections are of two different kindsŠpractical and speculative. I could discard the speculative ones by simply observing that they are deductions derived from imagination or from de-signs of these persons, and are excluded by the practical conditions with which I have surrounded my settlement with the directors of the school com-mittee. Now it is easy to see how speculative objections may be excluded by practical conditions, that might surround any plan of action. But speculative objections are unworthy of consideration in themes that pertain to vital interests. It is the prac-tical things that are to be sought. As to the practical objection, he says :Š They say first that this settlement is only the beginning of a system which I intend to make, eventually, universal, and prove this alleging my speech at the Congress of public school teachers, the publication of a pamphlet by Dr. Boquillion, and a speech of Monsignor McGolick of Duluth. After having stated that there was a practical objection to his plan and the proof that was urged in defense of that fact he proceeds to say that the practical objection is a "mere supposition." Thus it has ever been that when practical things and objections are advanced against the,  incursions of the Church upon the State, the invariable reply is, it is mere supposition. If the objection is practical, why parley over the matter ? Why not seek and maintain a true posi-tion ?Šone that will bear the scrutiny of men and the test of principle, instead of covering up the issue beneath the rubbish of mere supposition. Again he says :Š Whatever are my hopes for the future, the prac-tical question of the moment is how to provide with a religious education, all those Catholic chil-dren to whom we can not give parochial schools, and it is proved by our statistics that they are sixty per cent. of our youth. Since the prelate so artfully dodged the practical objection to his plan by the handy phrase of mere supposition, it is to be presumed that he would dodge the practical question in the same manner if pressed to the wall. 