THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 205 " The person who keeps the law must not be put out and disadvantaged thereby. . . . The merchant who closes his store might find that his neighbor who keeps open on Sunday was drawing away a trade which belongs to him. Now we must not permit the Sunday-keeping merchant to he the loser because he regards the law, and so Ł must it be with all kinds of labor." Thus it is, no matter which way we turn to view this climax of wickedness, the so-called National Reform, we find it directly antagonistic to every principle inculcated by Him whom they professedly represent, and whom they would nom-inally proclaim king of the Nation. W. N. GLENN. Ł 1. Consistency. IN the Michigan Christian Advocate for June 1, Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, D. D., has an article—  entitled, "Petitions against National Sabbath Rest Law," in which he appears to be very much ex-ercised in mind to think that a " thousand or less" of the seventh-day worshipers were able to se-cure 230,000 individual signatures to a petition against the Blair bills in about two months. That which troubles the doctor more than any-thing else seems to be the foresight of the or igi-nators of this counter-petition, in furnishing it in duplicate to the Senate and House of Representa-tives, and in so wording it as to cover everything in the line of religious legislation for all time to come. And so the good doctor exhausts himself in vituperation and spite against "the little contin-gent of Seventh-day worshipers who form seven-tenths of one per cent. of the population," because of their diligent effort against the Blair bill. The doctor says: "There is a question of con-science involved in this Sunday-Rest law, but it does not relate to the thousand or less of seventh-day people who would not come under its jurisdic-tion." Now we would like to know what this question of conscience is, and why seventh-day people would not come under its jurisdiction. The doctor explains : " In the mail and military service and in interstate commerce, no Seventh-day worship-per can be consistently engaged." That is equivalent to saying that everybody else can be consistently engaged in such service. What is there about such service that makes it inconsistent for a seventh-day worshiper to engage in it ?Šsimply this, it requires seven days' work in the week, and seventh-day worshipers are so con-sistent in their belief in the binding obligation of the Sabbath commandment that they will engage in service or labor of any kind only during six days in the week; while those who do engage in such service, either do not believe in the binding obligation of the Sabbath, commandment, or else they are inconsistent in their profession. The doctor proceeded to explain the question of conscience. He says, "The real question of con-science is, whether the two million of our people who are now required to do on the Sabbath, work for gain which is not in any sense work of neces-sity or mercy, shall be required to continue work-ing against health and conscience, or whether by the proposed National Sunday-Rest law and the influence that would follow it, their rights of con-science and their right to rest shall be protected." The doctor talks as if we were living in a condi-tion of slavery. Just as though these two million men had not voluntarily placed themselves in the situations which they occupy. Every man of them, from the commander-in-chief of the army down to the third-class postmaster, used every influence at his command to secure the position  which he holds, and that, too, with a full under-standing of what the duties of the situation re-quired of him. If they had any conscientious scruples in regard to the observance of Sunday, why did they voluntarily place themselves in a situation where they could not keep it? The facts are, these men have no conscience in the matter. But Dr. Crafts says, "there is a question of conscience involved in this Sunday-Rest law," and we would particularly like to know who has this conscience. The men who require service to be performed on Sunday evidently have no con-science in the matter, and those who perform the service have none, so Dr. Crafts proposes to have Congress make a law which will give them all consciences for Sunday; and not only this, but the proposed law is to give physical health as well as consciences to those who are required to disregard a Sabbath commandment for which they now have no regard. The writer is at a loss for a term by which to designate such a performance. It does not come entirely under the head of theol-ogy,. medicine, or political economy. But inas-much as it has to do with each, he would suggest as a fitting title for the proposed law, The Politi-cal- Theological- Psychological- Physiological- Sun- day-Rest Law. EUGENE LELAND. Willis, Michigan. Nehemiah, the Tirshatha. TUE National Reform people cite the action of Nehemiah, in disallowing traffic 'on the Sabbath at Jerusalem, as a reason why labor and business should not be allowed on Sunday in this Nation. They say :Š " The merchants of Tyre insisted upon selling goods near the temple on the Sabbath, and Nehemiah com-pelled the officers of the law to do their duty and stop it. So we can compel the officers of the law to do their duty."ŠElgin Convention, 1887. Nehemiah lived and acted during the theoc-racy of ancient Israel, the only true theocracy the world ever had or ever will have. Our Reformers propose a state of things similar in its practical workings. Notice :Š "Every Government, by equitable laws, is a Govern-ment of God. A republic thus governed is of Him, through the people, and is as really a theocracy as the Commonwealth of Israel."ŠCincinnati National Re-form Convention, 1872. Here we have it ; they want a theocracyŠa union of Church and State, although to a man they stoutly deny it, but they "let themselves out" now and then and stand self-convicted., Now in working for a theocracy, and one as truly such as was " the Commonwealth of Israel," and taking up the work of Nehemiah under the ancient theocracy, we can draw our conclusions as to what they expect to do when they get things " fixed " in this Nation. Nehemiah not only com- pelled the keeping of the Sabbath, but instituted other reforms. In the thirteenth chapter of the book of Nehe-miah we are informed as to his work. It is re-corded in verse 10 that he found that "the por-tions" or allowances of the Levites and singers had not been given them, so they had left their work and gone "every one to his field." Then he " contended " with the rulers and said, "Why is the house of God forsaken !" Then he has them all return and take their places, verse 11, and he arranges to have the tithe of corn, wine, and oil brought into the " treasuries " and appoints "faith-ful " officers to see that it is properly distributed ; verses 12, 13. Nehemiah does this "for the house of God." Now do the Reformers propose to tax the peo- ple to support the church under their theocracy ? Mind you they hold up the work of Nehemiah in Sabbath reform under the theocracy of Israel, and they tell us there will be one as " really " as was the ancient one of Israel. It will be just like it in practical working. I repeat, do they pro-pose to tax the people to support the church should they get the power T It looks very much like it, and to make certain of it I need only to cite the reader to the Christian Statesman, Na-tional Reform organ, of February 21, 1884, in which Rev. J. M. Foster, one of the leading dis- trict secretaries, says, " the Nation's duty " is to provide the church " funds out of the public treas-ury for carrying on her aggressive work at home and in the foreign field." These people do not want Church and State. Oh, no, not they, but they want to help themselves out of Uncle Sam's treasury to carry on their schemes, and are not willing to have church property taxed either 1 They want everybody taxed to support the church, but don't want the church compelled to pay its share of the public revenues. They are all take and no give ! Nehemiah continues his reforms, and the na-tional schemers propose to follow on and do like-wise. He found that improper marriages had been contracted. The Jews had been marrying foreigners. He shows them the wrong of this and " contended with them, and cursed them [pro-nounced judgment], and smote certain of them and plucked off their hair," etc. Neb. 13 : 25. Do our national theocrats intend to say who shall and who shall not marry ? Do they mean to allow no marrying with outsidersŠno marriages with any but church members ? Or do they ex-pect to compel everybody to join the church, that there be no restricted marriages ? Do they mean to imitate the zeal of Nehemiah and smite and pull out the hair of those who do not choose the right kind of life partners ? If so they will be vigorous reformers indeed 1 Do they expect to make it lively for preacher's sons who marry Ammonites and Moabites1 How far away do they expect to " chase " such unlucky bride-grooms as marry " strange wives" ? Neh. 13 : 28. This subject should by no means be treated lightly, but with gravity and sincerity. Nehe-miah was working under a divine theocracy and therefore under divine instructions. The "good hand of God was upon him" and his work was right and God approved of it. He was the Tir-shatha (governor) appointed of God. The would-be Reformers are self-appointed. They can show no credentials as could Nehemiah that the hand of God is upon them for any such pur-pose ; his frown will rather rest upon them. They are self-constituted rulersŠtirshathasŠof their own appointing, and they will signally fail in building up the house of God and in glorifying his name. They should remember that Nehemiah lived under the only true theocracy that ever ex-isted, and acted as civil and religious ruler. Un-der the Christian dispensation Church and State are wholy separate. They should beware of build-ing again those things that were destroyed. They should also remember particularly that the Sab-bath of Nehemiah was the Sabbath of the seventh dayŠwhich they so despiseŠand not the first day of the week. If they propose to follow him in Sabbath reform why don't they do it ? N. J. BOWERS. " GOD is a Spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." 