204 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Sabbath can never make it so if God has not made it the Sabbath; yet it is less than a, month since the Sabbath Re-corder contained an editorial plea for the Sunday-closing of the World's Fair, be-cause, as it said, "the attack upon Sunday is really an attack upon American Sab-bath-keeping, represented by Sunday, and involves not the question of a day, but the Sabbath idea and principle." Now if "the Sabbath idea and principle " are in Sunday, and if observing it is " Sabbath-keeping," why not adopt the suggestion of the Post and call it the Sabbath ? And if " the Sabbath idea and principle " are in Sunday, how does it still remain true that it " is the child of pagano-papal de-vice. " But be this answered as it may, one fact does remain, namely, that putting this quotation from the Recorder along-side of former utterances of the same paper, the conclusion, though unwelcome is unavoidable, that that paper's opposition to Sunday legislation is not from love of religious liberty in its broad sense, but from zeal for another day, which, were such a thing possible, it would like to see honored by civil Government even as Sun-day is now exalted. If in this we err, we would be glad to be corrected. c. P. B. How to Convert a Nation. IT is amazing, to say the least, to hear the National Reformers talk about this being a Christian Nation, sending a me-morial to the President calling his atten-tion to the fact that this is pre-eminently a Christian Nation; and then see them turn around and tell that they have in-augurated a move to make this Nation what it ought to beŠa Christian Nation. If it be a Christian Nation it doesn't need to be made such; but if it needs to be made a Christian Nation, then it is not one now, and why do National Reformers say it is ? Here is a conundrum. The National Reform idea is this, that this is really a Christian Nation; but that because the word God is not in the Con-stitution, and Christ is not recognized as the official head of this Government, and the people have not voted themselves pious, this is not a Christian Nation. That is to say, that if a "man were in Heaven he would not really be there unless he called it Heaven ! Must an honest man sound a trumpet, or be dis-honest ? Must the philanthropist blow a bugle telling of his alms-deeds, or be a misanthrope ? " By their fruits," said the great Teacher, " ye shall know them." A word, a vote, is an empty shell: Deeds are living realities, and they are what deter-mine character. If this is a Christian Nation it is because it is Christ-like and has complied with the requirements and regulations which make a Christian, and not because somebody or some political party or some official document calls it such. But if this-  be a Christian Nation then  we would ask, when was it converted ? When did it repent and believe on the Lord Jesus Christ ? And when was it baptized ? These are some of the Chris-tian requirements. It is all fol-de-rol to talk about this being a Christian Nation. Not one in three holds any connection with a church in this country, and nearly half of these are Catholics. Out. of the 64,000,000 population of the United States there are only 21,000,000 church-going people. Several millions of these are not too pious to drink and swear, and yet this is a Christian (?) Nation; $900,000,000 is spent annually for liquor, and less than $6,000,000 for Christian missions, and yet this is a Christian Nation ! A nation is Christian only in the propor-tion that its citizens are Christians. And the unchristianized portion are not going to be christianized by a set of religious managers getting up a furore throughout the country and voting them Christians. The only way to convert a nation is to convert the citizens of that nation individ-ually. The good Book tells us that " with the heart man believeth," not with the government. If these self-styled re-formers were really as anxious to convert and save men and women as they pretend to be, they would endeavor to educate the heart, and teach morals. by moral suasion and let politics alone. What does it mat-ter whether the Constitution has the word God in it or not ? Must the Christian wait until it has before he can worship God ? Is that political document his best or only means of worshiping the Almighty? The National Reformer denounces the Constitution upon this ground; would he likewise reject a five hundred dollar bank draft because perchance it might not have upon its face the name of the Creator? This calls to mind an expression we once heard a sedate looking Methodist minister make in a meeting of a Minis-terial Association, in one of our large West-ern cities. After that body had listened to a lecture on the subject of National Reform by one of its ardent advocates, he said, "Gentlemen, I want you to un-derstand that when you get the word God in the Constitution you have not necessa-rily got God there." These words we thought were indeed most fitting and ap-propriate. They embody a truism too cogent to need comment, but one which National Reformers seem loth to compre-hend. The articles of confederation by which human slavery was to be forever perpet-uated in this fair land had the word God in them, but God was not with that cause. The Constitution of No Man's Land also recognizes God as " the Supreme' Ruler of the universe, the Creator, Preserver, and Governor of individuals, communities, States and nations," but a better refuge for banditti and others of the ungodly is perhaps not to be found in North Amer-ica. What has a name to do with facts ? If National Reformers wish this Natio to be a Christian nation in deed and in ti uth, let them go to work and Christian-ize its citizens, not by voting them Chris-tians, or enacting laws to make them act like Christians, but by converting their hearts to the Christian faith. The great commission of Christ to his embassadors is, " Go ye therefore, and teach all na-tions ; " not vote or call them Christians whether they are or not. If the United States Government is al-ready Christian then the work of National Reformers is done, for that is what they professedly started out to make it. But if it is not, then, if they desire to accom-plish their avowed design, there is other work for them to do than to be tinkering around legislative halls. To your pulpits, 0 ye preachers ! W. A. COLCORD. Should the State Contribute to the Sup-port of the Church ? WE must view the mission and obliga-tion of the Church, if we view it correctly, from the standpoint of Christ. We have largely shifted ground, and are squinting at it from the standpoint of the State. The State has certain ends. It can utilize the Church to accomplish those ends. Then we jump at the conclusion the State ought to pay the Church by at least ex-empting it from taxation. We reach this conclusion from a false position. Whence came the Christian religion ? By whose authorization has it a place in the world ? Bringing it into the world, to what insti-tution did He commit it ? What laws did He appoint for the preservation and propa-. gation of this religion in the world ? Did Christ commit his religion to any insti-tution of the world ? He committed it solely to his Church. " My kingdom is not of this world." He gave instruction, too, in the principles that should govern his Church in the support of His religion in the world. These instructions do not permit the employment of force, either within the Church itself, or without it in the State, in the support of His cause. But has the State nothing to do with the support of religion ? We are told that the Government must support religion, in the army and Ł navy. By whose authoriz-ation has the Government undertaken the support of religion in the army or navy, in the public school, or anywhere else ? No one has the power to give the State that authority but Jesus Christ. Has he done it ? The State in touching religion at all, is touching that which it has no business to touch. The Church is the only organization on earth authorized to propa-gate the Christian religion, and that at its own expense. . . . A Western secular paper puts the whole matter tersely in the following sentences The Church is, or ought to be, purely a religious institution, voluntarily supported by those who accept its tenets or belief, or not at all. The State is, or ought to be, purely a secular institution, ex- 