56 ANEERICAN SENTINEL. specifically revealed. It is as arrogantŠshall we not say it is as blasphemous?Šin a modern legislature to claim divine sanction for one of its enactments as it would be for a railroad company to assert the same inspiration in the selection of a particular route by its board. Well, then, may we not say that a conscientious leg-islator, pondering his vote on a proposed Sunday law, with mind undarkened by the clouds of Brownism, and sincerely desiring to fulfill the will of Deity, would in his official action commune with himself somewhat after this fashion? "It is the will of Deity that I shall herein dis-charge faithfully the 'duty I owe tp the State, which the State has defined for me, and which I have expressly pledged myself to perform. I am not at liberty to judge for myself what that duty is, unless in cases where my employer;the State, has failed to define it for me. Is this such a case? I cannot shut my eyes to the fact that this question of a Sunday law is a religious question. The character of its advocates, the fact that they consist exclusively of professional religionists, male and female, sufficiently demonstrates that; the nature of the argu-ments these people use in favor of the law, simply con-firms what is already clear from their, pressure and their zeal. Now, the State has defined my duties, which it is the will of Deity that I should perform, in the constitu-tion. Let me look at that, and see what my duty is, as to legislating upon religious questions. The constitu-tion says, 'NO preference shall be given by law to any re-ligion.' This means that my duty as a legislator is to vote against the passage of any law which gives a prefer-ence to any religion. "Now, let me turn from the.examination of the con-stitution, and examine myself for a moment. I know that these professional religionists are here urging the passage of this law for the reason, and for the reason alone, that they believe it will give a preference to the particular religion which they profess over all otherŁ reli-gions. Do I not also know perfectly well, in my own mind, that this belief of theirs is entirely correct? Am I not conscious that my inclination to vote for this law is based purely on my knowledge that it will give a' prefer-ence to their religion, and my desire thus to oblige a number of good citizens? , "But stop, there is another basis forŁ this inclination of mine. Away down in the depths of my heart, there is a strong hereditary sympathy with the kind of religion these people profess. I may not live up to itŠas many of them probably do notŠin respect to Sunday observ-ance and in several other respects, but I have still a 'pref-erence' for it. As part of this religion, I have been taught to believe that there is a command of Deity that men shall not work on Sunday, and I should like to see all men obey the commands of Deity. Am I not, then, in danger of allowing my own preference in the matter of religion to influence my vote on this bill? On the other hand, if I feel that it is this preference of others which alone inclines me to vote for the bill, then is it not evi-dent that, to my own inner consciousness, the bill does  embody a preference of one religion over another? But, if it embodies such a preference, it violates, that constitu-tion which I have sworn to support_ It is the will of Deity that I shall not break that oath. Now, will it matter in the least in His eyes whether, in the breaking-of it, I vote to give a preference by law to the 'particular religion which I happen to profess, or to some religion professed by other people?" The correctness of this line of thought cannot be im-peached. It discriminates with right morality between the duty of the individual, which is to give a preference to the religion that he believes to embody the will of Deity, and the duty of a legislator, which is to vote against any law that gives a preference to his own re-ligion or any other, as against all laws that violate the Constitution under which alone he acts as a legislator_ It distinguishes justly and properly between the man and the member. It is the reasoning of intellectual honesty, as opposed to the guidance of intellectual dishonesty, consciously or unconsciously inducing the legislator to regulate his official conduct by another standard than that to which he has sworn that he will conform. Christian Citizenship and Hypocrisy. THE object of the Christian Citizenship movement is to "prepare the way of the Lord." This preparation is, "to have every mayor and every councilman a Christian." When this is accomplished, it is' declared, "Christ wil rule." But are the promoters of this movement sure that they are able to discern between Christians and those who only 'profess Christianity? If it is known that only those professing Christianity can be elected to offices of . trust and profit under the Government, will not many profess Christianity merely for the sake of the office? la other words, will not this movement to "prepare the way of the Lord "-by electing only Christians to office, really prepare the way of the devil by putting a premium on hypocrisy? It will be answered that the promoters of this movement are able to judge who are and who are not Christians. But facts show they are not, and the folloWing bit, of history will forcibly prove it. One of the objects of the Christian Citizenship leaders is to secure the enactment and enforcement of rigid Sun-day laws. This is a part of their preparation for the Coming of the Lord. In order to commit Congress to their movement they have united on securing a Sunday law for the District of Columbia. This done they propose to extend such legislation to all the territories and de-partments subject to Federal jurisdiction. Their effort to commit Congress to such legislation by securing a District Sunday law was, begun in 1890. It was decided at that time by those engaged in what is now called'.  Christian Citizenship work that it would be wise to select a Southern congressman to introduce the bill in the House and a Northern senator to introduce it 