MERICAN SENTIN AMERICAN SENTINEL. 403 As regards its intended impeachment of faith, it is sufficient to say of Mr. Taber's book that it is based upon a false assumption and is therefore a failure from the start, as every work of the kind must be. It assumes that Christianity is responsible for all the crime and folly that have been perpetrated in her name. As well might it be assumed that Liberty is responsible for all the crimes that have been committed in her name. "Freethinkers" believe in liberty, while condemning lawlessness and an-archy. Why can they not be as fair towards Christianity? Christianity is no more responsible for the frauds which have used her fair name to mask their baseness, than is the United States mint responsible for the coun-terfeit coins which rogues have put into circulation. The very fact that there have been and are spurious Chris-tians, is proof of the value of genuine Christianity. A United States coin is counterfeited because, for the rogue's purpose, it is worth counterfeiting. For the same reason there are counterfeit Christians. But who ever heard of a counterfeit "Freethinker"? Faith is not superstition; it is not credulity. It is the assent of the mind and heart to the Word of God, as a revelation of truths which lie beyond the range of finite vision. It is a means of knowing all-important facts which could not otherwise be ascertained. Gratifying Results from Our Special Offer. NOTHING could give the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL more genuine satisfaction than the remarkable manner in which its friends have responded to our "special offer," the announcement of which appeared first in our issue of the 22nd ult. A week, at least, should elapse before returns could in reason be hoped for, yet as we close the forms of this week's paper, we are gratified to state that over one thousand new subscribers under the offer have been received, and these only from less than one half the States where the SENTINEL circulates. Over fifty have sent in clubs of from five to twenty subscrip-tions each; long lists have come through the State tract societies and individual subscriptions are numbered by the scores. This is something quite remarkable in news-paper circulation, and especially at this time of year. It demonstrates beyond a question of doubt that the SEN-TINEL has a very warm place in the hearts of its constit-uency, for it is the love of the principles for which the paper stands in defense, and the desire that they shall be known among all men, that have led, to this unselfish ac-tivity in its behalf. We are profoundly grateful for this evidence of appre-ciation, and it stimulates us, as nothing else could, to re-double our efforts in giving the SENTINEL'S message in no uncertain tone. So let us together, editors and readers, unite hand in hand in "pressing the battle to the gates," so that all the people in all the land may know, and know in the light of God's word, what the dangers are that threaten us, and the way of escape. Ł Toleration in Russia. THE Berlin correspondent of the London Standard telegraphs that while celebrating Christmas eve in the German manner the Czarina was asked by her husband to express a wish. She whispered: "Please permit a little more religious toleration." The Czar answered, smilingly : " That will come by and by." The Czar has remembered his promise, and has re cently issued a ukase cancelling that of his father, which ordered that every non-orthodox person in Russia who married an orthodox person'should sign a document de-claring that he would baptize and educate his children in the orthodox faith. The ukase of Emperor Nicholas per-mits children of mixed marriages to be educated in the religion of their parentsŠsons in that of their father's and daughters in that of their mother's. Card. To all interested in carrying thegospel of Jesus Christ to theinhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations' should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Penn. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. 11 paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromising opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press publishing Co. ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Assoeiation. Single Copy, Per Year, Six months, - It Three " Ł Ł .25. ADDRESS, AtIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York.. - $1.00. 