AMERICAN SENTINEL. 475 some drunken comrade; they very seldom had a meeting that was not attended by some who were under the influ-ence of liquor. I will not take time to describe that Friday night meeting, only to say that it was an almost ideal gospel meeting in one of the most elegant parlors of the city; perfectly informal; every man feeling that he had a right to make the most of every moment, and get for himself all of Christ that he could out of any one who knew more about him than he did. We were honored by the pres-ence of two men who were under the influence of liquor, who both signed the pledge, asked for prayers, and pro-fessed conversion before the meeting was over. The next day we had a meeting for the children in the same double parlors. These little people had already come to appreciate the difference between a drunken and a sober father and mother; between starvation and plenty; between rags and comfortable clothing; between quarreling and peace and quietness in the home. Mrs. Scott said: "At our last month's meeting these women gave us a surprise, the like of which I think, never was before enjoyed. The supper has always,  been fur-nished by the Union, and in this we have made an effort to teach how to set a table neatly, and all the little nice ways that could be transferred to their humble homes. We have endeavored to lead them to see how large a part neatness in the home plays in the temperance re-form; that before a man can be expected to leave the saloon and bring his earnings honie, he must have a home to which he can come, and in which to spend his evenings. When the time arrived to arrange for our last monthly meeting some of these women came to us and said: "Let us serve the supper at the next meeting." At first we thought it would be a great risk; that it would make a drain upon the resources of those who could not afford it; but as they urged their wish in the matter, we consented, keeping out of the way until we were ushered in as guests of honor, and I doubt if it would have been possible to find a dry eye in our company. For myself, I was not ashamed of the tears that came to my eyes. It was a nice, daintily-prepared and neatly-served supper, which furnished by these women so recently rescued out of the slums, was a remarkab e demonstration of what can be expected by patient, sympathetic effort, with the blessing of God upon it. There was no linen, but the cloths were very white and clean. They had the good taste, or rather the principle not to try to do better than they could. There were a few flowers tastefully arranged, and everything showed that there was not only a desire to please, but a genuine appreciation of the principles upon which beauty and order in the government of heaven depend. Their husbands came, all deeply inter-ested to witness the success of their wives in this effort to entertain the Union. From first to last the exhibit of results was so simple and practical, so after the divine order of "every seed  bringing forth fruit after his kind," that we could but rejoice at what God had produced out of small human beginnings. What Is Is the Everlasting Gospel?ŠNo. 7. BY C. H. KESLAKE. THE everlasting gospel is the Word of God. This will be seen by comparing verses 23 and 25 of Colossians 1st chapter. where in the one text the Apostle Paul says he was made a minister of the gospel, while in the other he says he was made a minister to "fully preach the word of God" (margin). The word of God is the truth (John 17 :17) ; there-fore the gospel itself is the truth. Col. 1 :9. All truth must be consistent with it .elf. It is impossible therefore for the gospel to call any-one to that whith is not the truth. We have seen however that the everlasting gospel of Rev. 14:6, 7 calls upon all "them that dwell on the earth, . . . every nation, kindred, tongue, and people," to "fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come; and worship him that made heaven, and earth, the sea, and the fountains of waters." This it has been shown is nothing less than a call to keep the commandments of God. But as stated above, the gospel cannot call one to anything that is not the truth, and as it calls on all to keep the commandments, it follows that the command-ments themselves are truth. And this we know is so, for we read, "Thou art near, 0 Lord; and all thy com-mandments are truth." Ps. 119 :151. It is not enough to say that the gospel is truth. It is that to be sure, but it is a great deal more than that; it is the truth. That is to say, the gospel is not simply a part of a great whole, but it is the whole thing itself; it is the sum of all truth. And this is because the gospel is simply Christ himself, and he is "the truth." John 14:6. There is no truth outside of Christ. Nor is it enough to say that the commandments are simply truth, and a part of a great whole. As we have seen, God's law is truth. And it is more; it is "the truth." It is not a part, but the whole truth. Hence we read again : Thy righteousness is an everlasting righteous-ness; and thy law is the truth." Ps. 119:142. From this it will appear that there is practically no difference between the law and the gospelŠthey are both "the truth," and the truth is Jesus Christ. What then is the real object of the preaching of the everlasting gospel of Rev. 14 :6, 7 to earth's remotest bounds? As it reads it is that all men should "fear God and give glory to him . . . and worship him that made heaven and earth, the sea and the fountains of waters." This however is a call to keep the commandments of GodŠa matter of absolute necessity in-the one who fears God. 