74  THE ANIERICA.N SENTINEL. appear that an act which is not only perfectly innocent but entirely laudable when performed on any other day of the week, becomes so in-tensely criminal when performed on the first day of the week as to deserve a penalty of a, thousand dollars fine? Section 4 reads:Ñ "SEc. 4. That all military and naval drills, musters, and parades, not in time of. active service or immediate preparation therefor, of soldiers, sailors, marines, or cadets of the United States on the first day of the week, ex-cept assemblies for the due and orderly ob-servance of religious worship, are hereby pro-hibited, nor shall any unnecessary labor be performed or permitted in the military or na-val service of the United States on the Lord's day." So far as anything in this section is in it-self concerned there is nothing particularly to be noticed except that it is directly in the line of Constantine 's Sunday legislation. He, however, went a step further and caused his soldiers to parade expressly for worship, and wrote out a prayer which he- had them all repeat at a given signal. Something like this may fairly be expected to follow should this bill become a law; because, as religious ob-servance and religious worship are the ob-jects of the bill, why should not the soldiers be required to pray on Sunday as well as to religiously observe the day? It may be said that the religious observance of the day is not required; but when we come to section six, it will be seen that it is. Section 5 reads thus tÑ " S.EC. 5. That it shall be unlawful to pay or to receive payment or wages in any manner for service rendered or for labor performed or for the transportation of persons or property in violation of the provisions of this act, nor shall any action lie for the recovery thereof, and when so paid, whether in advance or otherwise; the same may be recovered back by whoever shall first sue for the same." This section provides that if any person works for any other person on Sunday, and receives pvÑ*  ment for it at any time, then any person in the wide world, except the parties concerned, can enter suit, and recover the money so paid. If you work for me on Sun-day, and I ever pay you for it, then the first man that finds it out can sup you and get the money. That is what the bill says. The bill says that when wages are paid for Sunday work, whether in advance or otherwise, the same may be recovered back by whoever shall first sue for the same. " Whoever," is a uni-versal term. Therefore, this bill deliberately proposes that when any man who is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, receives payment for work done on Sunday, except of necessity or mercy, he may be sued for that money by whoever first learns that he has received it, and that person shall get the money. To think that any such legislation as is em-bodied in this section should ever be thought of by any sane person, is sufficiently astonish-ing; but that it should not only have been thought of, but should have been thought of and embodied in a bill, and introduced into the United States Senate by a United States Senator, and that it should have passed two readings in that body without a dissenting voice, is simply astounding. It almost sur-passes belief. But here are the facts which demonstrate that such things have been done in this land of liberty, in the National Legis-lature, in this year of the nineteenth century. When United States Senators will employ their time in such legislation as that, then whose liberties are safe ? Senator Blair is a Prohibitionist of National reputation. He  may justly be considered a representative Prohibitionist, and the legislation proposed in this bill, and in this section of the bill, may justly be considered a representative piece of Prohibitionist legislation. But if that be so, then the fewer Prohibition-ists who ever, as such, secure legislative power, the better will it be for the people. And when such legislation as is here proposed can be introduced, and read twice in the United States Senate, without a dissenting voice, then it is high time that the American people were awaking to that eternal vigilance which only is the price of liberty. The last section of the bill is as follows :Ñ "SEC. 6. That labor or service performed and rendered on the first day of the week in con-sequence of accident, disaster, or unavoidable delays in making the regular connections upon postal routes a'nd routes of travel and transportation, the preservation of perishable and exposed property, and the regular and necessary transportation and delivery of arti-cles of food in condition for healthy use, and such transportation for short distances from one State, district, or Territory into another State, district, or Territory as by local laws shall be declared to be necessary for the pub-lic good, shall not be deemed violations of this act, but the same shall be construed so far as possible to secure to the whole people rest from toil during the first day of the week, their mental and moral culture, and the relig-ious observance of the Sabbath day." This section is simply provisory, and re-quires no comment, except the last few lines, which show the object of the entire bill; and that is, " to secure to the whole people rest, . . . and the religious observance of the Sabbath day." No one, therefore, need at-tempt to evade the force of objections against this bill by .saying that it is not the religious, but the civil, observance of the day that is re-quired ; because here it is plainly declared in the bill itself, that it is not only to ¥secure rest to all, the people, but that it is also to secure the religious observance of the Sabbath day. There is not a single reference in the bill to any such thing as the civil observance of the day. The word " civil " is not used in the bill. It is a religious bill wholly. The first section defines the Lord's day ; the second section re-fers to the day as one of worship and rest; section three refers to it as a day of religious worship; section four refers to its observance as that of religious worship; and section six plainly declares what is apparent throughout, that the object of the whole bill is " to secure to the whole people rest and religious observ-ance of the Sabbath day," on the first day of the week. It is religious legislation, and that only; but as the present Constitution forbids relig-ious legislation, it was necessary to follow the presentation of this bill by a proposed amend-ment to the Constitution establishing the Chris-tian religion. Thus the two go hand in hand. They belong together; either necessitates the other. Let either be adopted, and in the language of the United States Senate in 1829, it will "involve a legislative decision on a re-ligious controversy, and on a point in which good citizens may honestly differ in opinion, without disturbing the peace of society, or endangering its liberties. If this principle is once introduced it will be impossible to de-fine its bounds. . . . If admitted it may be justly apprehended that the future meas-ures of the Government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence. All religious despotism com-mences by combination and influence; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it, and the catastrophe  of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequences. . . . If the principle is once established that religion, or religious observan.ces, shall be interwoven with our legislative acts we must pursue it to its ulti-matum... . . Let the National Legislature once perform an act which involves the de-cision of religious controversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The prec-edent will then be established, and the foun-dation laid, for that usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country which has been the desolating scourge to the fairest portions of the Old World." The Blair Sunday Bill and its accompany-ing constitutional amendment bear in them, or in either of them, this desolating scourge, and if adopted will spread that scourge over all this fair land. Therefore we are eternally opposed to this bill or anything like it. We oppose it as human beings who have respect for human rights; we oppose it as American citizens who believe in the rights and liber-ties asserted for mankind by the Declaration of Independence, and maintained for all by the American Constitution as it is, and which inhere in the genius of American institutions. We oppose it as men who fear God, and re-spect the right of every man to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, or, so far as civil government -is concerned, not to worship him at all if he chooses; we oppose, it as Christians who love Christ and endeavor sincerely to do his will, and who, at the same time, maintain that, under civil government, every other man is entitled to all the rights to which the Christian is en-titled ; and we would have every soul in the United States inspired with the spirit, and, we hope, with the deathless endurance, with which our own opposition is inspired. The National Establishment of the Christian Religion. A JOINT RESOLUTION PROPOSING AN AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES, RESPECTING ESTABLISHMENTS OF RELIGION AND FREE SCHOOLS. Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States of America, in Con-gress assembled (two-thirds of each House concur-ring therein), That the following amendment to the Constitution of the United States be, and hereby is, proposed to the States, to be-come valid when ratified by the Legislatures of three-fourths of the States, as provided in the Constitution T. SECTION 1. No State' shall ever make or maintain any law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof. SEC. 2. Each State in this Union shall es-tablish and maintain a system of free public schools adequate for the education of all the children living therein, between the ages of six and sixteen years, inclusive, in the- corn-mon branches of knowledge, and in virtue, morality, and the principles of the Christian religion. But no money raised by taxation imposed by law, or any money or other prop-erty or credit belonging to any municipal or-ganization, or to any State, or to the United States, shall ever be appropriated, applied, or given to the use or purposes of any school, institution, corporation, or person, whereby instruction or training shall be given in the doctrines, tenets, belief, ceremonials, or observ-ances peculiar to any sect, denomination, or-ganization, or society, being, or claiming to be, religious in its character; nor shall such pe-culiar doctrines, tenets, belief, ceremonials, or observances, be taught or inculcated in the -free public schools. SEC. 3. To the end that each State, the 