206 AlVJETRIIEZICA-INT  VoL. 10, No. 26. molly, funeral, etc., performed in the church or out of it. 6th. The faithful who receive, or have in their possession, tracts, leaflets, periodicals, such as the _Evangelista Colombiano, and El Progreso of New York; Bibles or books of whatever class printed within or out of the Republic, which are distributed or sold by Protestant missionaries, or their agents, or any other bookseller, are positively obliged to deliver said books to their respective parish priest, or send them to the archbishopric. You are to cause this circular to be read in all of the churches for three consecutive Sun-days at the time of mass, so that the faithful may fully know its contents. God keep you. BERNADO, Archbishop of Bogota. EARLY PERSECUTION OF SEVENTH-DAY BAP- TISTS. BY CHARLES E. BUELL. IN 1631 Roger Williams landed at Boston, Mass. ; and with his appearance in the then newly formed colony, a discord was produced. The generally held notion that persons should be made to believe a doctrine, as promulgated by the church, was destined to receive a blow from which it would never recover. Roger Williams told the leaders of the New England society, in most distinct language, that to compel men to unite with those of a different faith is an open violation of natural right. He insisted that no one should be bound to worship or to maintain a worship against his own consent. This was a new thought seemingly, to most of the stern Pu-ritans who had always championed the rule which a large proportion of the ministers had advocated, that, "persecution is not wrong in itself. It is wicked for falsehood to persecute truth, but it is the sacred duty of truth to persecute falsehood." On the Sabbath question Roger Williams was so outspoken that the General Court re-monstrated against his settlement in the colt ony. The historian says, he " declared the opinion that the magistrate might not punish a breach of the Sabbath, nor any other offense, as it was a breach of the first table."' For these and similar teachings against a theo-cratic government which was being reared by the Puritans, Roger Williams was banished from the colony in 1635. The attempt was made, however, to arrest him and send him to Eng-land, where, upon complaint, he would have been killed for utterances against the State-Church of England and the government which supported it. Roger Williams, anticipating the arrest, fled, and for fourteen weeks, as he stated, " was sorely tossed, not knowing what bread or bed did mean." He had undoubtedly gone by boat around the coast from Boston to Providence, R. I., of the present time. The story of his being received into the hab-itations of the savages, and, as he stated the case, " was fed by the ravens in the wilder-ness," is ,a familiar bit of history. The going forth of Roger Williams and the founding of a port of refuge for those who were to be persecuted, seems to have been a providential provision. The colony growing out of this settlement on Sekonk River, known as Providence Plantation, became largely made up of those who differed with the Pu-ritans, and who could not have remained in the Plymouth Colony. It would be interesting to know in exact detail the names and the charges against those who followed Roger Williams in attempting to 1  See American Encyclopedia, Article Roger Williams. maintain the truth, and who were banished, imprisoned, fined and openly whipped by the cruel Puritans. After the escape of Roger Williams, a law was enacted making it more difficult to teach doctrines opposed to those given out by the church of the colony. In 1637 John Wheelwright was arrested for preaching like words as those which sent Williams into exile, and he was convicted of sedition, to be disfranchised, and banished. Like Roger Williams, he was compelled to go forth alone in the bitterness of the New Eng-land winter. In the latter part of the same year Anne Hutchinson was brought before an ecclesiastical criminal court. Ministers, who were burning with hate, were her accusers. The story of her treatment would shame sav-ages. She was condemned and banished from Massachusetts colony, and, with friends, went to Narragansett Bay and settled in the Roger Williams colony. In all of the branch colonies, as at Hartford, Springfield, Windsor, Guilford, and New Haven, the policy of persecuting all those who taught anything differing from the Established Church was adopted, and various were the applications made of the new laws against heretics. Of all the pests which the New England Puritans hated and also dreaded, the Baptists were the greatest. It was not the least of the offenses of Roger Williams that he was a Bap-tist. The teaching of the Baptists against infant baptism led to a law, in 1644, making it a penal offense to teach, openly or secretly, against baptizing of infants. This was pun-ishable with banishment. The Baptists of those early times were largely of the seventh-day belief, that is, they consid-ered that the seventh day of the week and not the first day, was the true Sabbath, and their conduct was in accord with their belief. This resulted in the first Sunday law in Plymouth Colony. It was enacted June 10, 1650. The text of this law was as follows: "Further be it enacted, that whosoever shall profane the Lord's day, by doing any servile work, or any such like abuse, shall forfeit for every such default ten shillings, or be whipped."' This law seems to have been specially aimed at certain persons, and in October of 1650 arrests were made under it. There appears in the family history of the Buell family what seems to point to the ear-liest arrest under the first Sunday law in this country. It states that in the court record of Plymouth Colony (Bayliss 11.211) that Will-iam Buell and wife, with Joseph Tery and wife, John Hazel, Obadiah Holmes, Edward Smith, and the wife of James Mann, were in-dicted for failing to observe the Lord's day, contrary to the order of the court. This was in October, 1650. It further appears that William Buell and wife were indicted for being Baptists, and it is possible that all who were indicted for failure to obey the Sunday law were also indicted for being Baptists, which would not appear in the family book. William Buell, from whom the Buell fam-ilies in this country are descended, came from England in 1635, with his mother, Goode Buell. He was about twenty years old when he arrived. His mother was the wife of Sir Robert Buell, of London, and the daughter of Sir John Goode, of London; and she left hus-band and home on account of religious differ-ences, and sought liberty in .the new world. William Buell, her son, no doubt imbibed his belief from his mother, which would indicate that she was a Seventh-day Baptist. She is reported as being an educated person, and ed-ucated her son, giving him advantages in the 2  "Plymouth Colony Records," Vol. 11, p. 67. new land where schools had not been estab-lished. The fact is indicated that William Buell and wife were not only Baptists, but Seventh-day Baptists, and the subsequent records of the other persons named in the indictment of 1650 shows them to have been Seventh-day Baptists. In 1652, Obadiah Holmes, John Clarke and John Crandall, went from Provi-dence Plantation to Lynn, Mass., to visit an aged Baptist friend,and were engaged in devo-tional worship when they were arrested, and told that they must attend worship at the meet-ing-house. For this private meeting they were fined respectively thirty, twenty, and five pounds, or each be well whipped. Friends paid the fines for Clarke and Crandall, but Elder Holmes, for some reason, failed to pay, and received thirty lashes with a three-thonged whip of knotted cord wielded with both hands, which lacerated his body in a frightful manner. When asked to be shown the law under which they were fined, Governor Endicott broke in : " You have deserved death." As Elder Holmes left the court, he remarked: "I bless God I am counted worthy to suffer for the name of Jesus." Whereupon John Wilson, a leading minister, struck Holmes, and said : " The curse of God go with you." When the whipping was over, two men, John Spur, and John Hazel one of the persons named with Holmes, Buell and others, in the indictment in 1650, went to the suffering man and shook hands with him, Hazel not speak-ing; yet both were fine forty shillings for sympathizing with the prisoner, with the choice of paying the fine or being whipped. They both refused to pay the fine; but a friend paid Spur's, and after a week's imprisonment, another paid Hazel's. John Crandall preached in. Westerly, R. I., in after years, to a Seventh-day Baptist Church. Another, Joseph Crandall, preached to the Seventh-day Baptist Church at Newport, from 1715 to 1737. The Congregation at Westerly came out of one at Newport, to which John Clarke had preached; and every indication points to the fact that the several persons re-ferred to were Seventh-day Baptists. Plainfield, N. J., June 18. Ł [From, the Jewish Spectator, May 17.] THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, published by the Pacific Press Publishing Company at New York, and edited by Messrs. Alonzo Jones, Calvin Bollman and Leon Smith, one of the staunchest journals advocating and champion-ing the complete separation of Church from State, in its issue of May 8th, has the follow-ing comment upon our editorial anent the in-tolerant Sunday laws of the State of Tennes- see, so cruelly executed against Seventh-day Adventists:Š The SENTINEL is gratified with the approving words for the faithfulness of the persecuted Seventh-day Adventists which are found in our Hebrew exchanges. One of the most courageous and consistent of these and one which utilizes every opportunity to speak for the persecuted and for the principles of religious lib erty at stake in the struggle, is the Jewish Spectator of Memphis and New Orleans. And we assure our liberal and truly American contemporary that the Spectator will always be found among those journals who protest against any kind of injustice, prejudice, bigotry and priestcraft. There ought to be at least one spot within God's fair earth where religious freedom and civil liberty reigns supreme and is not shackled and fettered by the arbitrary power of man and the pernicious force of un-just lawsŠlet that spot forever beŠthe United States. 