300 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. observance. And so, in spite of his op-position to Church and State union, he may be expected to lend a hand to help it on. Yet we are glad of such utter-ances, for they call people's attention to the danger attending a union of Church and State, and so prepare them to oppose it when we show them that the principle of such a union is embodied in Sunday legislation.ŠSigns of the Times. Christianity and the State. WHETHER we view the relation of Chris-tianity and the State historically or prac-tically, we are forced to the conclusion that it is a question interwoven with the very fabric of national life. When Christ came, though surrounded by the ritualistic service of the Jew, and the magnificence of Roman rule in civil affairs, he taught a spiritual worship freed alike from priestly and civil control. He established his kingdom not on coercion, but on love. When the Holy Ghost was poured out, Christianity, free from the shackles of State control, took giant strides forward. A new power had come into the world, and so great was its progress, that one hundred and six years after the ascension of Christ, Justin Martyr wrote : " There is not a nation of Greek or Bar-barian, or of any other name, even of those who wander in tribes and live in tents, amongst whom prayers and thanks-giving are not offered to the Father and Creator of the universe by the name of the crucified Jesus." Ł From that time the Roman Empire and the kingdom not of this world were in deadly struggle for supremacy. Chris-tianity taught the meaning of manhood, crossed local boundaries and united un-sympathetic peoples. The world thrilled with moral electricity. Notwithstanding her obscure origin, her imperfect organ-ization, by the enthusiasm of her followers for the divine truth she contained, the Church triumphed over the empire and reached the throne of the Caesars. The prophetic visions of Isaiah seemed fulfill-ing,Š" Darkness shall cover the earth, and gross darkness the people : but the Lord shall rise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee. And Gentiles shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising." Constantine embraced Christianity be-cause he saw the waning power of the old gods, and the growing power of Christ. He united Church and State to the detri-ment of both. Its results were evil, and that continually. Christianity was made popular and the Church became filled with unconverted heathens. The State fixed the standard of orthodoxy, spiritual-ity became paralyzed, and men sought by flattery and intrigues to rise to places of power. Missionary enterprises became fewer, the theology of the Church intro-duced works as a part of the system of  salvation, and the Dark Ages threw their shadow athwart the path of progress. The Inquisition with its cruelties came from the union of Church and State, as effect from cause. For when the Papacy had arisen and asserted supremacy over the governments of Europe, the State be-came the tool of the Church to punish heretics in property and person. The worst feature of European history for twelve hundred years came from that union. It was also a standing menace to free inquiry and reform.ŠRev. W. B. Judd, Drew Theological Seminary, Madi-son, N., J., in Converted Catholic. Ł * An Opportunity. THE World complains that "the closing of the season at the summer resorts of fashion finds the participants in the life at these places as satiated and fagged out as they were at the end of the winter." "They have," says the World, " simply changed the scene, and the form of social dissipa-tion, which makes so penny of our fashion-able women haggard at thirty, and old at a time when they should be either in their prime or just entering upon that beautiful and poetic period described by the French wit and philosopher as ' the youth of old age.' To substitute breakfast parties, luncheons, balls, dress parades, and other forms of rivalry, feasting and excitement, in the country, for the pleasures of town in the winter, is to divert vacation from its uses, and to rob a change of its intended benefit. It is a part of the national habit of ' burning the candle at both ends,' which causes our women to ' fade early,' and gives us so many broken down or prematurely aged young men. It is a pity that a people with such a capacity for work should not be able to cultivate more of a genius for repose." Does not the World know that there is such a thing as paternalism in govern-ment ? and that this dissipation in the resorts of fashion affords an excellent op-portunity to demonstrate the benefits to be derived from the fatherly care of the police power of the State ? Why in the name of the logic of the American Sab-bath Union does not the World get a clause tacked on to the Sunday law re-quiring these people "to cultivate more of a genius for repose," or at least to repose more, whether they cultivate the genius or not ? Possibly those ministers who are so profoundly concerned about a civil rest with at least a moiety of religious regard, could be induced to incorporate something of this kind with the measures which they are now pushing so vigorously both in and out of Congress. If the paternal theory is worth anything, it certainly ought to afford protection to those who are com-pelled by that most relentless of all tyrants, Fashion, to neglect the taking of much needed rest. 0. P. B. They Seek Executive Authority Also. ON Sunday evening, September 14, the Kings County Sunday Observance Associ-ation held a meeting in the Fort Greene Presbyterian Church, in Brooklyn, N. Y. Although not very numerously attended, considerable interest and enthusiasm was manifested on the part of the speakers. That which first impressed a portion of the audience, was the multiplicity of titles used to designate Sunday, and the fact that each of the speakers had one of his own. It was called, " Sabbath," " Chris-tian Sabbath," " American Sunday," and "Our day." Of all the titles used, we thought the last most appropriate, for certainly the amount of husbanding needed by this day, and from this class of religio-political guardians, would indicate its human origin, and dependence upon hu-man support. Dr. Taylor, Recording Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, told how at-tempts had been made in legislative halls to overthrow the day, and then presented a very forcible argument to show the per-petual existence of the Sabbath, and truth-fully remarked, that " you can't legislate the Sabbath out of the world, any more than you can legislate God out of the world." Now in all candor we fail to see why it is necessary to make so much ado to have a day protected as" the Sabbath, by human enactments, as this organization seeks to do for Sunday, except on the ground_ that it is " Our day," and nothing more. Rev. Taylor had much to say in regard to the opposition 'by rum, and railroad corporations, to all Sunday laws. He spoke of the many Sunday excursions, especially in New Jersey; and signifi-cantly remarked that " one church [Pres-byterian he thought], has been almost broken up by these Sunday excursions." The Rev. Edwin P. Ide aroused some profitable reflections by saying, " I am not afraid of corporations, but of the apathy of the Christian churches." After this speech, the president, Rev.. A. A. Robbins, frankly admitted the truthful-ness of Mr. Ide's statements, and also added that in an attempt by himself and others, to get the aldermen to enforce the law with regard to the delivery of ice-cream after ten A. M., on Sunday, they were told that nothing could be done, for it was principally the church people who wanted the cream. In an appeal for means to help in the work of the organization, one of the mem-bers spoke of the violation of Sunday laws as being a " sin," and said, " because of a lack of means, we cannot punish them [those who break Sunday laws] until it is too late." Thus the clergy seek to make men good by law, and set themselves up as proper persons to punish evil-doers. CHAS. F. PARMELB. 