212 ..ckTVLIPUEUIC..A..N" IEN P'NEAL VoL. 11, No. 39. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 1, 1896. 12eŠ  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. IT has been said in defense of the red-handed Sultan of Turkey that he is subject to fits of emotional insanity. But what sort of a de-fense can be made in behalf of Turkey's apologists and defenders in this country ? WE shall issue next week an edition of the SENTINEL prepared specially for circulation in the Southern States. The matter in this " special " number will he, however, just as good North as South. This will be an excel-lent educational number, and we trust that the friends of religions liberty will give this Southern " special" a large circulation. IN reply to a recent letter addressed to the Sultan of Turkey by the Evangelical Alliance of the United States, protesting:against the massacres in Armenia and threatening to do all in their power to incite the " Christian " governments of the world to employ force against the Sultan in case the massacres are not stopped, the latter sends a letter, po-litely assuring the Evangelical Alliance that they are misinformed on the subject, and that Christians in Armenia are treated very well, and have really no cause to complain. "The imperial government," he says, "has protected their property, their lives, and their honor, and has assured them full and entire liberty of conscience;" in proof of which he cites an " imperial firman, which the Sultan Orkhan delivered to his brother when he had appointed him commander-in-chief of the imperial army," and which had since been " co'nfirmed in a more precise manner by his illustrious successom" This is very much like the " proof " offered to Ad-ventists imprisoned for Sunday work, that there can be no religious persecution in this country, since it is contrary to the Constitu-tion, and to the American principle of the separation of Church and State. THE civil government is not without moral accountability for the reason that individuals lose moral accountability when acting collect-ively in a governmental capacity, for no in-dividual can ever be in a position where he is freed from moral accountability; but for the reason that in moral matters, one individual cannot represent another, but each individual must*represent himself and no other; and hence the civil government cannot prop-erly take account of moral questions. The government official cannot act morally for those whom he represents in his official ca-pacity. The government represents the whole people living under it, and when it presumes  to deal with moral questions it assumes the right to be the moral representative of the people; but the only proper moral represent-ative which any person can have is Jesus Christ. His life and death will answer in the Judgment day for the life record of every one who shall have made him their repre-sentative, by the provisions of his gospel. But such as trust in the fiction of the moral accountability of the civil government, will find in that day that the moral accountability rests all upon the individuals, and that each one must answer for himself before God for the deeds which he has done, whether as a participant in the government, or in any other capacity. SUNDAY CASES AT FORD'S STORE, MD. OUR readers will remember that last week we stated that three arrests for Sunday labor had been made at Ford's Store, Md. The work complained of in these cases was fishing for crabs; and the offenders against the majesty of the Maryland Sunday "law" were a Seventh-day Adventist and two other men, whose wives are Adventists. It transpired at the trial of two of these cases, though it was not part of the evidence, that probably a dozen men were fishing at the same time and at the same place, but only the three men mentioned were molested by the officers of the law. The accused were summoned to appear be-fore a justice of the peace, three miles dis-tant, at Queenstown, Saturday night, Sep-tember 19. Owing to a severe storm, which swept over that part of Maryland in the even-ing of that day, only Mr. Mansfield, the Sev-enth-day Adventist, and a few of his friends, among whom was Elder J. E. Jayne, Presi-dent of the Seventh-day Adventist Confer-ence, appeared before the magistrate. Nei-ther the constable nor the witnesses for the State were on hand. The case against Mans-field, of course, went by default owing to the failure of his prosecutors to appear. The cases of the defendants not present were set for Monday evening, at which time the trial was again postponed to Thursday evening. Elder Jayne had in the meantime left the neighborhood, but returned again at the request of the International Religious Liberty Association, and was present to advise the defendants when they appeared for trial Thursday evening. On this occasion the witnesses for the State appeared, and the constable told his story; that he had seen the men fishing; had watched them until they came up to the dock, and had seen the crabs and the crab lines in their boats. It came out upon cross-examination, how-ever, that the fishing ground was at such a distance from the constable's point of ob-servation that he could not have distinguished between a man and a barrel. He could not see the lines, could not see the crabs, and could not tell whether they were indeed fish-ing, nor could he swear positively that the  crabs he had seen in the boat had been taken that day. The other witnesses for the State manifested great reluctance in testifying, so much so that the constable reproached them for "going back on him," and was in turn accused by them of making the arrests simply for the fees he hoped to get out of the cases. The defendants and their friends were in-terested listeners during the discussion thus aroused, in which the facts were fully brought out that before there were any Adventists in the neighborhood people did about as they pleased on Sunday, and were not molested for so doing; that even now only the Adventists and their friends were arrested; that, as be-fore stated, a number of others, not Advent-ists, and not in sympathy with the Advent-ists, were fishing at the same time as the defendants, but were not arrested; but that the Adventists were persistently and system-atically spied upon and prosecuted. Elder Jayne, the representative of the Re-ligious Liberty Association, spoke, giving a brief history of the origin and purpose of Sunday laws, stating some facts in re-gard to their practical operation, and giving some good advice as to how neighbors should conduct themselves toward each other. In rendering his decision the magistrate, evi-dently an intelligent, fair-minded man, did not say that the men tried were not guilty, but, " Under the circumstances, I will excuse you this time." Of course, all present were morally certain that the men were technically guilty, and yet the evidence was probably not sufficiently positive to have justified the magistrate in imposing a fine, even had the law been a just one. The friends of religious liberty in that neighborhood are to be congratulated upon the outcome of these cases, because we believe an era of better feeling and of more just ap-preciation of human rights has been inaugu-rated there. COPIES of the Catholic Mirror containing the remarkable article on the Inquisition, ana-lyzed in this number, can be had at five cents each by addressing the International Religious Liberty Association, 39 Bond St., New York. This issue of the Mirror will be a valuable document in the hands of the friends of religious liberty, especially speakers and writers. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty Assoeiation. Single Copy, Per Year, = $1.00. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. PRESIDENT, VICE-PRESIDENT, SECRETARY, ALLEN MOON. A. T. JONES. A. F. BALLENGER. 