72 T.H. AMERICAN SENTINEL. vol. 7, No. 9. NEW YORK, MARCH 3, 1892 NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. SIXTY-NINE professors of the University of Berlin, including two of the theological faculty, have, it is stated, petitioned the Prussian Diet not to pass the Primary Ed-ucation Bill, on the ground that the bill restricts the right of the State. It should be opposed on the ground that it restricts the right of the individual. THE Catholic Review claims that the Roman Catholic population of the United States is at least 20,000,000. Of these, 8,000,000 are " good Catholics," and -the remainder, persons who believe the doc-trines of the Catholic Church but who neglect confession and communion; the Review calls them " bad " or " indifferent" Catholics. A WESTERN paper says that "at a re-cent special meeting of the Burlington, Iowa, branch of the Sunday Observance Union, resolutions were adopted strongly urging all persons interested in the pro-posed organization of a baseball club in Bur-lington, for the coming season, to insure that no games be played on Sunday, and pledging the Union to the enforcement of the Sunday observance law." THE World expresses itself upon the Sunday law of the State of New York thus :Š It is time for the Legislature to sweep away this relic of Puritanical intolerance. Its existence is not only a violation of the principle of our Amer-ican system of government, and therefore a wrong to the individual ; it is a direct incentive to evil. Certainly, all religious laws in the State statutes are not only incentives to evil, but they are in themselves evil and only evil; they should be repealed; and if this " Nation " were only sufficiently " Chris-tian " to understand the Bible and prac-tice its teachings, they would be repealed before this present session of the Legisla-ture closes. THERE are in use in Belgium special postage stamps for those who do not wish their mail handled on Sunday. The ob-ject of the Government is to ascertain what proportion of the people of that country are practically opposed to Sunday mails. Remarking upon this fact an ob-scure National Reform organ, published in this city, says :Š Why not agitate for such stamps in this country? Why not write letters to Hon. John Wanamaker, P. 0. Department, Washington, D. C., requesting that such stamps be prepared and put on sale ? Surely the Superintendent of Bethany Sabbath school will do as much to give letter writers a chance to express their convictions as the Belgian Government. Certainly; why not let those who want their letters delayed over Sunday have it so ? The number however would be small, especially of those who are consumed by a desire to dictate to others what they shall and shall not do on that day. National Re-form is not like charity; it does not begin at home : it seeks to reform the other fel-low. IN Switzerland, as well as in Belgium, " Sunday postage stamps " are advertised for sale, that thus, by their use, the au- thorities may obtain an expression as to the sentiment of the people in reference to Sunday mails. In comment upon this the Northwestern Christian Advocate, re- marks :Š It seems that the Government has not the cour-age to meet that question in a square and manly way. Oh, for more moral courage By this the Northwestern means, why did not the Swiss Government act despot-ically upon this question and do away with Sunday mails without consulting the wishes of the people in any manner. It would seem that in the eyes of that paper a religious despotism the only moral and manly government. ATTENTION has been called recently, perhaps more emphatically than ever be-fore, to some of the defects in the United States postal laws, by the exclusion of Printers' Ink, published in this city, from the privileges of second-class mail matter. That the decision is unjust and arbitrary must be clear to the average American mind ; and that the law should be repealed or amended, which places such power in the hands of a single man, from whose decision it permits no appeal, is equally clear. On what principle the Post-office Department holds that Printers' Ink is third-class matter while it admits Book News as second-class, is hard to under-stand, unless indeed it is that the pub-lisher of the latter publication is the Post-master General. Mr. Wanamaker should spare time enough from political wire-pulling, or if needs be, from his Sunday school, to see that his subordinates deal a little more justly with the people. Ł  CERTAIN clergymen of Buffalo have re-quested the Superintendent of the public schools, of that city, to furnish for pub-lication in the daily press the names, to-gether with the religious belief, of all of the teachers employed.. The request was doubtless due to the charge that a number of Catholic teachers had been appointed by the superintendent. The superintend-ent's reply is respectful, as it should be, but it contains nevertheless a well-merited rebuke. He reminds the preachers that  the laws and regulations governing the public schools of Buffalo do not require him to examine into the religious creeds of those who are employed, and further that for him to have attempted such an examination would have been impertinent and detrimental to the cause of education. COMMENTING upon these facts, the Wash-ington Post well says that "the school teachers of Buffalo are employed for the same reason that school teachers are en-gaged in other cities, and for this reason Superintendent Crooker's reply will inter-est the whole country. If any teacher is incompetent, he or she, as the case may be, should be promptly removed. But if one religious denomination is to be denied the privileges of the common school system it world be unjust to expect those of that belief to contribute to the support of the 'schools. This is an old question; the peo-ple are opposed to sectarianism in the schools, and the inquiring ministers of Buffalo are not altogether wise." IN 1890 the friends of the "poor labor-ing man " in New Jersey made an effort to prevent his being " compelled " to work on Sunday; and this is what the New Jersey Agriculturist for July of that year said of it :Š An attempt was made to prevent berry-picking on Sunday in certain districts of New Jersey, but fortunately failed. The loss of a single day means the loss of thousands of dollars in the berry busi-ness. If the Lord saw fit to ripen berries on Sun-day it is a crime against common sense and the goodness of the Giver to allow the berries to perish. A work of necessity done on Sunday need not fear censure from sensible Christian people. THE SENTINEL does not believe that berry-picking is a work of necessity in any such sense as that claimed by the Agriculturist; nevertheless the note shows that Sunday-keeping is not insisted upon in the interests of the toiling masses, but in the interests of those who regard Sun-day as a sacred day. "WENDELL PHILLIPS, the Agitator," by Carlos Martyn, published by the Funk and Wagnalls Company, New York, 600 pages, price $1, is a very interesting and valu-able addition to the historic literature of the anti-slavery agitation. Vick's Magazine for February is fully up to the high standard of that excellent publication. The price, 50 cents per year, is exceedingly low, and should, together with the intrinsic merit of the monthly, secure it a welcome in every home. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90e. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Is. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 