THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 3 Our friend charges all the alliance with Rothanism upon the Republician party. This seems to us a little strange, since the Demo-cratic party has been proverbial for years as the Party that was doMinated by the Catho-lics. President Cleveland's obsequious atten-tion to Cardinal Gibbons is well known to all our readers; and who has forgotten the insult . which his adminstration gave to the whole American nation, when it sent a Government vessel to meet the emissaries of the Pope, When they came on a church mission, and how the Papal flag was hoisted above the stars and stripes? The fact of the matter is that both the old parties are like the Prohibition party, in that they favor whatever will bring them the most votes at any particular time. No man is war-ranted in saying that any particular party wills-be the party, that will offer the greatest menace to religious liberty. It is highly probable that some entirely new party will be instrumental in consummating that work. We have nothing to do with parties as such. The SENTINEL has no fight against any polit-ical party. But when it sees movements on foot that tend most directly to overthrow religious liberty, it will vigorously oppose them, no matter by whom they are cham-pioned. To show that this,  is true, we need only say that six years ago, when the matter of' a Sunday law was the only issue between the two great parties in California, we circu-lated hundreds of thousands of papers oppos-ing the stand taken by the Republican party, and it was said that the work done by the publishers of the SENTINEL contributed in no small degree to the defeat . of that party. When the party dropped that issue, there was no longer any necessity for opposing its work. It is not true that the Blair Bill is a Republi-can measure, for we know Of a surety that the most vigerous opposition that it will meet in the House will be trona Republicans. Moreover, we have seen Mr. Harrison's state-ment, signed with his own hand, to the effect that he does not favor such legislation as is proposed by Senator Blair. 'We well know that Senator Blair is a Re-publican; but we have no evidence that his Measure is a Republican measure. The readers of the SENTINEL can testify that Sen-ator Blair's Republicanism has not prevented us from opposing his work; and we think that our 'action in the past is ample proof that we should pursue a like course in regard to the Republican party as a whole, if it should endorse 'Senator Blair's bills. And now for a few facts to show that the.  Prohibition party is pre-eminently the party that is devoted to religious legislation. 1. Chairman Dickie said in answer to a question, that the disfranchisement of woman is a greater curse than all the saloons in' the country. And Sam Small, ; secretary of the National Prohibition Convention, said: " One reason why I favor woman suffrage is because we would have more Christian voters if the women were allowed to vote." Thus it ap-pears from the highest authority that the Prohibition party is not primarily a temper- ance party, but is a woman suffrage party, and that for the purpose of advancing its religio-political designs. 2. In a speech in Kansas City, Sam Small, who is one of the Prohibition party leaders, said:Š "I want to see the day come when the church shall be the arbiter of all legislation,, State, national, and municipal; when the great churches of the country, can come to-. gether harmoniously and issue their edict, and the legislative powers will respect it and enact it into laws." Talk about the encroachments of Rome! How much better would this be ? Not a bit better, but rather worse, because it would in-clude the Catholic Church, and so to its des-potism would be added that of all the other churches. For ourselves we can say that we shall never cease to antagonize any effort tending in that direction, no matter how 'highly " moral " the party making them may profess to be. 3. Speaking about the morality of the Pro-hibition party reminds us of what the Lever said some time ago :--- "At this point the Prohibition party stands out in bold contrast with the old parties. It recognizes the authority of God in human government, and proposes that all legislation shall be in harmony with Christian morality." Here we see that the religious character of the Prohibition party is set forth as its great point of superiority over the old parties. 4. In the Christian Statesman of November'  22, 1888, there appeared an editorial entitled, "Have We a Christian Party?" in which, after saying that " no one.will claim that either one of the dominant parties in American politics is a Christian party," and that the character of the Prohibition party in this respect has not yet been definitely settled, it says of it:Š " We acknowledge with cheerful thankful-ness the religious utterances which from time to time have appeared in its platforms. It has definitely acknowledged almighty God as the source of all power in civil Government. It has declared for the maintenance of the Christian Sabbath. Some of its State plat-forms have avowed the purpose of the party to be to apply the principles of the Christian religion to our whole political life, and several county platforms have made express ac-knowledgment  of Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations. These are new utterances in Ameri-can politics. They 'have no precedent and no parallel in the history of parties among us. They have awakened the brightest hopes among those who feel that the question of all, questions, of which the temperance question itself, in its deepest aspects, is only a part, is whether we shall maintain or shall forego our national Christianity." This shows that the National Reform As-sociation, of which the Statesman is the chief organ, looks with great expectation to the ris-ing Prohibition party to hirther its aims. That its expectations are based on reason appears not only from the above, but from Many other things. In last month's SENTINEL, page 94, there appeared "a short article showing from the statement of an intelligent Prohibi-tion worker that the Prohibition party is the Church and State party. These are points enough to show that the  SENTINEL could not be true to itself if it did not antagonize, not temperance, nor Consti-tutional Prohibition, but that which consti-tutes the chief work of the nominally prohibi-tion party. When the Republicam party, or any other party, makes religion an issue, we shall oppose its work just as vigorously. We should oppose them as vigorously even if they were advocated by the church of which we are members. E. J. W. -4 Ł Ł A National Reform Ally. ONE of the notices recently posted up by the infamous association known as White Caps, read as follows: "God hates liars and perjurers and adulterers. The White Cappers are the Lord's chosen people to wreak his vengeance on the wicked and the unjust." The National Reformers have in this band of midnight marauders a strong ally. The principles of the White Caps are identical with those of the National Reform Association. Both parties think that they are specially chosen of God to execute his laws, and to preserve morality. There is no difference except in their methods of work, and that is a minor matter. The White Caps have just as much reason to suppose that the Lord has called, them to the work of purifying this Nation' as the National Reformers have to imagine that they are the ones to conquer the world to Christ, and -then to make him King over it. If the Lord calls people to a work he also tells them how to do it, so that National Reformers have no occasion to con-demn the other party. As a matter or fact, neither party has any just conception what-ever of God or his Government, or they would not think themselves capable of acting as his deputies in administering it. "For it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord." Freedom in Religion. ONE fatal mistake which has contributed to support the throne of Intolerance, is to suppose that people may be made religious by force; that torturing and mangling the body may benefit the soul. To me it appears much more self-evident that if a man has not a religion of his own choice, he can have none at all. A man may be constrained to dissemble what he really is, and to affect to be what he is not; but he cannot be com-pelled to be a servant of God. Children in religion ought to know that God is the happy God, and that he does not admit of a mis-erable and slavish service; that  he is a spirit, and requires to be worshiped in spirit and in truth.. Whether worshiping in truth sig-nify worshiping in sincerity, or in the simplic-ity of the gospel, in distinction from the complicated forms of the law, is immaterial; the human spirit, and all that can be of serv-ice to it, in the adoration of the divine Spirit, is equally beyond the sphere of violence. To employ force in propagating religion, or maintaining it where it has been propagated, is to offer it a dishonorable and pernicious service. To attempt compelling a man to be- 