JULY '27, 1893. ..4101Ma1t CA. N SEN` , rNE1`  0 '237 The story of modern missions has many times recorded how men of faith in the promises have refused to forsake the Lord and put their trust in earthly power in time of danger, and have found the God of Ezra their God. Of the fast which he proclaimed at the river of Ahava, Ezra has left this testimony as a lesson to the gospel worker in all time :Š For I was ashamed to require of the king a band of soldiers and horsemen to help us against the enemy in the way: because we had spoken unto the king, saying, The hand of our God is upon all them for good that seek him ; but his power and his wrath is against all them that forsake him. So we fasted and besought our God for this; and he was intreated of us. Ezra 8: 22, 23. In India the triumphs of missions began amidst the opposition of the government. Latterly, the cause of missions in India has had more to fear from the friendship of government than formerly from its enmity. So far as it has been absolutely neutral, it has helped the cause of mis-sions by preserving civil order, the object to which all government is divinely or-dained. Thus, an Indian official of thirty years' service, W. Mackworth Young, said recently in the Church Missionary Intelligencer :Š By firmly adhering to the principle that the weapons of the State may not be used in matters of conscience it has prepared the way for the will-ing reception of the gospel in the hearts and con-sciences of the people of this land. Inconsistently enough, some Church people have been the greatest opponents of this just principle. This writer further says :Š It is not lawful for us as officials to employ the organization of the State for influencing the con-sciences of those over whom, for specific purposes, we have received authority. . . There are some who think that the official conscience on this mat-ter is perverted; that we have been placed here in authority in order that we may use that authority for the dissemination of Christian truth; that gov-ernment ought to have insisted that the Bible should be read in its schools; that caste ought to have been put down by law long ago. Perhaps not many go so far as this, which would, in my opinion, amount to making use of unlawful means, carnal weapons, for fighting our unseen foes. Wherever the administration has de-parted from this principle, instead of favoring the true cause of missions, it has hindered it. More than one instance might be given of this. Let us take one, which has only recently been clearly em-phasized. In the educational despatch of 1854, Sir Charles Wood said of the gov-ernment schools:Š These institutions were founded for the benefit of the whole population of India ; and in order to effect their object it was and is indispensable that the education conveyed in them should be exclu-sively secular. The Bible is, we understand, placed in the libraries of the colleges and schools, and the pupils are free to consult it. But the same despatch went beyo.nd this. It granted government aid to private educational institutions, and the mission schools were allowed to participate in this State aid. Undoubtedly it was for the benefit of these institutions and through the influence of missions that this step was taken. Although it was open to Hindus and Mahommedans to receive the same help, in the nature of the case there is very little use of the favor made by them. What has been the influence of this? We will let evangelical workers, who speak from personal knowledge, tell it. A few months ago, at the Decennial Missionary Conference in Bombay, the friends of social purity among the mis-sionaries tried to get the assembly to pro-test against the government licensing of  vice, and failed, although this scandalous business has grown to be a colossal depart-ment of State. The reason for the failure is thus stated by Mr. Henry Varley, the well-known English evangelist, who writes to the Missionary Review of the World :Š No man can speak out persistently and courage-ously of these questions with,  ut running the risk of social ostracism. The voice of the " social set " in Bombay is in favor of a conspiracy of silence. Certain missionaries, ministers, and principals and professors of certain Christian colleges simply do not speak out. These institutions receive govern-ment money, and they cannot consistently do this and then take a strong stand against the wrong-doing of the government. Of the work done in these colleges, which were a power in the days of their establishment, he says, " Cases of real conversion to God are rare, and training in order to pastoral position or work is scarcely known." In Exeter Hall, Lon-don, a meeting of Christian workers was called to review the attitude of the Mis-sionary Conference, and according to a report in the London Christian, Hugh Price HughesŠ Made it clear that the real hindrance in India lies with the missionaries who are in the more influen-tial positions, and who come in contact with gov-ernment officialism, and are leavened with its views. And Dr. Pentecost, who has been in and out in India, speaking of the early workers in India, said:Š They made converts to Christ; we are educating Brahmins to be our enemies. We want leaders not misleaders of our missionaries. We must cut loose from government support, and our missionaries must be sustained by Christian money, and not be fettered for the sake of the few hundred thousand rupees received in grants from government. Thus, in mission fields is being repeated the sad error of Church and State alliance, with the same weakening of the moral power of the Church that has been the history of such union in all time and all lands. God forbid that the rank and file of the missionaries laboring in the strong-holds of paganism shall ever be held by false principles to put their trust in princes or lean upon earthly power. They of faith have with them a stronger than earthly power; for the promise is, " Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." W. A. SPICER. A Warning to Fanatics. A FANATICAL Sabbatarian meeting was held in Boston, a couple of months ago, to protest against Sunday opening of the World's Fair. A preacher who was pres-ent in an official capacity introduced to the audience Congressman " Sunrise Stove Polish " Morse as a speaker who would call down fire from heaven " on the World's Fair unless its gates should be hermetically sealed on the Sabbath. It was at the same meeting that another pul-pit-shrieker said the troops should be called out to shoot the people who sought to enter the Fair gates on Sunday. Whether the World's Fair should be open Sunday or not is a question not to be de-cided by such exhibitions of fanaticism. The malignant impiety of these fanatics must have received something like a re-buke, if not a shock, by the terrible ca-tastrophe last Monday at the World's Fair grounds. Fire did not descend from heaven, but it was kindled by natural cause in a building within the walls, and the loss of life in the flames was appal-ling, while the torture from physical in-juries caused by the fire was terrible. The survivors of the disaster suffered more than the agonies of death, as they were  rescued from the flames, fire-blasted, with broken limbs, crushed and maimed, many of them, for life. It was this awful dis. aster which the alleged Christian gospel meeting at Boston invoked on the Fair. Yet the judgment of these ultra-right-eous people went wildly astray. It was not World's Fair property that was de-stroyed, nor World's Fair people respon-sible for Sunday opening, who perished in this holocaust, or whose burned and lacerated remnants of humanity were car-ried to the hospitals. The burned ware-house did not belong to the Fair corpora-tion. The property belonged to private owners. Though inside the Fair grounds, it was closed for business on. Sunday. The fire did not occur on Sunday, but on a week day. The victims of the fire were the men hired by the city of Chicago as members of its fire department. They died in the discharge of their desperate duty as the soldiers of the union died in battle during the war. The most precious sacrifice of human life is that which oc-curs when a man dies to secure the safety of others, or when he dies in a sacred cause. The last fluttering breath of each man who died in the fire at Jackson Park is a more acceptable offering to Heaven than all the prayers that ever proceeded from the lips of the Boston religious fa- - natics whose incendiary imprecation on the World's Fair is recalled by this awful event.ŠChicago Herald. A Baptist on Religious Liberty. No people in the early history of this country were made to feel in a most ef-fectual manner the results of an intolerant religious bigotry more than the Baptists. They were regarded with perfect hatred by the New England Puritans, who nick-named them " Anabaptists," and history records the fact that a certain " Rev." Thos. Shepard, of Charleston, in a sermon designed for the Governor and Magis-trates, by way of information (?) delivered just after the banishment of Roger Wil-liams, stated that " Anabaptists had ever been looked at by the godly leaders of this people as a scab," and the President of Harvard College said that " such a rough thing as a New England Anabaptist is not to be handled over tenderly." The persecutions and banishments that were inflicted on this people in the years that followed aroused them to a true sense of what religious liberty meant, and to them is due much for the stand that was taken through the efforts of Madison and Jeffer-son, which made this the first Government in all history that declared in favor of a total separation between the Church and State. But of late years, their voice has to a large degree been hushed, as it were, on this subject, and quite a large number of them are found enrolled with that class of religionists who are clamoring for a civil law to enforce the observance of Sunday as a day of worship. Int' eed, at the attempted closing of Marlow Theater, in Chicago, last August, which was d one largely at the instigation of the Baptists of the suburban town in which the theater was located, if the reports of the city papers at the time are to be relied upon, they showed forth a degree of religious intolerance scarcely to be credited to them. However, it is refreshing to know that not all of the denomination entertain this spirit, as witness the following from Rev. W. P. Throgmorton, of Ft. Smith, Ark-ansas, in the Young People's Union, as 