AMERICAN SENTINEL. 279 will not down that it is essentially mischievous and mis-leading for a man to use the moral prestige of the pul-pit, which comes to him solely as a religious teacher, as the sanction for any kind of political partisanship. The State and Sabbath Observance. THE following observations on the subject of a state-enforced Sabbath are made by the Jewish Exponent. They are worth noting and remembering:Š "The rough hand of the state injures the delicate structure of faith. It materializes and secularizes it. It provides a form, and men learn to regard the empty form as the entire substance. It is entirely powerless to breathe a spirit into these forms. It imposes these forms upon a people who are steadily growing further and further away from their purpose; with the result that they become an oppressive burden; a hateful and detested constraint, to be burst asunder if at all possi-ble; or, if not, to be evaded and escaped from until law-lessness ceases to be an offense in the eyes of the people. "The Christian world does not know what is the matter. It complains of Sabbathlessness, of the holiday-making spirit prevalent on the day, of the decrease in church attendance. It turns hither and thither and at-taches the blame upon this and that. It endeavors to make the laws more rigorous, or at least to prevent their modification or amelioration in any way in re-sponse to public opinion. "The truth is, the state cannot make a Sabbath; it can but injure its true observance. Israel is in a measure blessed, that it has no state imposed Sabbath. Those who observe the Jewish Sabbath do it out of the fulness of religious conviction, from a due recognition of the sanctifying power of the day, not in accordance with fashion, nor under compulsion from the mailed hand of the secular law. We ask no state assistance, we but claim the right to be unmolested and that the sacrifice demanded of us for maintaining this priceless boon for humanity in all its integrity shall not be too severe. Give us an equal chance, and do not compel us, if we observe our Sabbath, to lose our means of livelihood on another day as well." THE Iowa State Register for March 29, published a long editorial on Sunday labor in Des Moines. It in-dicates that great stagnation in business has prevailed for a long time in that city; that with the revival of business, certain contractors have continued their work of building on Sunday, for which they have been sharply condemned by local clergymen. The contractors claim that the work is a matter of necessity, and that the men, three sets of them, working eight hours each, are anxious to labor in this way, because they have been without employment for so long; that no one is com-pelled to work more than six days unless he chooses so to do. The contractors and laborers claim that the Sabbath law requires them to work six days, and that since Sunday is in no sense a sacred day, according to the Bible, they do no wrong even if they work seven. It is admitted by all that the workmen thus engaged are in no way disorderly, and that the peace of the city is neither endangered nor disturbed. This incident indi- cates the general state of public opinion concerning Sun-day labor, and the failure of all appeals made by clergy-men against such labor on the ground that it is unbiblical or sinful.ŠSabbath Recorder. The Town of Bondage. BY FRANCES E. BOLTON. ME thought I dreamed a dream, like the old tinker that lay in a dungeon, and lo, I stepped through a nar-row bypath a little on from the town of Legality, be-cause I was curious to see what made the clouds of what seemed a great fife. And I came suddenly upon a warden at a gateway of a certain city. "What town is this?" said I. "It is the town of Bondage," he answered gloomily. "And may I enter?" I asked. "What would you in the town?" he said. "You see these high walls upon whose towers the sentinels stand. He who enters, goes not out save by a secret way, that is unknown even to me, and none of our officials have yet discovered it. Yet once in a while they have heard the shout of one who was delivered. Will you risk it?" "I have credentials to carry me safe to the city of Liberty," I answered. "No doubt these will be respected in securing me exit." Then the great gate creaked on its rusty hinges, and I entered the town of Bondage. For a moment a great dread came upon me: for on every side men worked in chains, and there was a sound of groaning and of dripŁ ping tears. I looked on their face with pity and horror; for they were wan and despairing, and had marks o cruel usage. The garments of many were wet and stained with blood, and their footprints were marked in blood. The walks themselves were slippery and black, as though thousands of bleeding pilgrim feet had left their stains thereon. When I could turn away my eyes from these sorrow-ful toilers, I looked to see the buildings They all had the look of prisons, with -mighty portcullis, draw bridge, and barred windows. Some were in process of building; and, behold, as they mixed the mortar, I saw it was mixed with tears, and the cement was made with blood. Above the town was no trace of a blue heaven. A heavy cloud smothered out the light, and a dark crimson color made it angry looking, and methought I saw a hand holding dark bolts, and sword-like flames. Yet was the hand and the vision dim. Presently I was met by one whose eyes stood out for fatness. He bore a great chain of keys, and said, "I perceive that thou art a stranger. What wouldst thou here?" "I came, sir, in curiosity at first, to see what made yon awful darkness. Your warden permitted me to en-ter. And I would see the wonders of your city. Is it a prison place?" 