AMERICAN SENTINEL. 25 was made, they were certainly so when Spanish sover-eignty in Cuba came to an end, and the ceremonies on that occasion must be harmonized with this fact, if the declaration meant anything at all. But harmony be-tween them cannot possibly be established. The cere-monies indicated the sovereignty of the United States as succeeding to that of Spain, and the full subjection of the Cuban people to the new authority. NATURALLY, the Cubans were not all quite contented over this treatment by a power which had professed to be their friend. It became evident that some of them were "malcontents." Whereupon General Brooke, the American in command, declared his intention of visiting all such with "absolute annihilation." This suggests nothing so much as the regime of the late Spanish Gen-eral Weyler. THE attitude of the United States on this occasion cannot be justified on the ground that it was solely a triumph of the American arms. During thirteen years out of the last thirty, the Cuban forces have been in arms against Spain, andbut for their work in wearing out the forces and exhausting the resources of Spain, it is more than probable that the brief and victorious campaign at Santiago would not be an accomplished fact to-day. The American army was barely able to compel the sur-render of the Spanish forces there before being them-selves compelled to surrender to the deadly fever, and had Spain been in condit!on to make a more vigorous defense, the scale might have balanced in her favor. The American forces only struck the final blow, which the Cubans by heroic sacrifice had made possible; and now, to deprive them of participation in the final triumph, after a longer and more heroic struggle for freedom than that by which America achieved her own independence, and force them instead into the attitude of a conquered people, is a proceeding which speaks volumes concerning the amount of freedom and independence which the con-quering nation is likely to bestow upon them. * * * CUBA at the present time presents a fair field for the enterprising speculator, and with a nation of enterpris-ing speculators ready at hand to take advantage of the opportunities it offers, it is easy to foresee the time when the retention of American authority over Cuba will be imperatively demanded for the protection of the inter-ests of American citizens. In view of all these facts, the day when the Cuban people will be actually "free and in-dependent" as the resolution of Congress declared, is cer-tainly not yet in sight. * * * OWING to the friction between the Vatican and the Italian government, the former was not invited to par-ticipate in the czar's peace congress. To manifest his  displeasure at this, the pope, it is reported, has refused to allow Archbishop Ireland to be present as the repre-sentative of the United States. We hope he will not re-consider his refusal. Sunday Law Agitation in Montana. THE State of Montana is agitated by a movement to secure a Sunday-closing law. Petitions are being circu-lated for signatures, to be presented to the legislature, and an address "To the business men and women of Montana," has been prepared, signed by forty business firms in the State, setting forth "some reasons" why such a law should be had. No doubt a strong pressure will be brought to bear on the legislature to secure the law, and it is not unlikely that the legislature may ac-cede to the demand. The present Sunday law of Montana prohibits only the keeping opon on Sunday of " any play house, the-ater, dance house, hurdy-gurdy house, prize ring, or race grounds," and "any house or other habitation wherein any game of chance is played," or "any banking game at cards." It is now proposed to include honest and useful employment in the various lines of business enterprise, with these occupations of a distinctly im-moral nature. The address makes a number of statements setting forth the advantages of a weekly day of rest, which are proper enough as an argument for a voluntary observ-ance of the day, but fail entirely to prove the necessity or propriety of a rest enforced by law. An effort is made to show the necessity of an enforced Sunday, in the following statement:Š " The business men in numerous towns of our State, realizing the advantages of a seventh day of rest, have already tried , to secure it for themselves by means of local agreements to close all competing businesses. In some places this plan has succeeded fairly well for a little while; but, sooner or later, some one generally breaks the agreement, which usually leads all the rest to open 'their doors on the rest day, let they lose their trade. Thus the majority are forced to submit to a life of drudgery because one or two disregard the agreement that otherwise would have secured to them all, the lib-erty of rest and social enjoyment with their families. Hence we need a State law with penalties adequate to insure to us our rights in this matter, with no fear of loss to us by untrue competitors who do not keep a local agreement." The trouble with this statement is that it leaves out of consideration a most important fact touching this very point of a weekly rest, which has existed ever since the creation of man; and that is, that God himself has, provided a weekly day of rest for all men, and that day is the seventh daŁy of the week. "The seventh day is theŁ Sabbath of the Lord thy God." The business men therefore who have "realized the 