Q2$ AMt.111,1tA.Nr VOL. 8, National Reform in the South. The Soldier, a paper published. at Co-lumbia;  S. C., in the interests of the Sunday Sabbath, has, in its issue of June 15, about as much bald-faced Sunday sophistry and so-called National Reform as is ever seen in one paper. The Rev. Geo. S. Mott, vice-president of the American Sabbath Union;  has a long article entitled;  " Saturday or Sun-day, Which ?" in which he takes up the question of Sabbath observance as it is held by the Seventh-day Baptists and Seventh-day Adventists, -He says that while they "hold most of the doctrines designated as evangelical, and are a wealthy class of citizens," yet they "have placed themselves in antago-nism to the movements for preserving the safeguards which now protect Sunday. And this opposition on the part of the leaders has assumed a violence that par-takes of rancor, and a pride of opinion that will be satisfied with nothing short of the obliteration of Sunday from the creed of Christendom." " They confront and oppose the friends of Sunday by the press and before legislatures." " They hold that while the seventh day is the only Bible Sabbath, every one should be left perfectly free, so far as civil law is concerned, to observe any day, or no day at all, according to his own pleasure, or his own sense of duty to God. On this point their influence and arguments are necessarily on the side of those who would remove the safeguards which protect the civil side of Sunday." Now, put this with what we find in the same paper from the editor on the purely "civil side" of Sunday : " Seventh-day Sabbatarians are trying to break down our established day of rest and worship. Should they succeed in this, we would have no rest day. To destroy the one now existing would leave us Sabbathless, for they could establish no other." And then on the same page he asks the mourn-ful question: "If we give up our Sab-baths [civil Sundays] how shall we reach the people with the gospel ? " But what about these Sabbatarians? do they never reach any body with the gospel? It would seem so from this; yet "they hold most of the doctrines designated as evan-gelical." Well, if they hold " most of the doc-trines designated as evangelical " by these other churches, what is that which they do not hold ? It must be the " civil Sun-day," and as they have not this, they have not the gospel! Then what is that " gospel " by which these self-styled reformers mean to reach the people? It certainly can be none other than this civil Sunday. And how do they intend to " carry " this " gospel " to the people ? by going out into the world as sheep among wolves? No; for in speaking of the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday, The Soldier says: "We do not propose now to be de-feated by a mercenary and godless board of local managers, who thus defy God and man ;" and then, after calling the Local Directory of the World's Fair "in-corrigibly wicked" and " past hope" and " not only Sabbath breakers but swindlers and liars," and " virtually stealing the appropriation," the editor quotes from the Alabama Christian Advocate the follow-ing:Š The fact is the religious sentiment of this Christian country has suffered enough at the foul hands and putrid breath of the hoodlums,  gamblers, and scoffing infidels of the land. Is it possible that the executive head of this great NationŠthe PresidentŠwhose duty it is to see that the laws are enforced, will stand idly by, fold his hands, and see a Chicago rabble tread under foot a law of Congress? . . . Must the great princi-ples of American liberty be prostituted to baseness and corruption in order to foster the interests of a godless and shameless crew of shysters and char-latans? God forbid! Let the moral and religious forces of the country [the President and the mili-tia] be marshaled against this iniquitous plot and nefarious scheme of bad men. I need add no comment to these words; any one can see that such language comes not from Him who said, " If any man hear my words and believe not I judge him not, for I came not to judge the world but to save the world." And, " Put up again thy sword into his place, for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." What will become of " dissenters" when such men as these get control of the civil power? Surely the rack and thumbscrew can not be far distant. J. 0. JOHNSTON. Persecuting Sabbath-Keepers at Ford's Store, Maryland. ON Monday, June 26, 1893, Mr. Samuel Marvell served warrants of arrest upon Mr. Geo. W. Marvell and Mr. Atwood Bryan, charging them with Sabbath breaking, and notified them to appear on Wednesday, June 28, for trial. At one o'clock we were present. (The writer representing Atwood Bryan, who was not present.) The justice read the charge against Mr. Geo. W. Marvell. Seeing that the warrants were not properly drawn, we asked for them, so we could see exactly the trouble. Very reluctantly they were produced, and after going through them, we asked that the cases be postponed, on. the ground that we had not counsel. The justice then asked the con-stable if the hour we suggested suited him. We told the justice that we thought that as Mr. Marvell was constable, and that it was his duty to be present at the time mentioned, that it suited us, as our counsel, no doubt, would come on Monday evening's steamer, defend the case, and return in the morning. So the justice postponed the case to suit our conveni-ence. When that decision was made the spirit of the dragon began to rise. We left as our business had been attended to. But the people worried the justice so that he ran 300 or 400 yards to catch us, and said that the people back there had said he had done wrong; that they had come there as witnesses on the case, and wanted it to go on. We told him that it would be better for him not to listen to the wit-nesses and opposers, that his instructions should come from Mr. P. B. Hopper, the State Attorney. We also said that if Mr. Hopper had been present, that without a doubt both cases would have been dis-charged, as we were not brought before him with any charges whatsoever. So we declined to go back until the appointed hour on Monday, July 3, at 7.30 o'clock. At the appointed time the prisoners Mr. Geo. W. Marvell and Mr. Atwood Bryan, with their counsel, J. T. Ringgold, were present. The hall was crowded on the inside, a number of ladies being present, and some ladies who are opposed to us were on the outside. They came to see our brethren go to jail, but were ashamed to let any one see that they were so much interested. We estimate the attendance at from 175 to 200. Before the witnesses were put upon the stand, Mr. Ringgold argued that Mr. Geo. W. Marvell was not there upon any charge whatever, as the writ did not charge him with any crime. The justice could not see the point, or did not want to,  see it, and would not dismiss the case, but held it under advisement. He said he thought it would take him another week to decide whether the accused was legally before him or not. Mr. Atwood Bryan's case was then taken up. The warrant charged Mr. Bryan with Sabbath-breaking. Such a thing or crime, Mr. Ringgold says, is un-known to the Maryland law, and that the warrant was not such as to bring the man before him. Ł But the justice claimed that the warrant was only a summons, and that the charge was on his docket for manual labor, and that he should try the case if we were ready. Of course, we were ready, and the trial proceeded with Wm. Lloyd Ford as first witness for the State: Justice,ŠTell the court what you know about Mr. Bryan working on Sunday. [Mr. Ringgold objected to that as the charge was made for breaking the Sabbath.] Justice.ŠTell the court what you know about Mr. Bryan's working. Witness.ŠI saw Mr. Bryan between 9 and 10 o'clock on Sunday doing manual labor. [The justice asked no more questions and the de-fense took the witness.] Mr. Ringgold.ŠMr. Ford, will you swear that you saw Mr. Bryan on the Sabbath day doing manual labor? Witness.ŠI saw him working on the Christian Sabbath. Mr. Ringgold.ŠNever mind the Christian Sab-bath. Mr. Bryan is not charged with breaking the Christian Sabbath; he is charged with breaking the Sabbath. Witness.ŠSunday is my Sabbath. Mr. Ringgold.ŠMr. Witness, will you show me in this warrant where Ford's Sabbath is? Witness.ŠI will not answer. . [At that time the dragon spirit began to rise, and the opposers who could not get in commenced to shout at the counsel, and another on the inside told witness not to answer the question.] Mr. Ringgold.ŠMr. Justice, if this is not stopped I want warrants for the arrest of these men for contempt of court. [When they saw that our counsel would have no foolishness, they quieted down like lambs.] Mr. Ringgold.ŠMr. Witness, will you swear pos-itively that Mr. Bryan did work upon the Sabbath? Witness.ŠI will. Mr. Ringgold.ŠWhere were you standing when you saw him, and what was prisoner doing? Witness.ŠI was at Mr. Taylor's, and I saw some one raising something up and down as if digging. Mr. Ringgold.ŠCan you swear what he was rais-ing up and down P Witness.ŠI cannot. Mr. Ringgold.ŠHow far were you off ? Witness.ŠThree hundred yards (about). Mr. Ringgold.ŠDo you know if he was doing manual labor or work of necessity? Witness.ŠI do not; but I came within one hun-dred yards of him and saw him pick up his ax and cut some wood. Then he picked up something like a shovel and was shoveling something. Mr. Ringgold.ŠCan you swear what Mr. Bryan was doing was not a work of necessity? Witness.ŠI cannot. Mr. Wm. Taylor was the next witness called. He gave the same testimony as his fellow-detective missionary or mission, ary detective, excepting he could swear at three hundred yards that Mr. Bryan was using a hoe. He has to wear glasses to read. Mr. Ringgold.ŠMr. Taylor, why did you have Mr. Bryan arrested? .Witness.ŠI love Mr. Bryan. I love everybody, and I did it so he would do right and go to heaven. Mr. Ringgold.ŠSo you thought that a fine of 0.00 or thirty days in jail would send him to heaven, did you? [Witness would not answer.] Mr. Ringgold.ŠWill you swear that the work Mr. Bryan was doing was not a work of necessity? Witness.ŠNo, sir. Mr. Ringgold,ŠWill you swear that Mr. Bryan was breaking the Sabbath? Witness.ŠNo, sir. Mr. Ringgold.ŠDo you know if Mr. Bryan was 