'380 THE ANIERIeAN SENTINEL. `have guessed the number of church members who were above twenty-one years of age, and put that number down, and thus have presented a little more nearly the appearance of honest dealing; but they resolved to run no risk of making. a mistake in number, and so put down the whole number, thus deliberately perpetrating a base fraud. It may well be said that no attempt was made to deceive, because the fraud is so transpar-ent -that no one in his senses could be deceived ; but the imposition was none the less on that account. Ł If anyone asks what this has to do with the reasons why we oppose religious legislation, we reply that it has a great deal to do with it. Truth is never advanced by fraud; it cannot be. Truth never seeks to gain its ends by trick-ery, for that would defeat them. Truth has a natural-  and irreconcilable repugnance for error and falsehood, but wickedness can be fostered only by deceit. Therefore when any movement seeks to advance itself by any fraudulent means, there can be no better evidence that it is a wicked affair. In every age, from the time of Constantine until now, religious legislation by civil power has been built up by fraud, vindic-tive selfishness, and perjury. From what has already been given, therefore, it is plainly evident that the movement in this country for a national Sunday law is a move-ment for religious legislation, and that this move-ment is a' most wickedly selfish attempt on the part of a few people to get control of the govern-ment; a deliberate design to overturn the just and inalienable rights of the majority who either conscientiously differ with themi  or else are in-different; and a settled determination to perse-cute even -to death those who do -not tamely yield' to their usurpation of authority. It is the worst phase of anarchy that has ever appeared in this country, and should be opposed by every true American citizen. Another, and the chief reason why we oppose religious legislation, is that, no matter how sincere and conscientious its 'advocates may be, its influ-ence can be only to bar the progress of true re-ligion, and to propagate immorality. The proof of this is ample. We will begin with the argu-ment for the suppression of Sunday newspapers. The National Presbyterian, of January, 1889, in .an editorial on "-The Church and the Sunday Newspaper," said :Š . " The responsibility of the church for the continued existence of the Sunday newspaper is beginning to - attract the attention of thoughtful men. It is a fact which it is idle to attempt to conceal, that it is sus-tained by the patronage of the members of the evan-gelical churches. It is the support given them by this class, and this alone, that makes it practicable,  to continue the publication of these papers. The re-sponsibility, then, of this great and growing evil is with the church." ŁThe Chicago Advance of January 24, 1889, contained an article by Rev. Geo. C. Noyes, D.D., entitled, "The Sunday Newspaper,Šan Expostulation," in which it was stated:- - " If all the Christian people in, the -land who read _ or adyertise in the Sunday papers were to withdraw their patronage, the publication of every one of them would cease within a month. Upon Christian people rests the responsibility of their continued publica-tion." The Rev. Herrick Johnson, in his published speech upon the Sunday newspaper, brings this indictment against it :Š " It is tempting hundreds and thousands to stay away frofnthe sanctuary, and making it manifold harder for the -truth to reach those who go. Ruskin  says, in view of the thronging activities of our times, the rush and roar of our busy life, the push and press and ambitions of trade, a minister on Sunday morn-ing has just ',thirty minutes to rake the dead in. The Sunday newspaper is another lige stone laid on that sepulcher, making it just so muc*,  haoler to raise the dead." Again he says:Š " This is the fearful indictment against it, that it is keeping an army of , workmen from the day of rest they ought to have. It is educating an army of newsboys to trample on the Sabbath, and so coun-teracting the best influences that Christian peo-ple are making to throw around them. . . . It is honeycombing society with false notions about the Sabbath; and it is deadening the spiritual sensibilities even of many of the people of God." Now, here is an acknowledged evil in the church; professed Christian people are having their spiritual sensibilities deadened, and are openly violating their church obligations; and what is the remedy proposed ? Is it a revival of religion? or increased zeal on the part of the ministry ? Oh, no ; it is to have the State sup-press the thing which is leading them astray. What is the plan proposed to enable the minis-ter to reach the people? Is it to ask the aid of the Holy Spirit ?ŠNot at all; it is only to ask the aid of the State to suppress the Sunday news-paper. Thus the effect of religious legislation is to substitute the power of the State for the power of the Spirit of God. It surely can need no ar-gument to show that the religion thus fostered will be only a hollow shell. It will be State re-ligion, and not the religion of the Spirit of God. The State may force people to church, and may enforce a form of religion, but the Spirit of God alone can reach the heart; and without this power an enforced form is worse than useless, -since many people will trust in that form, and will rest content with that alone. It is a most humiliating confession of weakness and wicked-ness, when the church asks the aid of the State. Take the statements cited from the National Pres- byterian and the Advance. Appeals for Sunday laws, based on such statements, amount to just this: " We,have so much evil in the churchŠso many disorderly membersŠthat we are unable to do anything; there are not enough conscientious members to discipline the disorderly ones; and not enough of the Spirit of God in the church to convert them; and so we must have the help of the State to enforee church discipline, and estab-lish a form of godliness." They do not realize that this is simply to re-ject God and to trust in the power of man. Says Bishop Vincent, "The church makes a great mistake when it seeks to secure worldly position, and to influence temporal power." "The abomi-nation of abominations is the aspiration after temporal power on the part of the church. All the church wants is spiritual power, and this goes - out when temporal power is invoked." Those who appeal to the _State to help the church in its struggles, should learn a lesson from Ezra. When he was on his journey from Babylon to Jerusalem to build the city, he had to, pass with women and children through a hostile country. He was greatly troubled; but instead of asking the king for a troop of soldiers to pro-tect his company, he fasted and prayed to the Lord. Says he For I was ashamed to require of4the king a band of soldiers and horsemen to help us against the enemy in the way; because we had krspolin unto the king saying, The hand of our God is upon all them for good that seek him; but his power and his wrath is against all them that forsake him: we fasted Then the Woman's Christian Temperance Un-ion, 200,000 strong, was added, to help swell the 14,000,000 list. But the very name of the association shows that all of its members are also members of the various Christian churches; and, therefore, they were counted in the denomi-nations that are represented by wholesale. Then, again, the Knights of Labor were counted over 200,000 strong, to help swell' the list. But, in the first place, many of these are members of churches, and so had already ap- peared in the count of those churches; in the second place, of the 219,000 Knights, probably not more than 200 were present in the assembly which passed a vote favoring the petition. And, lastly, the fraud that was perpetrated in counting the entire body .of the Knights of Labor as fa-voring the Sunday-law petition, is shown by a recent dispatch from Milwaukee to the Chicago Tribune. It stated that the Sunday-closing ques-tion was likely to cause a great deal _of trouble to politicians in Wisconsin. It mentioned the effort that was being made by some of the churches to secure Sunday legislation, and closed thus:Š " The proposition to hold a State mass convention for the purpose of organizing all over the State, has met with a great deal of favor, and will probably be put in effect sometime during the whiter. The work-ers are also trying to interest the Knights of Labor' in the movement." This would sound very strange in the face of theŁftct that it has been certified to Congress that the Knights of Labor, 219,000 strong, have al-ready indorsed the movement, did we not already know that that representation was a base fraud. By- this brief analysis of the pretended 14,000,-000-signature petition, we have shown that an ex-ceedingly small per cent. of the population.of the United States is working for Sunday laws; but there is another point which will very largely cut down even this small minority. The petition certifies that each one of its indorsers is an adult resident of the United States, twenty-one years of age, or more; yet the entire membership of all the churches was Counted, although it is well known that every large denomination has a large percentage of members who are less than twenty- one years of age. That- this fraudulent repre-sentation was deliberately planned is shown by the confession of the leading worker, the geld secretary of the American Sabbath Union. In attempting to defend himself and his co-workers from the charge of deliberate fraud in the matter, he made the following statement under oath:Š " It is-implied that some fraud was perpetrated be-cause the-whole membership of churches petitioning was given, not those above twenty-one only; but the records quoted show that there was no attempt to deceive. It is impossible to tell how many in a denomination are, under twenty-one, and so the whole number , is given." Who cares how many in a denomination are under twenty-one years of age? What has that to do with the securing of a Sunday law? The petition -‚has nothing to do with the -number in any denomination who are under twenty-one years of age, or who are, over twenty-one years of age. All it has to do is with the individuals who voluntarily sign it. If those who formed and cir-culated the petition had been honest in their in-tention, the question of how many in any denom-ination were or were not -under twenty-one years of age, would not have troubled them at all. But they were determined to swell their list of petitioners by every means possible. They could 