25c 4.00 3.00 2.60 2.60 3.00 5.00 THE AAZIERICAN SENTINEL. prevent an actual division in the ranks. The old management of the paper was appealed to, and to-day matters will be arranged in Philadelphia, and an attempt made to smooth over the trouble. " Mr. Crafts, who is about to retire from his brief career as head of the Association organ is well known in western Pennsylvania, where he has done considerable speaking at intervals for the Sabbata-rians." HEALTH FOODS. PURE CRACKERS AND BISCUITS, MANUFACTURED BY THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY. ESTABLISHED IN 1881. IT is worthy of note that among the different in-sane and devilish things unearthed by the effort to identify the bomb-thrower, whose deadly inten-tions toward Russell Sage recoiled upon himself, was the asserted existence of a bomb-throwing or-ganization "of a religious character" which, it was declared, "would be in ten years the largest and most influential in the country." That such an element of horror as this may yet become an active factor in the fanatical religious contest now brewing is not impossible. MISSIONARIES writing from Japan report the ques-tion of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair as a subject of discussion there, and urge that the course which is taken will have great influence in that country. Certainly, it will have great in-fluence everywhere, and those who are pressing the agitation have no understanding how world-wide it will be, nor how eternal in its lasting results. They know not what they do. WE manufacture a choice line of these goods, entirely free from lard and all adulterations, at the following prices:Š "A" Fruit Biscuits, white flour, sweetened, "B" 44 " whole wheat flour, " Lemon Cream Biscuits Graham Oatmeal 44 "A" Graham Crackers "B" not sweetened "A" Oatmeal " sweetened not sweetened "A" White Leavened <3,, Unleavened Whole Wheat Crackers Gluten Carbon a Cereola, a prepared grain food, in bulk "B" " prepared from wheat " " Pure Gluten, in packages Wheat " " Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains-only, a very choice and healthful drink, in one and half lb. packages These goods are put up in boxes, at the following prices, being  25 cents below the list prices:Š Fruit Biscuits, A and B, 31 lbs., per box Oatmeal " 30 " " " Graham " 26 " " " Lemon Cream Biscuits, 26 " " " Any of the above Crackers, quoted at 10 cents per lb.. 33 lbs., per box, Cereal Coffee, 25 packages The foods are all thoroughly cooked and ready for use by the addition of fluid. A selection of any one, or an assortment of all the above goods, to the value of eight dollars, will be sent on receipt of six dollars, being 25 per cent discount. In ordering please remember that the rate of freight on 25 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Festal Note. No private checks accepted. REFERENCES: To whom it may concern: We, the undersigned, residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co., has resided in Battle Creek for nearly 20 years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experience in his line of busi-ness, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. URIAH SMITH, editor Review and Herald. HoN. W. C. GAGE, Ex-Mayor. J. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. THOMAS H. BRIGGS, M. D. HON. GEORGE WILLARD, Pub. Journal. S. S. FRENCH, M. D. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Bank. M. RORABACHER, M. D. Hon. W. H. MASON, Postmaster. Hon. J. W. BAILEY, Ex-Mayor. T. E. SANDS, M. D. 66 per lb. 150 15c 12e 12c 12c 10c 10c 10c 10c 10c 10e 10e 30e 15e 10c 10c 40e 20c Address, BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO., Battle Creek, REV. W. E. PARSONS, chairman of the Board of Visitors to the penal and reformatory institutions of Washington, D. C., acording to the Washington Ł Post, has expressed himself thus:Š This Congress ought to appoint a commission to oversee all of our correctional and penal institu-tions. Reforms are badly needed in our police court. Men taken into custody Saturday are con-fined nearly forty-eight hours with little or nothing to eat, sweltering in the close stench of the police court cells, before they have a hearing. . . . A brief session of court Sunday morning to dispose of unquestioned cases would be in the interests of humanity. While one set of clergymen and supposed philan-thropists are striving to the utmost of their capacity to have all secular occupations, on Sunday done away with by legal enactment, here is another which proposes that the courts shall sit and try cases on Sunday. At first this seems a serious con-tradiction ; but things are not always what they seem, for when this is a Christian Nation, on the lines laid out by the National Reformers, the courts will all be ecclesiastical courts, and then why may they not, according to the tenets of a legal religion, sit for the trial of cases on Sunday at their discre-tion ? THE authorities of Plainfield, New Jersey, are giving strict attention to the enforcement of laws against the Sunday selling of liquor. Hotel pro-prietors have been fined one hundred dollars each, for permitting the Sunday sale of liquor on their premises, and the regular saloons and barrooms have been required to remove their screens and window shades, on Sunday, that they may be open to public inspection. As a temperance movement the closing of the saloons one day in seven is inexpres-sibly futile. But that is not the intent of Sunday closing, it is not an effort for the civil suppression of the liquor traffic, but is an attempt to enforce a moral reform and compel the liquor sellers to re-spect Sunday; and the general effort is begun with them because of the opportunity against them which their questionable occupation gives. THE city of Toronto has had a rigid Sunday law, so that not even the street cars are allowed to run on that day; but of late a discussion has arisen as to the propriety of permitting street-car service on Sunday as in other cities, CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE A DICTI°NARY, And Alphabetical Index TO THE BIBLE. Cloth, $1.25. Sheep, $2.50. ROBERT MORRISON, the Pioneer of Chinese MissionsŠBy Wm. J. Town-send, Sec. Methodist New Connexion Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. MISSIONARY LADIES IN FOREIGN LANDSŠBy Mrs. E. R. Pilman, author of "Heroines of the Mission fields," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. FAVORITE BIBLE STORIES FOR THE YOUNG Š With numerous illustrations. 16mo, handsomely illuminated board covers, 50 cents. ; cloth extra, 75 cents. THOMAS J. COMBER, Missionary PiŠoneer to the CongoŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully il-lustrated, cloth extra, price, 75 cents. SAMUEL CROWTHER, the Slave Boy who became Bishop of the NigerŠBy Jesse Page, author of " Bishop Patter-son." 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JAMES CHALMERS, Missionary and Explorer of Raratonga and New GuineaŠBy Wm. Robson, of the London Missionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. BISHOP PATTERSON, the Martyr of MelanesiaŠBy Jesse Page. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kennan went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, because no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. MEMOIRS OF EDWIN BAINBRIDGE.ŠThe subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tara wera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. ROBERT MOFFAT, the Missionary Hero of KurumanŠ?3y David J. Deane, author of " Martin Luther, the Reformer," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. GINN'S CLASSICAL ATLAS-4to, cloth, V. 50. This work contains 23 colored maps, which were projected and executed by the late A. Keith Johnson, with a complete in-dex. THE PILGRIM'S PROGRESS BY JOHN BUNYAN. Royal Octavo Edition in large type, and contains over 100 illustrations, 50 of which are full page. Cloth, with side stamp in ink and gold, $1.00. The above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. Address all orders to the PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 Bone STREET, NRW YORK OITYr OR OAKLAND, 0A.L. 