336 THE AMERICA NTINEL. V01. 4, No. 42. eTte Anrriesai2 OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, NOVEMBER 13, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. The Rural Californian, "a journal for the sub-urban and country homes," published by Heintz Lipe, Los Angeles, Cal., is a worthy magazine of more than usual value. No one who contem-plates settling in Southern California can do better than to subscribe for and read this journal. It will acquaint you with the State in advance of your coming. It can be had six months for Seventy-five cents; single number, fifteen cents. Ł Ł PROFESSOR BL A citiE, the eminent Scotch scientist, visited Oakland a short time ago, and since his return to his native land has published, in the Free Church of Scotland Monthly, his im-pressions of California, and more,  particularly of Oakland and San Francisco. Referring to the fact of this State living without a Sunday law, the, Professor says:Š " Unfortunately, unlike the other States, California haS no Sabbath law. Nor will it be easy to secure such a laW. In Oakland, which is to San Francisco what Birkenhead is to Liverpool, a meeting was lately held on the subject of a Sabbath law. When the meeting divided, one hundred and Ave were against any such thing, and only ninety-six-in favor." Thus the fame of " Mr. Crafts' Surprise Party," _ - as one of, our local papers called it, has spread abroad even to Scotland, making known the fact that California bad the independence to vote their convictions even in the face of one of the apostles of National Reform, so called. We say one of tho apostles of National Reform, because, in effect, the American Sabbath Union, which, on the oc- casion referred to, was represented by Mr. Crafts, is in effect auxiliary to, and a branch of, the Na-tional Reform Association. THE New York Tribune says, and says truly: "It is a singular fact that California has no Sunday law. There Was such a law, but it was repealed in 1883 ; yet it cannot be said that there is any less ob-servance of Sunday since the repeal of the law. On the contrary, an investigation shows that Sunday is observed more as a sacred day the present year than. it was the year the law was repealed." THE field secretary of the American Sabbath Union insists that that for which the organiza-tion is working is "a,civil Sabbath," that is, Sun-day rest enforced bylaw, not for religious reasons, but for the physical well-being of the masses. How does that correspond with the telegram re-ceived by the president of the constitutional con-vention at Bismarck, Dakota, from the president of the American Sabbath Union in New York City, urging the adoption of a provision "protect-ing and encouraging Sabbath observance" by forbidding ", work or trades" on the first day of the week, and requiring the Legislature to "pass laws regulating and encouraging the observance of the holy Sabbath by all the people." This was urged upon the conventiontthat the constitu-tion of the new State might be laid "upon the sure foundation of the divine word," The secretary's denial that what they demand is really religious legislation, will, we imagine, go for very little in the face of such an avowal from  his superior officer. We fear that, while the-secretary evidently has much of. the wisdom of, the serpent, he lacks the harmlessness of the dove. The president seems to be sadly deficient in both: THE Bible Echo, Melbourne, Australia, of October 1, has the following:Š "A large and influential meeting of the-citizens of Melbourne was convened at the Federal Coffee Palace to protest against the action of the gov-ernment in so summarily refusing to sanction the publication of a Sunday paper. The meeting Was addressed by Mr. W. H. L. Bailey, the prime mover in the enterprise, who stated that the government had granted him a copyright and received his money for the same. At the conclusion of the meeting, resolutions were adopted protesting against the action of the Lord's Day Observance Society in representing that they ex-pressed the voice of the people, and viewing with alarm the encroachment of the government upon the rights and privileges of private citizenship. "It certainly does not commend the inherent strength or stability of a religious institution that it must be sustained by such strict legal enforce-ments against the evident wishes of the commu-nity at large, nor will such an institution thus upheld ever exert a salutary influence over the morals of those who are so restrained." ..4  -- THERE lives in our city of Oakland a National Reformer of the most ultra type. He wants a man-made theocratic government in the United States, and his principal reason seems to be -in order that the people who work on Sunday may be summarily dealt with. Because under a real theocracy it was lawful to put men to death for Sabbath breaking, he can't see why it would not be right under.a counterfeit theocracy to put men to death for refusing to religiously observe Sun-day. He wanted to advocate this theory through the medium of the SENTINEL. And now he feels that he has been unfairly treated because we do not give him the use of our columns ad libitum, in which to further his wicked scheme. In the Christian Statesman of the 24th ult., referring to the SENTINEL, he uses this language :Š "It is not only a fiery foe-to Sabbath legislation, but it is so far from being a free journal it is cowardly. Occasionally it has permitted me to ,be heard in its columns; but time after time, for years, it has refused articles and communications in reply to their false positions and unfair charges against Reformers. Its editors are afraid to give a hearing to the truth." "CoWardly," forsooth! "Afraid to give a hearing to the truth!" Any journal which de-clines to open its columns to the advocacy of a governmental policy which, if fully carried out, would put to death its editors and publishers, must be cowardly indeed ! This is simply another specimen of characteristic National Reform logic. How many of that kind of "communications in reply to their false positions and unfair charges" would either of the National Reform organs publish to accommodate, their opponents ? Echo answers, How many? ONE of our last-page notes was utterly spoiled last week by the transposition of a line in making the final correction on the page proof. We therefore reproduce the note printed-correctlyras follows:Š The following is the Sunday plank from the Prohibition platform of the Massachusetts Prohi-bition convention:Š " Resolved, That we hold the religious liberty of our people among its highest possessions, and that chief among the blessint.: to be secured are the rest and peace of the Sabbath." *We find it somewhat difficult to -classify this utterance. It is certainly one of two things, either the result of a compromise, or it is an ex-_ ceedingly awkward attempt to make it appear that religious liberty demands the passage and enforcement of Sunday laws! But; in the very nature of the case, such laws do, of necessity, infringe religious liberty. Suppose that the Catholic Church were to insist on the passage of a law forbidding labor on good Friday, would not every Protestant say that it was an infringe-ment of religious liberty?ŠCertainly; but it would not be nearly so much go as is a Sunday law, for Good Friday occurs only once a year, while Sunday is a weekly festival, and it is just as much a religious institution as is Good Friday. They both belong to the church, and it is just as oppressive to enforce the observance of one as of the other. A CORRESPONDENT of the London Daily Tele-graph, in his report of the proceedings of the re-cent Paris Sunday Congress, says:Š " It will, undoubtedly, be a difficult task for any congress to bring about the general cessation of Sun- ' day labor on the continent. Of late years, however, it must be confessed that Paris has been showing a good example to the provinces in this matter, but it is to be regretted that Sunday observance in the cap-ital has not increased the attendances in the churches, but has rather been productive of more fun and fri-volity." Commenting upon this, another English paper (a religious journal, by the way) says:-- " It is in this, as in all matters of religious practice, the person who can be led by the moral argument does not need a law to compel him to follow out his convictions; and he who is not influenced by moral arguments is only cursed by coercion of conscience, A Christian Cause never seeks to gain its end by such means." This is sound and wholesome doctrine,- and it would be well for our zealous Sunday-law friends to make a note of the facts so-candidly-recognized by our English cousins. Romtsx priests and editors are busy trying to makeit appear that this is a Christian nation ; also the Protestants, who are clamoring for Con-gress to enact a Sunday-observance law. Will someone tell us how a State, a corporation with-out a soul, can be Christian? We can readily understand how the people of a nation can call themselves Christian, but suppose all the people of the United States were believers in Christ, would that make, the State, _which has neither entity, soul, or conscience, Christian? The State is the community formed for the protection of its citizens in their civil rights, to prevent crime, and afford all equal rights.ŠWestern American. THE AIVIEFIICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as.it is, so -far as regards religion- or religious tests, and - the,plaintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisinglyopposed to anything tending toWard a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single- Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00-  , In clubs of ten or more copies,-per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, singlp subscription, post-paid; -, 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 