424 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. "Is it worth any cost of money or bloodshed to the United States to force Christianity upon China? "Irrespective of the opinion of Bishop Cranston, or of anybody else, I should say 'No,' and emphatically `No.' "You cannot force Christianity upon any nation nor upon any people nor individual. You may force ecclesiasticism, an ecclesiastical system, upon a people or individual, but you cannot force Christianity. "A Christian is a person who makes a free, delib-erate and decided choice of Christ as his personal Sa-vior. A man who accepts the ecclesiastical system of Christianity through force can never be at heart a true and intelligent Christian. _"Ecclesiasticism has frequently been forced upon a people by stress of arms, and has always resulted disastrously. Any return to such a means of conver-sion would be a return to the barbaric methods of the middle ages. "The question is at once absurd and abhorrent. No Christian will ever take the sword to compel any people or peoples in matters of faith, and no man, not even a heathen, with a particle of manhood in him, would be so compelled. "Christianity will conquer, but it will conquer the world as the sun of spring conquers the frosts of win-terŠby the power of sunshine and love." This is sound, as to the principles involved, though we cannot share Mr. Vosburgh's confidence that Christianity will conquer the world in the sense which he probably contemplates. It is doubtful if genuine Christianity is holding its own in Christian lands. Moreover, the Scriptures do not teach the conversion of the world and a thousand years of peace before the second advent of Christ. According to the Bible the last days are to be days of commotion, strife, blood- shed and great wickedness, even among those profess-ing. godliness. A JEWISH OPINION. "Bishop Cranston, at least, possesses the virtue of frankness," remarks the Chicago Israelite, "and says right out in open meeting what less candid parsons think, and what they have always tried and are now trying to accomplish. The heathen Chinee must be made true and intelligent Christians, no matter how much blood it may cost. This is not precisely the doctrine taught by him who preached peace on earth and good-will to man, but it is exactly the practice of Christianity whenever and wherever it has the power to enforce its will." The sad part of it all is that such things are said and done in the name of Christianity. But even the Israelite admits that, "this is not precisely the doctrine taught by Him who preached peace on earth and good-will to men." And why cannot all men, both Jews and Gentiles, see that what He taught is Chris-tianity, and that anything contrary thereto is no part of Christianity ? The Scriptures themselves foretold a great apos-tasy from the truths of the gospel, and the Saviour  said : "The time cometli that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service." John 16:2. Certainly, in view of these facts, nobody ought to say that Christianity is responsible for the deeds of Rome or even for the words attributed to Bishop Cranston. "Roman Catholicism did not regard the Hugue-nots as 'true and intelligent Christians,' so they acted upon the identical proposition which Bishop Cranston now advances, and St. Bartholomew is on record to teach 'us how to inculcate a religion of love," bitterly remarks the Israelite. "The Protestants did as well by their Catholic brethren, and even to each other, when powerful enough to do so, and both treated the Jews according to the gentle Bishop's recipeŠto say nothing of other heathens, barbarians, infidels, here-tics, atheists, and similar dogs of unbelievers. The Bishop's readiness to break all the treaties ever made is also more in keeping with the practice than with the doctrine of his religion. Such a procedure would, no doubt, inspire great confidence in the good faith of the would-be teachers of heathens, who must be saved from soul destroying errors of their own belief and, likewise, from the bigotry of Russian Christianity." The conclusion reached by the Israelite is that "Bishop Cianston is more anxious to make Methodists than Christians of the Chinamen, and that accounts for his willingness to spend unlimited blood and moneyŠother people'sŠto accomplish that end. Christ or CranstonŠwhich one of them is the Chris-tian ?" There may be more truth in this conclusion than even the Bishop realizes. Intolerance, like hope, "springs eternal in the human breast." Even the mild John joined with James in the request to the Savoiur that he call down fire from heaven to consume cer- tain Samaritans because they received not the Lord. And too many to-day, forgetful of the Lord's rebuke to his ardent but misguided disciples, cherish the same spirit, and utter the same evil sentiment, thus misrep-resenting Christianity. "To listen to men like Cranston and his ilk one would be led to believe that Protestantism and Chris-tianity are synonymous," says the writer in the Israel-ite. "It is rather amusing to see a small faction of Christianity disown the great majority of that faith. Roman and Greek Catholicism are professed by an innumerably greater number of followers than is Pro-testantism. Yet the latter minority condemns the majority to outer darkness. What Christianity really is must be inferred from its predominant branch, espe-cially when the predominance is so great. Judged by this standard, which is the only fair one, the peoples of Roman Catholic countries will give a fair idea of what that religion does for those whom its influence has moulded." 