THE SENTINEL, OF Lu3sa-r V. 407 necessity of any particular war, it must be agreed that the effect of living in A CONSTANT WAR ATMOSPHERE Is not likely to be conducive to peace. It kindles the passion for fighting, and it makes war instead of peace seem the natural and normal thing. This effect has been vastly intensified by the multiplication of news-papers and the use of telegraphy, which plunges us all daily into the midst of every war going on. A century ago the progress of a war was a matter of slow rumor ; foreign nations sometimes hardly heard of one till it was over. The world has now been knit into a nerv-ous organism, every part of which is thrilled by a local disturbance. A morbid appetite for horrors is devel-oped, not unakin to that found in the amphitheaters of the Romans, and a day without a battle, a massacre, or an ambuscade at the very least, is disappointing. It is not hard to awaken the primitive passion for blood ; the difficulty is in quelling it. It is a time for peace advocates to redouble their efforts, while apos-tles of the "strenuous life" may well rest for a season from their labors. THE CONTRAST Between the two snap-shots of the world in 1890 and 1900 throws a strong light on the pace at which the world has been moving. The view 10 years ago showed a placid, smiling river ; now we see the boiling rapids of a torrent plunging toward what abyss no one knows. War has followed war with swift succession, the scene shifting from Greece to Cuba, from Cuba to the Soudan, from the Soudan to the Philippines, from the Philippines to South Africa, from there to China. What the next stroke will be, who shall say? In the tumult of new sensations it is hard to realize how far we have come, or how short a time has elapsed since an era of peace on earth, good will to men. Many a hater of war and cruelty has thought silently of the poet's bitter awakening from his dream of the golden years :- 0 cease! must hate and death return? Cease ! must men kill and die ? Cease! drain not to its dregs the urn of bitter proph-ecy. Yet the chief cause for disquietude among thought-ful men, who love the arts of peace, and look on war as wicked and hateful, is not that its baleful conflagra-tions are breaking out in so many places, but that so many reputable men should be found to POUR OIL ON THE FLAMES, Teaching the young that courage and manhood and honor decay unless they periodically go out and shoot each other, that it is the duty of strong races to crush the life out of weak and backward nations and reduce  all civilizations to one type. What more efficient ally could the cold, selfish greed of commercialism find? What force could so aggravate the craving for war which the world's daily butcher's bill creates ? It is easy to talk lightly of "pessimism ;" are the millions of people who io years ago hoped that the reign of peace had begun exactly satisfied with the situation since imperialism has got into the saddle ? The record of io years ago was dull and humdrum, but the world was moving steadily forward toward the ideal of the wise men of all ages. Can as much be said for the record of to-day ? An Instructive Contrast. The following paragraphs, the first from Benjamin Franklin, the second from Senator Lodge, illustrate well the wide difference between the spirit of the Rev-olutionary Fathers and the spirit that now animates not only the rulers of this country but of the world. Franklin said: "To me it seems that neither the obtaining nor re-taining any trade, how valuable soever, is an object for which men may justly spill each other's blood; that the true and sure means of extending and securing commerce are the goodness and cheapness of com-modities, and that the profits of no trade can ever be equal to the expense of compelling it and holding it by fleets and armies." Speaking in the Philadelphia convention, Senator Lodge said : "We do not mean that the Philippines shall come within our tariff system or become part of our body politic. * * * We make no hypocritical pretense of being interested in the Philippines solely on ac-count of others. * * * We see our duty to our-selves as well as to others. We believe in trade ex-pansion. By every legitimate means within the prov-ince of government and legislation we mean to stim-ulate the expansion of our trade and to open new markets. Greatest of all markets is China. * * * Manila, the prize of war, gives us inestimable advan-tages in developing that trade." It is the same spirit that is waging war in South Africa. Not long since Mr. Cecil Rhodes spoke of the English flag as "the most valuable commercial asset" of which he had any knowledge. It is this spirit which now, as never before, dominates the world. It is simply one of the signs of the rapidly approaching end of the age. A recent London dispatch says : "Russia's primary ambitions are territorial and inordinate ; she covets Northern China, Corea, Turkey, Persia, and India; her diplomacy is the ablest and the most unscrupu-lous in Europe; her military force is numerically the largest." 