452 -SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, JULY 21, 1898. OUR first-page illustration designed for this week has been delayed, but will appear in the next issue. THE President, by recent procla-mation, directed that the nation's thanks to God should be mingled with their rejoicings in view of the great successes achieved by the na-tional arms against the Spanish. In the nature of things this amounted to a request upon the church, to which of course they were willing enough to respond. It being a poor rule that will not work both ways, we may look for the churches to be making requests of the President one of these days. ONE of the many pleasant things to be observed at the meetings of the late Christian Endeavor conven-tion in Nashville, Tenn., was the abo-lition of the "color line" which is supposed to exist in every section of the South. Negroes and white peo-ple sat in the same seats, and no dis-crimination against the former was visible in any way. Two prominent speakers at the convention were negroes, and the finest music to which the audiences listened was furnished by the Fisk Jubilee singers, all col-ored. Jesus Christ died for all; hence there is no color line in Christianity and "in Christian endeavor. And to deny to one of dark color equality with those of lighter hue in point of natural right, does not tend to the uplifting of the former in the scale of moral and social worth. THE report of the committee of Congress appointed to investigate the character of the transaction by which the Methodist Book Concern at Nashville, Tenn., and its hired lob-byist, received $288,000 of the peo-ple's money, severely scores the agents of the Book Concern and the attorney who was given 35 per cent. of the collected claim. It absolves the M. E.,Church, South, from blame. The agents and the attorney claim  that it was none of the business of Congress as to what use was made of the money after Congress had paid it over to the Methodist institution; and in this they are clearly right. The suit was for damages, and as such was no more subject, properly, to a restriction upon the use to which it might be put than would be any claim for damages paid in any other suit. If the claim was just at all; the money was the absolute prop-erty of the claimant, and Congress could have no more right to say what should be done with it than it would have to dictate in such a mat-ter to any private citizen. The fact that the committee of Congress did assume the right to dictate upon this point shows that they recognized that the claimants had not a clear right to the money paid them. The party most deserving of cen-sure in this affair is the party by whose vote this church claim upon the people's money was recognized as valid and the principle of separa-tion between church and state vio- lated. That deception was practiced upon Congress in such a matter was only a natural incident in connection with a transaction thoroughly bad and thoroughly unamerican in prin-Ciple. ANOTHER Sunday-law decision is at hand, and it comes from the Supreme Court of the United States. The case is that of a New York City barber, Henry Havnor, who in 1895 refused to obey the barber Sunday law of this city, which prohibits barber work on Sundays after one o'clock P. M. The case was appealed to the State Supreme Court, then to the Court of Appeals, and now comes the decision of the Federal Supreme Court affirming the opinion given in these lower courts. Mr. Havnor's counsel contended that he was deprived of the equal protection of the laws by being forced to close his shop on Sun-days, and that such interference in his business was an unwarrantable exercise of the police power. Upon these points therefore a contrary verdict has been given by the highest court. THE report comes from "Camp Alger," one of the military camps of the volunteer army of the United States, of a proceeding under mili-tary authority which would disgrace any nation laying claim to civiliza-tion. It is quite proper, of course, to maintain camp discipline, even by rigid regulations; but in this case a private named Cooper, belonging to the 159th Indiana volunteers, was punished for being absent without leave, by being made to sit astride a sharp-edged "saw-horse," with hands and feet tied, for four hours under-neath a burning sun, and subjected the while to the jeers and taunts of his companions. His sentence, which was by court-martial, called for eight hours of this torture; but upon being taken down at the end of four hours the victim was unable to stand, and was carried to his tent, where for sev-eral days he remained in a critical condition, the account stating that he would probably "pull through." SUCH a mode of punishment is one that rivals the tortures of the Inqui-sition It was once practiced in the British army, but was long since abolished as a relic of medicevalism unfitted to survive among the cus-toms of an enlightened age. The Constitution of the United States declares that "cruel and un-usual punishments shall not be in-flicted" upon any persons subject to the laws of this Government. But the tendency of militarism is to over-ride all other power and authority. In its very nature it is essentially ar-bitrary and despotic. And this is done in the army by whose agency the Government is con-ducting a "holy war." Verily the in-cident savors of the "holy wars" of former times. Let us talk less loudly about the cruelties of Spanish rule which the Government is waging war to displace with our own high civili-zation. And as for a "holy war," it need only be said that such a war can be conducted only by a holy agency; a holy war cannot be waged with carnal weapons, or by other than holy men. 