42 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. not keep it where Christ has put it, in the hands of the church." This, we believe, is solid truth. The more the State is intrusted with the work that God has committed to the church, the weaker the church becomes in vital power; and soon the State becomes a dictator to the church in re- gard to both its teachings and its methods. And, with such a state of things as is de-manded by the National Reformers, it is im-possible for the State to be less than a dictator in religious matters. Thus Mr. Gault, in the Christian Statesman, marks out the duty of our Government as follows :Š " Our remedy for all these malific influences is to have the Government simply set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority be-hind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it." To appreciate the above, the reader must consider that Mr. Gault is a very loose writer, making no distinction between the moral law and religious tenets. We have said, and we repeat, that the State will teach, not the Bible, but "somebody's construction of the Bible ; " and then it must "lay its hand" on the con-struction of all others I And the construction which it will teach will be that of those who happen to be in authority at the time when the scheme takes effect. Now, of course, when the political complexion of the nation changes, when another class of rulers comes into power, a religion of another type may become the standard, " with God's authority behind it," according to the stereotyped phrase. In view of the fact that the religion and the church having the most political influence in the country is the Roman Catholic, and that, while the National Reformers profess great abhorrence of the Romish religion, they are willing to work with the Catholics on their own terms in favor of establishing a national relig-ion, the following remarks of Dr. Howard Crosby are well worthy of consideration :Š "How are we going to take the first step as to- the character of the religious instruction that is to be given to the children of the land ? Are we to find a sort of average that all will agree upon? Where is the average that all will agree upon? There are in this country between one-fourth and one-fifth of the whole population who have not the slightest sym-pathy with the forms of religion represented in this room to-night. Are we to leave them all out entirely and say to them, You are a minority and we have nothing to do with you; we are the majority and we are going to rule? Gentlemen, if. the State is to furnish religious instruction, there is another thing that it will have to furnish, and that is the Inquisition. That will be the legitimate outcome of relig-ious instruction by the State. It will be the logical issue to which you must come. If the State is going to teach religion, it will have to compel the people to receive that religion, and in order to do that it will have to have the strong arm of the Inquisition. But not only that. In your attempt to find out what sort of religion you are going to have taught in your schools and what kind of teachers you are to get to instruct, you have got to deny and destroy the foundation of American independ-ence, which is our boast, and the boast of our fathers, which brought us, under God, through the Revolution. The foundation of it all be-fore God is individual independence and mut-ual equality. Every man on this continent  stands exactly on the same platform with his neighbor, and no mere majority clothes any man in that majority with power to say, You must be taught my religion." The thoughtful reader may wonder how the Reformers will meet all these arguments. In truth they do not meet them; they affirm and re-affirm their figments, and, as Dr. Taylor says, they put forth propositions which seem to be pious, but are very short-sighted and unpracticable. Let them say what they will, they never can disguise the fact that their scheme, if successful, would result in continual contensions and religious disputes, until one party had proved itself conqueror in a strug-gle which would leave genuine piety trailing in the dust. To delegate the teaching of religion to the State is as great an incongruity as to turn a church meeting into apolitical caucus ; and, in truth, the latter will follow the former, for the Reformers have already decided that, in their millennium, the final decisions of civil, as well as ecclesiastical, questions will be made by the church. According to their plan, as has often been shown, the church will be the dominant power. And yet, it must be tram-meled in its religious activities by being bound to the civil power. Such an alliance must prove unprofitable to both the State and the church. Dr. Spear, in his work on " Religion and the State," has given us most excellent thoughts on this subject. Instance the following :Š " One would think that so simple a propo-sition as that which affirms the existence and inalienable character of the rights of a relig-ious conscience as above and beyond all hu-man authority, ought to have been among the earliest and most widely-extended discoveries of the race. The fact, however, is sadly the reverse. Of all the forms of wrong which men have suffered from each other, none have been less reasonable or more merciless and unrelenting than those of religious zeal armed with the civil power. There is no darker chap-ter in the history of Governments than that which chronicles their misdeeds in the attempt to administer and propagate religion. The attempt is a horrible human tyranny begun, and every step of the process is that tyranny continued." Dr. Spear also quotes from the decision of the Supreme Court of Ohio in the somewhat celebrated Cincinnati school case, from which we copy the following in regard to teaching religion in the public schools:Š It "violates the spirit of our constitutional guaranties, and is a State religion in embryo; that if we have no right to tax him [the citi-zen] to support worship, we have no right to tax him to support religious instruction; that to tax a man to put down his own religion is the very essence of tyranny; that, however small the tax, it is the first step in the direc-tion of an establishment of religion; and I should add that the first step in that direction is the fatal step, because it logically involves the last step." All of which confirms the declaration of Horace Mann, that "the principle involved in such a course is pregnant with all tyrannical consequences." And yet our modern Reformers insist that that is just what we need,Šreligious instruc-tion by the State, and a State religion,Što cure  all the ills of the body politic. In answer to this it is enough to say that many if not most of the great criminals of the day were brought up under religious instruction. Let them pon-der the following statement from the Church, Union :Š " Chaplain Bass, of the penitentiary in Brook-lyn, says that, twenty years ago only about, five per cent. of 'prisoners had previously been Sunday-school pupils, but that now seventy-five per cent. of actual and suspected criminals have been such. It is a sad showing. Pastor Crafts gives an account of an inebriate asylum where the per cent. is eighty, and another of fallen women where all have been in Sunday-schools. This is a growing evil. It is a most ominous one. A generation in Sunday-schools of habitual neglecters of the sanctuary is growing up. The term formerly applied to the schbol, `the nursery of the church,' is getting to be a ghastly satire. What shall be done? A hearty recognition of these facts and of the extent of the evil is of prime importance." It is not more religious instruction, certainly not compulsory religious instruction, that is needed, so much as a higher standard of relig-ious instruction. Compulsion in religious in-struction never wins respect, and State religion is necessarily of a low type, as may be easily shown. We cannot possibly have any guar-anty that the State will teach the true religion; that will depend altogether on the standing of the majority who decide whose religion shall be taught. And when we consider that the largest and most powerful religions in the world are the most corrupt, we leave it with the reader that, to take religion from the do-main of individual conscience, and make it a subject of legal-  decisions, is a most hazardous proceeding. J. H. W. The Pope in American Politics. THE following remarks we select from an article by James Powell, D. D., under the above heading, in the Advance. The article was called out by the action of the Pope summon-ing priest McGlynn to Rome to answer for his part in the Henry Georg'e campaign for mayor of New York City, last fall. " The fact is, the Pope claims the right, and exercises it, to interfere directly with American politics. This fact ought to be a startling message to the whole country. If any queen, king, or emperor on the face of the earth were to interfere with the politics of the country, as the Pope has done in this case, the war fever would take possession of the land inside of twenty-four hours. The silence of the press on this point is almost entirely owing to the dangerous character of the political teachings championed by the priest in advocating the electing of Henry George. Socialism is a justly dreaded evil because of its destructive doctrines, but the truth or falsity of political doctrines affects not the principle that foreign powers must not be allowed to interfere with the rights of American citizens. We give that principle away, when, without protesting against the interference, we commend the Pope for deal with Father McGlynn as he has. "Suppose that the priest had been silenced; and ordered to Rome to answer for openly de-fending our public-school system in opposi- 