APRIL 2, 1896. A.IDIIIET1,11 CAN SIEN'T 111 recognition, is the logical outcome of the spirituality of all true religionŠthat which makes it an individ-ual, personal thing, belonging exclusively to the sphere of conscience, a sphere into which the State cannot enter without sacrilegious intrusion into the relations which exist solely between man and God. The writer says, Amen! loud and strong. In the case of the men spoken of above, the observance of the seventh-day Sabbath, and the making a difference between it and other days of the week is a " personal thing belonging exclusively to the sphere of conscience, a sphere into which the State cannot enter with-out sacrilegious intrusion into the relations which exist between man [themselves] and God." No truer statement of the case can be made; and yet the State has interfered, and is now endeavoring to prevent these men from doing that which the Bible tells them to do. These men believe that the seventh day is holy time, and that the first day is not holy. They believe that God has commanded them to make a difference between the sacred and the profane. But the statute of Ontario, as construed by the court that convicted these men, ignores the matter of conscience, and endeavors to compel them to cease all labor on the first day. Has not the State then inter-fered in matters of religion? Has not the Baptist principle stated in the foregoing quo-tation, been violated? Above all, has not the Christ-principle been betrayed,Šsome of his professed followers trying to unite the kingdom which is not of this world with the govern- ments of earth? Following the quotation above given is an- other statement, purely true, as follows :Š For the same reason, all State teaching of religion in the schools is worthless or worse. If it is the duty of the government to enjoin and enforce religious ex-ercises and instruction in the schools, it is manifestly its duty to see to it that the teachers appointed for this work shall be qualified for it. This implies that it is the duty of the government of the day to make careful inquiry into the religious opinions and char-acters of all candidates for teachers' certificates. In other words, it must satisfy itself that any one who seeks license to teach shall be a truly religious man or woman; for how else can one teach religion? But before the government can grant certificates of quali-fication to teach religion, it must clearly decide what constitutes true religion, and make it known to its subjects. The proposition beginning with the word " if," is one that is now appealing in many ways to the citizens of the United States as well as in the Dominion; but if the truth of that supposition be granted, the conclusion of the Baptist follows as surely as the night the day. Why cannot men see the end of the road from the beginning? Why is it needful that this same path of oppression and death must needs be traveled so many times? God grant that thousands may rise to see the need of keeping a dividing line between the duties we owe to God and those we owe to (Cesar) the State. A BAD " law," we are told, ought to 'ibe enforced, as the speediest way of getting rid of it. What folly! Bad "law" is not law at all, for justice is law, and there cannot be such a thing as bad justice. Bad "law" is simply counterfeit law, and is no better than anything else that is counterfeit. There is in the country a considerable amount of counterfeit money. What shall be done with it ? Oh, circulate it; for then the people will raise an outcry, and we shall get rid of it! But the government is wise enough to promptly confiscate and destroy it when-ever it is discovered. Why cannot men be equally wise with respect to counterfeit law ? ARMENIA'S FAREWELL. IT is stated that " a highly educated, a prominent and influential Armenian in Tur-key has written a document declaring that the extinction of his race is not far distant." Following are some abstracts from a trans-lation sent to Boston by the author and re-ceived there only a few days since:Š " We are evidently a doomed people. A hundred thousand of us have been butchered and more than a million of us are in extreme suffering from hunger and cold and naked-ness. " Multitudes beyond the reach of foreign aid must inevitably perish before Spring. " As to the rest of us, our supplies of food and money are rapidly diminishing. We can prosecute no business, we are not at liberty to earn our daily bread and for even the most fortunate the future has only the prospect of starving a little later than our poor brethren. " We hear the announcement that order and peace are being restored, but to us these are empty words. " The terrible and wholesale massacre at Oorfa and Biridjik occurred long subsequent to the most solemn and emphatic assurances that nothing more of the kind was to be apprehendedŠlong after the commission sent out from Constantinople to carry the message of peace and reform to Armenia had reached its field of labor. " Massacres are not now so frequent as they were a few months ago, 'but the attitude of relentless hostility on the part of the Govern-ment towards us, the ferocious aspect of our Moslem neighbors has not a whit improved. " They seem to be eagerly watching for an opportune moment in which to finish their bloody work and rid themselves forever of this troublesome demand for reform. " May we not then rightfully offer our farewell message to our fellowmen ? " FirstŠTo our Moslem fellow-country-men: " We desire to express our deepest grati-tude to those of you who have sympathized with and helped us in these days of calamity and bloodshed. " Towards those who have robbed and massacred us and plundered and burned our houses, we have chiefly feelings of compas-sion. You have perhaps done these terrible things in what has seemed to you the service of your religion and government. " SecondŠto our SultanŠmost dread and potent Sovereign : " Apparently you have been persuaded that we are a rebellious people deserving only utter and speedy extermination. For such as you this work of destruction is no doubt an easy one, the more so that we have had neither the means nor the disposition to resist it. " ThirdŠto the European Powers: "We have not been an importunate nor a turbulent people. We did not excite the Crimean War, nor any of the subsequent wars which have stricken this empire. It is not of our will that we were begotten to a new poli-tical life by the treaty of 1856. " Our complaints and appeals have been based solely onŁ the sentiment of humanity and the common rights of man. It was you who arranged the scheme of reforms' and urged it upon our Sultan till he wasŁ irritated to the extent that he seems to have adopted the plan of ridding himself finally of this annoyance by exterminating us as a people, and now, while he is relentlessly carrying out this plan you are standing by as spectators and wj,tnesses of this bloody work. " We wonder if sympathy and the brother-hood of man and chivalry are wholly things  of the past, or are the material and political interests dividing you so great that the mas-sacre of a whole people is a secondary thing ? In either case 'We who are about to die salute you.' "FourthŠTo the Christians of America: "Although we have cherished strong pre-judice against your mission work among us, recent events have proved that our Protestant brethren are one with us and have shared fully our anxieties and our perils. You have labored through them to promote among us the peace and prosperity of the gospel. It is not your fault that one result of their teach-ing and example has been to excite our mas-ters against us. " The Turkish Government dreads and dislikes nothing so much as the ideas of progress which you have sent us." And all this in the closing decade of the nineteenth century! Alas for the world's boasted " Christian civilization"! Unprecedented Offer. (I FUN-CLOS HIGH-RIDE BIBLE known as the iiew International Self-Pronouncing 1eference Teachers' Bible. We propose to make it possible for each subscriber to the American Sentinel to be the possessor of this handsome Bible. Printed in minion type, bound in extra Morocco leather, divinity circuit, extra grained leather lining to edge, round corners, red under gold edges, silk sewed, silk headband, silk marker, binding of best quality. With this book reading is made easy. No more stumbling over the hard word, Every proper name is divided into syllables, and the accent and diacritical marks render the accurate pronunciation of these words a simple matter. With a little study of the Key to Pronunci-ation to be found in every copy of this Bible, the reader loses all fear of the long, hard names of the Scriptures, and pronounces them with ease. As is indicated by the name, this is a TEACHERS' BIBLE, and contains Seventeen maps, thirty=six illustrations and diagrams, copious helps of the latest revision, Word Book (concordance), and numerous other features, many of which are not found in, any other Bible. REGULAR PRICE OF THIS BIBLE, $4.00 WITH SENTINEL, one year, - - 3.00 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND ST., NEW YORK. YOUNG WMOANAN  CULTIVATE YOUR MEMORY. Procure a set of BIBLE EXERCISE CARDS containing precious texts on the PROMISES OF GOD and RULES FOR THE CHRISTIAN that every Christian should memorize. INTERESTING, INSTRUCTIVE, INSPIRING, 25c per set. Address, Wm. WARD SIMPSON, Battle Creek, Mich. THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS Sweeping Everything Clean Before It. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY: Milwaukee, Wis.. Jan. 17, 1896. I esteem it a privilege to add my to stimo-nial in favor of the " Cyclone" Washer. After four trials I can say that it merits all that is claimed for it by its manufacturers, In order to is' sure perfect satisfaction the directions must be strictly fol-lowed. Plenty of boiling water and good white soap, and not too many clothes, and if they are very dirty, work the machine a little longer. MRS. E. II. BRAMFALT  514 Milwaukee St. Address. COON BROS., Battle Creek, Mich 