'Tang man hearhearing wore& and believe not ljudge him not -Jesas Christ 768 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. CHICAGO, DECEMBER 6, 1900. Any one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. GRANTED that the ,Buffalo Exposition ought not to be open on Sunday, it by no means follows that it should be closed by act of the State. It is one thing to observe Sunday by act of conscience, which affects only the individual possessor, and quite an-other thing to secure Sunday observance by act of the legislature, which affects all persons irrespective of personal belief. Leave every person free, we say, to follow the dictates of conscience in the matter; and let the result decide the question of Sunday opening or closing of the Exposition. ot AMONG the resolutions adopted at a recent meet-ing held in Sheboygan under the auspices of the Wisconsin Sunday Rest Day Association, was one demanding the Sunday closing of the Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo next summer. The action authorized the secretary to transmit a copy of the resolution to the managers of the Exposition "in the name of the convention." Of the two hundred or two hundred and fifty people present at the meeting, scarcely one in ten voted. Yet this resolution has doubtless been reported" ere this as voicing the sen-timent of " a large and enthusiastic mass-meeting of the people of Sheboygan." So far as Sunday or any religious institution is concerned, we believe in the course advocated by Gamaliel, when he advised the Pharisees not to molest the disciples: ",Refrain from these men and let them alone; for if this counsel or this work be of men it will come to nought; but if it be of God, ye can not overthrow it." Leave the Sunday institution alone, to survive or perish as its character may merit. If it is of men it will come to nought, spite of all the decrees and enactments of all the legislatures on earth. And if  it be of God, if it is backed by the arm of Omnipo-tence, it will prevail without the aid of the arm Of flesh. Let the Sunday stand or fall on its own merits. Ct THE spirit of religious intolerance is not dead in Iowa. The postmaster of the town of Hillsdale, Mr. J. C. Haney, was recently arrested and fined because he sold some stationery from the post-office newstand on Sunday. The prosecution was con-ducted by a town councilman,, and seems to have been warmly supported by the mayor. What the particular animus of this prosecution is we are not informed, but it is stated that Mr. Haney has of late become inclined to the belief that the seventh day of the week, and not the first day, is the truck Sabbath. Why should any person .be molested for such an'  act as the selling of stationery? The act is a good one six days in the week; how does,  it become had, and to be prohibited, on the first day alone? It is held to be bad on Sunday because Sunday is a religious day. That is the difference, and the only  difference, between Sunday and Monday or Tues-day. Then is not this prosecution based directly on religion? And is not religious prosecution only another name for persecution? Jt AN incident which occurred recently in New York City illustrates very clearly and forcibly both the quantity and the quality of the moral sentiment that is behind Sunday legislation. The incident was this:, On Sunday evening, November 25, of this nine-teen-hundredth year of grace, a reporter in search of news visited -that section of New York known'as the " Tenderloin," the home of gilded vice. Not withstandirig the crusade now in progress to purge' the city of open wickedness, the saloons of the "Tenderloin" were "wide open" on this Sunday eve-ning, and both men and women could be seen' entering their front and side doors. A policeman, one of " the ,finest," stood complacently on a corner in plain sight of at least half a dozen open saloons. The reporter approached the officer and rnquired where he might find an open barber shop.-  The p(3t lieernan straightened himself to his greatest height,-  put on his most virtuous look, and in a severe fone, made reply: " Young man, you won't find a barber-;  shop open in this city Sunday evening. It's againsC the law." 