AMERICAN SENTINEL. 699 door open only by controlling those behind it, and Rus-sia can keep it shut only by asserting her paramount claim within the door. Herein lies the world's approach-ing trouble. Many countries will be drawninto the con-flict which is coming." And for what is the United States now preparing but to be drawn into that conflict? Ł THE Union Signal says that "If the General Confer-ence of the Methodist Episcopal Church follows the lead of the Rock River Conference it will be about as difficult for a Methodist in good standing to be elected mayor in one of our large cities as for a camel to go through a needle's eye. The Rock River Conference introduced a resolution memorializing the supreme body to make it an offense for a Methodist to grant a license for a sa-loon. The resolution evoked a long and spirited debate, but was adopted by a large majority." It will be a good deal better to command as little prospect of election to public office as the camel has of -going through a needle's eye, than to become mayor of a city by sanctioning the saloon. 4. Notes from the Church Congress. "Tau Sunday Question" was one of the subjects con-sidered at the Church Congress, held at St. Paul, Minn. As might naturally be expected, the speakers took widely-different views of the subject. The audience was estimated as about 500. Rev. C. Fair, of Omaha, ad-vocated a strict observance of the Sabbath (meaning Sunday) and lamented the disregard of the day. Rev. H. Tatlock urged that if Sunday observance was to be the rule among working men, they should not be en-slaved the rest of the week. W. S. Rainsford, D. D., of New York, said that a wise spiritual policy followed by the church would spiritualize the times. But Mr. War-ner, D. D., of New Orleans, was the only man that seemed to have noticed the true principle of the thing; and he, of course, declared that there should be no more legislation for Sunday than for any other questions sug-gested by the Decalogue; and admitted that there was no special sacredness in the day called Sunday. With consistency, therefore, he contended that recreation on Sunday was laudable. He gave a thrust by saying: "That there is a laxity from Puritan methods of Sunday keeping is acknowledged, and by some of us, with great joy. The painful rigidity of a mechanical observance of twenty-four hours is mercifully relaxing." A notable feature of the occasion was the total ab Ł Bence of any Scripture for Sunday sacredness. One speaker did refer to the sacred Word by saying that  "There are two hundred passages in Holy Scripture bearing upon one day in seven as a day of rest and wor-ship," and so turned his remarks as to imply the idea that all these testimonies were in favor of Sunday, which is not the truth, as he must know. He then asked: "Is all this Scripture merely dead history? or is the principle it contains a living issue, a social problem and a high religious duty? What was given in Eden must not be lost in America." Of course this Scripture is not a dead history. It does contain a principle,Ša living principleŠand em-braces a living issue. It will soon become one of the issues of the times. Let every soul study those Script-ures for himself, as before God. H. F. PHELPS. St. Paul, Minn. Sunday Closing Notes. EIGHT Ypsilanti, Mich., saloon-keepers were recently indicted for Sunday opening, and fined $15 each. THE Lord's Day Alliance of Canada has brought an Ł action against a Toronto restaurant keeper for selling ice cream on Sunday. THE City Council of Redwood Falls, Minn., has passed an ordinance to remove all screens or other ob-structions to the public view in saloons on Sundays. RECENTLY in Louisville, Ky., three hundred Chris-tian Endeavorers, in an enthusiastic union meeting, unanimously resolved to unite with the other religious forces of the city in favor of closing the saloons and places of business on Sunday. The crusade will be a vigorous one. THE city council of Columbus, 0., lately impeached and removed from the office of director of public safety, Joseph W. Dusenberry; largely on account of his con-nection with the violation of the Sunday laws by the managers of the Olentangy Park Casino, of which he is part owner. `Ł . 4' The Saloons Keep Sunday in Sioux City. A DISPATCH from this Iowa city, dated October 29, says: "For the first time in years the saloon business was absolutely closed up over Sunday to-day. Under the old prohibition regime the liquor resorts ran con-stantly, either surreptitiously or with the authorities' connivance. When the mulct law went into effect they were at first permitted to run only Sunday forenoons. Soon the same liberty was permitted for the rest of the day. 