278 AMERICAN SENTINEL. worshiper of any God has as much right to preach what he thinks as any of you, and if one is allowed such lib-erty I think it should be extended to the other." Unity in Government Essential. BY C. H. KESLAKE. UNITY in governmental affairs is an absolute neces-sity. Oneness in aim and purpose lies at the very foun-dation of all governmentŠeven the government of God. Without this governments are unstable, and the happi-ness of the subject ever in jeopardy. It was the recognition of this principle that led Jesus Christ to pray that his followers may be one even as he and his Father were one. John 17. Ł Satan recognizes that this is true concerning his own kingdom. He knows very well that lack of union is as destructive of his government as it would be of God's. And he knows perfectly well that Christ spoke the truth when he said, "Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand." Matt.Ł12:25. From the first, Satan, while fighting against God and trying to overthrow divine government, has been as diligent as finite beings could possibly be in trying to secure unityŠoneness, for his own. But he is as certain to fail as God is sure to succeed. And the reason for this is that he lacks unity in himself. "God is One." There is unity only in God, and it is because of this that God will succeed. Only God can govern another, and he can do this because he is the perfect Master of himself. And yet in governing others he does not do so arbitrarily. He does it through the revelation of the divine principle of government. This principle of government is self-governmentŠgovernment of oneself, for oneself, and by oneself. This is perfect oneness. Such a government as this can be secured in the in-dividual only by the recognition of the divine principle and the acceptance of divine power, without which the principle could not be worked out. And it is the work-ing out of this principle thus in the redeemed that will make the kingdom of God eternally secure. In the recognition of this divine principle there is no danger of one's trying to govern another. Only:by fail-ing to recognize it could such a thing be. Through eternal ages the time will never come, in the working out of this principle, when a single soul will feel that he is ca-pable of governing another. He will never rise beyond the power of governing himself. When the Saviour's prayer shall be answeredŠas it is destined to beŠand perfect oneness exists in the whole body of the redeemed, it will be because this oneness ex-ists perfectly in each individual. It was the recognition of this principle, so far as it  could be done by earthly governments, that made the United States different from all the other nations of earth. And Lincoln gave expression to it when he said, "The doctrine of self-government is rightŠabsolutely and eternally right." He was at the time speaking on the question of slavery. But that does not make it any the less true. Again, he said: "When the man governs himself, that is self government; but when he governs himself, and also another man, that is more than self-governmentŠthat is despotism." And yet again: "No man is good enough to govern another without that other's consent." And he might have added that no man could consent to such an act without ceasing to be a manŠwithout yielding up his manhood. No surer evidence can be given that a man is not able to govern himself than that he undertakes to govern another; it is certain that such an individual has lost the power of self-government. But it is just this kind of governmentŠgoverning others instead of oneselfŠof which Satan's government is the exponent. Of that type of government his is the ideal. Yet withal there must be unity in it, or it must ultimately collapse. But not having unity in himself the best he could do in this respect would be to bring about a mere semblance of unity, which can be done only through brute force. This being the best that Satan can do it is only a question of time when his government must collapse under its own weight, and be finally de-stroyed, with all who are connected with it. Polities in the Pulpit. Chicago "Times-Herald." IT may be said that religion has a bearing on every public problem, and this is true, but the moment the pulpit is dragged into partisan politics it loses its sanc-tity, the priest loses his authority and religion flies out of the window. For the layman, who is perfectly willing to submit to the spiritual guidance of his pastor and to concede that as an expositor of the Bible he has some-thing of a superior character of the prophet, acknowl-edges in him no superiority as an expounder of politics, is enraged if their views do not coincide, and finally asks the pertinent question why the man should be paid out of his pocket to dope him from the pulpit with political principles that he despises. Under the circumstances the only safe and the only proper rule for the minister is total abstinence from pol-itics in the church. There should be no exceptions, be-cause once encouraged there will be no end of them. National morals have been read into the tariff and money questml,-as they are now being read into the Filipino es, iii, and clergymen before this have talked democratic politics to republican auditors or republican politics to democratic auditors upon very slight provo-cation, and always with the same resultŠwrangling, dissension and injury to the Christian work. The feeling 