AMERICAN SENTINEL. 147 being carried on now all over this land? How does this Scripture comport with the widespread efforts to get the United States Government to legislate in behalf of the observance of a certain day. It matters not what any man's opinion may be. It matters not what any per- son's views may be of Sabbath observance,Šwhether of one day or none at all; there stands the Scripture with respect to the place which man shall occupy, and the place which the powers that be shall occupy with respect to the observance of a day. And none can disregard it except at the peril of the judgment of God. "Who art thou that judgest another man's servant?" All are to be left free. We are not to judge anybody, nor interfere with him, nor question him, as to whether he is subject to his master in the right way or not. There stands the Scripture; how does it compare with the action of the churches, with the work of those who profess reverence for the Scriptures, all over this land, who are persistently urging upon the nation to establish by law the observance of a day? Here is the Lord's declaration of human right as to the observance of a day: "He that regardeth the day, regardeth it unto the Lord; and he that regardeth not the day to the Lord, he doth not regard it." "Whatso-ever is not of faith is sin." If I observe the day to God, I really observe it; if I do not observe the day to the Lord, there can be no faith in it, and therefore I sin in observing it. Him that is weak in the faith receive ye, but not to judge his doubtful thoughts; to his own mas-ter he standeth or falleth." Why should I compel you to observe the day which I observe? I cannot with this scripture in mind. Some observe one day, some observe another, and some do not observe any day religiously. It is true the vast majority observe one special day; but which of these three classes can secure or use law to en-force upon others the observance of the day which they regard, and still be Christians? Who can do it and rec-ognize human rights as God has defined them and laid them down in his Word? Plainly none. Again: Is it not written in the Scriptures, "Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in re-spect of an holy day, or of the new moon, OR OF THE SABBATH DAYS?" Col. 2:16. And yet all over this land there are "Sabbath laws" on the statute books; Sun-day laws, Lord's day laws, or whatever they may be called, and whosoever does not regard that day accord-ing to the law is JUDGED BY MEN in the enforcement of the law. But the Scripture says, "Let NO MAN JUDGE YOU." Then that scripture requires every person who receives the Scripture as the Word of God, to protest against every law that is proposed, or that ever could be proposed, in favor of the enforcement of the observ-ance of any day for the Sabbath? "LET NO MAN JUDGE YOU, in respect of Sabbath days," saith the Lord. But when I go about to exert my influence with politicians, with legislators, with gov-ernors, and other authorities, to secure a law to compel  my neighbor to recognize the day which I observe, and then when he does not observe the law which I have had enacted, he is judged BY MEN, is fined, and imprisoned; in that I do the very thing God has said that no man shall do. That Scripture then requires every Christian in the United States and everywhere else to everlastingly protest against anything by which any man can judge another for not observing a certain day, or any day at all, as a Sabbath. This is not saying that the Lord does not require that the Sabbath shall be observed. God has com-manded all to keep the Sabbath. He has told all what day is to be observed. He says distinctly, "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." But the point is this,Šit is God who has commanded it, and to Him alone men are responsible, and not to MAN. He alone, and not man, nor any set of men, is the judge. A. T. J. We Are Not Going Into Politics. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is not going into politics. We make this statement for the benefit of some readers of this paper who see nothing beyond a question of poli-tics in the new national policy of "expansion," and therefore have thought that in opposing this policy the SENTINEL was going off into politics and away from the path of its appointed work. The fact that this policy has been warmly discussed in the political arena, does not make of it a mere politi-cal question. The Sabbath question has been discussed in the political arena, and will be discussed there again; but the SENTINEL has spoken on that question for years without going into politics. The principles under lying this question, and the question of "expansion," are broader than politics; and to contend for these princi-ples it is not at all necessary to stand under any political banner. The AMERICAN SENTINEL affirms that religious liberty is both Christian and Constitutional. It has affirmed this from the first. But in contending for religious lib-erty as a Constitutional thing the SENTINEL has never gone into politics. Nor is it, in opposing the "expan-sion" policy, doing anything else than contending for Constitutional liberty. The AMERICAN SENTINEL has from the first contended for the principles of liberty embodied in the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence. In the enactment and enforcement of religious laws these principles of lib-erty have been denied and set aside, and the SENTINEL has opposed such laws as being contrary to the Consti-tution and the principles of free government. In the pol-icy of imperialism these principles are no less truly set aside; and the SENTINEL cannot contend for them with-out opposing that policy. "It doesn't make any particular difference to us"Šso 