TIDE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 39 the end, Roger Williams was banished from the colony, and having retired to Narragansett Bay, there he became a Baptist, and founded what is now the State of Rhode Island. Abso-lute religious liberty was established there from the first. " The next case occurred in 1637, and ended in the expulsion of Wheelwright, Anne Hutch-inson, and Aspinwall, who, although they held some very extravagant notions on certain points, would have been harmless persons had the only weapon employed against them been truth. " Testimony to the like effect is borne by the history of the colony in subsequent years. Since a particular form of worship had become a part of the civil establishment, irreligion was now to be punished as a civil offense. The State was amodel of Christ's kingdom on earth; treason against the civil Government' was trea-son against Christ; and reciprocally, as the gospel had the right paramount, blasphemy, or whatever a jury might call blasphemy, was the highest offense in the catalogue of'crimes. To deny any book of the Old or New Testament to be the written and infallible word of God, was punished by fine or by stripes, and in case of obstinacy, by exile or death. Absence from the ministry of the word was punished by fine.' Š[Bancroft.] Everything indicated that this union between Church and State was operating in such a manner as rapidly to undermine the rights and principles of both. The Anabaptists were treated in some cases with great harshness, and when, in 1651, the Quakers made an at-tempt to establish themselves in the colony, they were expelled, and prohibited from return-ing upon pain of death,Ša penalty actually inflicted on four of them who returned in con-travention of this enactment." A Constant Menace. HAVING survived the perils of internal war, and promising to pass safely through the trials and agitations resultant from it, our country is endangered by the constant menace of a class of restless agitators, a portion of whom are sincere in their desire to accomplish good results; and the remainder hypocritical and wholly selfish, while all are fanatical. The leaders of this class sometimes appear in one guise, and then in anotherŠsometimes under the political, and then under the religious, ban-ner, but always under the flag of fanaticism. Their grasp is upon the pillars of the temple, and should it fall, theirs will have been the responsibility. Whatever form their irrepres-sibility may take, its object is always inimical to the spirit of our free institutions. The most noteworthy movement of this class that has recently been made, is the attempt to secure an amendment to the Constitution of the United States that would require all who acknowledged its supremacy to believe in the Christian re-ligion. Aside from most unjustly expatriating our large and respectable number of Jewish citizens, there would be little objectionable in this, save the principle of its incorporation into the fundamental law of the land. However slight, it is the entering wedge of Church and State. If we may cut off ever so few persons  from the right of citizenship on account of difference of 'religious belief, then with equal justice and propriety may a majority at any time dictate the adoption of still further articles of belief, until our Constitution is but the text-book of a sect beneath whose tyranniCal sway all liberty of religious opinion will be crushed. " Honor the Lord," is the rallying cry of these crusaders. That has been-  the cry of all per-petrators of acts of cruelty, injustice, and op-pression, from time immemorial. It was the cry of the Spanish Inquisitors and the English and German torturers of refqrmers. It brought Cranmer to the stake, incited the massacre of St. Bartholomew's eve, and caused witches to be burned by the Puritans. The people of en-lightened America, we believe, have learned to know that a nation stands most honored in the sight of Heaven, when all of its children are left free to exercise the full right of con-science, and to worship God as they shall see fit, silently in -their own hearts, or with im-pressive form.ŠChamplain Journal. Juvenile Smokers. A BRITISH physician, observing the large number of boys under fifteen years of age on the streets with cigars and pipes in their mouths, was prompted to examine the health of this class of smokers, and for that purpose selected thirty-eight boys between the ages of nine and fifteen. , In twenty-two of these cases he found various disorders of the circulation and digestion, palpitation of the heart, and more or less marked taste for strong drink. In twelve. there was frequent bleeding of the nose, and twelve had slight ulceration of the mouth, caused by tobacco. The doctor treated them fbr the ailments, but with little effect. The habit of smoking was discontinued, when health and strength were soon restored. The effect of tobacco in creating a taste for strong drink is unquestionably very great. If the testimony of some tobacco users and medical men is of any weight, one of the most radical methods of keeping the young from being led to intemperate drinking is to deny them to-bacco. It is the opinion of many medical men that the rising generation is in more danger from tobacco than from alcohol.ŠSel. His Last Cigar. MR. GOODFELLOW is a well-known Sunday-school superintendent in a flourishing city in one of our prairie States. He is head and front of the temperance movement in his town, and an uncompromising enemy of tobacco; nevertheless, within the memory of many liv-ing witnesses, he used to love a good cigar as well as any one. He tells how he was filially cured:Š " On leaving my office one evening, in accord with my usual custom, I lighted a fragrant cigar, which I proposed to enjoy as I pursued my homeward way. I had advanced but a few steps when I saw sitting on the curb, puff-ing away at the stump of a villainous cigar, a youngster whom I recognized as a member of my Sunday-school. A quick disgust filled my soul, and words of reproof rose to my lips; but how could I utter them with the weed be- tween my teeth. The disability was not nearly so appareiit in its physical as in its moral aspect. Clearly the cigar must be gotten from sight, or my lips remain sealed, and the boy left to follow the bent of an evil inclination, and doubtless become a victim of a pernicious habit. Quick as thought I whipped the cigar from my mouth, and held it behind my back, while I administered a merited reproof and timely warning. The boy threw away his stump, and promised not to try another, and I backed around the corner, fearing to turn lest my own sin should be discovered, and my influence destroyed. When fairly out of sight, I threw my cigar into the gutter, inwardly vowing before God never again to touch the weed; and I never have." How many fathers are ready to make a like sacrifice for the sake of their sons? How many teachers, that they may consistently warn their. pupils of evil likely to follow in the wake of this habit? How many pastors, that they may present themselves undefiled in the sight of the youth of their charges, and lead them in the ways of purity and true temperance ?ŠChurch and Home. TEMPERANCE AND GOSPEL SONGS. PUBLISHED BY THE AMERICAN HEALTH AND TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATION. BOTH the words and music are entirely new, except a few choice se- lections of the most popular pieces. The Temperance music is not only new but varied, including AN l'HEMS, GLEES and QUARTETS "I think `TEMPERANCE AND GOSPEL SONGS' one of the best temper-ance song books I have seen." ŠD. C. BABCOCK, Dist. Sec. National Temperance Pub. Society of New York. "This book is far superior to all other temperance song books I have seen for solid, practical, Gospel temperance songs."ŠP. T. LYNN, Musical Director, Hornellsville, N. Y. `` Among the many thins that made our meeting a glorious success throughout, was the inspiring singing by our grand choir, from your new work, Ł TEMPERANCE AND GOSPEL SONGS.' It iS overfi 'wing with good music and fine hymns. , It is a great advance in the line of tem-perance music books, and ought to find a place and have a large sale among the temperance organizations throughout the country. It is the best book of the kind I have ever seen."ŠC. HENRY MEAD, Con-ductor Silver Lake (N. Y.) Temperance Camp-Meeting. "The music throughout is musician-likeŠa rare excellency in such books. The words, too, are fresh and have a meaning."ŠW. T. GIFFE, Logansport, Ind. "I am much pleased with ' TEMPERANCE AND GOSPEL SONGS.' Think it will he a favorite among temperance workers."ŠFRANK M. DAVIS, Jacksonville, Fla. Price, in board covers, 30 eta or $3.00 per. doz. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. THE COMING CONFLICT; ŠORŠ THE GREAT ISSUE NOW PENDING IN THIS COUNTRY. BY W. H. LITTLEJOHN. THIS book contains a complete Mstory of the rise and progress o the National Reform Party, together with an exegesis of the last portion of the thirteenth chapter of the book of Revelation, assign. ing to the United States its proper place in prophecy. EMPHATICALLY A BOOK FOR THE TIMES. 434 pages, in muslin covers, and will be mailed to any address post-paid,ddre Address, SIGNS $1.00. A  SIGNS OF THE TIMES, Oakland, Cal. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, 16-PAGE IESŁLIVIDTTS, FAMILY JOURNAL, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, AT OAKLAND, CAL., FOR THE INTERNA-TIONAL TRACT AND MISSIONARY SOCIETY. This journal is devoted to expositions of prophecy and the dissemiŁ nation of general Biblical knowledge. Its' contents are of the most varied kind, the departments embracing Editorial and General Arti-cles, Temperance, Home Circle, Sabbath-school, Missionary, and Sec-ular and Religious News. IT CONTAINS NO PAID ADVERTISEMENTS, And is full every week of fresh, new matter. Among expository journals it takes the lead, both in quality and quantity of matter. It has proved of unusual interest to its tens of thousands of readers, who everywhere pronounce it a live religious paper; a reliable expos-itor of Scripture; and a household journal the contents of which are pure and elevating. Each number contains a characteristic article from the pen of Mrs. E. G. White. All who see it agree in pronouncing it first-class in every respect. Send for free sample copy, and circular. Terms, per year, $2.00. Address, SIGNS OF THE TIMES, Oakland, California, 