744 THE SENTINEL. OF LIBERTY'. against themŠusing_ them to-day, and this is work-ing a vast amount of mischief. We ought, as men opposed to this thing, to go-on our hands and knees, even roll our bodies over and over rather than use the Sunday street-cars. [Applause.] These are questions we want to face, and we want our Chris-tian ministers to live up to the principles they prb-fess.' [Hear, hear.] " The following officers were then elected for the ensuing year, one each for the different denomina- _ tians represented:'  " PresidentŠRev. W. H. Hincks. "Vice-presidentsŠJohn Aitken, Rev. Dr.Thonias, J. C. Copp, Rev. Mr. Ryan, and Rev. L. H. Wagner. "SecretaryŠRev. J. C. Tibb (re-elected)." THE LIBERTY OF CHRIST. _ CHRIST is the executor of the divine plan of. sal-vation. Self sacrifice is the secret of its power. With his own life Christ bought a world of sin, and ratified the contract with his blood. Adam traded the world to the devil for the privilege to die. _ The Lord shouldered the responsibility of death, and by death bought the right to let man live. And this right of life the Redeemer is pledged to bestow upon all who will recognize his authority as the Life-giver. This is life by virtue of a gift. In the gift is bound up the privilege of growth. In Christ no -restriction, is placed upon life, conscience, or action; this is liberty, the liberty of Christ. For, " If the Son shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." Sin is the only element of bondage on earth, and,  Satan is the inventor of sin, and all who are slaves to in are in bondage to the devil; for "know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey; whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto righteous-ness." For, " Of whom a man is overcome, of the same is he brought into bondage." The Purpose Of God. The inhabitants of heaven are free; they are free from 'one another, and free from themselves. Their pleasure is good, and their profit is the glory of. God. Before man sold his right to live, he enjoyed the liberty of Christ; but he traded the liberty of life for the bondage of death: he gave himself to'be a slave to- a taSkfnaster Whose 'only pleasure would bey the suffering and death of- his 4ubiects. His, treatment- of the: human race stirred the pity of heaven, and God's Own 'hand held Out a release for AIL Hf had compassion f-6:# a race of sIaYei, and  offered them the best his universe contained, the gift of liberty, liberty in his Son. 'If love could win the human family the world would be con-verted. For this the eternal God is willing, and this is infinite love. Living Issues. Liberty lives, and will live forever. It will triump over bondage as certainly as principle will conquer passion. The issues of life are battles waged in the human heart, of liberty or bondage, victory or defeat. Christ is a revelation of liberty, and during his earthly ministry his life was a battle royal; and the lesson taught the universe was liberty in death. The traditions of the elders taught that the church is the source of power, therefore they de- _ manded of the Lord his credentials. Spiritual usurpation is the most dangerous element that can fall into the hands of man. It is as much more dangerous than temporal usurpation as the power of Satan is greater than the power of man. The Pharisees were usurpers; their claims to power and authority were glaring assumption-s that could not stand the test of truth. Christ is heaven's repre-sentative of power, and authority. He is the germ= ine, all others are counterfeit. As usurpers, the Pharisees could only demand; as the rightful heir, who alone possesses power and authority, Christ could command. The Climax. Iron-hearted' Rome could subdue armies and waste kingdoms, but it could not resist the unjust demand of a Jewish rabble. Before its tribunal innocency could not plead his outraged cause. Purity and virtue were crushed beneath the feet of cruel passion and Ł revenge. UpOn the- block Ł of human injustice, with, a Roman Pilate on the judg-ment seat, the Son of God was made to suffer at the hands of an impassioned church mob. The poWer of the church was greater than the sovereignty of Rome, and the guiltless was condemned to die. If usurped power,could triumph then here is' victory, the-greatest that-  usurpation can bestow. But from the ashes of apparent defeat arises the flame of vic-tory. The pathway' of liberty may lead through the garden; the judgment hall, to-the gross; and into the tomb; but -priestly plotting and worldly poWer can frame no law, can hollow no thrill), and can make no seal that can restrain its power. And' even now, while the vesper bells of time are tolling the- death 