-AmErzicAN 365 -are the religious tests for holding office, and even for jurors and witnesses, still found on the statute-books of some of the States, or which discriminate -for or against the church ; the legal recognition of Sunday, not from motives of natural morality and civil expediency, but because of its supposed su-pernatural institution and religious authority; the enforcement of oaths in the public courts, which to many are a violation of conscience, and to most a solemn farce; and the issue of Thanks-giving and similar proclamations by the President or Governors of States. For while such occasions ns this of public praise and gratitude are fitting in the life of a people-4 wish we had more of themŠthey should be left to the discretion and piety of the churches. As these find it possible to agree on an annual week of prayer, they might be equally harmonious in appointing a day of uni-versal thanksgiving. . . . Education, reason, justice, humanityŠto these we appeal, and we are confident that ours shall at last be the victory. ŠRev. Chas. W Wendte, Oakland, California. Stand by-the Constitution. Ir is to the credit of our national Constitu-tion that the Sunday observer is protected in his worship on the first day of the week; that the Sabbatarian is protected in his worship on the seventh day; and that the conscience of the non-obserVer is protected in his seven days' toil. The fact is here recognized that the man who conducts -himself on a proper ,civil basis is a good citizen, irrespective of his religious views, which are deemed inalienable rights that cannot be appropri-ated or trifled with. Through the wise principle that protects all re-ligions alike, the unhappy scenes that have at-tended State religions in the past are averted, and America has become the marvel of nationsŠthe home of the persecuted refugee driven to our shores by the despotic power of the foreign church. Considering to what is due our prosperity as a nation, considering the grave lessons taught us by those powers that have suffered from religious dictation, it becomes us to guard with jealous severity against a repetition in our fair land of. the disgraceful alliance, and to check at once those movements that threaten to destroy the recognition now given to the rights of conscience. Individually we all have the right to pa;suade others to embrace our acting interpretation of divine ethics, but, happily, no authority to com-pel their adoption. Were it otherwise, man's highest feelings would become the slave of chance, the foot' ball of politicians. Then were the Catho-lics to rule, we must become, outwardly, Mariola-ters; were the Hebrews to outvote us and claim their rights, we must renounce Christianity; were the race of Tong San to find a majority, we must all turn to Confucius ; and so on, we must change our conscience to suit the popular creed, under pain and penalty of statutory judgment. Religious motives should arise from voluntary, recognition of the claims of the supreme power from an invisible source. It is the height of pre-sumption for any civil tribunal to raise up an ar-bitrary standard to judge whether we are loyal to the mighty will of Jehovah, to whom the interfer-ence of puny earthly dictation becomes a fool-hardy failure. Trouble is brewing on that ques-.tionŠthe aspiring church is becoming restless and aggressiveŠa stormy time of religious frenzy and bloodshed is close at our doors, yet the  drowsy occupants sleep on, unwilling to heed the tempest that will soon get beyond human con-trol.ŠMoral and Scientific Companion. Ł The Papal Theory. [This article, taken from the "Progress of Re-ligious Freedom," by Dr. Schaff, is of special in-terest just now in view of the professions of at-tachment to the principles of our government recently made by the Catholic Congress in Baltimore. The evidence is conclusive that the Romanist who is really attached to our free institutions feels that attachment, not because he is a Catholic, but in spite of that fact, for the utterances of the popes and the traditions of " the church " are all against liberty of conscience or of worship.] THE principle of intolerance is held by the Roman Church to this day. She claims the monopoly of Christian truth, and can tolerate no departure from it, but will punish it to the extent of her power. Liberal Catholics, in obe-dience to the better spirit of the age and the charitable instincts of the human heart, disown persecution and all civil punishments of spiritual offenses, as belonging to a by-gone age and incon-sistent with the modern structure of society. But the official Roman Church does not and cannot give up the theory of intolerance without forfeiting her claim to infallibility. Every prog-ress in favor of toleration and liberty during the last three centuries has been made in spite of her, and against her express protest.* She has repeatedly denounced toleration and reasserted the principle of intolerance, which implies perse-cution under favorable circumstances. And these declarations proceed from the highest seat of authority, whose decisions the Vatican Council of 1870 has made infallible and irrevocable. Pope Gregory XVI., in an Encyclical, of August 15, 1832, identifies religious toleration with the liberty of error and indifferentism, and condemns it as "the most fruitful cause of evils with which the church is at present afflicted," and goes on to say: "From this noxious fountain of indifferentism flows that absurd and erroneous opinion, or, rather, that form of madness, which declares that liberty of conscience should be arrested and maintained for everyone. For this most pestilential error, that full and immoderate liberty of opinion paves the way which, to the injury of sacred and civil government, is now spread far and wide, and which some, with the utmost impudence, have extolled as beneficial to religion." The Papal Syllabus of 1864, issued by Pius IX., the first infallible pope, condemns among the eighty errors of the age the following propo-sitions, which Ore among the fundamental princi-ples of the government of the United States:Š "Every man is free to embrace and profess the religion which he believes to be true according to the light of reason." Sec. 3, 15. " The Church ought to be separated from the State, and the State from the Church." Sec. 6,.55. " In the present day, it is no longer expedient that the Catholic religion shall be held as the only relig-ion of the State, to the exclusion of all other modes of worship." Sec. 10, 78. The Encyclical "Immortale Dei" of Pope Leo XIII., concerning the "Christian constitution of States," issued November 1, 1885, is a moderate and prudent explanation, but not a retraction, of the doctrine of his predecessors; it expressly, and approvingly refers to the Encyclical of Gregory XVI., of August 15, 1832, and to the Syllabus of Pius IX., and adds: " From these decisions of  the popes it is clearly to be understood that . . . it is a crime of private individuals and a crime for States to make no account of the duties of religion, or to treat different kinds of religion in the same way. . . . The church judges it not lawful that the various kinds of divine worship should have the same right as the true religion." In a more recent Encyclical, " Libertas prce--stantissimum natures don,um," issued June 20, 1888, the same popeŠone of the wisest, most moderate, and most liberal of modern timesŠreiterates the same doctrine even more strongly. He begins by praising liberty as--the most ex-cellent gift of nature, which belongs only to intellectual or rational beings, but he makes true liberty to consist in submisSion to the will of God, as expressed in an infallible church with an infallible head. He expressly condemns what he calls the modern liberties, (1) of worship, (2) of speech and of the press, (3) of teaching, and (4) of conscience, because they tacitly assume the absence of truth as the law of our reason, and of authority as the law of our will. He first caricatures or misstates the liberal theory, which he seems to know only in the form of infidel radicalism, and then denounces it. In the same document he incidentally calls the separation of Church and State a "pernicious maxim." And he concludes: "From what has been said, it fol-lows that it is in no way lawful to demand, to defend, or to grant promiscuous freedom of thought, of speech, of writing, or of religion, as if they were so many rights which nature had given to man." Cardinal Manning, in a preface to the English translation of this Encyclical, fully approves of these sentiments, and predicts that "the pontifi-cate of Leo XIII. will be known in history at the time when, upon a world torn and tossed by anticiiristian and antisocial revolutions, the abun-dant seeds of divine truth sown broadcast, revived the conscience of Christendom." He also predicts that the two Encyclical Letters to which we referred " will be recorded as the pro-nouncements which have vindicated the political order of society from confusion, and the liberty of men from the license of liberalism." But we venture to say that Pope Pius IX. and Pope Leo XIII. have seriously injured the cause of the Roman Church by placing her in open an-tagonism to the irresistible progress of history, which is a progress of liberty. By declaring the separation of Church and State a "pernicious maxim," Leo XIII. has unwisely as well as un-justly condemned the Constitution of the United States, which makes such separation the law of the land, not from indifference or hostility to religion, but from respect for religion, and which secures to the Roman Catholic Church a greater amount of liberty and prosperity than she enjoys in Italy or Spain or Austria or France or Mexico or Brazil. The highest American dignitary of that church, Cardinal Gibbons, of Baltimore, who attended the centennial celebration of the Constitution at Philadelphia; September, 1887, said in his letter of acceptance : " The Constitution of the United States is worthy of being written in letters of gold. It is a charter by which the liberties of sixty millions of people are secured, and by which, under Providence, the temporal happiness of countless millions yet unborn will be perpetuated." The same cardinal, in a com-munication to the New, York Independent of November 29, 1888, thus eulogizes the condition of this free country as compared with others: 