164 THE AMERIC`AN SENTINEL. It is no wonder that Mr. Johnston thinks that this " would tend powerfully to the suppression of existing evil." Pow-erful remedies are expected to exert a powerful influence; but in this case it is more than doubtful if the influence would be that which the National Reformers im-agine that it would be. Nothing but the grace of God will keep men from sin no matter what the consequences may be, and that grace is not imparted by legisla-tive enactment, nor by fear of the stake. It is the goodness of Goa that leads men to repentance, and nowhere has he com-missioned either his ministers or the State to drive men to repentance by burning pr stoning, or even by fines and. imprisonment. The great trouble with these men is that they fail to distinguish between moral government and civil government, be-tween the government of God and human governments, between a divinely estab-lished and divinely administered theoc-racy, and a man-made and humanly ad-ministered counterfeit theocracy. In a true theocracy God himself is the ruler ; in a man-made theocracy men rule in the name of God, but not by his authority, just as popes and kings ruled in the Dark Ages till " drunken with the blood of saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus." National Reformers have denied that persecution would result from the success of their movement, but in the light of such statements as those published from time to time in the Christian Statesman, and of which Mr. Johnston's utterances are only a fair sample, such denials amount to nothing, and the fact remains that the logic of their scheme stops noth-ing short of the fagot and the stake. Of course they would not call it persecution; the Catholics never persecuted; they only adjudged people to be guilty of violation of the civil law and then turned them over to the civil authorities to be pun-ished for the good of the State, and as a warning to evil doers. And this is just what the National Reformers propose. They would not persecute; no, not they; they would- only have the civil authorities put- people to death for not agreeing with the majority in matters of religion. Nor is this, bad as it is, the worst feature of this proposed Reform government. The divine law, they say, is to be made the rule of . action in the courts of justice. That is, the meaning and the scope of the divine law are to be determined by civil tribunals; and not only so but they must decide what constitutes violations of the divine law. And as that law takes cogni-zance not only of outward acts but of the thoughts and intents of the heart (Heb. 4: 12; Matt. 5 : 21-48); it follows, therefore, that under the proposed National Reform regime men are -to be constituted judges, not only of human-actions and words, but of human thoughts as well, with power to punish, even to the death, thoughts -which  they may judge to be contrary to the di-Irvine law. -It was this same principle fol-lowed to its logical conclusion that gave rise to the Inquisition; and it must result in bitter persecution wherever followed, for human nature has not changed. It matters not that men are honest, that they really think that they are doing God service. The Saviour said to his followers, " The time cometh that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service." That was literally true in the Dark Ages and it may be even so again. No man can be assured that he will not become a per-secutor unless he steadily refuses all power over the consciences of his fellow-men, and sternly represses within his own heart the first risings of desires to coerce others in matters of duty toward God. The Na-tional Reformers are demanding authority which belongs alone to God. Should they ever attain it, they would exercise it just as such power ha§ always been exercised by those who usurped it. The spirit of com-pulsion is always and everywhere opposed to the Spirit of Christ, and so far as the National Reformers cherish it they are anti-Christian. C. P. B. The Flaw. THE object of the National Reform As-sociation is stated to be "the mainte-nance of the existing Christian features of our national life. The Association is op-posed to union of Church and State, on tne,  one hand, and the secularized or atheistic State, on the other hand." The flaw in this very subtle statement, is in the last sentence. The supposition that the individuals who compose a secu-lar State or Government, are necessarily atheists, is absurd. Neither is a secular State an atheistic State ; nor a secular condition necessarily an atheistic condi-tion. Every man, so long as he exists in this world and accepts its social and polit-ical responsibilities, must be a part of secular Government and a secular State. He may profess Christianity or atheism, still his secular, worldly duties to his fel-low-man remain unaltered. Nations and States are secular and transitory; they are not of the spiritual world or eternal. Neither the District of Columbia, nor the State of Pennsylvania, nor the United States of America will rise in the resur-rection. Neither the passage. of Sunday laws, nor the insertion of the name of God in the Constitution can give eternal life to a legal fiction, or assure to it any such possibility. Christianity or atheism can only be attributed to individuals, governmental units, and not to the composite body po-litic. Were that not the case,-  all would be lost, for, so long as there is an unre-pented sin, the sinner is lost. Therefore, if Christianity or :atheism can be attrib-uted to the State, so long as there is one.  unrepentant sinner, the State is lost. Are  the National Reformers willing to accept the inevitable logic of their position ? Let us analyze that sentence : " The As-sociation is opposed to union of Church and State, on one hand, and the secular-ized and atheistic State, on the other hand." The construction shows the op-position to be expressed against two things Š" union of Church and State," and a " secularized or atheistic State." The ex-pressions, " on the one hand," and " on the other hand," corroborate the evidence of the grammatical construction, and show that the intent of the sentence is in accord with its grammar. Therefore, in the mind of the writer, " secularized " and "athe,  istic " are virtually synonymous. A State is necessarily secularized from its inception, inaugurated for, and dedi-cated to, worldly matters and purposes, not spiritualized and set apart for unworldly uses; and so the term "-secularized," as applied to the State, is a proper one. The State can never be anything else. But the citizens who compose, create, and give force to the secular government, may be, and. many are, God- fearing men and women. An " atheistic State," however, would be a very different thing. Strictly, it would be a State officially and legally de-nying the existence of God. Therefore the language of the sentence is at variance with the construction and its modifying phrases, and the opposition expressed, is against three things, instead of two,Š" union of Church and State " a secularized State," and an " atheistic State." With the opposition to the first, all well-informed Christians will agree. With the opposition to the second, none but anarchists will sympathize, for the abolition of secular government would do away with all government. The third, all intelligent men should recognize as in rhetoric a mere figment, and in fact a nonentity. W. H. M. On Account of Religion.  4 America says that in 1885 Foster North, of Kewanee, Illinois, was expelled from the State University of Illinois, for refus-ing to- attend religious exercises in the chapel, and that now, on the strength of the Wisconsin decision, he has entered suit to have himself re-instated as a stu-dent. We wonder that he did. not enter such suit long ago ; it certainly was proper for him to do so the very day he was expelled. The Constitution of Illinois de-clares that, -" The free exercise and enjoy-ment of religious profession and worship, without discrimination, shall forever be guaranteed; and no person shall be denied any civil or political right, privilege or ca-pacity, on account of his religious opinions ;" and that, "No person shall be required to attend or support any minister, or place of worship against his consent, nor shall any preference be given by law, to any 