AMERICAN SENTINEL. 405 and Quakers and Presbyterians, who united with Jeffer-son in promulgating right principles of religious freedom, but they were all a dispised lot of dissenters. Let no man glory in his shame by Condemning the gospel principle of separation of Church and State be-cause God was compelled to go outside of his professed church to find a man of influence with clear enough views of gospel truth to teach complete separation of Church and State. A. F. B. Oun forefathers repudiated the principle of taxation without representation; they refused to be taxed in money to support a government. A Sunday law is a tax of one day in every seven to support a religionŠand not the Christian religion either. Let us repudiate the tax and declare our independence. God's Service Not Compulsory. A LETTER from Ticonderoga, N. Y., dated June 24, takes exception to a recent utterance in the SENTINEL, as folio ws:Š "Dear Sir: In the SENTINEL of this date and under the heading 'Compulsory, Yet Free!' you say that the divine command of Sabbath observance is not compul-sory; at least you say that we are granted liberty in the matter by the Lord. Now I would like very much to have you show by the Bible where we are granted this liberty. "The Sabbath observance is a divine command and not a divine permission. "You might as well say that man has his liberty in regard to any of the commandments. "WM. H. BROWNE." We reply that every person is at liberty to disregard the fourth commandment and every other precept of the Decalogue, just as he is at liberty to disregard the laws of health, which are no less truly God's laws. In the end, of course, if he turns not from his disobedience, the con-sequetice will be death; but he has perfect liberty mean-while to obey or disobey, just as he may choose. And this is just as God has ordained that it should be. "Choose ye this day," says the Scripture,Š"Choose ye this day whom ye will serve." "To-day, if ye will hear His voice, harden not your hearts." "Whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely." In every word and by every act, Jesus Christ invited sinners to turn from their sins and find life in him; but he never sought to compel anybody. And in his life as the man of Nazareth Jesus was a perfect revelation of his Father. He again and again expressly stated that he did nothing of himself, but that his Father who dwelt in him, did that which was manifested in his life. "God was in Christ, rec-onciling the world unto Himself." Every invitation which Christ uttered, was from his Father. The Father would no more compel men to do anything, than would Christ. And the reason of this is plain. "God is love," and  only love satisfies love. A forced service could not be ac-ceptable to God; it is not even acceptable to one like our-selves. No father who was worthy the name would be satisfied to know that his children obeyed him because they were forced to do so. We recognize the service of love as the noblest, highest and best service; and can God be satisfied with anything short of the best? Will we dare offer Him anything but the best? Will we offer Him forced obedience, in place of the obedience of love? Such a thing would be but a mockery in the sight of God, if not in our own sight. The whole purpose of God, as embraced in the plan of salvation, is to reveal Himself to mankind so that man shall be drawn and bound to Him by the cords of love. And therefore it is absolutely necessary that every one should be given perfect liberty to choose whether he will serve God or not. For the service must be of love to be acceptable, and love cannot be anything else than free choice. And therefore any law of man which presumes to compel men to keep God's commandments, is anti-Chris-tian,Šcontrary to the gospel and against every interest of God and man. This is the real character of every hu-man sabbath law. God sets before all men life and death. The ten com-mandments are the way of life, and God wants every man to walk in that way. But He cannot compel any one to keep them; for only through love can they be kept at all. And love is always an expression of free will. Proposed Taxation of Church Property. THE assessor of King County, Washington, in which the city of Seattle is situated, has announced that he will assess taxes on church property in that city. The au-thority under which he will attempt to carry out this in-novation is a recent decision by the Supreme Court of the State, which annuls a legislative provision under which church property secured exemption. A Washington paper states the case as follows:Š "The constitution of the State does not exempt church property. It leaves a loophole for unjust exemptions, however, when it says: 'Provided, that the property of the United States, and of the States, counties, school dis-tricts, corporations (municipal), and such other property as the legislature may by general laws provide, shall be exempt from taxation.' "Acting upon this clause in the constitution, the first legislature enacted a law by which personal property to the amount of $300 became exempt from taxation, along with church property, charitable institutions, and quasi_ public property. Last winter the legislature increased this exemption on personal property to $500, and also exempted improvements on real estate to the extent of $500. This act was by the Supreme Court recently pronounced unconstitutional, together with the `former act which permitted a $300 exemption on personal prop-erty. "Now the $300 exemption proviso and the proviso to 