78 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. July 29,1886, you refer to the sermon given by myself, as reported in the Inter Ocean, July 19, in which it was stated that the aim of the National Reform Association was to secure a religious amendment to the Constitution of the United States, thereby making our Nation a Christian nation, thus forming a union of Church and State, and restricting the rights of con-science; that already persecution has broken out in Arkansas, Tennessee, etc., and those who worship God according to the teachings of God's word, are suffering under this Sunday law.' " This article is called forth in response to your statement, that if there are Seventh-day Baptists now in jail or fined because, having kept Saturday as their Sabbath, they have re-fused to keep Sunday also, their names and the jails where they are confined should be pub-lished at once.' "We are Seventh-day Adventists not Seventh-day Baptists, and as I am now on the ground where our brethren are feeling the effects of this bitter spirit of persecution, I am glad to give you and your readers the desired informa-tion. "1714-'0 years ago a church of Seventh-day Ad-ventists was raised up in this place (Springdale, Ark.). Last fall they erected a house of wor-ship, and for painting, one Sunday, on the rear of the house, unseen from the road, Elder J. W. Scoles was indicted by the Grand Jury at Fayetteville, Washington County, Ark., tried, convicted, and fined by the Circuit Court. An appeal was taken, and the case is now pending the action of the Supreme Court of the State. James Poole, of the same county, a conscien-tious Sabbath-keeper, for pulling weeds in his garden on Sunday morning, was indicted by the Grand Jury and, fined by the same court, though he had attended public worship in the forenoon and afternoon, four miles from his home. William Martin was indicted by the same jury for sowing oats, and tried before the Circuit Court, but the jury disagreed. J. M. Davis was indicted by the Grand Jury for harrowing oats on the Christian Sabbath or Sunday,' and tried before the Circuit Court, but failing to sustain the charge, the court picked up a man who swore that he saar Mr. Davis hauling wood on Sunday, and without even an indictment for said offense, the court fined him and taxed him the costs. F. M. El-more, for three minutes' labor on Sunday, was indicted, convicted, and fined in the Circuit Court of this county. The second arrest of J. A. Armstrong, of Springdale, was effected July 9, for digging potatoes on Sunday for the table. In' four hours after his arrest he was on his way to jail at Fayetteville, where he was kept five days to commute the fine imposed upon him, which he refused to pay, and thus honor an unjust law and a partial administra-tion which oppressed the conscientious observ-ers of the Fourth Commandment, while others who Observed neither day were permitted to go unmolested. The railroad cars could rum-ble, and carry their heavy burdens, and the loud voice of the locomotive could be heard more than once every Sunday, and yet go un-rebuked. The factory could ply its vocation and keep its servants at work every Sunday.; the hotels could send their runners to each train soliciting patronage and collect their fees for labor performed on Sunday without a word of censure from the authorities. Other citizens could drive their hogs to market; livery teams could be hired to pleasure-seekers and money exchanged for such service, and no one was disturbed enough to take cognizance of the matter, and report it to the Grand Jury; and when the jury was told of these breaches of the law, by a Sabbath-keeper who was sum-moned to testify against a brother, no notice was taken of them, while the brother was arrested and fined for wielding, quietly, a paint- brush, after he had conscientiously observed the day before as the Sabbath, according to the commandment of God. " Allen Meek, of Star of the West, Pike County, was indicted by the Grand Jury for planting potatoes on Sunday morning, on the testimony forced from a friend who was visit-ing him. While the case was pending in the court he was cited to appear on Monday morn-ing twenty-five miles distant. The road being rough he was compelled to repair the break in his wagon on Sunday. He was again indicted and fined for that offense, on the testimony of a man who came to see him on business. The man who came on business could go home free after causing the arrest of the Sabbath-keeper. Others with whom I am personally acquainted in this same county, and whose names I could give, have also been arrested and fined in this same manner. "Any one can sec that it is not because the Sunday law is broken, or that these good and conscientious Sabbath-keepers make more noise or disturbance than others; but the strong arm of the law is the best argument that can be wielded against their faith and practice. How-ever abhorrent to our Constitution such per-secution ' may appear to the editor of the Cyno sure, we are now realizing its effects." It is true that "nothing could be more ab- horrent to our Constitution " than is such per-secution; but it is the purpose of the National Reform party to subvert our Constitution so that such persecution, instead of being merely local and perhaps temporary, may be made national and permanent. But see the infamous meanness of this Ar-kansas iniquityŠeven to the forcing from a guest, evidence, by which to convict the one whose hospitality he had enjoyed. And all this riot for any " matter of wrong or of wicked lewdness; "Šif it were that, like Gallio of old, reason would that it should be borne with,Šbut for simply pulling a few weeds in the gar-den, or digging a few potatoes for dinner, and this too not only after having religiously kept one day, but after having attended public wor- ship twice on the same day. If there is any.-body in the United States who wants to see in free America anything more like to the Inqui-sition than is this, just let him work for Na-tional Reform. If it be true, as the Cynosure says, that this persecution is "abhorrent" to President Bru-not, the editor of the Cynosure and the one hundred or more other vice-presidents of the National Reform Association, then it is high time for them to take their names from the list of officers, and separate themselves from the work, of that Association. To force all people in these United States, without any distinction at all, to keep Sunday as the Sabbath, is the purpose of the proposed religious amendment to the Constitution and the laws that shall be enacted under it. And that is simply to make possible in all this Nation the enactment of such scenes as these which have been enacted in Arkansas. That President Brunot and his associate officers in that association would ab-hor such persecution, does not help the matter a particle. They are doing their very best to establish a system of government and laws under which it will be possible for such perse- cution to be inflicted by those who do not ab-hor it, but who on the contrary are bigoted and fanatical enough to enjoy it. Admit that these men are so humane that_ they would shrink from the enforcement of such 'laws, such consideration does not in the least relieve them from the responsibility so long as they persist in doing their utmost to make it possible for the fanatic or the savage to enforce the laws which they put into his hands. George Bancroft truly 'says: "As the humane ever decline to enforce the laws dic-tated by bigotry, the office devolves on the fanatic or the savage. Hence the severity of their execution usually surpasses the intention of their authors." Doubtless there are people in Arkansas who favored the enactment of these laws, who are now shocked at such an enforcement of them. But that does not re-lieve them of the responsibility, they had no business, much less had they any right, to. en-act such laws. So we say of these men who favor the National Reform movement. It mat-ters not how humane, nor bow eminent for Christian character, they may be, they are but playing into the hands of the fanatic and the man of savage disposition. If they so abhor per-secution just let them withhold from such char-acters as these the power to persecute. It cer-tainly is not too much to ask President Brunot and his associates to deny themselves this lux-ury, but we know it is more than they will deny themselves. Only a few years ago, there was introduced into the Pennsylvania Legisla-ture a bill to exempt Seventh-day Baptists from the rigors of such laws as these. in Arkansas, and the most active man in Pennsylvania for the defeat of that bill was Felix R. Brunot, in his official capacity as president of the National Reform Association: and the bill was defeated. So it would fairly seem that so far as he is con-cerned the statement of the Cynosure is entirely gratuitous, and we very much fear that it is so also, of the majority of the ono hundred or more of, his associate officers of the National Reform Association. Again we say, It is true that nothing could be more abhorrent to our Constitution than is such persecution. But it is the purpose of the National Reform party to subvert the Constitu-tion so that such persecution shall become national. And that is why we abhor the prin-ciples and the work of the National Reform Association. And they ought to be abhorred by all men who love liberty and human right. A. T. J. ' To PRETEND to a dominion over the con-science, is to usurp the prerogative of God; by the nature of things the power of sovereigns is confined to practical government; they have no right of punishment but over those who dis-turb the public peace; the most dangerous her-esy is that of a sovereign who separates himself from part of his subjects, because they believe not according to his belief.ŠTheodorie the Os-trogoth, A. D. 500. REntorort is essentially distinct from human government and exempt from its cognizance. A connection between them is injurious to both. There are causes in the human breast which insure the perpetuity of religion without the aid of the law.Šilladison. 