AMERICAN SENTINEL. ' 99 obliged to divest it in their minds of all claim to any higher nature than that of a police regulation. It can well be imagined what the preachers and church people of the country would think of having the judges in general make such statements about Sunday as a regular part of the proceedings of opening court. The only logical way out of the dilemma in which Sunday is thus placed, lies in an open confession that Sunday laws are to enforce a religious institution. That is the real ground on which they are demanded by the preachers; and to this basis they will have to come in the public view. On that basis, and not as a matter of police regulation, the public must accept or reject them. , IP- ¨ 4 4 A Serious Predicament. THE State of New York has got itself into a queer predicament. In the new constitution adopted two years ago, there is a provision prohibiting convicts from being employed in any kind of labor the product of which would compete in the public market with the product of labor outside of the prisons. The consequence is that there are now in the prisons of the State thousands of men who are forced to remain in absolute idleness. The result of this enforced idleness is that the men are growing desperate and are fighting and trying to kill one another, or are becoming insane, and are trying to kill themselves. They beg piteously for work of any kind, only that they be allowed to em-ploy themselves. In an endeavor to relieve the horrors of the situation, it has been proposed that the prisoners be employed in the manufacture of such things as must be used in the service of the State itself, and which the State would be obliged to buy. This would give the needed employment to the convicts, and would be only supplying the things that the State must have anyhow. Among the things that would be thus supplied were the uniforms of the State troops or national guard. It was decided by the State authorities to manufacture these. But as soon as this was learned by the troops, it was resented, "there was general indignation," and they threatened to mutiny rather than to wear any such clothing. What the outcome of this particular phase of the dif-ficulty has been, or will be, we do not know. But even though the issue were not raised, and the troops were content to wear the clothing so made, by the principle upon which the constitutional provision was established, we do not see how this plan could be allowed to be car-ried out. The purpose of the constitutional provision is to pre-vent prison products from coining into competition with the product of outside labor. It is therefore forbidden to offer in the public market the products of prison labor. This, in order that the outside general laborer may not be in danger of losing the due return for his labor, by  being obliged to stand the competition of convict labor.. Yet this same thing is done when the convict labor supplies all the needs of the State; for then the State getg for practically nothing what otherwise it would be obliged to buy in open market at a fair price. Certainly, there-fore, this would diminish to that extent the sale of the product of outside general labor; and is in competi-tion with outside labor, as really as though the product of convict labor were allowed to go on the regular market. Therefore it is plain that even though the troops were content to wear the prison-made clothing, the principle of this constitutional provision would not allow the ele-ment that secured its adoption, to suffer this plan to be carried out; because in this way the very purpose of the constitutional provision is frustrated just so far as the-proposed plan should be applied. It is therefore perfectly plain that under that provi-sion of the Constitution of the State of New York, the only thing that can be done with the State convicts is to,  keep them in absolute idleness. For it is impossible to have them employed at any work without competing with workers outside whose occupation is at the same kind of work whatever it may be. But that alternative forces the prisoners into the po-sition where they are the prey of evils to which death is preferable, and which when they cannot end in suicide, culminate in insanity. Surely, then, it is plain enough that there is but one thing to do with that provision of the ConstitutionŠthat is, to wipe it out at the earliest possible moment. This, however, would be plain enough, even though there was none of this evil brought upon the prisoners. It would be plain enough, even though it were a benefit instead of an injury to the convicts. Let us leave out all the present situation, and look at the principle as it is in the beginning. There, are thousands of men in prison, who, while they are kept there, must be fed and clothed. There is no es-caping that. And this is a great expense to the State. Now the question is, Shall the State bear all this expense itself, or shall it cause the convicts themselves to bear it by employing them in such a way that their labor shall pay the expense of keeping them? In other words, Shall they support themselves and so cost the State nothing, or shall the State support them at great expense? This. provision of the Constitution says in substance that the State shall support them at great expense, while they do. nothing It is true that the claim is that this is necessary and right "to protect the interests of labor." But there is precisely where lies the fallacy of the whole question. The interests of labor are not in any sense protected by this scheme. Look at it. What is the State of New York? It is simply the people who inhabit the territory that com-poses, physically, what is known by metes and bounds or on a map as the State of New York. 