THE SENTINEL. 339 as in that State, our country would be a Continental Sodom, without righteous men enough to save it. It will be observed that with character-istic recklessness Mr. Crafts misquotes his own book. The San Francisco pastor did not 'say, " In some Christian families," but he did say, " Among the Christian peciple of California." Mr. Crafts should practice what he preaches. He shotild be fair himself before he demands that others treat him fairly. But we fail to. see wherein our use of the quotation from .Crafts's book was unfair. Both lay-men and ministers in California testified three years after the repeal of the Sunday law that on the whole the Sabbath was better observed and Christian services better attended in California than five years before. .This we still understand to apply not to "some Christian families," but to the whole community. And it is evident-  that Mr. Crafts hiniself so under-stood it, for the facts which we have quoted from his book are prefaced with the following, set in italics :Š A.Uother element of hope in the United States is that the West has improved in Sabbath observance (except in the largest cities), as .the communities have °changed from frontier Territories into settled ' Statea. Then, after only four and one-half lines relative to Dakota and Wyoming, follows the: statement quoted, that " both laymen and ministers say that even in California the Sabbath is, on the whole, better ob-served, and Christian services better at-tended than five years ago." This Mr. Crafts gives in his book as an encouraging fact. He made it his own then; now he seeks to repudiate it, and likens California to Sodom. But we feel sure that in this lie''does that State injustice. Personal kno*ledge.of the State, and of the people of that State, justify us in expressing this opinion; but we prefer to let the fact rest itian the testimony of another. In a letter td the New York Observer of October 2, " Holloway," a correspondent of that paper, writes as follows of Sunday observ-ance in San Francisco :Š True, there are some drawbacks here as there are in all the cities Of our land. Attractive as the city is, and in its main features very desirable as a place ' of .residence; yet the good people who have come from the East regret the absence of some things with which they have always been familiar. There are no Sabbath laws in California and no recognition of it on the statute books of the State. Labor of all kinds can be carried on without hindrance, stores may remain open for the transaction of business as on any other day of the week, places of amusement may be open without interference from the authorŁ ities, while noisy demonstrations can go on as usual. But while there is the absence of all Sunday laws we must not draw the conclusion that there is no respect paid to the Lord's day. Truth compels us to state the fact that San Francisco is a Sabbath keeping city. The drift is plainly in that direction. The moral sentiment of the people is largely in its favor, and with very rare exceptions you will find as much order and quiet in the streets as in some of our most favored Eastern cities. Those who knew California twenty years ago, new witness a far different order of things. The mass of the People respect and keep the Lord's day. No merchant of any' respectability keeps his store open on the Sab- bath. The wharves are deserted. The Italian fruit ° dealers in many localities close up their places of business, and even in the Chinese quarter of the city there is some recognition of the fact that this one day calls for a regard to decency and order, if not for religious reverence. " Hollow ay " has stated the facts just as we know them to exist in California. Truth, he says, compels him to say that " San Francisco is a Sabbath - keeping city. "Truth is mighty," but it seems to be powerless to compel Mr. Crafts to do California justice. Sunday work and Sunday business instead of being on the increase in that State are on the decrease even in the cities. The drift is in the direction of more general rest upon that day. We do not say that this is due to a growing regard for the day; indeed we incline to the opinion that it is right in line with the general tendency of the times, which is toward shorter hours and more holidays; but that does not alter the case. Mr. Crafts insists that civil law is essential to the preservation of the working man's rest day. The growth of Sunday rest in California in the absence of a Sunday law is a complete refutation of Mr. Crafts's arguments in favor of " a civil Sabbath ; " hence the anxiety of him-self and his friends to secure as soon as possible the passage of a Sunday law in that State. The drift is now toward more general rest on Sunday. Now if they can only secure a Sunday law they can in a year or two claim that the improvement is due to the law. According to Mr. Crafts's theory Cali-fornia ought to be just what he represents it to be, a veritable Sodom; but according to the facts it is as the Observer's corres-pondent represents it. The trouble with Mr. Crafts is that he cannot at the same time be loyal to the facts and to his theory; therefore he remains true to the theory, regardless of the facts. He cannot con-ceive of the possibility that he is mistaken, as he must be if the facts are as we know them to be, and as " Holloway " states them; therefore he closes his eyes to the facts, and accuses those who decline to do the same thing, of dishonesty. C. P. B. The Wori. of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. WITH that which its name indicates to be the legitimate work of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union we have ever been in the most hearty sympathy. But we regret to say that the Union has not always confined itself to Christian tem-perance work; it has turned aside into politics, and instead of relying for success upon the power. of God as manifested through the gospel, it has invoked the power of the State to enforce what it un-derstands to be Christian duty. In short, neglecting the power of the gospel, the Woman's Christian Temperance Union has allowed lust for political power to become its ruling spirit. This has been a source of sincere regret to us, as it has been to other friends of Christian temper-ance work, and we have from time to time, as we have observed these digres-sions, criticised the Union. Nor are we alone in this. This same lust for power has lead the Union to demand an import-ant change in the fundamental law of the Methodist Church, and to accompany that demand by a threat of establishing a rival church. This threat the Christian Advo-cate, of this city, makes the occasion of administering a rebuke to these good women, quite as sharp as any criticism that we have ever made. We reprint, for the information of our readers, the follow-ing somewhat lengthy extract from the Advocate's article :Š THE WOMAN'S CHRISTIAN TEMPERANCE UNION. With the history of this powerful or-ganization we have been familiar from its beginning, nor has it ever been referred to in the Christian Advocate except in words of commendation. To its internal controversies no reference has been made; none of its principles or proceedings have been criticised, directly or indirectly, in this paper. Its editor has on various oc-casions presided at its meetings, intro-duced its speakers, and served it according to his measure and the desire of its mem-bers. In his capacity as a member of the Gen-eral Conference of 1880 he strenuously opposed the granting of permission to Miss Frances E. Willard to address the Con-ferenceŠnot because she was a womanŠfor he has listened to her, spoken on the same platform with her, and never has been opposed to women speaking in public on religion or any other subject in the proper time and place. The opposition was upon these grounds, that she did not represent an ecclesiastical body; her ad-mission would require the admission of representatives of another similar associa-tion; and that there were a large number of non-ecclesiastical bodies desiring to ob-tain admission. On these principles he has ever acted, both in the Annual and the General Conference, opposing the ad-mission of men on the same grounds, and is ready to do so again in any ecclesiastical executive or legislative body of which he may be a member. But it now becomes necessary to show that the Woman's Christian Temperance Union has adopted female suffrage as a principle in both State and Church, and that it discusses and as an organization has committed itself to the promotion of changes in the Methodist Episcopal Church, using its societies, which obtain access to 