664 AMERICAN SENTINEL. sad to think that in good old New England one has got to sit down and let evil reign supreme. There is some-thing wrong somewhere. Either the laws are not what they should be, or else those in positions to execute them are in league with those that break them!' This is the view of things to which one is educated by the teaching that Sabbath observance must be preserved by law. Unless the laws against Sunday observance can be enforced, "one has got to sit down and let evil reign supreme"! No hope in the efficacy of gospel preaching to overcome evil, no hope in the power of God to regen-erate the heart, or in the softening influence of the mes-sage of divine love upon even the hardened sinnerŠno confidence in any power to overcome evil except that of human statutes executed by the sheriff and the courts! How far from Christianity is such a view! Yes; "there is something wrong somewhere," and not only in that neighborhood, but in every neighborhood the world over. Men are bad, thoroughly bad. The great majority of them are controlled by the carnal mind, and the heart that "is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked." And the great majority of the race have been in this condition almost since time began. Adam, the head and beginning of the race, fell from his perfection and became carnal, in the Garden of Eden. That is the something that is wrong somewhere and everywhere; but the Defender's correspondent seems to be nearly six thousand years behind the times in getting at the fact. There is no use trying to reform society by law. Only that which can transform can properly reform the descendants of Adam. Laws are useless without senti-ment to support them, and the sentiment cannot be manufactured by the law. The sentiment is the proper source of the law, and not law the source of sentiment. The transforming power that is available in this world is that of divine grace; and that is as powerful to-day as ever. Relying upon that, no one need ever feel that he must sit down in despair. Rome's Advice to the United States Regarding the Philippines. THE Roman Catholic view of the proper solution of the religious problems raised by the coming of the Phil-ippine Islands under the authority of the United States is presented in a late issue of the Catholic World, by "Father" Doyle. This papal spokesman wants Protest-ant missionaries to keep out of the Philippines, and plainly hints at his regret that he has not the power to give his wishes in the matter the force of a command. He says moreover that the passing away of the old Spanish system is a fortunate thing, because with that out of the way the Philippinos will become more attached to the priestsŠas if it were not a fact that the Spanish government and the Catholic Church are in close alli- ance, each one giving its sanction to the principles and deeds of the other. We quote the following:Š "The coming of the American system at this time is very providential to the native Filipinos. The loves and the religious associations of their childhood, now that they are stripped of all tyrannous exactions from the civil order, will revive, and the devotion they have al-ways had for the padres will assert itself. If in the next few years the administration of affairs is conducted with wisdom, we may hope to win the entire native popula-tion to our side. We must learn a lesson from our 'cen-tury of dishonor' with the American Indians. If we send among the Tagals `swaddlers' and politicians to sow corruption and degradation, we shall reap the whirlwind in dissension and revolution. The possession of the Philippines will become a very costly experiment, and what is worse than mere loss of money, our influence, which has been given to us to uplift and free, will be per-verted to debauch and enslave. Were I in authority I would persuade every Protestant minister to stay away from Manila. [Italics ours.] I would select the most thorough Americans among the Catholic priests of the country, and establish an entente cordiale between them and the civil authoritieS. I would appoint as governor-general a broad-minded military manŠone who under-stands the inner workings of the Catholic religion. He need not be a Catholic, but he should have no antipa-thies against the church, and should strive to gain the sympathetic adherence of the ecclesiastical authorities. He should proceed in the establishment of courts and tribunals on the American plan, he should look out for the sanitation of the cities, suppression of rampant vice, and, as he is in duty bound, leave religion to its own de-vices. Proceeding on these lines, we shall not conquer the Philippines so much as we shall win them to our way and methods, and not many years will have passed before we shall have planted among the Orientals the seeds of the freest and best government on the face of the earth." But the "freest and best government on the face of the earth" would not be where all other religions are ex- cluded except the Roman Catholic. Where such exclu-sion has been maintained, the governments have been at the very opposite extreme of the freest and best, as wit-ne-ss some of the governments in South America. The purposes of Rome are evidently not changing upon this point. The statement by "Father" Doyle that a whirlwind of "dissension and revolution" will follow in the Philip-pines unless care is taken to leave the people under Cath- olic influence and control, hardly accords with the claim that five-sixths of the people have been converted to Christianity; as is claimed by Catholic authorities. It does not speak very favorably for the Roman Catholic idea of conversion. True Christians are not thus led into raising whirlwinds of violence and crime. "Jr is an excellent paper. Its politics are according to the gospel," is what a Methodist minister from Wis-consin writes in reference to the SENTINEL; at the same remitting $1 for a year's subscription. 