\ N".\\ \Ns \\-\\ Equal and exact justice to all men, of wflateyer state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, APRIL 24, 1889. NUMBER 14. ;Fir An2eFical2 Ser2tir2e1. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, 1W THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, } ALONZO T. JONES,  SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS: J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNswoRTH, DAN T. JONES THE New Jersey Conference of the M. E. Church, numbering over two hundred ministers, at a recent session in Salem, New Jersey, unani-mously indorsed the movement in behalf of a na-tional Sunday-Rest law in the Government service, and, also heartily commended the various publi-cations of the American Sabbath Union. This commendation of course included the request, con-tained in the "Monthly Document " for December, that the strength of the Sunday-law petition be duplicated by securing the individual signatures of those who had previously been counted for it in Massachusetts. A MAN cannot publish a Sunday newspaper in Arkansas without rendering himself liable to im-prisonment, or the payment of a fine. Such is the law. The use of the shot-gun is, however, still fashionable. It was in this State that the Seventh-day Baptists were so shamefully perse-cuted a few years ago, for insisting upon the right, under the Constitution, of working six days in the week, and resting on the only day declared in the Bible to be sacred time. It is a little surpris-ing that the National Reform Association does not remove its headquarters to Arkansas.ŠDeni-son Texas Gazetteer. I/ 1* THE Christian Union, in commenting on the resolution passed by the Boston ministers' meeting, accusing all those ministers who do not work for prohibition in their pulpits, of being in alliance with the enemies of the church and the State, says some things that are very pertinent in this time, when there is a growing desire for the pul-pit to shape legislation. It says :Š " We have often expressed our conviction that it is unwise, except in very extraordinary cases, for the clergy of any denomination to identify themselves with any particular party, or any par-ticular form of legislation. We do not think that the issue raised by the prohibitory movement consti-tutes one of the rare exceptions to the general principle. The ministers will do wisely not to identify the religion of Christ with any particular temporary political measure; they will do unwisely if they attempt to convert their churches into po-litical machines for the purpose of carrying specific enactments, whether constitutional or legislative." THE Rev. Dr. Harcourt, a Methodist pastor of San Francisco, is reported as having expressed him-self in the following sensible manner concerning Sunday newspapers:Š "I am inclined to think that a preacher who cannot get an audience without a stringent Sun-day law, could not get one with it. There are some of my own cloth so strict in the observance of the Sabbath that the sight of a Sunday news-paper throws them into a fit of nausea, the work of which is done on Saturday, while they are the first to get Monday's raper, the work of which is done on Sunday. 0 consistency, thou art a jewel! It is possible for even ministers to convert a festi-val into a funeral, and to make infidels out of the mourners. The Sunday newspapers have come to stay. Would it not be better for us to set ourselves about elevating their general tone rather than de-crying their existence ? And if, as some say, the people stay at home to read their Sunday papers in preference to going to church, then let us make our sermons so strong and helpful to men that they will give their preference to the church and the sermon." Why the People Do Not Go to Church. SOME time ago there was a large conference of the principal clergymen of New York City to consider the question of why the people do not go to church. The great object of the Sunday laws that are, so much demanded is that the people may be'able to go to church. It is claimed that without a Sunday law people are compelled to work, and so have no chance to go to church, and, therefore, Sunday laws are sought, to stop all work on Sunday, and that then the churches will be filled. The New York conference contin-ued three days, and the preachers discussed the subject quite largely. While they were theoriz-ing about the matter, the New York World sent out reporters to the people themselves, to find out why they did not go to church; and in its issue of Sunday, December 9, the World devotes four columns of space to the replies made by all classes of people to the question put to them by the re-porters. The answers of seventy-five different persons are given, and only six out of the seventy-five gave answers which by any proper construc-tion make it appear that being compelled to work on Sunday keeps them from church. One said if they would give him permission to talk back to the preacher he would like to go; when the preacher had all the say he would rather stay at home. Another said if he should go there was danger of the church falling on him, and so he would stay away. Another said his conscience would not allow him go, because he did not take any stock in the things the preach-ers were preaching about, and he would be more interested in looking at the girls in the other pews, and that would not be right. He. said it is all well enough for the rich people who have time  for that sort of thing, but for a poor fellow like himŠwell he "did not need it." Another one declared he did not go to church because he did not believe what the preachers teach. Another said the preachers did not preach sensibly, and he would not go to church till they did. Another said he did not go to church because the one to which he belonged was about two or three miles from home, and besides that it was good enough to interest the old men and women, but for him it was about as entertaining as a funeral. A young lady said she did not believe in churches, but yet she was not willing to say she was an unbeliever, but she was not satisfied with the way a good many of the ministers act. Another said he was not dressed well enough. Another, that she was poor, and when she did go she was always received with such a patronizing airŠwas given to under stand that a great sacrifice was being made for such as she, and that she ought to feel thankful for the efforts that were made to save the poorŠthat she did not feel as though she was welcome. Another one said she did go, but she was poor and poorly dressed, and the usher stared at her and told her she would find a seat in the gallery; she went up there and into a pew, and those who were there drew away from her, because their clothes were nicer than hers; and she chose to stay at home after that. Another one said it would not put fine clothes on his back, nor money in his pocket. Another one said he had gone to church many years, and was not entirely out of the habit, yet he was afraid he would soon be, be-cause of the monotonous humdrum order of the service and sermons. Another one said the preacher was too far away from the common people, and liked the society of fashionable and rich people too much to welcome the common people. A number of persons who were Catholics were asked why they did not go to church, and the answers were much of the same sort. Four did not like the priests; another had no belief in re-ligion; one had taken a vow that he would never enter church again; two found more pleasure in going to other places than to church; another said he was asked ten cents at the door every time, and he stopped going; another said he was asked five cents a head every Sunday for himself and family, and he could not afford it. One of the reporters met another gentleman in the city, who was working in the same line, to solve the problem as to why people do not go to church. He was working especially among the laboring classes, and he gave six reasons of all he had found amongst the working people as to why they did not gc, to church : First, was need of recreation after the hard work of the week, so they would take that rather than go to church ; second, secret societies helped them EDITORS. 