64 .A.MMILLUC..A.N VoL. 8, No. 7. or the law-making power to put down any public enterprise that happened to be in-imical to his work. He never resorted to anything like retaliation or coercion, no matter what hindrances came in his way. When he went to a place and could not carry on his work because of the unbelief and hostility of the people, he simply went away and left them to themselves. Neither Christ nor his apostles ever sought either municipal or provincial or imperial enactments for the special benefit of their work; although wherever they went they found the conditions a hun-dred fold more unfavorable than in any part of California. They boldly proclaimed the gospel where it was treason to uphold any god but such as were recognized by a pagan government; but they asked no special fa-vors, and asked no one to get out of their way. This is Christianity; to strive for the mastery by human right or power, by municipal ordinances or provincial laws, is common politics. If Christian churches would pursue their work in the same spirit as did He whom they profess to fol-low and proclaim, they would no doubt wield more Christian influence if not so much political power.. Are We "a Christian Nation?" [This comment on the opinion from Justice Brewer that this is " a Christian Nation " is re-printed in the Weekly Review from the St. Louis Republic. A. CORRESPONDENT, commenting on the increasing tendency to make religious ob-servance a matter of compulsion by the direct or indirect use of civil enactment, denies that the Supreme Court was sound either in the law or the evidence when it asserted this to be " a Christian Nation." This, of course, was the language of the demagogue, the hypocrite, the Pharisee. We are not yet free from those who de-vour the substance of widows and, for a pretense, make long prayers; and whether these are in or out of office, they are the ones who are most urgent for compulsion as the handmaid of religion. These are the ones who always stand ready to appeal to Caesar and to force him, even when he is unwilling, to crucify every Christ who is sent to them. It was never intended that this should be " a Christian Nation." It was intended that Christians, Jews, heathens, and in-fidels should live together here in full en-joyment of entire liberty of conscience. It was never intended that any Jew or any heathen should be compelled to ask any Christian or any number of Chris-tians for toleration in America. It was asserted, on the contrary, that liberty of conscience is a matter of every man's right, and not of the mere toleration of any government or any majority what-ever. To a certain class of persons it seems hopeless that the doctrines of Christianity should ever make their way by their own inherent force. Of these, the disciple who cut off the ear of the high priest's servant and then thrice denied his own Master was the type. They are continually at-tempting to draw the sword of the State to strike some one whom they regard as an enemy of ; to cut off the power of some class in the community that they regard as inimical to Christianity. To them there is no meaning in the command, " Put up thy sword into the sheath ; " and they can understand nothing of that self-sacrifice which, with power to call " le- gions of angels," yet relies solely on the power of truthŠon the compulsion that sooner or later truth, if there be no vio-lence to convert it to error, must exert over reason. This is not "a Christian Nation," and as long as Christianity is perverted into an excuse for using the force of the State it will be slow in becoming a Christian peo-ple. The truest Christianity we have is reli-gious liberty. If we maintain it we will finally work out the highest possible type of religion by reaching a clearer and fuller understanding of what Christianity really means. If we lose it we lose everything. Does It Teach Apostolic Doctrines? THE Apostolic Guide, that journal which advocates church unity, and at the same time persecution of those who re-fuse to keep Sunday, has this, under the heading, " Fighting the Sects :" It is never in order to fight other churches. It is our duty to contend earnestly for the faith once for all delivered to the saints. . . . The evangelist.must have love for truth and love for men in equal proportion. He must endeavor to persuade men of the truth of the gospel. If the Guide, and all others who are clamoring for Sunday laws, would follow this principle, there would be many more Christians than there are, for this is the plan which Jesus and his disciples fol-lowed, and which they left for all other believers to follow. It is the Christian's duty to "persuade men of the truth of the gospel," and not compel them. Christ taught this, and, if we are Christians, we shall do the same, for we shall be Christ-like. Men would turn to the Lord if we went to them in this spirit, but it is impos-sible to make Christians by compulsion. They will pretend to be good, but the heart will be just as evil as ever. Is this the kind of Christians God requires? " Man looketh on the outward appear-ance, but the Lord looketh on the heart." It is heart-service that the Lord requires; the State would not make this kind of Christians, but only hypocrites. But one would think to read the fore-going quotation from the Guide that it endeavored to make Christians in the way Christ taught, that is, by persuasion. Does it? Let us see :Š The State has the right to whatever is essential to existence. Moral teaching is essential to its ex-istence. Hence, it has the right to moral teaching. No moral teaching can be secured without the ob-servance of the Sabbath, or the Lord's day. Hence, the State has the right to enact and to enforce laws suspending all unnecessary work upon that day. Certainly no legislation can compel people to be pious. But by proper and wise legislation the State can make it easy for people to do right. It can remove the hindering causes that at present keep an army of men at work upon railways, in post-offices, in express offices and in divers kinds of work which can be postponed without serious in-jury to any one. No power save that which origi-nates from the weekly observance of the Lord's day in Sunday-schools, in preaching and other re-ligious training can pluck out immoral tendencies and supply the people with moral strength to resist temptation and equip themselves for the moral battles of life. The abolition of the Sabbath, or the Lord's day, will abolish moral instruction. The abolition of moral instruction will ruin the State. The issue, therefore, resolves itself into the balanc-ing of the injury inflicted upon a few men who hold to the observance of the Sabbath against that inflicted upon the whole State. It is better for a few Adventists to suffer than for the whole State to break to pieces by the complete desecration of the day. Is not the Guide somewhat inconsis-tent? It first says that Christians should persuade men to be religious, and should  do this by means of the Sunday-school, the pulpit, the observance of the Sabbath, and other religious training, and then argues that to make men religious the State has the right "to enact and enforce laws suspending all unnecessary work upon Sunday." It then says, " Certainly no legislation can compel people to be pious." What are Sunday laws for if they are not to make men religious? If they are not for this purpose, why does the Church interfere in such matters? What has it to do with civil affairs? Its business is to preach the gospel, and not to enforce civil law. The Guide is trying to bring about church unity, but it can not do this until it is more consistent in its teachings; until it stops " fighting the sects." There can never be church union while one body of Christians is fighting another. It tends to destroy Christianity, and not to upbuild it. What has brought about the disunion that we see to-day? Nothing but a union of Church and State. There can never be church union while the State interferes with religious matters; because persecution of some of "the sects" is the inevitable result of a union of Church and State. The Guide professes to be Christian and to teach apostolic doctrines. Is it Christian? Does it teach these doctrines? It owns that this persecution is wicked in these words :Š To "fight the sects" in a pugilistic spirit, with a pugnacious air . . . in the year 1892, is not only a manifestation of the "old Adam," but a lamentable anachronism of ignorance. And yet it believes that for the good of the State those who believe and act con-trary to its teaching should be punished. Is this consistent? This " fighting the sects " does not end with imprisonment, but death has been the penalty for keep-ing God's commandments, and is to be, if this persecution is allowed to go on. It was so in the Dark Ages, and always is the case when the State has the inter-pretation of the law of God. It is not true that the .State has a right to enforce moral teaching because it can not exist without it. It can exist with-out it, because religion and the State are entirely separate things. Irreligion does not necessarily harm men civilly, only morally, therefore the State has no right to interfere with it. The State can pun-ish a man for getting drunk, because he is liable to harm his fellow-man; but if he is irreligious, he does his fellow-man no civil harm by being so. If a man has the love of God in his heart he will do good, no matter how much immorality he sees around him. The Guide argues that if men do not keep Sunday, or keep some other day than Sunday, it is a degradation to society. This alone shows that there is no sacred-ness in Sunday, because if it were a sacred day those who observe it would keep it from love, and would not turn from it be-cause others do. The non-observance of the Sabbath by others would have no effect upon them. The Guide says : " It is undoubtedly true that the Adventist has the right to live." How long would they have this right if the State continued to interfere with their religion. Or, in other words, if religious bigots had their way, how long would it be before the Adventist would be shut from society altogether ? How long before he would be told to stop preaching his heretical doctrine ? Human 