652 AMERICAN-  SENTINEL. originates from selfishness, we spoke of the fall of the great angel Lucifer, who said he would exalt his throne above the stars of God, and be like the Most-High in po-sition. The principle that actuated him was that of self-exaltation, that would lead to the putting down of all others, or to the making of a final tyranny. His was a beast-like spirit, the spirit that has actuated every earthly government that has departed from the princi-ples of liberty. It is his spirit that makes earthly gov-ernments develop the beast-like characteristics. Satan is called the dragon, the old serpent'`that deceiveth the whole earth. But selfishness is beast-like and satanic; and when governments are permitted to work out what is in them, they work out the spirit of the dragon and of the beast. The history of the nations of the past, and even of the present, will furnish us with plenty of illustra-tions of this fact. But as nations are made up of individ-uals, and the State is only the sum total of its majorities, this,question has a bearing on every individual; and each one has a part to act either in giving power to the beast, or in building up the kingdom of God which is in right-eousness and peace and joy in the earth. In a short time we shall come to the beast who is to imitate the miracle of Elijah in bringing fire down on the earth; but our next talk will be'on the first beast of this chapter, and I want you to look up all you can on the characteristics of the lion. Meanwhile, my dear boy, ask the God of love to continually fill us with the spirit of love, that has been symbolized by the dove that is solarmless and guileless; for if we possess not the spirit of the beast, but of the dove, we shall belong to the eternal kingdom. God rules by love, and not by force; His throne's upheld above, Not by the might that would coerce, But by the might of love. P..13! How Ed Spoiled the Meeting. "HELLO, Jimmy, where are you going?" "0, I am going over to uncle Will's. Father wants me to ask him whether he will be at home to-morrow." Ł "Why, what's up; is, there going to be a meeting somewhere?" "Oh no, but 'pa wants to see him about buying a 'horse." "What ! on Sunday? - I thought your father and your uncle Will were church members." "So they are, and ma, and aunt Lucy, too; but uncle Will goes down to his pinery most every Sunday, and looks over his timber; and, I suppose, calculates about the lumber it will make. He says his health is poor, and that a walk in the fragrant pinery does him lots of good. Pa was afraid he would have to walk out- to his pinery again, to-morrow, for his health; but thought, may be, he would stay at home if he expected him there." "Wouldn't a walk in some other pinery do your uncle 11  ill as much good. as a stroll in his own?" "I haVe thoUght about that a good deal; and won=: dered Whether God would be pleased with such Sabbath-keeping. SuppoSe theKwill tally horse trade,  just for, health, and because pa wants the horse, to drive to meet-ing on Sunday; but if the children.shonld laugh, or talk too loud, tap, tap, tap, Will go uncle-Will's" booted foot on the floor, and all will have to be as still as mice.".  "It's just so at our house, too. SoMetimes I look out through the open window and wish I was a free bird, or squirrel, or fish; and it makes me just, hate Sunday, and almost makes me hate the Bible, too. 0, say, Jimmy, did YOu ever hear about how Ed Day almost spoiled a meeting that was held at his father's house last spring?" "No; tell me how he did it." "Well, they didn't have meetings over in Maple viol-/low very often, and when they did they were most always held at Mr. Day's house. He and his wife are both mem-bers of the church, you know. One Sunday, in sugar time, the people were gathered from all round, the minis-ter was there, and all were waiting for Mr. Day to come in (from his sugar bush where he had gone for his health, I suppose). Presently he opened the door and walked in, when Ed (he was a little fellow) spoke right out loud so all could hear: `Pa, did you leave the sap boiling?' You ought to have seen the people grinning, and Mr. Day looking as if he wanted to give Ed a shaking. I guess he got it after meeting." "You know Lock's folks, don't you, Johnny? Well, I was over there one day, and Mrs. Lock was showing me a nice box that her husband had made for her, when her boy Johnnie spoke up and said: My pa made that box on Sunday.' Why, Johnnie Lock f' said, his mother, he did not make the box on Sunday, yon naughty boy.' Why, yes,Ł ma,' don't you remember; it was when'you was tacking down the carpet in the 'hall.' Mrs. Lock ad-mitted that she put down the carpet on Sunday, because she expected the minister to take dinner with them; and that Mr. Lock did do a little finishing work on the box at the same time. "Well, these good Christian(?) church members held a meeting over at uncle. Jake's, where they all talked in favor of 'having a Sunday law passed to make every-body keep the Sabbath. What do you think about that, Johnnie?" "Well, it looks as though they thought God's Sab-bath law was not strong enough, or perfect enough, or something; and that men knew better than God did how to make a law that would help everybody to keep the Sabbath. It doesn't look just right to me, though. If these church members want other folks to keep the Sab-bath, why don't they keep it themselves as Christians ought to?" "But;, Johnnie, the commandment of God doesn't say anything about keeping Sunday, but the seventh day, which is Saturday." "Al Wilson showed Me hoW it reads in the Bible. You.  know his folks keep Saturday for Sunday." "Well, if the Bible reads that way, I say we ought to 