FEBRUARY 27, 1896. A.,IVM CA.N' -21'kTi1t Nk,f, 6f MAKING NOMINAL CHRISTIANS. [Present Truth, London, England.] A JAPANESE missionary, discussing the influence of missions in that country, says that the recent war with China has been the occasion of great changes in the general sentiment. Anxious to show that in their idea following the Lord does not in any wise hinder men from fighting and killing their neighbors, the natives professing Christianity distinguished themselves in the field, and the old dislike to " Christianity " has so "broken down that the whole army has been thrown open to Christian influences." The missionary hopes that the Educational Department will be influenced to take the same course, in which case he sees a rosy future before Japan. It would not then be impossible that Christianity might take on the form called political, in which the upper classes would profess it and thus hasten the day when Japan would become nominally a Christian nation. It is plain that the same danger that is before the churches in professedly Christian nations is before missionaries in these great heathen lands which are coming under Wes-tern influences. It is the temptation to make Christians in some easier way than by the preaching of the Cross. The missionaries who ifint went to these lands had no arm of flesh to rely upon, and in the face of the keenest ',opposition of the powers that be they iproved the higher power of the Cross of Christ. As the primitive church endured the opposition of 'the Roman world and grew under it, but fell before the friendship of that world, so now in these older mission fields a greater danger confronts the gospel than the hostility of earthly powers. This growing dependence on political in-fluence for doing a religious work is a sign of the times. It is at the root of the Sunday-law movement and all the religio political controversies continually agitating churches and legislative bodies. It is a sign of a weak-ening hold on gospel principles here, as it is in Japan. Indeed, the missionary whom we quote says that the life of the Japanese churches is not seen in large additions, " nor in any special activity in creating a Christian }literature." They "are suffering from the ; same world-causes that affect church attend-:ance in our own land." This explains the readiness with which an easier way of making ,nominal professers is welcomed. It is one of -the dreams of the last days that all the world its to be Christianized. The prophet pre-dicted this in the words: " And it shall come to pass in the last days, that the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills; and all nations shall flow unto it. And many people shall go and say, Come ye, and let us go up to the house of the God of Jacob." Isa. 2:2,3. The " many people " make fair professions, Šthey will walk.in the Lord's ways, and beat their swords into ploughshares, and learn war no more. But while the nominal profession is made, and they say one to another, "Come ye and do these things," we know from the Word that none of them will take the Lord's way, nor give up swords and spears, however much they may cry peace. The actual prac-tice will be directly contrary to the profes-sion and, as Joel says, the ploughshares will be turned into swords, until the coming of the Lord brings his wrath upon the angry nations. When it is shown that the warning messages of Revelation 14 are directed against the  principles of the Papacy, it is sometimes asked how that can be when these great East-ern nations are professedly non-Christian. Really, the principles- of the Papacy are but borrowed from the Oriental religions, and there is a striking similarity in doctrines and practices. But aside from this,- every year sees these countries brought nearer the formal,  recognition of nominal Christianity. Nominal Christianity fused with pagan philosophy to make the papal religion. Now we see a like movement, by which Christianity is toned down to a mere philos-ophy, and it is considered a mark of breadth of view to be able to recognize points of con-tact between Christianity and the Oriental religions. A Sunday law passed in Korea at once leads religious journals to the conclusion that Korea is nearly a Christian country. Thus European Governments are made nom-inally Christian, and it perhaps not unreason-ably supposed that the nations of the East will yet follow in the same way. But it will be the work of the missionary with Christ's message to teach that no nom-inal profession can save from unrighteousness. All the governments may unite to make it easy for the people to be nominal Christians, but only in the preaching of the Cross, with its denial of self and its crucifixion unto the world, will be found the power that actually saves from sin. And the world will always make it as difficult as possible to be this kind of Christian. Ł -411-Ł- HAS GEORGIA RELIGIOUS LIBERTY? [Rev. E. T. Hiscox, D. D., of Mount Vernon, N. Y., in Christian 'Index, Atlanta, Georgia, Jan. 16, 1896. The Index is the organ of the Baptist denomination in Georgia. Dr. Hiscox is a7well-known Baptist minis-ter and author.] DOES religious liberty exist in the State of Georgia ? Yes; to a certain extent. To a considerable extent. But not fully. This may be a surprising statement to many of the citizens of that most noble and excellent State. Toleration generally prevails, but not universally. For while the Seventh-day Ad-ventists are arrested, fined, and imprisoned for doing secular work on Sunday, the State assumes dictation in matters of conscience and religion, with which questions it has no right to meddle. And while the State makes laws to compel the observance of a Sunday sabbath, and to punish by civil penalties all who do any secular work on that day, it violates its own bill of rights as well as the Constitution of the United States, and the moral sense of the civilized world. And such laws should be universally reprobated. Those who observe Sunday as a day of rest and worship, have a right to be protected by law in the peaceable enjoyment of the day. If the Adventists do disturb them, they are amenable to law as disturbers of the peace. So have the Adventists and Jews the same right to be protected by law in the observance of Saturday as a Sabbath. As the Sabbath is a religious institution, each man is to decide for himself which is his sabbath, a question which the State has no right to determine for any citizen, any more than which church he shall attend, or to what Sunday schools his children shall go. The persecution of these Adventists by several of the Southern States, notably Ten-nessee, Arkansas, Maryland, Missouri, and Georgia, is a shame and a disgrace to our so-called Christian civilization. It is persecution for conscience' sake, pure and simple; and would not surprise us did it occur in Russia. All right-minded people must deplore and  condemn it, especially Baptists, who recall the hardships of their fathers two and a half centuries ago,ŠRoger Williams, Obadiah Holmes, John Clark and others in New Eng--land and Virginia. I' am not one of the Adventists, riOr have any personal knowledge of them,- but thy in formation comes from Court records of thet trials in those various States, and other' thenticated documentary evidence. But *he' shall suffer for his religion's sake, be he Baptist, Jew, Mohammedan, or pagan, and 1 burn not, so long as he practices his religion,  without abridging or disturbing the equal'  rights of others ? More of these cases have occurred in Ten-nessee perhaps than in any other State, and but few in Georgia. In Arkansas they have been quite numerous. Judge Parks, of Tennessee, before whom many cases were brought for trial, while sen- tencing them to fines and imprisonment, ex-pressed his regret at being compelled by his oath of office to do it, and declared the men good neighbors, most peaceable and worthy citizens, with no fault, except that they were proven to have done some work on Sunday, which they acknowledged, but which the law forbade them to do. Other judges and other records have given like testimony. Their Sunday working consisted in one case of set-ting out strawberry plants; in another of hoe-ing in the field; in another of hauling wood for the fire; in another of helping a poor widow without compensation. Nobody was disturbed, and these acts for the most part were away from public notice, and were sought out by the complainants. At the same time no notice was taken of saloons running contrary to law; of rail trains Łand steam boats running for excursions or ordi-nary traffic, doing secular work on Sunday; of furnaces and factories operating with thou-sands of men, violating the State statutes, without question or restraint. All the force of unjust legislation and spiteful informers has been evoked against a harmless and devout people, whose only crime is that they observe Saturday as the Sabbath, according to the higher law, as they understand it, and go quietly about their secular duties on Sunday as we do on Monday. Dr. Hawthorne said, at Saratoga, in May last, when a resolution condemnatory of this kind of persecution was under discussion before the Baptist Publication Society, if such things should be done in Georgia, they would hear from three hundred thousand Baptists in that State. Well, my dear doctor, just such a thing has been done in Georgia, but they have not yet heard from the three hundred thousand Baptists. Strictly speaking, accord-ing to the last year book, Georgia has 367,498 Baptist church members, with 2692 Baptist ministers. Surely enough to make their in-fluence felt against unrighteous legislation, and for the repeal of unjust and oppressive laws. But they have not been heard from on this behalf, perhaps for the want of such a leader as Dr. Hawthorne has shown himself to be in the other fields of reform. Now this is what happened in the great State of Georgia only about a week before that discussion in Saratoga: On May 15, Mr. J. Q. Allison, a Seventh-day Adventist, was tried before the circuit court at Douglasville, in , Douglas county, for "sabbath breaking," and sentenced to pay costs amounting to $22.05, or in default of payment to serve twelve months in the chain-gang, Judge Janes presiding. The offense for which Mr. Allison was tried and convicted was plowing in the field, the amount cif the plowing being " a small garden spot," as appears from the 