$30 - Vol.. 11, No. CZ. " APPLIED CHRISTIANITY." ONE of the objects, or we might better say, object of the Christian Citizenship League to apply the principles of Christianity in ivil affairs. One plank in its platform de-lares that "to make the will of God to be one on earth should be the chief aim of very follower of Him whose meat was to do he will of his Father." To express it in the riefest terms and in their own terminology, 'applied Christianity" is the goal of "Chris-an Citizenship." "Applied Christianity" is not Christianity pplied by the individual to his own acts in 11 the walks of life, in the home, in society, a business, in the church, and in the State; ut "applied Christianity" is the application_ f that which is called Christianity by means f civil law, not only to civil society, but to he conduct of the individual as well; that Ł, "applied Christianity" not only means hat civil society shall be governed by so-called 'Christian" principles crystallized into "law," at that civil society shall see to it that to he same extent the individual shall adopt nd practice these principles under penalty of ivil law. For instance, it is not enough in the view f the advocates of applied Christianity that ublic business shall cease on Sunday, that ivil society shall respect the day, but they nsist that individuals shall likewise cease bor and suspend business, and refrain largely rom the pursuit of the ordinary pleasures acident to holidays. Thus, "applied Chris-ianity" extends not only to civil society but o the individuals that compose society. The AMERICAN SENTINEL believes firmly Christianity, and that its principles should e the principles of every individual in the orld; and since in its last analysis all human ction is individual action, this is only saying hat all action in every sphere of life should e governed by Christian principles. But his is very far from saying that Christianity hould be applied by the State either to soci-ty or to the individual. Christianity is more than a system of ethics; is more than a code of rules governing ao-ion; it 48 a living principle, a vital force, a ivine life; it is not only God with us, but is God in us, through Christ. Says the pestle: "I am crucified with Christ: never-heless I live: yet not I, but Christ liveth in ae: and the life which I now live in the flesh live by the faith of the Son of God." This s true applied Christianity, and nothing lse is. To further develop this thought, let us cl.opt a simple illustration: Two men engage a business. One says, I shall be honest in 11 my dealings with my fellowmen though I offer loss, for this is right; it is the will of frod, and by his help I will put into daily ractice the Golden Rule, doing unto all men s I would have them do to me. The other .an has been taught honestly also, but from different standpoint; he says: I am resolved ) be honest in my dealings even though I iay sometimes lose thereby, for "honesty is r best policy," and in the long run I shall e the gainer. I shall acquire a reputation Ii at will be worth much to me in my busi-Oss, and shall leave behind me a good name, %utwardly these men may be equally up-ght so far as the world can see. Practically, eth men may be equally honest, but the one acting from Christian principle; the other om the most sordid motives. The life of one applied Christianity, the other an exhi-tion of the most subtle human selfishness. The moral is that Christianity is a matter of the heart, and is worthy the name only as it springs from love to God and to his law. It can be applied only by the individual, and only to his own life; for only the individual can possess it; and every man shall give ac-count of himself to God. It must be perfectly evident to every one that the State cannot even judge what is Christian principle, for, as we have seen, Christian principle is in the motive and not in the act alone. As we have shown, the same act may in two individuals spring from an entirely different principle or motive. The State can deal only with acts, and for the State to decide that certain acts are Christian, or that a certain line of action is Christian regardless of the motive of it, would only be to deny the fundamental principles of Chris-tianity. It would be to degrade Christianity to the level of a mere code of ethics, and to deny the spiritual power of Christianity. The sphere of the State is not to decide between the claims of rival religions, or even to decide what are the principles of any re-ligion, but to conserve the rights of all mcn. This it can do without trenching upon the rights of conscience and without being re-quired to judge the motives of the heart. Of course in many purely civil matters the mo-tive is inquired into in order to determine the degree of guilt, or whether indeed there is any guilt. For instance, homicide may be either justifiable or unjustifiable. It may be manslaughter in one or several degrees, or it may be murder in one of several degrees according to the motive. But this is a very different thing from saying beforehand that a certain line of conduct will be Christian, and that another certain line will be unchris-tian, regardless of the motive which prompts it. As the State has only to do with, acts in their relation to human rights, it has no oc-casion to inquire into the motive, farther than we have indicated. It has no occasion to pass upon the moral equality of acts, but only to determine that certain acts are civil and certain other acts are uncivil, and to re-quire that all men shall refrain from doing those things which are uncivil, that is, to forbid acts which trench upon the equal rights of others. It must be evident to all who have followed this line of thought carefully, that the State can know nothing of Christianity. It can know and take cognizance- only of human rights; hence any effort to apply Christianity by civil law, either to the State or to the individual, is an effort to unite Church and State; an effort to subordinate the State to the Church; an evil scarcely second to the subordination of the Church to the State. Indeed the results in both instances are the same, namely, to degrade the Church to the moral level of the State, to place Christian morals upon the low plain of utilitarianism. It follows that " applied Christianity" can be nothing more nor less than applied pagan-ism, because Christianity without the spirit-ual power that belongs to it ceases to be Christianity, and is only paganism. DID SHE CORRECTLY REPRESENT CHRIST ? Miss REBECCA FREAM is an east-side "mis-sionary" in this city. The question, "Did she correctly represent Christ?" can be an-swered by each reader for himself in the light of the following facts from the Evening World, of the 12th inst:Š. Miss Rebecca Fream was complainant in the Essex  Market Court today. against Fannie Eager, a poor widow, who lives with her three young children at g2 Norfolk Street, and Philip Gordon, fifteen years old, of 5l tsseX Street. Miss ?ream testified  that the woman was selling initiate froni a wash basket in Hester Street yesterday afternoon. The woman said she was penniless, and to buy bread for her children she sold her wares on Sunday. She claimed that she was a Hebrew and did not peddle on Saturday. In German she begged Miss Fream not to prosecute her on account of her chil-dren, but to no purpose. In procuring the arrest of the widow Miss Fream caused a small riot, and the crowd that collected threw stones and rotten fruit at her. The boy Gordon was arrested for striking her with a stone. Gordon admitted that he threw stones, but was uncertain whether he had struck her. The crowd in the court room was anxious to see Miss Fream, who seemed proud of her work. Magistrate Cornell fined the woman and the boy $5 each. With tears rolling down her face Mrs. Pager was led to prison, screaming to be allowed to go to her children. The spectators sympathized with her and a subscription was raised and her fine was col-lected. She was then set at liberty. The boy will be sent to the ,tuvenile Asylum for five days. Reference was made to this case last week in our columns, but at that time we did not have all the facts. Miss Fream's action does not appear any better in the additional light thrown upon it in the police court. A FALSE PRINCIPLE. Ł A CARDINAL principle upon which the pa-pal system of religion rests, is that the Scrip-tures ought not to be placed in the hands of the common people, because the latter would not know how to interpret them correctly. Acting upon this principle, pope Pius IX. anathematized the "Bible societies" for their work in promoting the circulation of the Scriptures, and the papal church refuses her communicants the privilege of knowing the Scriptures, except as interpreted and explained by the church "fathers," and by the decisions of councils and popes. But the Creator has not made one man dependent upon some other mortal like him-self for a knowledge of the truth which is essential to salvation. The natural mind sees with the natural understanding, and it is from the latter that this papal doctrine pro-ceeds. Spiritual truth is but foolishness to the natural mind; it cannot be grasped as can those truths which pertain to natural things. The Jews made foolishness of Christ's statement that it was necessary to eat his flesh and drink his blood in order to obtain salva-tion, applying it to his natural body and blood. Nicodemus did likewise with the Saviour's assertion that a man must be born again in order to enter the kingdom of heaven. The natural mind can grasp only natural truths. That the natural mind may by cultivation acquire great abilities, does not change its inability in this respect. Had the Saviour chosen as his apostles men of great learning or of exceptionally brilliant intellect, he might by this have given some ground of justification to the idea that only those thus qualified were prepared to be the repositories of his word. But be chose instead the unlearned fishermen of Galilee. When Peter and John were brought before the rulers and elders of the Jews at Jerusalem, the latter ".perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men." Yet " they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus." Their ignorance was not ignorance of that truth which is necessary to salvation. Though they knew not the wisdom of this world, they were not lacking in that wisdom that " cometh down from above." God can do for every " unlearned and ig- 