198 _41VIE12,1CCA.N SION9PITIVE:r ,— VoL. 8, No. 25. wanted to show to the public that he favored Sun-day desecration, and if he could not go to the World's Fair, he did the next best thing, and went yachting. In this regard, it may be mentioned that it is stated here that Secretary of State Gresham used all his influence with Attorney-General Olney to let the World's Fair be open. It is said that heavy Chicago influence was brought to bear on Gresham, and he in turn informed Olney that to close the Fair by injunction meant its utter failure. The result is too well known to need further remark. Some time ago Mr. Cleveland forbade the holding of a Sunday concert; it was at once proclaimed to the world by the Sunday people that the President was a Christian. Now he has displeased them by disregarding their ideas of Sunday sa-credness, and he is a desecrater of the Lord's day, and a wine bibber ! And thus it appears that loyalty to Sunday is the great touchstone by which every man's Christianity is to be tried. A Strange Thing. IT is strange that professed Christians cannot see that Sunday laws and all other religious laws are wicked, and that they tend to drive men from the Lord instead of drawing them to him. Or do they see that they are wrong, and have not enough moral stamina to protest against them? Or again, is it because their ministers tell them that Sunday laws are needful, and whatever the preachers say the people think must be right? If they think thus, let them study their Bibles and not their ministers, and they will find that Christ used no force in spreading the gospel. He only entreated, and that is the minis-ter's, and every Christian's duty, and not to be seeking cruel laws from the civil power to make men-obey God. There are those in the churches who know that the outcome of Sunday laws is persecution of those who keep the seventh day of the week, and yet they still petition for them. But the strangest thing is that they still claim the name of Christian. Can they be Christians and persecute? I fail to see how they can, for a persecutor is just the opposite to being like Christ. Persecution is of Satan, and so they who persecute must inevitably be the servants of Satan. As Christ said to the Jews, so must it be said to those who seek to per-secute their fellow-men: "Ye are of your father the devil, and the works of your father ye will do." Then again, there are those who say that Sunday laws will not bring persecu-tion. Let such go to Springville, Tenn., and find out for themselves what Sunday laws have brought upon a quiet, orderly little church of Seventh-day keepers. If they are honest they will soon change their minds. Only just recently several honest, God-fearing men have been ar-rested and fined in Maryland, because they worked on Sunday as God commanded them ; and the arrests were made by mem-bers of the same church to which they belonged only a few months ago, and from which they came out because they were convinced that the seventh day was the Sabbath instead of the first, according to the fourth commandment of the Deca-logue. And not only were they prosecuted by former brethren in the church, but by their own brothers, and yet this is not persecution. Oh, no. It is just simply enforcing the law. I say it is just simply making men do as I do whether that which I do be right or wrong. " By their fruits ye shall know them." Sunday laws are certainly evil, and persecution is their inevitable result. To those who are in these persecuting churches, the Lord, who they profess to love, gives the invitation : " Come out from among them, and be ye separate." " Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues." Who will heed the warning, and come out and serve the Lord with a true heart ? I am a. Seventh-day observer, and that because in the Word of God, I read that " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord," and because I learn from history that the Roman Catholic Church changed the law of God, and made the first day of the week the Sabbath in the place of the seventh day. And being a Protestant, I cannot serve that church from which I protest, and I certainly would be serving it if I observed its " holy days." Persecu-tion may come, but I am determined that as long as I serve God I will keep his Sab-bath as he has commanded me ; and no man can of right compel me to do otherwise. Nothing, not even persecution, can separ-ate us from him. " Who shall separate us from the love of God ? Shall tribula-tion, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword ? As it is written, For thy sake we are killed all the day long; we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter. Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord." Rom. 8 : 35-39. ALFRED MALLETT. Religious Persecution in Maryland. Ford's Store, Md., June Ł7, 1893. EDITOR SENTINEL : On Sunday June 4, 1893, Bro. Alexander Dodd and myself, of this place, hauled from the Chester River Steam Boat Company's wharf at Jackson Creek, some goods, and were arrested on Tuesday, June 6. The agent, T. F. Ford (my brother), had three other men to see the work done so as to be witnesses against us. They were Samuel H. Ford (my brother), Sam-uel W. Morvel and John. T. Collier. The latter is a professor of religion in the M. E. Church. We were tried June 7 before the Magis-trate, J. M. Aker, convicted, fined $5, and cost $3.90; total, $8.90 in each case. I acted as counsel in these cases. Under the law (which is the law made while this country was under English rule) the magistrate did all he could for us. When the cases were over the magistrate said that we would have to pay $2 for the bond (as we took an appeal). I told him that we could not do so. He then said, pay the $2 or go to jail. I told him to send us to jail. The magistrate (who is a friend of mine) says, " I can't do that." I told him to add all costs together, and if Queen Anne's County Court convicted us, we would go to jail and the county could pay all costs. Also, Sister Hettie Mansfield was ar-rested at the same time for sewing on Sunday, April 30th. She was also in-formed on by her brother; but the State's witnesses did not appear, so the case was postponed until June 14. I am, positive if  the State's witnesses can be made to ap-pear, that our sister will be convicted. We are building a church, and the devil is getting angry. In my cross-examination to-day I caused three of the witnesses to say upon their oath that they would not break the law knowingly, so the justice read the law to them. Now if they even ride out to church or ride out for pleasure (which they always have done), they will perjure themselves. But Seventh-day Adventists will not seek revenge even within the law as it is not their religion. The justice said that he was sorry that these people were becoming so strict about Sunday, it will cause the old Blue Laws to be brought into legislation again. He said, " If the law is strictly enforced here I would sooner be magistrate than Chief Justice of the United States of America, because there are none that keep the law." You can readily see that this is fulfilling the Bible when my own brothers had me arrested. But thank God, that his grace is sufficient for us here, and we are glad to suffer for Christ, as he suffered so much for us. Pray for us, that we may continue faithful until the end. The goods hauled were goods that were easily broken, and because of the prejudice that exists here, they were unsafe out on the wharf. The agent notified me on Sat-urday night, June 3, at 8 o'clock, too late to haul them. I requested them to be put in the warehouse built upon the wharf for that purpose, but the agent re-fused to do so. CHARLES 0. -FORD. -4-.  National Reform Described by a National Reformer. [Tun last session of the Reformed Presbyterian Synod was held at New Castle, Pa., early in June. On the afternoon of the 4th, a twenty-minute ad-dress was delivered in the Opera house, by Rev. J. M. Foster, a typical National Reformer. The fol-lowing is a part of what he said, as, published in the Christian Cynosure, of June 8.] The State must receive and apply both tables of the Decalogue. This Nation should make a constitutional recognition of the authority and law of Christ and give its pledge to serve him, and that will bring down his Spirit and unite us one composite Christian nationality. It should stipulate, in the compact, that the enemies of Christ be excluded from office and only his friends be made eligible. And the application of Christ's law to in-coming foreigners would result in the requirement of these conditions: 1. All who are in sworn allegiance to the Pope, the Endowment House, or the secret oath-bound lodge, could not become citizens without renouncing this extra-American authority. 2. All idolaters, whether in papal cathedrals, Chinese Joss houses, Mormon Endowment House, or Masonic temple, are to renounce their idolatry or be prosecuted as criminals. 3. All who prostitute the divine ordinance of the oath by administering or receiving it without divine authority, and all guilty of blasphemy and profanity are to be judi-cially punished. 4. All must work six days in the week and rest the seventh. Vagrancy, loafing, idleness, are crimes. All must work that all may eat. And all must rest on Sabbath; Sunday trains, Sunday mails, Sunday newspapers, and Sunday excursions must cease, that the Nation, may have her Sabbath rest. 5. Authority in the divine institutions of 