714 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ant literature; but I allude to their sufferings for the sake of Christ. The following are some among the numerous edicts by which Louis XIV., the licentious slave of a Jesuit con-fessor and abandoned mistresses, sought, as the head of the union between church and state, to exterminate the Protestantism of his kingdom. In1669 his subjects were forbidden to quit the kingdom, on pain of confiscation of goods, etc. In 1680 Protestant children of seven years old were allowed, on abjuring their religion against the wishes of their parents, to leave them, and to demand from them a legal maintenance. In 1683 the reformed worship was forbidden in all the episcopal cities of the empire, and all books against the Roman Catholic reli-gion were likewise prohibited. At length, October, 1685, appeared the Edict of Rev-ocation, by which Protestant temples were demolished, Protestant worship was forbidden, Protestant ministers were banished the kingdom; no other Protestant might leave the kingdom on pain of condemnation to the gal-leys; the children of Protestants were to be brought up as Cathnlics; and the goods of those who did not con-form within four months were confiscated. Next year was added a decree, addressed to the king's attorneys (procureurs royaux), to seize Protestant children above five years of age, and to place them under the care of Catholics. May, 1686, the king decreed that every Protestant minister apprehended in France should be executed; those who assisted a minister should be sent to the gal-leys, or imprisoned for life; 5,500 livres were to be given to each informer; and all persons detected and taken in the act of assembling for Protestant worship were to suffer death. Multitudes of Protestants conformed to the establighed religion; many more contrived to leave the kingdom; and at length, the worn-out debauchee coined a medal to celebrate his triumph as head of church and state over "the extinct heresy." But the same year in which the edict of Nantes was thus savagely revoked, the churches of the desert began to assemble in the moun-tains of Languedoc. The same month in which the temple at Charenton was demolished, the religious assemblies of the Cevenols met under the vaunt of heaven; and the same year in which Louis the debauchee expired, glorying in his aboli-tion of the Protestant worship, did a noble peasant youth collect a few preachers in the caverns of the Cevennes, and there undertake, in the name of God, the revival of, the crushed and bleeding churches of France. . . . Generally, their precautions enabled them to elude the vigilance of their oppressors; the place of meeting was announced to the brethren by faithful men, who vis-ited them in their dwellings, and brave and prudent guides escorted the pastor to the spot by night along concealed paths. The brethren in the country commu-nicated with the brethren in the towns. Every night, on these occasions, the pastor changed his lodging; and his  brethren counted it an honor to welcome him at the risk of their own lives. When they were assembled, scouts on the neighboring heights warned them of the approach of the enemy, and thus often they escaped discovery. But if persecution raged too severely, the meetings were discontinued, and the churches seemed to have vanished, while every family, by reading of the Scriptures and by domestic worship, cherished its faith and piety for a happier day. Thus their constancy triumphed over the savage efforts of the church and state during half a cen-tury to destroy their property, their religion, and their existence. Worship Governmentally Enforced at Annapolis. " Trutk, Seeker." IF advices from Annapolis are reliable, church attend-ance by the naval cadets has been made compulsory. The regulations of the naval academy recite:Š "Cadets will not be excused from religious service at the chapel on Sunday, except upon their declaration in writing, with the written approval of their parents or guardians, when living, that they cannot conscientiously attend, or that they prefer, on the ground of their reli-gious faith, to attend the services at some other place of worship in town." A reason assigned for the order is that it is calculated "to maintain a loyal support of the religious services that the government has provided." It is useless to inquire with what consistency a gov-ernment which proclaims its separation from the church provides religious services for its citizens; we know that not consistency but corruption is responsible for the fact; but a remark of Admiral McNair in defense of the regula-tion is worthy of notice. He is quoted as saying: "This rule was laid down in the English navy as far back as Charles II. We have copied it and have not changed the language as much as the English have." Now Charles II. was a depraved monarch who occu-pied the throne of England one hundred years before the American Revolution, at which time monarchy and the union of church and state were both repudiated. The regulation quoted by Admiral McNair is wholly congru-ous with the institutions of a country which maintains an established church, but the admiral seems to be too dull to see that it is no more applicable to American affairs than the regulations concerning the mainte-nance of a throne are to the office of a president of a republic. If Admiral McNair can find no authority for his rule in the Constitution of the United StatesŠwhich he cer-tainly cannot. for that instrument prohibits everything of the kindŠhis first duty is to see that it is repealed. Treachery to our fundamental law in time of peace is as infamous as betrayal of the nation's cause when the country is at war. 