AMERICAN SENTINEL. 155 been removed by the exercise of Episcopal tact and intelligence. They have given a tremendous fillip to despairing radicalism, and inspired in dissenting minds the hope that the ascendency of the Nonconformist con-science in English politics may shortly be reasserted." The ascendency of the church "conscience" in Eng-lish politics is at the bottom of the whole controversy; and if the "Nonconformist conscience" gets into the place of the "conformist" or Church of England con-science "in English politics," there will simply spring up another shoot of controversy out of the tap root of the evil. A church which is united with the state will inevit-ably drift into conformity with Rome; for such union made the papacy in the first place, and must continue to make imitations of the papacy as certainly as that like causes must produce like results. National "Good Citizenship" Convention. WE have received a Bulletin sent out by the Good Citizenship League, which has headquarters at Washing-ton, D. C., giving the call for the third annual conven-tion of the League, to be held at Cincinnati, May 2-4, 1899. "The proceedings, general discussion, and pro-gram of addresses," it is stated, "will be in accordance with the aims and objects of this movement, which briefly stated are as follows:Š "1. Unification of reform forces. "2. Promotion of the study and practice of good citizenship. "3. Eclectism at the primary caucus and convention Šselection of the best and most competent in nominating candidates for public office. "4. Direct legislation through the Initiative and Referendum. "5. Proportional Representation. "6. The Imperative Mandate." All this is in order "that the nation may be saved from peril, our homes be rescued, our sons and daughters saved to all that is best in the Republic, and that there may be a realization of the hopes and desires of those who have ideals of truth, freedom, and justice." The Bulletin calls attention to the hopelessness of any effort for reform through the political organizations, and states that this convention will be for "all genuine reformers," and the only credentials required for admis-sion will be "the possession of a desire to see honor and purity, virtue and justice, the Golden Rule and the ma-jority rule applied to politics." The "Good Citizenship League" sees the urgent need of reform; that need is everywhere apparent. But it is one thing to see the need of reform, and quite another thing to get hold of the means by which this need can, really be supplied. In this effort good people are grop-ing in the dark. The old effort of human nature to re-orm itself by good resolutions, has its counterpart in  these efforts of society to reform itself by political organ-ization. It is all "of the earth, earthy." A man cannot lift himself by taking hold of himself. Neither can society lift itself by taking hold of itself. The manŠand societyŠmust take hold of something higher than self before there can be any upliftingŠany reformŠabove the level of existing conditions. The people are almost wholly adherents of the great political parties. These parties were all started for the purpose of saving the country, preserving liberty, apply-ing the Golden Rule and the majority rule to politics, etc. If the people cannot secure these ends through these political organizations, how can they hope to secure them through another political organization? If they cannot control any of these for their purposes, how can they expect to control another established on precisely the same principles? For the principles of politics are, the same everywhere. Those principles constitute no barrier against the evils which "good citizenship" seeks to prevent. Reform that is to be beneficial must be individual re-form; and that cannot be secured through politics. The Coming Federation With Great Britain. VIEWS OF A YALE PROFESSOR, WHO FAVORS "EXPANSION." AT the session of the Wisconsin Historical Society, at Madison, on Washington's birthday, George B. Adams, professor of history at Yale University, spoke the following relative to the subject of Anglo-American federation:Š "A `single word of ours, like the word which, we are told, England spoke for us at the beginning of our war, would suffice by its single speaking to create the unity of the English-speaking races before the world, for the world would then know that danger to the least land of our kinship or to any protected land would bring the whole race forward in its defense, and this is all that is needed. "A federal government is not necessary, nor even a formal alliance. Only a determined resolution, backed by a ready power of action, that in the age which is now coming on, when the frontiers of the races draw together and a struggle between them, if it comes, will be the last-and the decisive one of historyŠa determined resolution that in such an age our race shall act as one in behalf of civilization which is one. "There is no determination which has grown so rap-idly and so strongly in this nation in the last genera-tion, and I believe the same to be true of England, as the determination to do justice ourselves as to other men, to protect the weak, to check wherever possible the merely rapacious, and to hold our institutions, our civilization, and our religion in trust for all men. "With this resolution at heart the nation may make mistakes, it may be badly led, it may not always be able to distinguish between the mere scheming of the politician 