44 THE AMERICAN' SENTINEL. even agreed to close their saloons, and dis-tilleries, and breweries, on the Sundays upon which they join with their religious co-workers in asking that the Fair shall be closed. On the contrary, they look for-ward to the increased sales and larger business which they will do on those days if they and the Sabbath Union succeed in closing the Fair gates one day in the week. It is, then, from motives of personal gain, and not to accomplish a moral reform, that the liquor interest is willing to associate itself with its supposed natural enemy, the Church and its kindred organizations, to secure the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday. They have no intention of even trying to serve both God and Mammon, but only Mammon. If this is their purpose, what is the mo-tive of those who are willing to ally them-selves with them to the accomplishment of a common end? Can one party to an alliance enter into it with the intent of doing good that evil may come, and the other of doing evil that good may come, and an unmixed blessing to humanity be the result ? Nine-tenths of the saloon-men are heartily in sympathy with the Sunday closing of the Fair, that those against whom the gates are closed may find their open doors; while those relig-ionists who accept this aid in legal Sunday closing of the Fair are thus acquiescing in the turning of the crowds from their closed gates into the saloonist's open doors. Here is a party amalgamation. Those things which have no affinity for each other will not amalgamate. There is, then, an affinity between these two. Where is it? "How can two walk together, except they be agreed?" They are agreed, in that they, neither of them serve the God of righteousness, but they both, the one through gross and pal-pable means, and the other through alle-giance to subtle deception, minister to the same Mystery of Iniquity and serve the same ends in the final conflict between the forces of good and evil. w. H. M. Sunday in Our Large Cities." WHILE the American Sabbath Union and their allies are planning to keep every body indoors on Sunday, or else compel them to go to church, some, more liberal, are devising means to enable the toiling, tired men and women, .and the sickly, pinched, and pale children, to get a breath of fresh air once a week. That these plans are practicable we do not pretend to say; but they do show the utter heartlessness of those who would deprive the tired workers of their weekly outing during the summer season. In an article in the Christian Union of January 23, Lillian. W. Betts says :Š " It is unnecessary to speak of the pleas-ures that are open to the people of the  tenement-house regions on Sunday. The thousands of people who crowd the excur-sion boats and trains are a proof of how Sunday -is passed by those who have from twenty-five cents to a dollar to spend to get away from the stifling surroundings of the tenement-house regions on Sunday, and all this can and should be changed. Let the Christian philanthropists purchase barges or boats, and send them on trips about "Yew York Harbor, up the Sound and the Hudson River, on Sunday. Let the boats leave the dock about nine o'clock in the morning and return at nine o'clock at night, care being taken that the tickets are distributed to the entire family. Each family might take its own lunch; but it would be infinitely better to provide a din-ner on the barge that could be sold and eaten by the family in groups, or by groups of friends. With the "Atkinson Cooker" it would be a perfectly possible thing to prepare such dinners and serve them hot. It would also be quite possible to control islands or groves within easy reach of New York; and take the people in the early morning to these places, bringing them back at night. There should be a shelter for the babies, swings for the little chil-dren, baby-carriages, quiet games, and with this the opportunity for good music and the companionship of men and women who are living the spirit of Christ. The effort should be, not to get the individual alone, but to get the entire family to-gether. "These excursions should always be charged for except where there is positive knowledge that even the combined income of the family will not justify such an expense; in that case it should be a free-will offering. Anything to get these families together under conditions that make it possible for them to become ac-quainted, so that the mothers may know the children their children play with, and the mothers of the children; that the fathers may see the children under con-ditions that they never can see them in when at home. It would do more to re-vive family life, to give family life to these people, than sermons preached on the love of God, when the people do not know what the sensation of love is, so crushed, so downtrodden are their lives with the mere effort to gain food and shelter and a cover-ing for their bodies. Let the experiment be made of taking groups of families away, beginning early in the spring, and see if the effort to get them to go to church would be as great when the winter comes, when once they have learned the pleasure of working to do a thing together, of being together for the common good. " The pity of the lives in these regions is that they are so individualized, that they hold so little relation to each other except in the mere matter of treating,' or where they belong to the same trade union, and this does not include the women and chil-dren. It is somewhat startling to hear  that there are women living in these re-gions who do not know where their hus-bands work; they do know what at, but not where, and some actually will have daughters at work only fifteen years old and not know where they are working; and yet these women would be called good wives and good mothers, as goodness is understood there, which means an effort to keep clean and sober. " It is possible now to secure change and recreation for these people with the ex-penditure of very little money by the phi-lanthropists. . . . Jew and Gentile could enjoy the Sunday together, and would gather, as has been proven where the experiment has been made, about a piano or organ and sing hymns for an hour at a time with positive enjoyment. . . . " Think what it would be, on a bright, clear, sunshiny Sunday in winter, to take a group of boys out of our tenement-house streets, where they spend the whole day pelting each other and passers-by with slush, 'to where the snow would be white and clean, as it would be in either of the parks, and let them live the whole day out-of-doors, calling them in to a dinner, simple but hearty and well cooked, for which every one of them could pay at least five cents, and then take them home at night ! There are young men .enough, men in our city colleges and the Seminary, and others, who would be glad to spend a Sun-day in this way, or a part of one." The Powers of a Commonwealth. THE word " commonwealth " signifies, strictly, common good or happiness, and is applied, for that reason, to a State, or body politic. As a governmental title, it was first employed in England during the protectorate of Oliver Cromwell, and his son Richard, and was so retained until the restoration of Charles II. in 1660. It was adopted on the death of Charles I. 1649, as signifying that the government was from that time to be administered in behalf of the common good of the people, and as adverse to a monarchial form of government, which was thought to be more in the interest of the ruler, than for the public good. The primary purpose of human govern-ment is to secure to the people their natu-ral rights,Š"life liberty, and the pursuit of happiness "Šfor the common good. If, therefore, any government should grant a certain portion of its citizens advantages which it denied to another portion of equally loyal citizens, simply because they were greatly in the minority, it could not be truthfully said that such a government was administered for the common good, or happiness of the people. Happiness is an agreeable state of feeling which arises from the reception, or expectation of some supposed good. Social organizations are effected in almost every community as a means of happiness. The State does not 