"Equal and Exact Justice to all Wien, or Whatever state or (Persuasion, religious or 'Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, MARCH 2, 1893. NUMBER 9. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. Ł Ł ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  WILLIAM H. MC KEE. THE United States has stood before the world as the highest example of govern-mental perfection to which man had yet.  attained. The distinction was merited. All other governments have assumed, as by natural and divine right, censorship of the religious views of their subjects. The United States has utterly repudiated all such assumption of authority. THE basis of government heretofore in the world's history has been that might makes right. As ground for pretended authority in religious affairs divine right was assumed. The claim of right to rule was by both human and divine might. This has been true, and is, of all govern-ments but that of the United States. Both claims are unchristian. The one is des-potic; the other papal. Erring human-ity has always mingled the two in govern-ment. The only exception has been the United States. THE theory of the Government of this country was based upon the inherent equal-ity of all men, not among themselves, but before God. The proudest and the most powerful is possessed of no natural and absolute right which his humblest neighbor does not equally share. That is true. Upon this truth the Government of the United States was established. That truth is the gospel of civil government which no man ever preached until taught of Jesus Christ. The United States was its first and only governmental convert. THE proclamation of justice and equity to and for all men, which the fathers of this country issued, was the noblest pro-fession of political faith ever uttered; noblest and highest, because there was in it less of man, and more of God, than in any other such public proclamation ever made. The time was ripe for the greatest  and last test to which humanity was to be put in its civil relations. All that was necessary to place this Government upon the correct basis on which, and by which, Christian people should govern, and be governed, was presented to the constitu-tional Assembly, and there formulated into governmental expression. So blind is the human mind, and so prone to error, that, by that very Assem-bly, a constitutional clause was inserted permitting the rights of the negro as a man to be ignored. Only twenty-three years ago, the Constitution was purged of that error. But the results to this coun-try of that error can not be done away with so long as time lasts. Its shadow, both real and figurative, is here forever. Yet, with the removal from the funda-mental law of that which was taken to be a permission of negro slavery, and the in-sertion of its positive prohibition, making the Constitution consistent with itself, the fundamental law came into complete har-mony with the gospel. The governments of all the rest of the world were arrayed against God. They all assumed the di-vine prerogative, and required the subjec-tion of their citizens to them as appointed of God and voicing his authority. Here alone stood one Government after God's own heart. THIS was a Government after God's own heart because, in harmony with the gospel, it had set itself for the protection of all men within its jurisdiction, without discrimination, in the possession of their natural rights. That which God had given to man all other governments have sought to take from him. Heretofore hu-man governments had sought to make themselves gods in the place of God. The possibility of persecution for conscience' sake, of compulsion in the observance of religious forms, and compulsory accept-ance of religious belief, has entered into the fundamental theory upon which all other governments have been formed and administered. In their case no revolution was necessary, no reforming of constitu-tion required, to make religious persecu-tion possible. All the legal processes and judicial machinery necessary to persecute for conscience' sake, other governments  have held ready for action from the origin of their public polity. This Government was organized on totally opposite princi-ples. Since the adoption of the Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth Amendments, there has been no constitutional excuse in this country for any civil, legislative, or judicial act out of harmony with the di-vine idea of civil government. BUT there has been an inherited body of religious law in this country, a fatal heritage from the Church and State stat-utes of England; although its manifest incongruity with the Constitution and the principles of this Government has kept it in abeyance. To subvert the true prin-ciples of civil government, enshrined in the Constitution, and endow with supreme power this alien intruder has required a, revolution. The revolution has been ac-complished. History records no more marvelous transformation in civil polity than that which has taken place under our eyes in the last few years, in this country. This Government has forsaken its preeminent place and is now in line with the governments of the rest of the world. The governments of all the world have arrayed themselves against God, and only await the fullness of time to become activelyŁ persecuting powers. There is now no city of refuge for the persecuted of the nations upon the face of the whole earth. All earthly power is in the hands of those who defy God. If it is in the hands of those who do not openly defy God, but deceive themselves and yield obedience to the great deceiver, instead of to God, the result is the same. They work iniquity no less, and receive the re-ward of the iniquitous as well. THE power over the whole earth is in the hands of those who assume to speak for divinity, and to act for divinity, and by divine authority compel the world to be in subjection to divinity. Heathen, pagan, Roman Catholic, Protestant, na-tions all stand now upon the same plat-form in this regard. The difference be-tween them is of degree and not of kind. The civil enforcement of Christianity is just as unchristian as the civil enforce-ment of Buddhism or Mohammedanism. The one puts itself under the condemna- 