724 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. "Go to-morrow morning to the mayor of the city or. to some police justice and say to him, Here,Łso and so is, violating this law; I want a warrant for him.' Dcxyou suppose you 'would get it? No; he would laugh in your face." This condition of affairs the speaker character-ized as " anarchy."Ł - That there is a 'growin'g spirit;  of lawlessness in this country, and that it is a menace to free institu-tions, there can be no doubt. But it is not due primarily to disregard of Sunday and to the failure and tefusal of civil officials to enforce the Sunday laws. The root of the trouble is much deeper than this, and the fault lies not at the door of the magis-trate, but at the- door of the preachers, as any one can readily see Who will candidly consider the facts for even a few moments. Reverence for God and his law lies at the foun-dation of reverence for all law and regard for our fellow-men. Anything that undermines reverence for God and for his law destroys in like measure re-spect for all law. For years the ministers of the country have been discrediting not only the law of God, but his entire Word, and this very largely in the interest of the Sunday institution. The lqw of God says plainly, "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." The ministers say, " Not so; the first day is the Sabbath," and stigmatize the ancient Sabbath as " Jewish," speaking of it as " that Łold Sabbath," calling it and the whole law in which it is embosomed " a yoke of bondage," etc. Thus the ministers have educated the people to despise the law of God. Is it any wonder that, they despise the laws of-' men? Again, men have' come to know their rights as men better than they used to know them, and all attempts Łto maintain and enforce so-called " laws " that trench upon personal rights serve 'to increase contempt for law in general. , Of no class of laws is this more true than of Sunday " laws." Men feel and know inherently that the keeping of a clay as .a Sabbath is a matter with which the state has of right nothing to do; they feel that every attempt to com-pel them to render such a service is flagrant usurpa-pation, as it is, in fact, and thus feeling they, one 'and all, disregard in greater or less degree all such ' laws." Few in,deed can be found who do not dis-regard, more or less, the letter of the various Sun-day laws. Those who are really alarmed at the growth of lawlessness, instead of urging as a certain panacea the maintenance and enforcement of religious laws " against which the better sense of all right-thinking men revolt, should favor only the main-tenance and enforcement of such laws as appeal to the common sense of mankind as being just and necessary to the preservation of equal rights. But Sunday "laws ".do not belong to this class B. THANKSGIVING PROCLAMATIONS.' THE President of the United States and the gov-ernors  of the several States have issued the usual Thanksgiving proclamations calling upon the people to lay aside their usual vocations on Thursday, the 29th day of November, and, assembling in their usual places of worship, give thanks to God for the blessings of the year. Of course no two of these proclamations are identical in phraseology, but while some are more devotional in tone than others, they one and all call upon the people to engage in acts of worship. There is scarcely anything in our political sys-tem that affords abetter illustration than does this custom, of proclaiming days of thanksgiving, of how a wrong custom " may come in time to have all the' force of law. , Ł Speaking of the principles of complete separation of church and state, Mr. Madison said: " There has been another deviation from, the strict principle, in 'the executive proclamations of fasts and festivals." Mr. Jefferson, while President, wrote to Rev. Mr. Miller, saying: " I consider the Government of the United States as interdicted by the Constitution from intermed-dling with religious institutions, their doctrines, dis-ciplines, or exercises." This letter was, written July ib, 182,2. Seven years previous Mr. Jefferson, writing of an address from Baptists, said: "The Baptist address, now enclosed, admits of a condemnation of the alliance between church and state- under authority of the Constitution. It fur-nishes an occasion, too, which I have long wished to find, of saying why I do not proclaim fastings and thanksgivings as my predecessors did:" Mr. Jefferson's reason, briefly stated, was: "The Constitution has directly precluded them [the United 