- 168 AMERICAN SENTINEL. are created equal, that governments derive their just power's from the consent of the governed, what is to be expected of it? When men make the highest conceiva-ble profession regarding religious liberty and the sep-aration of church and state, and yet go squarely against this profession by passing a bill against perfect religious liberty, as in the matter of closing the gates of the Chicago Exposition on Sunday, what else can we expect than that such a government, continuing in its downward course of apostasy, will finally pass a na-tional Sunday law, the enforcement of which will mean a deprivation of civil rights and a revival of the perse-cution of the Dark Ages, to those who, from conscien-tious scruples, will not submit to the oppressive national mandate? See Rev. 13:11-18. Against this oppressive, antirepublican, antichris-tian work comes from a merciful God this prophetic warning of world-wide application: "If any man wor-ship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in thepresence of the holy angels and in the presence of the Lamb. And the smoke of their torment ascendeth up for ever and ever: and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast, and his image, and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name." Rev. 14:9-11. This warning being world-wide in its application, the danger of worshiping the "beast" and his "image" by receiving the "mark of the beast" and of papal au-thority, when enforced by strong legal enactments, will exist in every land; for to "every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people" is the three-fold message contain-ing this warning to go. Rev. 14:6-14. The language of the warning is not, "If any man worship the beast or his image," etc.; but, "If any man worship the beast and his image," etc., which shows that both the "beast" and his "image" will be worshiped at the same time and by the same act of receiving the "mark" of the "beast." How can this be done on the territory covered by the "beast," when the image is formed, not by the powers covering the territory of the beast, but by the United States located in America? Simply on this prin-ciple: The United States, notwithstanding its mild profession of religious freedom, takes the lead in this final work of extolling and enforcing Sunday by strong legal enactments; other nations catch the spirit and follow the example of the United States. In doing this they not only worship the papacy that brought about the change of the Sabbath as set forth in these pro-phetic words: "And he shall speak great words against the Most High, and shall wear out the saints of the Most High, and think to change times and laws" (or the law, Heb. Dan. 7:25); they also worship the image of the papacy formed by the United States, saying, Let us  do as the United States are doing in the matter of enforcing Sunday by strict Sunday laws well guarded by strong penalties, even the death penalty. Rev. 13:  15, etc. The wrath of man and nations can, by grace divine, be endured, as it has been in past ages; but who can submit to endure the unmingled wrath of God, when the probation of men and nations shall have ended, and mercy's sweet voice shall no more be heard forever? Prov. 1:24-33 ; Rev. 22 :11,12 14:9-13 ; 15 :1:16. Oh let us give unmistakable proof that we heed the heavenly, warning for this time, by taking to heart and conforming to these words found in the last gospel meg-sage to a fallen world: "Here is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus!" Rev. 14:12. What Some Eminent Men Have Said About War. "Whence come wars and fightings among you?" James 4:1. SENECA, the tutor' of the Emperor Nero, and put to death by that tyrant, about A. D. 65, says in his 95th epistles:Š "We punish murders and massacres committed amongst private persons; what do we respecting wars and the glorious crime of murdering whole nations? Here avarice an) cruelty know no bounds. Barbarities are authorized by decrees of the Senate and the votes of the people; and enormities forbidden in private persons are ordered and sanctioned by public legisla-tures. "Things, which if men had done in their private capacity, they would have paid for with their livesŠthe very same things we extol to the skies, when they do them in their war accoutrements." Such was the testimony of a virtuous heathen. John Wickliffe, the great reformer, was particularly disgusted with the ambition which induced rival popes to assert their claims to St. Peter's chair, at the ex-pense of torrents of human blood; for he not only con-sidered the whole trade of war to be utterly unlawful for Christians, but thought it wrong, on the principles of the gospel, to take away the life of man upon any occasion. Respecting conquest, he said, "the title of conquest lis utterly worthless and untenable, unless the conquest itself be expressly commanded by the Almighty." Thos. Scott, D. D.Š"War, in every case, must be deemed the triumph of the harvest of the first great murdererŠthe devil." Bishop Porteus.Š"One murder makes a villainŠmillions a hero." Bishop Watson.Š"When the spirit of Christianity shall exert its proper influence over the minds of indi-viduals, and especially over the minds of public men in. their public capacities, war will cease throughout the Christian world." 