212 VoL. 9, No. 27. able to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day." At this writing, Elder Horton is still at Church Hill, and will doubtless remain there until it is thought best by the officers of the Atlantic Conference, under whose directions he is laboring, to go elsewhere. True, the people of Church Hill may do him violence. Such things have happened even in the nineteenth century, and in "free America," but they can go only as far as God permits; and in this case as in all others, he will make the wrath of men to praise him, and the remainder of wrath he will restrain. Elder Horton's confi-dence is not misplaced. The ill temper of the people of Church Hill, or we should say of a portion of the people of Church Hill, will only fall out to the furtherance of the gospel; others will have a curiosity to know what all the stir is about, and when they discover that Elder Horton teaches only Bible doctrine, being able to give a " Thus saith the Lord " for every position taken, and doctrine inculcated, some of them will be honest enough to obey the truth notwithstanding the wrath of men and devils. There is nothing meaner than the spirit of persecution. These Church Hill people profess great indignation because Advent-ists do not obey the civil law in the matter of keeping Sunday, and then they unlaw-fully warn a man out of town and threaten him with violence if he refuses to go ! What regard they must have for the law of the State, to be sure! A Question of Church and State. THERE is to be no opposition, we believe, on the part of Roman Catholics, to the adoption of an amendment to the consti-tution of this State, which shall forbid any diversion of public moneys, raised for the public schools, to sectarian schools. They agree that no money shall be appro-priated to parochial schools, and that the public schools themselves shall be kept entirely free from sectarian control. This is a wise concession ; but dcontest is to be made over the rest of the proposed constitutional amendment. At a hearing granted last week, representatives of the Roman Catholic and Jewish denominations were heard in opposition to a constitu-tional inhibition of appropriations to or-phan asylums, protectories and similar institutions where boys and girls of the neglected and delinquent classes and other unfortunates are received and cared for. On the part of the Jews it was denied. that there are any sectarian teachings in their orphan asylum, or that a cent of the money received from the State is used for any other purpose than that of making the children good citizens. On behalf of the Catholics one argument was, that it cost the State much less to have the dependent classes cared for in private institutions than it would to establish institutions of its own for the same purpose. But the economical argument is really not a very strong one. Whatever it is the duty of the State to do, it ought to do and do well, and do at its own expense. Of course reasons can be given in favor of helping such a charitable institution as Burnham's Farm, where boys are re-ceived and carefully trained to become useful citizens, and where the primary purpose is not a religious but a benevolent purpose. This enterprise is, however, under the care of Protestants and is secta-rian, in the sense that it is Protestant  rather than Catholic or Jewish. If such an institution as this were admitted as an exception, it would manifestly be impos-sible to exclude Hebrew orphan asylums and Catholic protectories from the same benefits. It was pointed out by one of the Cath-olic speakers that, according to the certi-fied statement of the Comptroller of New York City, Catholic institutions received in 1893, $603,815; Protestant, $502,729, and Hebrew, $148,000. The fact that Protestant institutions are participants in the use of public funds is, of course, not a valid reason against the amendment. If the Catholic Church were not repre-sented in this country, and there were none but Protestant denominations, or vice versa, there probably would not be so strenuous an effort to prevent sectarian appropriations. But Catholics and Prot-estants are here face to face, and the ques-tion of appropriations is bound to stir up jealousies and animosities between them. The only way to have peace is to prohibit the appropriation of public funds, either State or municipal, to institutions under sectarian control. This is not only a ques-tion of expediency but of principleŠthe sound principle of the entire separation of Church and State. No matter whether Protestant or Catholic institutions get the bulk of the appropriations. Let all fare alike. Put both on the same absolute equality. Let neither have a cent from State or city.ŠThe N. Y. Independent. Church and State. Sunday Law Persecutions. MANY there be who vainly imagine that persecution is not possible in this enlight-ened age. If told that the Russian Gov-ernment is engaged in a course of sys-tematic persecution of Stundists, Jews, and Baptists, many of whom are now languishing in jails for the sake of their religion and who are sent in detachments, large or small, in company with common criminals to remote districts of Siberia or trans - Caucasia, there to expiate their heresy, without trial of any sort, and that at the mere word of suspicion from a bigoted priesthood or an equally bigoted police, this followed by command of governors of provinces; and their homes broken up, their children taken from them, and they themselves transported to the most inhos-pitable regions of the whole empire for a term of years, in most cases to die in exile,Šthese things are received with an air of incredulity, or with the answer: " That is in despotic Russia." Yes, but if equally infamous things are carried on in this country, and that by professed Protestant Christians, are these any better than Russians ? If that is despotism, and who would deny it, what is this but despotism ? If that is persecu-tion, what is this but persecution ? If that is actuated by a spirit of bigotry, what is this, and what better are those who engage in it than the rest of the bigots ? If men are deprived of their lib-erties for conscience' sake, compelled to languish in damp, dismal jails, where they contract disease from which they die, are compelled to work in the chain-gang with common criminals for no other rea-son than that they dare differ from their neighbors in matters of religion, dragged from court to court at the behests of secret informers, bigoted officers, narrow-minded juries and partisan judges ? All this, and more, in this boasted land of liberty,  what are we better than other bigots ? And what better is this country than Russia ? and we better than the Russians? And if such things are possible under religious laws in Russia, and the enforce-ment of Sunday laws in this country pro-duce similar results, where is the differ-ence ? If Russia's laws should be modified, what should be done with these ? We will leave the reader to say. ŠH. F. Phelps, in the Argus, Red Wing, Minn. How It Works in Russia. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL Cith'S 8olito statements made in regard to holidayS before the Committee on Education and Labor of the United States Senate;  Oh December 13, 1888. At that hearing Mt. Crafts submitted a paper which purports to be " questions " by workingmen to himself, and his answers. One of theSe workmen asks him the question;  "Could not. this weekly test-day be secured with-out reference to religion, by having the Workmen of an establishment scheduled in regular order for one day of rest per week, whichever was most convenient, not all resting on one day ?" AnswerŠ" A weekly day of rest has never been perma-nently secured in any land, except upon the basis of religious obligation. Take the religion out, and you take the rest out. Greed is so strong that nothing but God and the conscience of a man can keep him from capturing all the days for toil." It is a suggestive fact that in Russia "reli-gious obligation" demands usually two, and often three days a week from the time devoted to toil, and that these days are usually spent, not in rest, but in drinking. If the ecclesiastical authorities of that country could be induced to lessen the num-. ber of saints' days and church festivals, it would be an excellent thing for Russian industry.ŠFree Russia. Wants More of the Same Kind. SUNDAY, June 10, Senator Daniel J. Bradley, an Independent Democrat of Brooklyn, and a member of the legislative committee which is now investigating the police department of this city, took a little tour of investigation on his own account disguised as a countryman. Starting out from his cigar store in Brooklyn,Šwhich was doing business as usual,Šthe senator directed his steps toward New York. This is his story as related in the Evening Sun: I strolled aimlessly up the Bowery and at every five steps I saw barkeepers peering from their doors and beckoning to their old customers to come in. And the policemen were all there standing in front of sa-loons and looking as nonchalant as cigar store Indians, but never looking toward the doors from which men emerged wiping their mustaches and heaving sighs of relief. When I reached Steve Brodie's saloon, near Grand Street, I paused to look at the trophies of the bridge jumper, and it was then that the event of the day occurred. A well-dressed young man came out of the saloon, and, after sizing me up, inquired if I had the time. I pulled out my watch, which is a pretty good one, and told him the time. He then politely asked if I would have a drink. I winked at him and de-clined, and he turned and went sorrowfully up the street. I suppose that he wanted to give me some knock-out drops and get my week's share of the tobacco store receipts. But when he saw that wink he knew I was fly, and departed. If it wasn't for looking at the calendar nobody would know that it was Sunday on the Bowery. Clothing, hat, shoe, and furnishing stores were all open wide. This, it must be remembered, was in a city and State which have a Sunday law. But the law is not enforced. As has been 