TI4E AMERICAN SENTINEL. What They Say about "The Sentinel." FROM lawyers and magistrates in North Carolina who have received two numbers of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL :Š I like to read your paper very well. I like your cause, as I do not believe in a law religion. I want it as our forefathers handed it down to us, to wor-ship God according to the dictates of our consciences. Whenever anything else comes it will cause blood to run, Let the Church and God make Christians. When we undertake to run over our Constitution and trample on it, we are a ruined Nation. Your paper received and appreciated very highly. We fully indorse your cause in regard to religious rights. I am an old-school Baptist and a Democrat. My grandsires fought through the Revolutionary War for religious rights and liberty. I want to march under the same banner. Yes, I'll gladly receive and read your paper. I am in hearty and prayerful sympathy with every work that looks to the preservation of our civil and religious rights in the United States of America. God bless your paper. I have examined your paper called THE AMERI-CAN SENTINEL, and have a good opinion of its merits. I desire to make further examination of the paper. From individuals who have had THE SENTINEL two OT three months :Š I thank you for the copies of THE SENTINEL sent free, but am sorry to say I do not see my way clear to subscribe now. I think the great body of the people want Church and State forever apart, and that only " cranky " individuals and small sects de-sire a union. Your paper, THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, has afforded me much light upon the National Reform move-ment of which it treats. The positions it has taken are to my mind eminently correct. All subjects that pertain to civil and religious liberty should be carefully studied, and all efforts, looking to a union of Church and State, uncompromisingly opposed. Such a thing would eventually lead to the worst results. Allow me also to say the reading of your paper has afforded me much pleasure. The editor of the "oldest German news-paper in the South " writes :Š The copy Of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL you kindly sent us was received. After a careful perusal of the same, we entirely indorse the position you take by it, ,and shall be only too glad to give expression of our approval through the columns of the Anzeiger. At'a period when fanaticism, sailing under the false flag of religion, is endeavoring to overthrow our sacred institutions, the publication of a journal like THE SENTINEL, which bravely breaks a lance with orthodoxy and hypocrisy is only to be hailed with pleaSure, and every true American ought to make it his duty to spread it among the people, so that thy might recognize the danger of the Republic becoming subjugated by the Church. Please place the Anzeiger on your mailing list, and oblige. From gentlemen in Birmingham, Ala-bama :Š I heartily indorse your sentiments, as expressed in THR SgNTINEL of January 22. Please send me a few copies in February and March; if pleased with them will subscribe. I would be glad to read further on the subjects treated in your SENTINEL. I will be pleased to receive your journal. I have, I think, read every word in the copy of THE. AMERICAN SENTINEL, received this morning and am more than pleased with it. Wife and children will real to-night. Send it on. INT.A.!1`ICIINT AZ.? RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES Ł We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful rnd honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civic  .mvernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in Łstimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E., WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. W. F. CRAFTS is now lecturing in the West, in the interest of a better observ-ance of Sunday. Sunday, April 19, he spoke in Moberly, Mo., dwelling prin-cipally on whether or not the World's Fair should be closed on Sunday. AT a recent meeting of some of the most ardent advocates of Sunday laws, in Wisconsin, at which J. P. Mills was the chief speaker, it was decided that the present Sunday laws of that State are as good as they could desire. They will di-rect their efforts toward raising a senti-ment to secure their enforcement. They will also hold a meeting in June to revive a nearly dead society, called the " Wis-consin Civil Sunday Association," organ-ized at Milwaukee a year ago last Decem-ber. They will then work to effect local organizations in every county, city, town-ship, and voting precinct in the State, with a view to canvassing for names to a petition to close the World's Fair in 1893 on Sunday. IN concluding a recent series of sermons Rev. W. E. Copeland, of Tacoma, Wash-ington, said I have preached these sermons and given these lectures to arouse men to see the danger which threatens religious freedom and civil freedom as well. The question has been recently discussed, Will the Republic endure another hundred' years ? I answer unhesitatingly, No. That is, if certain devout 'and earnest Christians can have their way. Our liberty, purchased at so dear a price, is in danger, and but few are alarmed. Most persons laugh at any danger, utterly forgetful of the lessons of history written in letters of blood. As to the position of the Roman Catholic Church on this question of religious liberty no possible doubt can exist. The church stands where it has always stood, the uncompromising enemy of education and liberty. It only lacks the power to compel con-formity; the desire is as great as ever. Evidence of this can be seen in the universal opposition of Roman Catholics to the public schools of the United States, in the establishment of parochial schools in every Roman Catholic parish, and in their allegiance to a foreign potentate whose com-mands are law. You all know this of Romanism.  But only few know that there is a rapidly growing sentiment among co-called Protestant Christians which prominent preachers and laymen give voice to, and which demands with ever increasing em-phasis an amendment to the Constitution of the' United States that shall recognize God, Jesus, the Bible, and the Sabbath; that shall declare this Nation to be by law a Christian Nation. In the interests of this party a bill was introduced into Congress which proposed a compulsory Christian education, and prominent members of this party declare that to attain their ends even a resort to arms would be justifiable. So anxious are these fanatics to have the first day of the week marked as God's day, which every one shall observe in a fashion to be prescribed by them ; that Jesus should be recognized as supreme ruler, and the Bible as the supreme law of the land ; that they are willing to go to almost any extremity to secure their ends. Once this _party and the Roman Church join hands and religious liberty is gone, and as history has always shown with religious goes civil liberty. Nor is the prospect of such union as remote as many suppose. And in the indifference to which Mr. Copeland refers, lies the chief danger of the situation. Were the American people awake to the danger it would cease  to exist. JAMES P. MILLS, general and field Sec-retary of the sixth district of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, has been lecturing in the leading cities of Illinois in behalf of the better observance of Sunday. He spoke in Bloomington April 21, and on the Monday following organized a local union for the county. Those who have attended his lectures state that it is diffi-cult to tell which he is working for the hardest; to secure a better observance of Sunday, or to fight the Seventh-day Ad-ventists. Every place he goes he takes particular pains to tell how hard the Sev-enth-day Adventist people are working against Sunday laws. This people have evidently been reading history and know what it means to enforce any religious doctrine by civil law. Let all lovers of civil and religious freedom study the question carefully in the light of the record of the past, and the majority will see that it is their duty to oppose such legislation, no matter how highly they may regard Sunday. Ł Public Opinion, of London, says, that " Sir Henry James, M. P. addressing the members of the Liberal Union Club at their annual meeting in Westminster, said it had become a demonstrated fact that the Roman Catholic priesthood held the balance of power between all parties in Ireland, and that if the Government were ever given into the hands of the people it would, in fact, be handed over to priestly control." This is an evil by no means confined to Ireland ; a desperate effort is being made to give the Protestant clergy the same power in this country that the priests exercise there. THE insolence of the aggressor is usually proportioned to the tameness of the suf-ferer.ŠAM88. C. ELDRIDGE,  W. A. COLCORD, President. Secretary. 