THE AIVIERICAN' SENTINEL,. 301 a faction of any kind assails the Legisla-ture with sufficient determination, they carry their point, although the sincere opinion of nearly all who vote for the measure may be that it is foolish, or idle, or mischievous, or crude, or irrational, or extravagant, or otherwise improper to be passed. Opinions differ greatly as to what it is which is " falling " or " going to decay " just at present. These phenomena sup-port the notion that it is "the State" which is passing away. On the one hand, the highest wisdom of those who want anything now is to practice terrorism, to make themselves as disagreeable as possi-ble, so that it shall be necessary to con-ciliate them, and those who appeal to reason find themselves disregarded. On the other hand, the public men seek peace and quiet by sacrificing any one who can not or does not know enough to make a great clamor, in order to appease a clam-orous faction. It is thought to be the triumph of practical statesmanship to give the clamorous something which will quiet them, and a new and special kind of legis-lative finesse has been developed, viz., to devise projects which shall seem to the clamorous petitioners to meet their de-mands, yet shall not really do it.ŠProf. William G. Sumner, in Independent, 1887. If these words had been written con-cerning the Sunday-law crusade, the situ-ation could not have been better described. It is proposed to deluge Congress with petitions and personal letters until a Sun-day law is secured ; not because the law makers are convinced that such a measure is wise or just, but in order to silence the clamor of those who are demanding it. ..-.  Ł Not Dependent upon Men. COLONEL INGERSOLL is reported as say-ing, concerning the Sunday-closing ques-tion, " We have got to destroy the Sab-bath." The Colonel could scarcely have said a more unfortunate thing; nor one that would have better pleased the Sunday-law advocates. A fight for personal liberty is one thing, and a fight against a cher-ished institution is quite another. A great many men who would quite agree with Mr. Ingersoll were he to insist that personally he has a perfect right to rest, play, or work on Sunday, just as he sees fit, will have no sympathy with his ex-pressed determination to destroy "the Sabbath." As a matter of fact, however, aside from the question of what day is the true Sabbath, it is impossible for any man or for any number of men to destroy it. The Sabbath is not dependent upon the will of men, the wicked Colonel and the pre-sumptuous Sunday-law advocates to the contrary notwithstanding. Probably those who insist that " Sun- day laws are necessary for the preserva-tion of the Sabbath," do not realize that their words are a confession that their so-called Sabbath is only a man-made insti-tution. That which man has instituted he may annul; but God's institutions are not dependent upon the will of men. The Sabbath was made a sign between God and his people (Eze. 20 : 20), and so long as there remains upon the earth a single soul, loyal to his Maker, the Sabbath will serve the purpose for which it was insti-tuted; yea, and of the new earth (2 Peter, 3 :13) God has declared, that " from one new moon to another, and from one Sab-bath to another, shall all flesh come up to worship before" him. Isa. 66: 23. The Sabbath will survive all the attacks of both presuming and wicked men. The former may blasphemously assume that the Sab-bath is dependent upon them, and the latter may endeavor to destroy it, but the event will prove them equally help-less. The Sabbath lives in the hearts and lives of God's people, and in the facts set forth in the fourth command-ment, namely, that "in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sab-bath day, and hallowed it." It is, there-fore, equally foolish to talk of preserving or of destroying it. c. P. B. THE Texas Methodists have, according to the Texas Christian Advocate, adopted the following resolution expressive of their views of the necessity of enforced Sunday observance:Š Resolved, That we record with deep sorrow the earnest effort of our late State Senate to allow saloons and almost every other business to be run more than half of the Christian Sabbath, thus to abolish the Sabbath, which is the great bulwark of our holy Christianity and high civilization. Think of it; the " Christian Sabbath " dependent upon the action of the Texas Legislature! How is it that whereas Christianity once flourished in spite of the civil power, and in the face of bitter persecution, it is now dependent on the favor of that power ? Is there not some mistake about this matter ? THE danger of having upon the statute books of any State, an unjust law, even though it may have become a dead letter, is well illustrated by the present per secution of the Jews in Russia. During the latter part of the reign of Emperor Nicholas, the harsh laws relative to the Jews were permitted to fall into disuse to °a considerable extent. Alexander II., the father of the present Czar, carried out in a general way the policy inaugurated by his father, Nicholas ; and the opinion is expressed that had Alexander lived a few years longer, the Jewish question in Rus-sia would have been permanently settled in a wise and humane way. But both Nicholas and his son Alexander  II. made a fatal mistake in not repealing utterly the anti-Jewish laws enacted by their predecessors; and so when the pres-ent Czar came to the throne, he found ready to his hand all the tyrannical anti-Jewish laws that his narrow, bigoted soul could desire; hence in the present perse-cution of one class of his subjects; Alex-ander III. is " only enforcing the laws." Unjust laws, even though slumbering in harmless disuse, should be promptly re-pealed, for though nominally " dead letters " they retain their venom, and may at any time be warmed into life by petty spite or sectarian bigotry. THE question of a Sunday law is being agitated in California in connection with the political campaign, and voters are urged to take this matter into considera-tion in deciding how to vote. It is not known just how much work is being done by the friends of a Sunday law, as they are working quietly securing the pledges of candidates for the Legislature. But some active work is being done by the opponents of Sunday laws. The follow-ing is a paragraph from a circular which has been scattered in some portions of the State :Š Will you vote for a Sunday law, or for men pledged to enact a Sunday law ? Should not the State guarantee to every man the right to keep any day or no day just as he chooses ? The Sunday law is simply a relic of the Dark Ages ; and such a law, if enacted, would be used as an engine of religious despotism. Sunday Jaws formed an important part of the penal code in the "good old days" when re-ligious bigotry thrived, when witches were hanged, and heretics burned at the stake. It is not thought that the Sunday-law sentiment is sufficiently strong in Califor-nia to sustain such a law if it were enacted, of which, however, there seems to be little probability. THE Christian Advocate, of this city, remarks that " when people are off for a summer vacation they usually have less re-gard for the Sabbath than at any other time. They forget that their influence travels with them, and in their forgetful-ness they frequently set, a bad example." " During these summer months," says the Advocate, " crowds of Americans will sail for Europe. Before returning they will have learned by personal experience what the continental Sunday is. Many of them will talk eloquently against it with their friends at home; but how many of them will hold to their Christian Sabbath while abroad ?" The question is not a hard one to an-swer. Those who are really conscientious in the observance of the day at home will keep it just the same when abroad, but those who keep it at home simply because others do, will not keep it when among strangers. " THE less religion people have the' more they insist upon others having." 