AMERICAN SENTINEL. 185 right to the pursuit of life, liberty and happiness will be 'abandoned. The motto of the District Commissioners is "no step backwards." Their regulations are like those famous "laws of the Medes and Persians," which, it is said, could never be repealed or modified. THE President takes "an oath of office," placing his hand on a Bible. Why? If he broke that oath, he could not be indicted for perjury. The ability of the law to punish him for malfeasance or misfeasance in the dis-charge of his high and important duties as the chief ex-ecutive officer of a land containing seventy-five millions of people is in no wise affected by the question of whether be has or has not taken an oath faithfully to perform those duties. His assumption of them, as the sequence of his election, fairly made and duly announced, accord-ing to the Constitution and the statutes, is sufficient to expose him to all the worldly penalties that can be at-tached to any dereliction in their discharge. What/then, is the object and purport of this "official oath," which is taken by our State administrators, from august President down to petty "deputies" of country villages? THE answer is plain to those who are fair-minded enough to look the matter squarely in the face. But one answer will be given by all who are also candid enough to confess the truth. The administration of an official oath is simply and solely the recognition of a religious dogma in this free American Union of ours, and an at-tempt on the State's part or the part of the United States, as the case may be, to avail herself of certain su-pernatural terrors, in order to secure fidelity and scrupu-lousness among her servitors. That is to say, the Gov-ernment invokes in its own behalf and for its own protec-tion a certain belief as to "the hereafter" which is plainly a matter exclusively of ecclesiastical cognizance. This is traveling altogether outside of the proper limitations of governmental action, according to. what is affirmed to be the American theory of government. NOR is it any answer to this objection against the administration of official oaths, to assert, as some do, that the State doeS not undertake to threaten the new official with any particular punishments in the next world, when he "swears him into office," but leaves that matter to the conscientious anticipations of such swearer. The point is, that she recognize's, in this performance, the existence of religion, and its existence as a factor in hu-man conduct, and thereby sets up a distinction between a religious citizen and a non-religious citizen, and thereby again violates that fundamental equality of all religions and of no religion before the law which is the very corner-stone of American institutions. NOR is it any answer to this objection, to instance the case of a man who "affirms," instead of swearing, when he enters on the discharge of public duties. The- utter silliness of this proceeding is so patent that, if we could get rid of the oath, the affirmation would soon fol-low. The responsibility of a State officer for the proper and thorough performance of his obligations to the com-munity does not depend in the slightest degree on his "affirmance" of an intention to do his duty. If he were indicted for failure therein, nobody would dream of rest-ing his responsibility on such an affirmation. It would be utterly superfluous to allege that he made it or to put it in evidence. His responsibility would arise out of his assumption of the functions of his place. The "affirm_ ance," then, of a newly inducted official, amounts to nothing whatever; the oath to nothing more, except as an appeal by the State to considerations with which she has no concern whatsoever, and with which she has no right to intermeddle. Let us get rid of them both. THE war in Cuba still drags its slow length along. Nowhere in history do the terrible evils of a united Church and State more strikingly manifest themselves than in the misgovernment of Cuba by the dominant Spaniards. Spain, as is well known, has an expensive and extrava-gant State church at home, which must be supported by taxes wrung from a distressed and impoverished people. Millions of money going to the maintenance of its priest-hood in lines of idleness and luxury are annually contrib-uted by the unwilling inhabitants of Cuba. This oppres-sion has before now proven unbearable, and desperate efforts have been made to shake off the galling yoke. If there were no other reason, this should be sufficient to enlist the sympathies of all true Americans on the side of the insurrectionists. But, query, ifŠor, let us say when, they are free, will they saddle themselves with the yoke of a domestic established church, like unto that of the foreign country which now holds them down under its heel? Raising Church Revenue. IT is quite well known that secular entertainments play an important part in church economy as practiced by the popular churches to-day, but the recent action of a Baptist Church in Brooklyn speaks with a startling emphasis upon this point. The facts, as set fort in a prominent New York daily, are as follows:Š " The trustees of the Lenox Road Baptist Church, . commonly known as the First Baptist Church of Flat-bush, will apply to the Supreme Court for permission to sell the church building and the real estate connected with it. "This move was taken on account of dissatisfaction with their pastor of part of the society, and is the out-come of the Rev. H. J. Guller's refusal to allow any church entertainments. " The meeting of the trustees last night, when the de-cisive action was taken, was stormy. The Rev. Mr. Gul-ler had friends there, and they fought hard to have him retained, but before the meeting was ended they had been 