AUGUST 31, 1808. Amv ,1-CAIN bath of the Lord, set up this sign of her power unto salvation instead of the Sab-bath of the Lord which he had set as the sign by which mer may know his power to create and to save. Thus says Eusebius again:Š All things whatsoever that it was duty to do on the Sabbath, these we have transferred to the Lord's day. And again, referring to what " Christ " had accomplished in Constantine's Sunday law, which was enacted to please " the church," the same bishop says :Š Who else has commanded the nations inhabiting the continents and islands of this mighty globe to assemble weekly on the Lord's day, and to observe it as a festival, not indeed for the pampering of the body, but for the comfort and invigoration of the soul by instruction in divine truth. Thus plainly is it apparent how and why and when, the Sunday of the Catholic Church was substituted for the Sabbath of the Lord ; and how this sign of the power of the Catholic Church to save, was set in the place of the sign by which men may know the power of Jesus Christ to create and to save. And thus plainly does it appear upon every count that the Sunday institution is the sign of salvation by force only, while the Sabbath of the Lord is the sign of salvation by the grace and gentleness of Jesus Christ only through the benign operations of his Spirit. Now, which of these two ways did the churches and Congress of the United States take ? Did they leave every man free, as Jesus Christ does, to choose for himself the way of salvation, and the sign of it ? Or did they, by " the help of the law and State authority," go into the way of salvation by force, and set up the Sun-day institution, the sign of salvation by force, in the place of the Sabbath of the Lord, the sign of salvation by the love and grace of Jesus Christ ? Which did they do ? Everybody knows which they did. They set up as the sign of salvation to this Nation, the sign of the salvation pro-vided by the Catholic ChurchŠthe sign of- salvation by force. And then, as though they would proclaim to all, the world, and demonstrate before all people, how certainly this is so, the same church leaders who, by the force of threats, had required Congress to set up the sign of salvation by force, followed it up swiftly by loud calls, even by telegram, to the head of the Government of the United States, to furnish' armed troops with which to enforce, at the point of the bayonet, the proper observance of, and respect for, the sign of the salvation provided by the Catholic ChurchŠthe sign of salvation by force. Right worthily indeed have they vindicated their right to wear the badge of papal salvation, the sign of salvation by force. LET them wear it as they have chosen it. It becomes them. It belongs to them. But, oh! will the people of the United States wear it, upon whom these men have presumed to force it? Will the people of the United States tamely submit to the wearing of the badge of papal authority and of papal salvation, which, by apos-tate Protestantism, has been forced upon them ? Choose ye this day whom you will serve. Will you honor God, or honor the Papacy in the place of God ? Will you receive and wear the signet of the Creator of heaven and earth and the Saviour of men ? or will you wear the sign of the man of sinŠthe mystery of iniquityŠthe  Papacy ? Will you keep the Sabbath of the Lord, or the Sunday of the Catholic Church ? A. T. J. Chicago Correspondence. Suffrage, Law, and Legislation, at the World's Fair. THE proceedings of the various branches of the Worlds Congress Auxiliary, in session at the Art Institute, the past week, have been interesting and suggestive. The different branches of the Congress' of the Department of Government, in session this week, have been: The Department Congress of the National American Wo-men Suffrage Association, the Congress on Jurisprudence and Law Reform, the General Congress of Suffrage, in Republic, Kingdom, and Empire, the Civil Service Reform Congress, and the City Govern-ment Congress. It probably was not in-tended that any particular branch of the general subject of suffrage and ballot re-form should monopolize the attention of the congress during the week, but never-theless, the fact has been, that the wo- man's suffrage question has overshadowed all else in interest, enthusiasm, and occu- pancy of attention. As in previous subjects in which women have been interested, in the different con-gresses which have assembled here, much greater enthusiasm has been shown in the organization of the congress and in the bringing forward of papers, presentation of speakers, and the general working up of interest, attendance, and the filling of time by speakers who are known to their constituency, and able to command their attention. In the opening address of welcome, William Dudley Foulke, on behalf of the committee, said, among other things:Š The subject which will arouse the greatest inter-est in this congress is that of woman suffrage. It used to be said that women Łdid not care for the right of ballot; but no one who was present at the congress last May and saw hundreds of women as-sembled and displaying the utmost eagerness in the women's movement will fail to see that the time is approaching when women will take an equal part with men in the affairs of government. Women will bring some inconveniences into our politics, but they will bring, on the other hand, an over-whelming wealth of public spirit, far greater than men present at this moment. Their unselfish inter-est in public questions will be of great value. In the World's Congress on Jurispru-dence and Law Reform, a 'paper from Judge Thomas M. Cooley was read, on the administration of civil justice, which was a philosophic discussion upon the civil law of this country and its derivation. Another paper from David Dudley Field, Justice of the United States Court, was also read at length in the course of which Justice Field said :Š In the category of individual rights I conceive that the greatest achievement ever made in the cause of human society is the total and final sepa-ration of the State from the Church. If we had nothing else to boast of, we of this country made it an article of organic law that the relations between man and his Maker was a private concern into which other men had no right to intrude. To measure the stride this made for the emancipation of the race, we have only to look back over the centuries that have gone before us and recall the dreadful persecutions in the name of religion which have filled the world with horror. Think of Tor-quemada in Spain; the martyrs suffering at the stake or in prisons in many other lands; the exiles driven from France by the revocation of the Edict of Nantes; and the slaughtered saints whose bones lay scattered on the Alpine Mountains. Amid all our shortcomings it will remain forever to the glory of the States that they allow no man to step be-tween his fellow-man and his Maker. Clouds of darkness do indeed often seem to cover the land, but there is one rift in the clouds through which, to the mind's eye at least, the daylight will shine as long as the world lasts. This Nation may be torn into fragments, or other nations and races may oc-cupy the land in some era far away, but the fact will still remain that there was a Nation of free men on this continent which first rent the shackles that priestly domination had been forging for cen-turies and solemnly decreed that no man should dare intercept the radiance of the Almighty upon the human soul. In the face of the religious laws in the statute books; in the face of the enforce-ment of those laws in many States in the Union ; in the face of the marvelously organized effort to secure the complete enforcement of these laws and the in-creased severity of the laws themselves; in the face of the strange and unexampled contest over the religious question of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair as it has made itself public through the pro-ceedings of Congress, and courts, and the public press; in the face of a remarkable religious opinion delivered in a well-known case from the supreme bench itself; in the face of the fact that a portion of this very congress of the week, in which Justice Field's paper was read, has been dccupied by a consideration from its secretary and others, of the extra-judicial work of the International Law and Order League and other " voluntary organizations to aid the constituted authorities in the enforcement of the laws;" in the face of all this and very much more that might be enumer-ated, what a pitiful thing it is that a member of the bar of the United States, as high in place and authority as Judge Field, should be so blind to the cloud of intolerance with which this land is already covered, and through which there is no rift to let the daylight, and complete lib-erty in civil and religious affairs, shine again as long as the world lasts. W. H. M. Chicago, Aug. 11. A Confederacy for Evil. FOR years and years the " leaven of hypocrisy " has been working in the re-ligio-social fabric of this country. With increasing wealth has come increasing worldliness and desire for worldly power on the part of the churches. This has just as naturally led to a decrease of the real power of God and spiritual life. As a result, the churches to-day are in large measure turning toward human laws for help, and are seeking to accomplish, by the force of legislation, what they have failed to do by the power of the gospel, namely, to convert and control Men's con-sciences. And so gradually has this change come about, that many honest-hearted Christian people are loath to believe that anything of the kind has even yet occurred. To the thoughtful ones, however, the evidence is very conclusive on this point, and the more so, from the fact that the drift of religious thought has been in this direction for several years. Almost a decade since, the New York Independent (February 14, 1884) published with hearty approval, a very significant'  article from the pen of Bishop A. Cleve-land Coxe, D D., under the caption, " A Christian Alliance the Demand of our Times." After referring to the restrictive conditions of the National Reform Asso-ciation and the Evangelical Alliance, so far, at least, as cooperative work was concerned, the article suggested the for-mation of a new organization, to be called the " Christian Alliance," which should combine and consolidate into one body all 