.A.Nonnit CAN gEN-rrimmo VoL. 8, No. 1. because in this country the majority must rule, it is proper to stop and enquire whether his conduct pertains to that upon which the majority have the right to speak. If his conduct is an infringement upon the rights of his neighbors, if it is an infringe-ment of the will of the majority in that which concerns the equal rights of all citi-zens, it must be regulated by their will. But if not, the individual is within the sphere of his own rights and liberties, so far at least as his fellow men are concerned, and no one has the right to molest him, however foolish or unwise his conduct may appear to others. He is outside the lines which mark the limitations of major- ity rule. L. A. SMITH. Christian's Duty to Obey Civil Rulers. EVERY man's first and highest alle-giance in this world is due to his Creator. The first and great commandment in the divine law is supreme love to God. The test of love is obedience : " If ye love me," says the Saviour, " keep my command-ments." And again we are told in the divine word that " by this we know that we love the children of God, when we love God and keep his commandments. For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments." Hence, the com-mand to love God is in effect a command that we obey him. And this the divine law says alike to every man. " We know," says the apostle, " that what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law; that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God." But while God demands man's first and best affections, he throws the safeguards of his law around his creatures, and to each moral being he says, " Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." But at an early period in the history of the race man rebelled against the law of his Cre-ator; the divine injunction of equal love for fellow creatures no longer afforded the protection necessary, and so God ordained that men should organize for the protection and securing of their own natural rights. This we call civil government. But this in no way super-cedes the divine government; it does not in any measure release the individual from obligation to obey the divine law. It simply provides a way whereby men may compel their fellows to yield to them that which is their due. Notwithstanding the ordinance of civil government, God is still the great moral Governor; to him every soul is respon-sible; to him every free moral agent must give account. To permit any power whatever to come between the individual and God, would destroy individual respon-sibility toward God. If it were the prov-ince of the State to enforce the law of God, the individual would naturally seek to know not the will of God but the will of the State. The effect would be to put the State in the place of God, just as the Papacy puts the Pope in the place of God. On the other hand, had God not commit-ted to man the conservation of his own natural rights, one of two things would have happened : either vengeance for transgression against human rights would have been so swift and certain as to defeat the very object of God in making and in leaving man free to choose or to refuse His service, or else punishment would have been so long delayed as to afford no protection to those in need of it. Civil  government as it exists is an absolute ne-cessity for a race of social free moral agents, in a state of alienation from their Creator. It is evident from the facts stated that there never can be any conflict between legitimate civil authority and the claims of the divine law. And yet the fact re-mains that there have been many and serious conflicts. Civil governments have frequently required of their subjects that which the divine law forbids, and have forbidden that which divine law requires. Ł Why is this ? The answer is that those in power have either willfully or igno-rantly exceeded their legitimate authority. Were this not true it would have been the duty of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego to have fallen down and worshiped the great image set up by Nebuchadnezzar in the plain of Dura, and God would not have delivered them out of the furnace into which they were cast. It would like-wise have been Daniel's duty to have re-frained from asking any petition of any god or man for thirty days, save of the king only, when so commanded by his earthly sovereign, and God would not have sent an angel and closed the mouths of the lions into whose den he was cast for his disregard of civil authority. But God did deliver Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, and he did vindicate Daniel's course, thus declaring in an unmistakable manner, and in thunder tones, that he alone is Sovereign of the conscience, that to him alone is unqualified allegiance due, and that he alone is the moral Governor of the universe. Nor are the instances cited isolated cases in which the devoted servants of God have, in the face of death, chosen to obey God rather than men. The Bible and the history of the Christian Church are full of such cases. This principle was well understood and was fearlessly announced by the apostles who had re-ceived it from the Lord himself, couched in these matchless words, " Render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." And when commanded by the civil rulers to refrain from doing something which Jesus had commanded, " Peter and John an-swered and said unto them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye. For we can not but speak the things which we have seen and heard." And again, " Peter and the other apostles answered and said, We ought to obey God rather than men." And such must be the Chris-tian's answer to-day to any and every de-mand that conscience be subordinated to civil authority. The Christian can go to prison or to death, but he can not disobey God even at the behest of the greatest of civil powers. His invariable answer must be, " We ought to obey God rather than men." Nor is this the expression of religious fanaticism. The principle thus stated is known and recognized by the best and most enlightened thinkers everywhere. In his work on moral philosophy, Presi-dent Fairchild says :Š It is too obvious to need discussion, that the law of God, the great principle of benevolence, is supreme, and that, "we ought to obey God, rather than men," in any case of conflict between human law and the divine. There are cases so clear that no one can question the duty to refuse obedience. In all times and in all lands such cases have arisen. In a case of this kind, either of two courses is possible ; to disobey the law, and resist the government in its attempt to execute it, or to disobey and quietly suffer the penalty. The first  is revolutionary, and can be justified only when the case is flagrant, and affects such numbers that a revolutionary movement will be sustained. . . . The second course will, in general, com-mend itself to considerate and conscientious men. It is a testimony against the law as unrighteous, and, at the same time, a recognition of govern-ment as a grave interest. The reader has doubtless assented thus far to the correctness of the position taken in this article, and to the principle so suc-cinctly stated by President Fairchild; it remains, therefore, only to illustrate this principle by citing one or two cases suf-ficiently near in point of time to enable all to understand fully what is involved in its practical application. In Massachusetts, in 1644, a law was enacted requiring all parents to have their children sprinkled. A Baptist by the name of Painter, refused to obey the law and was whipped, which punishment he bore without flinching. This is only one of many similar instances that oc-curred in that colony. The Baptists not only held that immersion alone was bap-tism, and that persons old enough to ex-ercise faith for themselves were the only proper subjects of the ordinance, but they regarded sprinkling as a counterfeit baptism, and believed that to submit to it would be to commit sin. Hence their refusal to submit to it. Even Pedo-Bap-tists now honor them for their fidelity to their faith. One other illustration must suffice. Near Springville, in the State of Tennes-see, reside some forty odd, Seventh-day Adventists. As their name implies, they hold that the seventh day of the week is the divinely ordained Sabbath, and they observe it religiously. As the Massachu-setts Baptists regarded sprinkling as a counterfeit of Scripture baptism, so these Adventists regard Sunday as a counter-feit Sabbath, and believe that to recognize it even outwardly would be sin. There-fore they follow their ordinary pursuits on Sunday, having a care only not to dis-turb by noise any who desire quiet upon that day. But as the law of Massachu-setts required all to have their children sprinkled, so the law of Tennessee re-quires all to observe Sunday by refrain-ing on that day from all secular labor and business, "works of necessity and char-ity only excepted." But as was the case with the Massachusetts Baptists, to obey the law is with the Tennessee Adventists to violate conscience, and, as they view it, to sin against God. They, therefore, as did the Baptists before them, violate the law and suffer the penalty. Are they not fully justified in so doing ? And is not fining and imprisoning Adventists in Tennessee for disregard of the Sunday law as truly persecution for conscience'  sake as was the whipping of Baptists in Massachusetts two hundred years ago for disregarding the law which required them to have their children sprinkled ? If not, why not ? c. P. B. Tennessee Seventh-day Adventists and Their Persecutors. IN view of the fact that several Sev-enth-day Adventists near Springville, Tenn., are under arrest for doing farm work on Sunday, and are to be tried at Paris, Henry County, during the January term of court, the writer was requested by the National Religious Liberty Asso-ciation to go to Tennessee in the interests of these persecuted people. It was learned, among other interesting 