THE SENTINEL, OF LIBERTY. '617 never sought to obtain for them. Go into an as-seinbly of artisans and talk about the - church hav-ing obtained for them additional rest or easier work-ing hours,-and the majority of the men will laugh at you. One reason that the working classes have so little sympathy with the churches is because the churches have had so little sympathy with them. What the workingmen have obtained they have fought for as workingmen, not as Christians. In fact, the capitalists who support the big churches have been slowest to yield to the demands of the toiler. It is because of this that the masses, who would be downtrodden were it not for their own exertions, have little or nothing to thank the churches for in the matter of a reduction of the hours of toil, and they know they can keep Sunday as a day of rest without the help of the.  Lord's Day Alliance. Thus thanking the church for nothing they are leav-ing the church to mind its own business, which is, unfortunately, largely that of running a sort of a religious club of a more or less exclusive character, and they are taking their enjoyments when and where they see fit. My esteemed brother of the Westminster, when he next makes an appeal on- be-half of the Lord's Day Alliance, would be wise not to use any of the pharisaical expressions which no longer appeal to the real workers, but instead openly declare that he fears that his craft and that of his.fel-low-ministers is in danger. 0 4,  EDMUND BURKE ON THE DOCTRINE OF ARBI-TRARY POWER. THE quotations from prominent Americans re-cently given in these columns under the heading " Departing from American Principles," when sifted to their real essence, are an avowal Of the doctrine of arbitrary power for the American Government. The principles of the Declaration of Independence are jeered and scoffed at because they maintain the equality of all men in their right to civil and reli-gious. freedom and can not be made to harmonize with the assumption that dominion is the natural and necessary prerogative of some men and sub-jection the natural and necessary portion, of other men. All legislation based upon such assumption is an-assertion and exercise of arbitrary powerŠthat is, government solely by the will and pleasure of the governing. religious legislation is based upon  this assumption, for'in enacting and enforcing such laws it is assumed by the governing power that it can legislate without delegated authority, and can enforce laws which have absolutely no function in the protection of human rights. The power to en-act religious laws can not be delegated, because no human being has an iota of authority in such mat-ters over any other human being. Therefore all such legislation, not being necessary for the protec-tion of human rights and having no authority or .support but the will of those in power, is necessarily an assumption and exercise of arbitrary power. Those who jeer at the Declaration and declare its principles to be without foundation in history and Incapable of syllogistic justification, and who assert that the nation has crossed the-Rubicon of imperial responsibility, hold that the persons occupying the places of responsibility and authority in the Ameri--can Government are warranted in the exercise of absolute and arbitrary rule over masses of men and countries of peoples. The claim to such authority and power is by no means original with those who now make it. On a certain notable occasion the exercise of this power for very similar purposes and under very similar .circumstances ,was claimed in very similar terms. The answer made at that to this claim was ample then and it is ample now. It was an arraignment of the doctrine of arbitrary power that will be suffi-cient and unanswerable so long as truth and justice shall endure. In brief, the circumstances which called forth this language were these: In extending the commerce and trade of his country and introducing the blessings of _Anglo-Saxon civilization the first governor-general of Eng-land's greatest dependency proceeded to govern without reference to the principles or constitution of the country of his birth. After a dozen years of this humane (?) dominion outside of law and constitu-tional principles his administration had become so corrupt and so oppressive that his countrymen who cared for liberty and for human rights without par-tiality for race or color, though separated by oceans and continents from the scenes of his'  desolating tyrannies, could endure it no longer and demanded his impeachment. And notwith-standing the personal favor and friendship of the sovereign (George III.) and the almost irresistible influence and power secured by the possession of millions of rupees accumulated' during , his rule, 