AMERICAN SENTINEL. 101' from the dead, and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places, far above all principality and power, and might, and dominion." See Eph. 1:15-22. This anthority Christ now has "as a son over his own house; which house are we." God's people,while in the world, are not of the world, even as he is not of the world. See John 15:19. They are "strangers and pilgrims in the earth." Heb. 11:13. They are sojourners "in the land of promise as in a strange country, dwelling in tabernacles." Verse 9. Like Abraham, they look "for a city which hath foun-Aations, whose builder and maker is God." Verse 10. `They are subjects, not of earthly rulers, but of the heavenly King, for in behalf of all such it is plainly declared, "Our citizenship is in heaven; from whence also we look for a Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ: who shall change our vile body that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body." Phil. 3:20, R. V. But being subjects of the heavenly King does not exempt us from being subject to the eternal principles of justice ordained by God himself. All men "are en-dowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights." Governments exist in the overruling providence of God to conserve these rights. Hence, Christians "must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience' sake." 'They must obey, "not with eye-service, as men-pleasers; but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart." "There is no power but of God." Said the boastful Pilate to the Saviour, "Knowest thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and that I have power to release thee? Jesus answered, Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from above." Thus it appears that even the power by which men com-mit sin is from God; hence the charge of the Lord against the children of Israel: "Thou hest made me to serve with thy sins." Isa. 43:24. Civil government, as we now know it, was no part of God's original plan, any more than was divorce which he subsequently permitted through Moses. God designed to govern man himself through love, and that he might do this he endued him with social and moral qualities.  He gave him love of order, a sense of justice, and the instinct of self preservation. These attributes in un-fallen men would make them the willing subjects of the Creator. The same attributes would lead fallen men to associate themselves together for mutual protection and cooperation, and to secure that order which men naturally desire. God is never taken by surprise. He provides before hand for every possible contingency. He provided civilgovernment as a means whereby a race of rebels might be saved from anarchy and consequent self-destruction. "God is love," and when in consonance with his character he cannot, because of man's sin, do for him what he otherwise would do, he does the very best thing that can be done under the circumstances. The original  law of marriage contained no provisionf or divorcement_ Because of the hardness of their hearts Moses permitted,  it. "But from the beginning it was not so." Matt. 19:7, 8. The Creator himself would not compel those to live together who were not united in heart; and so the Lord through Moses permitted divorce. But this is not,  and never was intended firi &lose who are truly the children of God. To permit men to put away their wives-when there was no agreement in the married life, was simply the best thing that even the Creator could do for those who, because of the hardness of their hearts, were not subject to the divine marriage law. In like manner, to permit, civil government among men, was the best thing that God could do for a race that had refused his divine rule. Since men would not willingly submit themselves to their Creator in all things, as they would not yield themselves to the God of love that he might work in each one to love his neighbor as himself, they must, for the preservation of the race, be compelled to submit themselves one to another in civil things, that is, in their relations one with another..  "But from the beginning it was not so." "The powers that be are ordained of God;" that is, the genus of government is implanted in the very nature of man. It was this governing power that gave Adam-such complete mastery over the beasts. And it isŁ  because some men have more of this power than others that some are natural leaders. But while Ł God has ordained governmental power, he has no more ordained, the abuse of this power than he has the abuse of any of the powers of mind and body so often misused. The misuse of any God-given power (and all our powers are God-given) is sin. And it is sin just as much in the ruler as in the subject. Even nations are subject to the supreme rule of right. This principle is recognized in, the Declaration of Independence in the statement that the United Colonies have "full power" to do all "thingsŁ which freb and independent States may at right do." And this higher law of right is the rule of the Christian. He asks not, What says the civil code? But, What is right? Not, What says the state? But, What says the God of heaven? Thus, always and in every place he is subject to the "higher powers," to the "principalities and powers in heavenly places." And being thus subject he wrongs no man, for he loves his neighbor as himself,. and "Love is the fulfilling of the law." C. P. B. A Parable. BY ROYAL HUBBELL. A GOOD little boy sat upon his mama's doorstep industriously powdering and sifting brick-dust with which to scour the cutlery. This was a laudable and innocent occupation; but a big, bad boy came along, bent on mischief. , 