AMERICAN SENTINEL. 795 upon our minds the fact that nowŠat this very time we are standing just where the Reformers stood three hun-dred years ago. For in the demand that Sunday be kept as the Sab-bath day, we are asked to accept the papal principle of tradition, and all that is involved in it,Šfor even the leaders in this movement for Sunday observance confess that there is no scriptural warrant for the observance of the first day of the week, and for one to recognize this papal principle is to recognize the authority of the Cath-olic Church. Now that we are brought face to face with the princi-ple of the Reformation, with the vital pointŠSundayŠat issue, we may well ask the question, On what side of the issue will the Holy Spirit be manifested? Nor is the answer hard to find. The Holy Spirit is bound to be on the side of the Protestant principle as He was at the be-ginning of the Reformation. It is therefore as plain as anything can be that those who are trying to enforce Sunday, with those who shall accept it, will be arrayed against the Holy Spirit. Let no one think that it is a matter in which only men are concerned, and the question one merely of days. Luther in his day protested that it was not a work of his own doing; that an unseen power was urg-ing him on; that he was only an instrument. And so it is to-day. In this matter of the Sabbath and of Sun-day, men engaged in this question are merely the instru-ments. We have reached a point when it must be determined once for all whether one will worship God in the fullest sense of the word, and acknowledge his authority and the supremacy of his Word; or whether on the other hand, he will worship the papacy (and the dragon) by accepting his mark, and so recognize his authority. Back at the beginning of the Reformation, and for that matter, ever since, the Reformers were denounced by the Catholics as being moved upon by the devil, al-though in reality it was the Holy Spirit. It will be noticed that this was exactly the charge that the Pharisees brought against Christ. See Matt. 12:24-32. And Christ said that this was the sin against the Holy Ghost. Is the sin against the Holy Ghost involved in this question of Sunday? We shall see. SPIRITUAL evils can be remedied only by spiritual power. -6 -4 "WE are anxious to do all we can for the spread of -the truth, although we are very poor, and my husband is an invalid," writes a friend from California, enclosing a list of twelve names, with money to pay for the same, for the SENTINEL, six months to each. Friend, this is the spirit to pattern after. Are you anxious? A "New Religion" Coming. THE latest issue of Our Day prints this quotation from the Rev. Stephen Merritt, who is widely known as an advocate of " faith healing :"Š " A new religion is coming to the front. First, God is going to heal man, body as well as soul, and soul as well as body. The Church has taken this work out of his hands, has emasculated his work and weakened and lost his power, and is in consequence to-day, a spectacle to angels and menŠa giant shorn of strength and grind-ing in the mills of the gods of the idolators. Pity 'tis true. But the Holy Spirit is dissatisfied with this state of things, and now has re-opened and re-asserted the gospel of Healing, and as in the days of the beginning, frankly and fully accepts the test. The God that an-swereth by healing, let him be God. The Holy Spirit demands that we ask for the old paths to walk therein and throws down the challenge: ' If I do not the works of my Father, believe me not.' The time has come when divine healing is to be proclaimed, and an unanswerable argument given in favor of Holy Ghost religion as it was commenced in the days of Jesus and continued and de-veloped in the days of the apostles, and is now reopened and restored in these last." While it is true that God only can heal disease, and therefore that every case of genuine healing is from God, it is also true, and is a truth to be well noted, that the Scripture does not present this as an absolute test of the character of the agency concerned in it. The power to heal disease is not presented as a test of the truth or falsity of spiritual doctrine. The scriptural test is: "To the law and to the testimony; if they speak not accord-ing to this word, it is b' cause there is no light in them." Isa. 8:20. So that if it be true that "a new religion is coming to the front," which shall proclaim, "The.  God that an-swereth by healing, let him be God," the way is being prepared for people to be caught in a deception. When Moses by the power of God worked miracles before pharaoh and his court, the magicians also "did so with their enchantments" for a time; the work of God was counterfeited by demoniac agencies; and the same agen-cies are at work in this age, and in the same way. There has been, and will be, counterfeit healing, or healing of counterfeit disease. This is a question of practical portance and its importance will augment as future developments unfold upon us. TWENTY yearly subscriptions to the SENTINEL and a copy of our premium "Combination Bible" with each one, is the result of an effort recently on the part of one of our friends in Colorado. In closing his last letter he says, "I am going to do all I can for the SENTINEL." Dear reader, have you a copy of this Bible? If you haven't, you ought to have. If you have one, see that your neighbor gets a copy also, and the SENTINEL with it. 