AMERICAN SENTINEL. 69 things." In this first conflict who put forth in substance the proposition that "if we C411 govern ourselves by that token we can govern others?" Surely not the founders of the Republic, for it was not that they might govern others, but that they might govern themselves, for which they pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor. Their purpose was not the establishment of their rule over others, but the disestablishment of others' rule over them. Their declaration was one of equality, not of superiority; of independence, not of domination. So far were they from holding to the above proposition that they left on record certain self-evident truths that are in eternal antagonism with the doctrine that one people should be governed by another people. It is un-necessary to quote their language. It is firmly fixed in the minds and hearts of those who value liberty, and those who do not, who are ready to turn back into the "hateful paths of despotism," are finding in that lang-uage, even as Lincoln declared, a "stumbling block" and "a hard nut to crack." As everybody knows, it was George III. and his min-isters who, at that time, claimed the right to govern others. They reasoned that if they could tax and gov-ern England, by that token they could tax and govern the American colonies. And certainly, if they could rule and rob India, they could, by the same token, rule and rob America. And it will not be irrelevant in this con-nection to refer to the case of India; for the attorney-general in the course of his speech declared that "we have sprung from a race that has governed India." At the very time when the fathers found that they could no longer endure alien Anglo-Saxon rule, or remain a dependency of an Anglo-Saxon power, that same rule and authority which they overthrew in America was being firmly fixed and established over the populous countries of India. This case is correctly quoted as an illustration of Anglo-Saxon rule in the interests of hu-manity, civilization and trade. It is in fact the greatest example of such rule. Here were millions and millions of people who, according to their Anglo-Saxon benefac-tors(?) were unfit to govern themselves. Those who have become entranced with the hallucination that the rule of Anglo-Saxons in such cases is the embodiment and perfection of enlightenment, liberty and justice; that the virtues and blessings of Anglo-Saxons and their civ-ilization are so great that the acceptance by them of the "responsibility" of governing such people without their consent, and even against their will, is on their part an act of such benignity and humanity that it should awaken the unbounded gratitude of the people thus fa-vored and place them under everlasting obligations to their Anglo Saxon benefactors,Šwe say that those who have become enraptured with these sentiments or their equivalents should study the example to which the at-torney-general has referred them. They should allow an Anglo Saxon, and one who knew whereof he affirmed, to break the spell for them. The benefits(?) and blessings(?) which the introduc-tion of Anglo-Saxons and their civilization brought into India were amply portrayed by Edmund Burke in the following speeches: "On the East India bill of Mr. Fox," in the House of Commons, Dec. 1, 1783; "On the Nabob,  of Arcot's Debts," in the House of Commons, Feb. 23, 1785; and his speech before the lords, Feb. 15, 16, 17, and 19, 1788. These speeches cover the ground quite thoroughly up to the time of their deliverance, and those who wish to know in advance just what Anglo-Saxons can do in such cases, will find them full of meaning. Precious little will be found in the condition of things there portrayed that will make it worth one's while to talk of having "sprung from a race that has governed India." Have we reached a time when American statesmen find the principles of George III. and of Warren Has-tings better suited to their purposes than those of the Declaration of Independence? Evidently that time has arrived. (Concluded in next issue.) War For "Expansion." Tax United States began the war with Spain for purposes which had, professedly at least, no connection with "expansion." Now, this nation seems about toanother war for the express purpose of "ex-pansion," and that alone. The scene of the difficulty is the Philippine islands. The Filipinos want to be freeŠfree to govern themselves in their own way. The United States wants them to be free, with "freedom" imported from a foreign shore and " administered under the authority of a foreign power. The Filipinos see no difference between this theoretical freedom and actual subjection to this foreign power; and are determined, it is reported, to resist American-domination if need be by force of arms. Advocates of " expansion " have been loudly shout-ing that any failure to ratify the treaty with Spain, in which Spain " cedes " the Philippines to the United,  States, will throw the country back into war with Spain. Anything more absurd than this assertion could hardly be imagined. Anybody with the least intelligence ought to know that Spain has neither the disposition nor the power to renew the war, and there would be no war unless it were renewed by the United States. The real truth is that there is every prospect that war will result directly from the ratification of the treaty, in attempt-ing to establish the authority which is "ceded" by it to the United States. The Filipinos want to set up a republic; the United States is now ready to strike this infant republic a death blow The Filipinos looked first to this nation for recognition and sympathy. From it first they receive-opposition and scorn. Has the United States become- 