72 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VOL 4, No. 9. IF12e An2eFical2 lei ir~el, OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MARCEL 20, 1889. NOTE,ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. Every Evening, published at Wilmington, Dela-ware, says: "If most people were as well in-formed, and had such strong convictions upon the danger of any form of religious legislation, as the AMERICAN SENTINEL, there would be still less danger that such fanatics as Elliott F. Shep-ard and Senator Blair would succeed in gaining any serious consideration in their well-meant but worse than mischievous schemes for inducing the National Government to force men to be relig-ious." THE Patriot, published at Concord, New Hamp-shire, Senator Blair's State, is true to its name in opposing the Senator's schemes. It says:Š "Congress is being flooded by petitions, circu-lated by cranks of the Blair school, favoring the passage of the bill which Senator Blair introduced, last spring, to regulate Sunday observance by Na-tional enactment. The Seventh-clay Baptists andl, Adventists are opposing the measure. They should be re-inforced in their opposition by the people generally. The subject does not come within the scope of congressional action under the Constitu-tion." Such will be the language of all true patriots. SENATOR BLAIR doesn't want Government employes to be required to work on Sunday, and he is a very active worker for the passage of a law which will make it a misdemeanor for any-body to work on that day. But he evidently knows that where no law is there is no transgres-sion, and so until his bill becomes a law he is free to use Sunday for business. This is, shown by the fact that he was in his place in the Senate during its session March 3, and in a lull in the business proceedings presented another petition in favor of his Religious Amendment bill. Sunday must be observed by everybody, if its advocates have to work all day Sunday to accomplish their object. THE Christian Statesman refers to the AMERI-CAN SENTINEL as "the paper published in oppo-sition to the Christian idea of civil government." In this, as in most things, the Statesman is mistaken; the SENTINEL is not published in op-position to the Christian idea of civil govern-ment, but in support of it. The SENTINEL is published in opposition to the Papal idea of civil government. The Christian idea of civil gov-ernment is announced by Christ, namely, that to Cmsar are to be rendered only the things that are Cmsar's, while to God are to be rendered the things only that are God's. This idea is embodied in the United States Constitution, which declares that the National Legislature shall have nothing to do in the, matter of religion. It demands that to Ctesar shall be rendered the things that are Cmsar's, and leaves every man free to render to God the things that are God's. The words of Jesus Christ and the principles of the American Constitution are the platform upon which the AMERICAN SENTINEL stands. THE Field Secretary of the American Sunday Union, Mr. W. F. Crafts, is out with a circular calling on everybody to sign his petition, which he says represents 14,000,000 people. Of course, everybody who has read the SENTINEL knows that this is not true, but we suppose he will keep on saying so, nevertheless. Aside from absolute dishonesty, we can account for such reckless state-ments only on the ground that he has become so infatuated with the Papal theory of representation that he sees nothing incongruous in one man em-bodying in his own personality millions of people. If our Congressmen shall recognize that petition for what is claimed for it, it will show that Re-publicanism is dead in this country. The name will continue just as it continued in Rome after Ccesar became Dictator, but it will be only a name. A SERIES of county conventions has been held in Pennsylvania, preparatory to the approaching quarter centennial celebration of the National Reform Association. In 'announcing four of these conventions, the Christian Statesman of February 21 said " These all are held under joint control of the W. C. T. U. and the N. R. A." "The addresses will be by ladies and gen-tlemen of both organizations." Among the sub-jects of the addresses, were the following: "The National Reform Movement the Work of the Holy Spirit," and "Woman's Work in Enthron-ing Christ in Our Government and Laws." This last was by Mrs. Mary C. Welsh, president of the Washington W. C. T. U. Another official of the W. C. T. U. had a Bible-reading on "Christ in Civil Government." These items show two things; namely, that the interests of the National Reform Association and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union are identical, and that both are working for a union of Church and State. MR. CRAFTS complains that the counter peti-tions, asking Congress not to pass laws interfering with religion, are " so worded as to give the false impression that we are asking for a law to pro-mote the religious observance of the Sabbath, whereas our petition seeks only protection for Sunday rest and worship." Well, is there no religion in Sunday rest and worship? If Mr. Crafts takes that ground, he differs very much from Presbyterians of the olden time. But if there is nothing of religion in their proposed Sunday law, why did Mr. Crafts, in answer to the question, " Could not this weekly day of rest be secured without reference to religion ? " say to the Knights of Labor: "A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land, except on the basis of religious legislation. Take the religion out, and you take the rest out." Does Mr. Crafts tell the same st zy to everyone he meets? or does he, like "Mr. Orator Puff," have two voices ? 1. Ł 0 THE editor of the Burlington Hawkeye, which, by the way, publishes no Sunday edition, says: "It is absurd to claim that the work upon a Monday morning paper can be done on Saturday and after twelve o'clock Sunday night; for the news cannot be gathered until it happens, and it cannot be put in type until it is prepared." This is so evident that anybody can see it, and yet the clamorers for a Sunday law have no objection to the Monday paper, the work of which is mostly done Sunday night, while they execrate the Sun-day morning paper, the work upon which is  mostly done the day before. Why is this? Sim-ply because the Sunday paper is a rival to the church service. If it can be suppressed, then no doubt some who now stay at home to read it will go to church in order to pass away the time, just as the Christians (?) of the fourth century at-tended church when the theaters were closed to them. That is all that the Sunday-law advocates want. If the many who now stay at home to read the Sunday newspaper can be driven to church, they will not trouble themselves about the smaller number who have to work on Sunday to get out Monday morning's paper. SAYS the Christian Nation:Š "Not a day too soon has been begun the aggress-ive work of Dr. W. F. Crafts and his Sabbath As-sociation for securing a National Sabbath law. In New York City the saloon has made the bold demand for a law permitting the continuance of its businesses on the Sabbath as on other days ; and so portentous of evil is their move that the secular pressŠitself a sinner in the same direction, but not willing to give Sunday completely into the devil's handsŠhas sounded a warning in vigorous language." Does anybody notice in the above any hint of special antipathy to the liquor traffic? No; it is only the Sunday that is in danger. Very "por-tentous of evil is this move." In what respect? In that the liquor traffic is increasing? Oh, no; only in that it spreads its business over a little more time, and does some of it on Sunday. Even "the secular press" is being made to feel that it is wicked to sell liquorŠon Sunday. 4. Ł 4. THE Lutheran Observer, whose editor is an active member of the Executive Committee of the American Sunday Union, notes the fact that petitions are being presented to the Senate every day, asking for the passage of the Sunday-Rest bill, and calls for the hearty co-operation of the Germanic churches in the movement. It says :Š "Our godly pastors and their people, by help-ing to swell the number and weight of the peti-tions in favor of better Sabbath observance, will become a very important factor. When not prac-ticable to secure individual names, whole congre-gations, through vestries or pastors, can forward their petition." That's the way it is done. If individual sig-natures cannot be obtained, just sign for the whole congregation, and in that way you will get many more petitioners, for you will be able to Count in many who would not sign under any condition. When people can reconcile such a course with honesty, we don't see what is to hin-der their fabricating a congregation, and sending in a large list of names from some obscure place where there is no church. Nobody could detect the fraud, since the petitions are usually presented as from States and not from certain towns. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $100. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 