FEURTYARY 20, 1896. AdDIDEFEICA,IV 59 plans if he should do so. They would have the various functions and offices of govern- ment remain as they are; at least, they have given no hint of any purpose to the con-trary. Tile question then arises, In this govern-ment of God on earth, who would do the gov-erning? We are told of course that God would govern; but how would this be done? He will not descend himself, nor send angels down ,from he wen, to take control of affairs. No; it will still remain for men to fill the quondam positions of public trust. But how is it to be known what men are suitable for these positions? How is the divine will to be made known in this respect? Where now is the pillar of cloud, from which God commu-nicated with his people of old? Where is the visible shrine of his glory to which men may seek, or where the Urim and the Thummim, by which his will was wont to be made known? Where are the seers and prophets by whose anointing it may be manifest what men are chosen of God? There are none, must be the confession of the religious world. And still the necessity remains of selecting such men for public office as will make this a govern-ment of God. How then can it be done? Will the choice be left to the people themselves? That would not do, for more than half the people of the land are not even professedly Christians. Hence they could not select the proper can-didates for office. But the " reform" party are not unprepared for this emergency. They have a solution of the problem, and it has been already announced. It appeared in an article by Rev. W. F. Crafts, in the Christian Statesman of July 5, 1888. It was stated in one sentence, thus :Š The preachers are the successors of the prophets. This throws a flood of light upon the whole situation. Anciently, the prophets made known the ones whom God had appointed to office; the same will now be done by the preachers. And obviously no preachers can 'so fittingly assume this task as those who have so long recognized and advocated its neces-sity! And thus is seen the purpose of the demand for a "Christian" government: This must be a Łgovernment of God; it must therefore be a government by Christian officials; the officials must therefore be chosen by the preachers. In short, if only this is made a government of God, we [the preachers] will do the gov- erning! And that is what we want, and are Ł determined to have! And what the people will then have in place of their present free government, is set forth in the article, " Clerical Civil Government," on page 60. Ł Al, Ł GOING TO THE ROOT OF THE MATTER. REFERRtNG to the so-called Christian amendment, the Truth Seeker, of this city, says:Š Freethinkers go to the root of the matter by refus-ing to admit the existence of the being the Christians describe as God; by denying that civil government has any other source than the people who establish it, and by opposing all religious legislation as a fraud, a usurpation, and a tyranny. This ground is per-fectly tenable under the Constitution. and it is the only refuge from the tide of religions fanaticism and political hypocrisy that is floating the theocrats on to Washington. This is a mistake. It is much easier to go to the root of the matter while acknowledging the being of God, and that rights have a higher source than the will of the people.  " There is no power bat of God," and "the powers that be are ordained of God." But, as we have many times shown, as God has ordained these powers, so, he has lim-ited them, and in this fact is our only se-curity. The Declaration of Independence, written by Thomas Jefferson, an avowed liberal, rec- ognizes both the being of God, and that he is the author of rights, and consequently of government. " We old these truths to be self-evident," wrote Jefferson, " that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain, unalienable rights."  These words ,recognize the Creator and the divine origin of rights. If civil government had no other source than the people, then there could be no rights superior to the will of the people; and the pagan motto, " What-ever is, is right," would be true in government as in everything else. But the Declaration of Independence distinctly affirms the divine or-igin of human rights and makes those rights superior to human government, because they are God-given. Government is ordained of God to be " a terror to evil-doers and a praise to them that do well." He has, therefore, ordained no in-vasion of the rights which he himself gave, and whatever liberty freethinkers enjoy to-day is due to the recognition by their fellowmen of the fact that they, equally with other men, are by their Creator endowed with certain unalienable rights; consequently they and they only go to the root of this matter who recognize God as the Creator, and who, ac-knowledging his right to command them, maintain their God-given right to worship him according to the dictates of their own consciences, and who also consistently main-tain that every other man has the same God-given right not to worship if he so elects. "PEACE, ORDER, AND GOOD GOVERNMENT" IN BROOKLYN. ON the evening of January 29, a large "mass meeting" was held in Dr. Meredith's church, Brooklyn, for the purpose of securing a more rigid enforcement of the excise Sunday law in that city. Speeches were made and resolutions passed which were deemed appro-priate to the occasion. The preamble and first resolution read thus:Š Recognizing the sacredness of our Christian institu-tions, and the obligations of all Christians to sustain the legislative enactments which minister to peace, order and good government; and, WHEREAS, It is the conviction of this representative assembly of the city of Brooklyn that peace, order, and good government are discouraged, and, to a great degree, prostrated, by the partially unrestricted Hale of intoxicating drinks on the day recognized by the majority of our citizens and by statute as our day of rest, quiet and public worship; therefore, be it Resolved, First, That we pledge our united support to his honor, Mayor Wunder, in an impartial enforce-ment of that section of the excise law providing that no liquor he sold or offered for sale during the hours of Sunday in any saloon or store, and that he he urged to clothe the police force with all the authority pro-vided by statute. The introductory words, " Recognizing the sacredness of our Christian institutions," are significant of the real purpoQe of the gather-ing. This recognized " sacredness" is to be given the benefit of legal enactments. But is this recognition a proper reason for petitioning for a stricter enforcement of any statute ? The laws are for all alike; but this "recognition" is altogether partial. Very many people in the land do not recognize the sacredness of Christian institutions, and some who do, do not recognize Sunday as one of them. Hence the recognition named affords  at best only a ground for legislation which would be class legislation, and therefore partial and unjust. The second clause of the preamble cites the " conviction of this representative assembly of the city of Brooklyn that peace, order, and good government are discouraged, and to a great degree prostrated, by the partially unre-stricted sale of intoxicating drinks on the day recognized by the majority of our citizens and by statute as our day of rest, quiet, and public worship." Undoubtedly this conviction states the truth, and Sunday liquor selling should be prohibited; but if " the partially unre-stricted sale" of intoxicants on that day is destructive of public peace, order, and good government, what must be said of the wholly unrestricted sale of the same (except to minors) on all other days ? In other words, if peace, order, and good government in Brooklyn is the real object sought at such mass-meetings, why is the partially unre-stricted sale of intoxicants on Sunday a greater hindrance to the 'attainment of that end than is the unrestricted sale of intoxicants on other days of the week ? If peace, order, and good government are to be secured in a city, why not call for pro-hibition of the liquor traffic on every day alike ? Can that object be secured by any-thing short of this ? It may be said that liquor selling cannot be stopped by laws prohibiting it. Very true; neither can stealing and murder be stopped by laws against them. Yet such laws are proper and necessary, and no one advocates their repeal, or the prohibition of such acts only on Sunday. If liquor selling is justŠnot destructive of human rightsŠlet it be allowed all the time. We have nothing to fear from what is right. No person can be unjustly hurt by that at any time. But if it be unjustŠan invader of the rights of mankindŠlet it be prohibited as such; let it be outlawed like all other enemies of our rights. Let it be kept away from us all the time. We do not believe in a kind of prohibition which allows an intoxicant to be sold six days in the week (thus enabling the consumer to have it in his possession on every day of the week and to become its victim and a perpe-trator of crime upon every day), and really accomplishes only the exaltation of a relig-ious institution. SUNDAY STREET STREET CARS FOR TORONTO. [Christian Register, January 30.] BY the recent decision of a court of appeal in Canada it is decided that Toronto shall have the use of street cars on Sunday. This city has, been Puritanically Sabbatarian, and the cars have been prohibited on the streets until after midnight Sunday. The incon-sistency of such legislation is shown in the fact that, while the horse cars have been prohibited, carriages and bicycles have been allowed to run. People rich enough to own a carriage conll therefore ride to church, and those having bicycles could ride in other di-notions. The great majority of church-goers were compelled to go on foot. For the young and healthy this is no hardship; for, what with elevators, street cars, and bicycles, we are losing the use of our legs. For the aged and infirm and for many others who want street cars for other purposes than church-going the sabbatarian law has been very in-convenient; and there is nothing to show that Toronto is any more religious than other cities for imposing this form of public in-convenience. 