mpg "If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, JUNE 28, 1894. NUMBER 26. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BONI) STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. LONZO T. JONES, OCLALVIN P. BOLLMAN, V. BALLENGER, - Ix studying the errors of the papacy the question naturally arises, How came such a falling away from the truths of the gospel as taught by the Lord Jesus Christ himself and by his apostles, endued, as they were, by the Spirit of God ? The answer is, It was by the self-exaltation of the creature above the Creator. WHEN Paul was at Thessalonica, he preached to the people about the second coming of the Lord. And after he went away he wrote them a letter, in which he referred to the same subject, in these words: " This we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God; and the dead in Christ shall rise first: then we which are alive and remain shall -be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air : and so shall we ever be with the Lord." 1 Thess. 4:15-17. THE Thessalonians, forgetting the in-struction they had received from the apos-tle personally on this subject, misinter-preted his words and concluded that the Lord was coming in their day. This coming to the .apostle's knowledge, he wrote them a second letter, in which he exhorts them thus : "Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus 'Christ, and by our gathering together unto him, that ye be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand. Let no man deceive you by any means : for that day shall not come, .except there come a Tailing away first,,  and that man of sin be vevealed, the son .of perdition ; who op-poseth and exalteth himself above all that  is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, spewing himself that he is God.' Remember ye not, that, when I was yet with you, I told you these things ? And now ye know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time. For the mystery of iniquity doth already "dork: only he who now letteth will let, until he be taken out of the way. And then shall that Wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming." 2 Thess. 2:1-8. ALL this Paul had taught the Thessalo-nians when he was with them, as he re-minds them in the fifth verse : " Remem-ber ye not, that, when I was yet with you, I told you these things ?" Then, having recalled to their minds the fact, he simply appeals to their knowledge, and says, " And now ye know what withholdeth that he [the son of perdition] might be revealed in his time." This plainly sets forth the prophecy of a great falling away or apostasy from the truth of the gospel. The purity of the gospel of Christ would be corrupted, and its intent perverted. THE falling away of which Paul wrote to the Thessalonians, is referred to in his counsel to the elders, or bishops, of the church at Ephesus, whom he called to meet him at Miletus. To them he said : " For I know this, that after my depart-ing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock. Also of your own selves shall men arise, speaking per-verse things, to draw away disciples after them. Therefore watch, and remember, that by the space of three years I ceased not to warn every one night and day with tears." Acts 20: 29-31. THIS warning was not alone to the people of Ephesus in the three years that he was there. It is seen through all his epistles. Because of this readiness of individuals to assert themselves, to get wrong views of the truth, and to speak perverse things, the churches had constantly to be checked, guided, trained, reproved, and rebuked. But it was not alone nor chiefly from these characters that the danger threat-ened. It was those who from among the  disciples would arise speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them. Through error of judgment, a man might speak perverse things with no bad inten-tion; but the ones here mentioned would speak perverse things purposely and with the intention of making disciples for themselvesŠto draw away disciples after them instead of to draw disciples to Christ. These would pervert the truth, and would have to pervert the truth, in order to ac-complish their purpose. He who always speaks the truth as it is in Jesus, will draw disciples to Jesus, and not to him-self. To draw to Christ will be his only wish. But when one seeks to draw disci-ples to himself, and puts himself in the place of Christ, then he must pervert the truth, and accommodate it to the wishes of those whom he hopes to make his own disciples. This is wickedness; this is apostasy. THERE was another consideration which made the danger the more imminent. These words were spoken to the bishops. It was a company of bishops, or elders, to whom the apostle was speaking when he said: "Of your own selves shall men arise speaking perverse things to draw away disciples after them." From that order of men who were chosen to guide and to care for the Church of Christ, from those who were set to protect the churchŠfrom this order of men there would be those who would pervert their calling, their office, and the purpose of it, to build up themselves, and gather disciples to them-selves in the place of Christ. To watch this spirit, to check its influence, and to guard against its workings, was the con-stant effort of the apostle; and for the reason as stated to the Thessalonians, that the mystery of iniquity was already work-ing. There were at that time elements abroad which the apostle could plainly see would develop into all that the Scriptures had announced. And scarcely were the last of the apostles dead when the evil appeared in its practical workings; and to study the growth of this apostasy is only to study the growth of the papacy, for it was the papacy in its earlier stages. No sooner were the apostles removed from the stage of action, no sooner was their watchful attention gone, and their - - EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 