74 1CdLIEIL ILCANNT SIEN IEJLA. VoL. 8, No. 10. society at large, much more is it exempt from the authority of the government. The latter is but the creature and vicegerent of the former. Its juris-diction is both derivative and limited. It is limited with regard to the co ordinate departments of the government, and most necessarily is it limited with regard to the whole people. The preservation of free government requires not merely that the metes and bounds which separ-ate each department of the governmental power be invariably maintained, but more especially that neither of them be suffered to overleap the great barrier which defends the rights of the people. The rulers who are guilty of such encroachment exceed the commission from which they derive their authority, and are tyrants. The people who submit to it are governed by laws made neither by themselves nor any authority derived from them, and are slaves. 3. It is proper to take alarm at this experiment upon our liberties. We hold this prudent jealousy to be the first duty of citizens, and the noblest characteristic of the American Revolution. The freemen of America did not wait till usurped power had strengthed itself by exercise, and en-tangled itself in precedents. They saw all the con-sequences in the principle, and avoided the conse-quences by denying the principle. We revere this lesson too much soon to forget it. Who does not see that the same authority that can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other religions, may establish with the same ease any particular sect of Christians, in exclusion of all other sects And it is impossible for the magis-trate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith, with-out erecting a claim of infallibility, which would lead us back to the Church of Rome. Who does not see that the same authority that can require assent to Christianity as the national religion, may, with the same propriety, require assent to each par-ticular phase and feature of that religion ? that the same authority that can require the observ-ance of the " Christian Sabbath," may, by the same right, require the observance of every other " Chris-tian " practice, custom, or institution ? nay, more, that with the same propriety and the same right, the authority which may require assent to Christi-anity as the national religion, may require assent to any other religion which the shifting policy of Government might seem to demand ? For it is certain that there is no argument in favor of estab-lishing the Christian religion which may not, with equal propriety, be pleaded for establishing the tenets of Mohammed by those who believe the Koran; or Buddhism or any other religion by those who believe in such religion. 4. During almost sixteen centuries has the legal establishment of " Christianity " been on trial, under a number of different claims and phases. What have been its fruits ? More or less in all places pride, indolence, and insolence in the fa-vored clergy; ignorance and servility in the assent-ing laity ; in both superstition, bigotry, and perse-cution. Inquiring of the teachers of Christianity, for the ages in which it appears in its greatest power and luster, those of every sect will point to the time before its incorporation with the civil power; whether it be viewed ih its first propaga-tion by the apostles, or in its revival in the great Reformation. 5. On the other hand, what influence, in fact, have established religions had on civil society ? In some instances they have been seen to erect a spiritual tyranny on the ruins of civil authority; in many instances they have been seen upholding the thrones of political tyranny; in no instance have they been seen the guardians of the liberties of the people. A just government, instituted to secure and perpetuate public liberty, needs them not. Such a government will be best supported by protecting every citizen in the enjoyment of his religion, with Ł the same equal hand which protects his person and propertyŠby neither invading the equal right§ of any §§ot  pr incliviclual, nor suffering any sect to invade those of another or of any indivi-dual. 6. This establishment of a national religion here is a serious departure from that generous disposi-tion of this Government, which, offering an asy-lum to the persecuted and oppressed of every na-tion and religion, has made this Nation the glory of the ages and the admiration of the world. What a melancholy mark are these acts of sudden de-generacy! Instead of holding forth an asylum to the persecuted, they are themselves a signal of per-secution. They degrade from the equal rank of citizens all whose opinions in religion do not bend to those of the governmental authority. Distant as these may be in their present form from the In-quisition they differ from it only in degree. The one is the first step, the other is the last, in the career of intolerance. Henceforth the magnani-mous sufferer from this cruel scourge in foreign regions must view this action of our Government as a beacon on our coast warning him that now there is on earth no haven where he may be secure from religious oppression and persecution. 7. Finally, the equal rights of every citizen to the free exercise of religion according to the dic-tates of the individual conscience is held by the same tenure as all other rights. If we recur to its origin, it is equally the gift of nature; if we weigh its importance, it cannot be less dear to us. If we consult the national Constitution, the grand charter of those rights which pertain to the good people of the United States, it is not only enumerated with equal solemnity, but it is reserved with studied and special emphasis. Either, then, we must say that the will of the governmental authority is the only measure of that authority, and that in the plenitude of that authority it may sweep away all our fundamental rights, or that it is bound to leave this particular right untouched and sacred. Either we must say that the governmental authorities may control the freedom of the press, may abolish the trial by jury Šnay, that they may despoil us of our very right of suffrage and erect themselves into an independ-ent and hereditary body, or we must say that they had no authority to make the declaration and de-cision, or to pass the acts under consideration. What then shall we say 2 The only thing that men can say ; that the Government of the United States has no such authority, and in order that no effort may be omitted on our part against so dan-gerous a usurpation, we oppose to it this appeal and remonstrance. We, therefore as Christians, as Protestants, as American citizens, and as men, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the name and by the author-ity of the natural rights of mankind, of the Con-stitution of the United States, of the history of more than eighteen hundred years, and of the Lord Jesus Christ, solemnly publish and declare that we are and of right ought to be, free and independent of all connection, direction, dictation, interference, or control, of the Government of the United States, in matters of religion or religious observance or in-stitutions of any kind or degree; and that, as such, as far asŁ earthly authority is concerned, we have full right to be religious or not religious, to worship or not to worship, to observe a day or not to observe it according to the dictates of our own consciences and the convictions of our own minds. And for the support of this appeal, remonstrance, and declaration and with a firm reliance on the protection of the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, we mutually pledge to each other and to the world, our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor. To Christian manhood there is given but one course,Šequal and exact justice to all.. The deviation of but a hair's breadth in the foundation will overthrow the super-structure of character however imposing it may seem. The smallest germ of compromise imbedded in the crevice of the wall may overthrow the whole building. The Drag-net of the Tennessee In- quisition. LITTLE by little the iniquity of the Ten-nessee inquisition is being revealed, and the more light that is thrown upon it the worse it looks. The Statutes of Tennessee provide that when an offense has been com-mitted against the laws of the State, and the same comes to the knowledge of the court, and no one appears to prosecute the offender, the court may appoint the attorney-general, of the judicial district in which the offense was committed, prosecutor ex-officio, to secure indictments against the person or persons supposed to have committed the offense. When Attorney-General Lewis entered upon the duties, of his office about a year ago, he was importuned by a number of citizens to prosecute the Adventists for Sunday work, under the decision of the Supreme Court making it a nuisance to do common labor or business upon the first day of the week. No one was wil-ling, however, to appear as prosecutor, although the offense charged was main-taining a public nuisance; because as they said, " The Adventists are good neigh-bors and we do not want to offend them !" But the attorney-general was equal to the emergency. He secured the names of " the five leading members of the Ad-ventist Church" in Henry County, and then got the Grand Jury to sign a peti-tion to the circuit judge praying that he (the attorney-general) should be ap-pointed to prosecute these men against whom their neighbors were ashamed to appear. General Lewis received the necessary authority; hence the prose-cutions last summer. But that did not, as Mr. Lewis supposed it would do, put a stop to the Sunday work. The Adventists were still de-termined to obey that part of the com-mandment which says, " Six days shalt thou labor," and so they continued to work on Sunday after having kept "the Sabbath-day according to the command-ment." Then the attorney-general de-termined to crush them at one blow, and so, getting together the names of several of the male members of the Adventist Church in Henry County, he again se-cured a petition from the Grand Jury asking the Court for authority to prose-cute the parties named, and, for fear any should escape, " many other persons to the Grand Jury 'unknown." Judge Swiggart signed the order for the inquisitorial drag-net, and indictments were found against seventeen persons, eleven of them Ad-ventists; the others being negro laborers on one of the railroads running through the county. But when the indictments were exam-ined and compared with the order of the Court for the prosecution of the supposed offenders, it was found that the names in the former did not correspond with those given in the latter. For instance, in the order, the attorney-general was directed to secure an indictment against W. D. Ward, but this man, if any such exists, was not indicted; indictments were found, how-ever, against W. G. Ward, Harry Ward and Rufus Ward. The order also con-tained the name of Š Wilson. Upon this very indefinite authority,which would apply as well to one Wilson as to another, indictments were found against John A. Wilson and Charles Wilson. In like manner, the name, Š Bollman appeared in the order, and he, she, or it was duly 