80 A.101 1b:11Ra C Vol.. 11, No. 10. ,EW YORK, MARCH 5, 1896. tar ANY one receiving the AmmucArT SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. ANYBODY desiring extra copies of the arti-cle by Mr. Charles E. Buell, in last week's SENTINEL, can procure them by writing to Mr. Buell, at Plainfield, N. J. THE case of Ira Babcock, referred to on page 77, under the heading, " Religious Per-secution in North Carolina," has been con-tinued by the State to the next term of Court. IN a note in these columns, February 6, concerning Volume 10, reference was inad-vertently made to the articles on the Papacy and Papal Infallibility, the Real Presence, etc. These articles were published in Vol-ume 9. READ " History Repeating Itself," on page 76. The Adventist Community in Lake County, Tenn., the scene of this persecution, is only a lumber camp in the forest, and the men who are " disturbed" by their work go there on Sunday for the express purpose of spying upon the liberty of the Adventists, and incidentally of Becnring fees by appearing as witnesses against them. THE successful struggle made by the small, undisciplined, and almost unarmed bands of Cuban patriots, against the armies and re-sources of Spain, adds one more evidence to those recorded in history, of the value of lib-erty as a prize to inspire the soul and nerve the arm of man. What all mankind need is more liberty,Šgospel liberty, which is free-dom in its full sense. THE dispatch from Albany, printed on page 78, under the heading, " For a Liberal' Sunday," presents some unique features. It seems strange to see "orthodox" Sunday-keeping clergymen, arrayed on the side of liquor-selling on any day, to say nothing of selling on Sunday. But these clergymen are evidently not of the number who believe that Sunday is a di-vine institution. Episcopalians very generally hold that the Sunday is simply and only an institution of the Church, and that its moral sanctions are no greater than the sanctions of any other church festival; hence Dr. Rains-ford's contention that the opening of saloons on Sunday is not a moral wrong. If by this he means no worse on Sunday than on other days he is certainly right. One point worthy of special notice in this connection is the plea that " the majority of educated Christian men are coming to the belief that they cannot get the tenement peo- ple to go to church by closing the saloons:,  Does the doctor wish to be understood that he would favor Sunday closing if thereby more of the people could be made to go to church? His language is by no means clear on this point, and leaves the unpleasant suspicions that with him the whole question is one of policy rather than of principle and of rights, and that if the Church could be really bene-fited by such a measure the end would justify the means. Dr. Rylance is doubtless correct in his state-ment that "the poor people want none of the religion that is not based on equal privileges to rich and poor." But if the report does him justice, he greatly errs in saying that " the Decalogue has nothing to do with the laws of Jesus Christ to-day." The Decalogue is the law of Jesus Christ: it is " the law of liberty." James 1: 25. "Know ye not," says the apostle, " that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey; whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto right-eousness? " Just as under civil government only the man walks at liberty who obeys the law, so under the Government of God, they only are free who walk in the path of his com-mandments. This is no reason, however, why the State should attempt to enforce the divine law; indeed, it is the reason why the State should confine itself to its own legitimate sphere, namely, to the relations of men to their fellowmen. THE Pittsburg Dispatch, of the 14th ult., publishes the following:Š RICHMOND, VA. , Feb. 13.Š(Special)---A bill has been presented in the House by Mr. Berkeley, providing that every minister entitled to celebrate the rites of marriage must teach the doctrines of the persuasion to which he belongs; that he must have visited at least twice in every thirty days every member of his congregation; that he must have held private worship in every home of his congregation at least twice in thirty days; that he must have visited the bedside of every sick person in the need of spiritual advice and comfort, and that he must not have been absent from his place of worship, unless prevented by sick-ness, more than four Sundays in a year. The penalty for an infraction of the law is a fine of not less than $10 nor more than $500, the offender to be held incapable of exercising his official functions until the fine is paid. Of course no such bill has been seriously proposed, but such a measure would be worse than some of the "laws" now upon the stat-ute books only in degree. The meddlesome principle is the same. " THE Hon. John Charlton," says the Suy, of this city, " a Liberal member of the Dom-inion House of Commons, has introduced into that body a bill providing that canals, rail-ways, and newspapers, shall not be allowed to work on Sundays. Mr. Charlton, evidently a man of broad observation and profound study, says that Sunday newspapers are at the bottom of the neglect of Sunday observance' in this unhappy country, and that persons in the newspaper business here ' become physical wrecks in a short time.' According to the same careful authority the death statistics of American cities show that ' the average news-paper life of a reporter on one of the big  dailies is less than seven years."' Continu-ing, the Sun remarks that " Mr. Charlton is a philosopher and statistician whose assertions will be heard with great interest by the phys-ical wrecks that he describes," and offers in-cidentally to publish his picture if the gen-tleman will furnish it. But the Sun need not go to Canada for pictures of such men as the father of the Dominion Sunday bill. The woods in the United States are full of them, and unfortunately some of them have got out of the woods and into our halls of leg-islation, State and national, and are urging measures here not one whit better than Mr. Charlton's bill. In fact, the measure he is urging in the Dominion Parliament is only American National " Reform" slopped over into Canada. Will the Sun not wither with its rays some of the mildew of medimvalism in our own land? THE National House of Representatives in committee of the whole, on Monday, February 24, after a heated debate, by a vote of 64 to 93, decided to reject the item of $308,471 for sectarian Indian Schools in the Indian Ap-propriation Bill. The only schools for which this bill proposed appropriation were Roman Catholic. Mr. Linton, of Michigan led in the opposi-tion to the appropriation. Messrs. Cooper of Wisconsin, Watson, of Ohio, Hainer, of Ne-braska, McLachlan, of California, Grosvenor, of Ohio followed in support of the amendment to strike out. Messrs. Eddy, of Minnesota, Gamble, of South Dakota, and Walsh and Sherman, of New York, made speeches favor-ing the appropriation. It was shown in the course of the debate that these sectarian Indian Schools had in the last eleven years received more than $5,000,000. All Protestant denominations having sometime ago declined to receive any more appropriations for Indian Schools, tl e Catholic Church alone was left to receive the benefit of this appropriation. It was stated on the fl or of the House that " Father " Steven labored assiduously for the continua-tion of the appropriation. THE Sunday closing of saloons by law throws the sanction of law around a traffic which steals the health, the wealth, and the happiness of its victim and of those depend-ent on him, which kills him and murders in-nocent persons, and which almost every feat-ure of its character stamps as an outlaw. It ought to be left an outlaw. It should never be clothed with the respectability of legal sanction. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. 