T1=TE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 157 The remainder, representing the Moravians and the Evangelical Association, are all against Sunday opening. The grounds for the Roman Catholic negative are expressed by Archbishop Ireland, of St. Paul. They are that Sun-day "is already too seriously attacked, whether from the greed of capital or the aggressiveness of irreligion," for us " to yield, even in a lesser degree, to its ad-versaries during solemn national occur-rences." The interests of labor also, in his opinion, require that the day be kept for rest; and whatever tends to diminish its inviolability tends to the injury of the workingman. " Our accustomed observ-ance of Sunday," he. adds, "is the glory of America." Bishop Clark, of Rhode Island, repre-sents the Episcopal opposition to Sunday opening when he says that the Exposition can not be opened on Sunday " without shocking the religious sensibilities of the great majority of our people," and with-out setting an example which " might be very disastrous and lead to the throwing open of all sorts of popular amusements on Sunday." That is substantially the view of the Methodist and other Protest-ant bishops who are against Sunday open-ing. The other side is represented by Arch-bishop Ryan, of Philadelphia, who can see " no violation of the Sabbath in per-mitting the public to walk through the grounds and admire the products of human industry and the fine arts, which tend to improve and refine the mind." Therefore he would open the gates on Sunday after-noons. So also Archbishop Janssens, of New Orleans, thinks that "if a Christian gives a reasonable time in the morning to religious devotions, he may be allowed to indulge in an innocent and useful recrea-tion in the afternoon." Bishop Grafton, of the Episcopal Church, regards it as "Pharisaical hypocrisy" to censure "some poor laborer who goes into a picture gallery or listens to a band of "music" on Sunday. He would open the departments devoted to art after twelve o'clock on Sun-day, believing that shutting the gates en-tirely " would Ł only be in. the interests of the saloons and theaters." The single colored Methodist bishop who is in favor of Sunday opening is Bishop Turner. He thinks that desecration of the day would be prevented rather than encouraged by such a course. " With a hundred thou-sand or more visitors all the time in the city, if they are shut out from the Expo-sition, they will naturally gravitate to every centre of vice and corruption." He would open the gates in the afternoon at a reduction of the price of admission, but would stop the machinery and everything calling for special labor, allow no buying or selling except of substantial food, give sacred conceits, temperance and moral leCtures, and have preaching by " minis-ters of the gospel, all without regard to  race and color." The managers, he says, " could procure colored singers enough alone to have two or three concerts in operation at the same time," and hundreds of ministers among the visitors would be glad to take turns at the preaching. If the question were put to the vote of the people of the Union, would not the great majority agree with the small mi-nority of the bishops who argue for Sunday opening ? We have no doubt that that would be the result, for Sunday is the day when this great majority can best enjoy such a display. As to the comparatively small amount of labor involved in the opening, there would be no trouble. Mul-titudes of people would welcome the op-portunity to perform it, as multitudes are glad to run Sunday cars and trains for the accommodation of church-goers. If it would be wrong to go to the Chicago Ex-position on Sunday, is it not also wrong that the Central Park here in New York should be most often crowded on that day ? Where is the moral distinction be-tween enjoying the beauty and the recrea-tions of that pleasure ground and enjoying and profiting by the magnificent display of a World's Fair ? As for ourselves, we can not see it. At this very time a petition to the trus-tees of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, asking that that building be opened on Sunday, is receiving great numbers of signatures, and they are the names of re-ligious people in great part. If it is prof-itable for the people to visit that display of the treasures of art and industry on Sunday, it would be of far greater profit for them to observe and study the vastly more comprehensive museum which a World's Fair is. What are the people to do on Sunday ? Even when they go to church more than nine-tenths of the day still remains. They must do something, for mere idleness is.  the devil's opportunity. They must have means of recreation; and what could be better for that purpose than a grand dis-play of the world's achievements in art and industry, showing the progress of man-kind in civilization and refinement ?ŠThe Sun. Army Chaplains. UPON the subject of Ł chaplains in the army, General Schofield says :Š Under the conditions now existing a corps of chaplains belonging to many diverse denominations would be like a medical corps, or an engineer corps, composed of the adherents to as many diverse the-ories on the science of medicine or of engineering. In all other things the War Department prescribes an exact code by which all in the army are to be in-structed and governed; but in religion and in morals it must allow to all in the army the freedom guaran-teed by the fundamental principles of our Govern-ment. There is, therefore, very little field for the performance of official religious services in the army, and great danger of doing more harm than good by any attempt to exercise military control or influence over religious matters. My impression is that the  best policy would be to leave the various garrisons in the army free to select religious ministers of their choice, as other communities in this country do, the action of Congress to be limited to supplying the necessary money to pay for their services, and that of the War Department to regulating the mode of their election. In this manner a large proportion of the troops, if not all, could have the services of their own faith at least a part of the time, which they do not now. From personal experience we know, not only that there is very little field for the performance of official religious services in the army, but that there is a good deal less performance in this than the size of the field allows; but the General's pro-posal to have Congress pay for the serv-ices of those whom the army might choose, and the War Department to regulate the mode of their election, would leave the question just about as it is now. It cer-tainly would not better the matter any. The only right thing to do is for Congress to abolish all chaplaincies. If this were done the army and the navy would receive much better attention religiously than they possibly can under any system of chaplaincies. The chaplains that are there do the men no good, and they prevent others from doing them any good. If this system were abolished, as it ought to be, then the soldiers and the marines would be visited by those who are really interested in their religious welfare, and who would do this work because they were interested in it. In this way many times more good would come to the army and navy than can ever possibly come from any system of chaplaincies that could be arranged. Ł -0- Ł A LAWYER in North Carolina, who has read THE SENTINEL three months, writes : I have been reading with pleasure and decided approval the numbers of THE SENTINEL you have kindly sent me. About two years ago, I wrote for the local paper an article on the crigin and sanctity of the Christian Sabbath, commonly called Sunday, and respecting its nature and obligation, to correct what I consider general ignorance and misconcep-tion on the subject; and it was highly approved by many persons of piety and learning, including churchmen; but it stirred up such a bitter feeling and controversy on the part of a Presbyterian clergyman and his followers, that after a few replies and rejoinders I quit the subject, with good grace, however. I have no time to write at length and refer to much of the ground covered by THE SENTINEL. I will only sum up briefly my politics on the whole subject. I believe that the Saviour intended that his gospel should be propagated by simple preaching without the aid of the State; that it does not require any outside help, and that the whole world can not suppress it. It can accomplish nothing except through its effect on the hearts and consciences of men, and it can do this only when presented to them gently and lovingly, and it must be accepted voluntarily, without force, constraint, or interference of law. Whilst the Christian's life is a warfare, the fight must be between the man and himself, and his evil passions and appetites, and not between him and some one else who wants to make him good by force, if need be, whether he will or no. This puts the devil in any one, and makes him hate religion, if such be religion. The Church and its ministry should not strive with men, except by earnest plea and entreaty, and when it goes out into the world and interferes by law, or personal opposition, with the business or pleasures of men, it abandons its field of duty, and surrenders all its power and its influence. You have a her-culean task before you to set the country straight on this subject. 