812 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE other dayŠSundayŠwe listened to a discourse by one of the best known ministers of this city, based upon the text, "Be ye also ready." The words are a part of the solemn admonition of the Saviour to his fol-lowers with reference to the time of his return again to earth, to reward the just and bring doom to the wicked. For that most solemn event we are to be ready; we are to have our "loins girded about," and our "lights burn-fng," and to be waiting for the return of the "nobleman" from the "far country." * A DISCOURSE with this thought as its theme would have been most timely. It would have been spiritual meat to his congregation, upon whom, in common with so many others in the church as well as out of it, the great day of God is coming unawares; nigh at hand even now, and stealing on like the thief with muffled tread in the gloom of night. It would have set before them the matter of their highest possible concern. * * Bum what did this preacher say? What were they told to be ready for? Oh, it was to be ready to invade Spain with an army of 500,000 men! They were to be ready to fight, so that theyŠor the nationŠcould en-force its demands in the face of the opposition of other powers. WE mention this as a sample of the way in which min-isters who profess to speak the words of Christ are feed-ing with chaff the people who are perishing for want of bread. Words of Scripture have no force when separated from the theme to which they plainly relate. * * THE leading organ of the Methodist Church in this countryŠthe Christian Advocate, of this cityŠin its issue of May 5, lays down the law for the people of the country regarding expressions of opinion upon the war. All who are opposed to the war, it says, must keep their views to themselves, or at the most indulge them only to their families and intimate friends. Anything more than this is denounced as savoring of treason. * * * IT sounds a little strange for a religious journal to come out with a pronouncement upon such a matter, es- pecially before the Government has thought it necessary to say anything on the subject; but it is only a natural result of the growth of the religio-political spirit which has become so marked a feature of the times. When the church goes into politics, she goes in to lead in that as she does in religious things, and in the natural course of events she soon assumes to lead the government itself. The extent of the prohibition which the Advocate assumes to lay upon the people may be seen from the following:Š "Nothing short of silence meets the conditions of patriotism. If one shall say, 'How can I be silent when I believe the war uncalled for, sinful, unjust?' the answer is, 'Let every soul be subject to the higher powers; the powers that be are ordained of God.' The subjects of this Government must obey it." * Im is, then, declared by this leading organ of the Methodist Church in America, that it is the duty of every person, to obey the command of the civil power, in that which he believes to be unjust and SINFUL! A strange position, truly, to be taken by a journal which calls itself Christian ! And this only illustrates what becomes of the Chris-tianity of the church which goes into politics. * * WE have said, and shall continue to say, that we re-gard warŠall war that is fought with carnal weaponsŠas wrong. But mark, we do not say this from a political standpoint. We speak from the standpoint of Christian-ity. We do not say the Government should not go to war. We do not pretend to advise the Government, or any political body, as to what they should do and how they should do it, save only that they should keep-the state separate from the church; and we say that on the authority of God's Word. We say it because it is a Christian principle. LET civil governments, and all non-Christian bodies and individuals attend to political matters as they see fit. War is a political measure, and whether it is justifi-able or not, as such, we do not pretend to say. Let the question be settled by the authorities in whose province such things belong. And let those whose opposition to war is political, be governed by the decision of those in political authority. We have nothing to say on that point. But we do say that war is not Christian. A great deal is being said by ministers and religious journals to the effect that the war with Spain is Christian; that it is a "holy war," etc. We say that it is not Christian, and that no person can engage in it and be a Christian while doing so. Christianity is not carnal warfare; its weapons are not carnal, but spiritual. This is plain Bible doctrine; and when the church denies it, and then says that those who hold it as such must not proclaim it, but must be enjoined therefrom by the civil power, it shows plainly 