AMERICAN SENTINEL. 265 fault in viewing such things, as St. Paul viewed his early career of persecution, as pleasing to God. The phrase 'the Lord said' really implies no more than that the people who used it attributed what they regarded as their wisest and best impulses directly to God." This is harmonizing Scripture not with itselfŠone text with other textsŠbut harmonizing it with the conceptions of the human mind. The establishment of this kind of harmony is not of the slightest consequence to any person in the world. Human conceptions are to be harmonized with Scripture, and not Scripture with human conceptions. If reason had been a sufficient guide for mankind, there would have been no need of revelation. Sunday Skating no Longer a Crime in. Connecticut. TEIE case of a Yale College student named Johnson, who was arrested in February last for skating on Sun-day, was decided in the Superior Court of Connecticut April 19, the decision being that skating on Sunday in Connecticut is not a crime. A New Haven press dis-- patch says:Š "Judge Wheeler, of the Superior Court, to day in-dorsed the views of State's Attorney Williams regard-ing the enforcement of the Blue Laws relating to Sab-bath observance. Mr. Williams nolled the case of Albert Johnson, who was arrested one Sunday last winter while skating on Lake Whitney. "There was no proof that Johnson played any game. State's Attorney Williams said that anything that could fairly be considered to be recreation was permis-sible on Sunday, and that there was no more reason why a man should be prosecuted for skating on Sunday than for riding a bicycle, taking a walk, or driving." 1 Evading the Anti-Cigar Sunday Law. UNDER many if not most of the laws for Sunday observance, the sale of tobacco on Sunday is recog-nized as a "necessity," thereby avoiding what might be for the law a disastrous conflict with the strong sentiment behind the trade in that noxious article; but recently the Supreme Court of Massachusetts decided that the Sunday law of that State prohibits the sale of cigars on Sunday, by all persons holding licenses as victuallers. The effect of this upon the Sunday trade in cigars is described by the following in the New York Herald of April 2:Š " 'Package of cigarettes, please?' 'Can't sell cigars or cigarettes to-day,' said the restaurant man, with a smile. 'I can sell you a box of matches for five cents, though, and make you a present.' "That was the way the Sunday cigar law worked in Boston yesterday. The devotees of nicotine obtained all they wanted-. There were no arrests, and the whole  affair was nothing more or less than an April-fool joke. "The police were supposed to have an eye open for those who sold cigars and tobacco, but they 'used their own discretion.' Boston policemen never think of buying cigars any more than they think of buying peanuts, and, as the captains had not provided expense money, that settled the matter. "The hotels all kept their cigar cases open, on the ground that they could furnish tobacco to their pat-rons, but some of the small restaurants resorted to all kinds of methods in order to get around the law. "In many instances a box of matches was sold and a cigar given as a premium, but more than one res-taurant had on sale a sort of a property pie, which was sold for ten cents, and if all that were sold had been eaten, the hospitals would have been filled. A cigar went with a pie. In the great majority of cases, how-ever, the law was openly disregarded, except when a policeman was in sight." "The Greatest Crisis in Our History." DR. TRODURN, of the Central M. E. Church, of Detroit, addressed the "New England Society," of that city, Tuesday evening, April 17, on "The Meaning of Our Monuments." He said, "The Puritan spirit of to-day is the spirit of freedom and independence and intelligence and in-tegrity and industry." His excellent interpretation of Bunker Hill was that it "declares the inalienable right of human beings to be free!" With true and prophetic utterance he said, "We are approaching the greatest crisis in our history!" What does Dr. Thoburn see which should call forth such a sen timent as this? Ah, "There is a worse calamity," he says, "than war." "We are threatened by the perils of liberty." "If:we should drop out of our providential place, and if we were to fall self-betrayed, what would become of the temple of civil and religious liberty? . . . If we fail, it will be the most disastrous wreck the world has known. If we succeed, it will be the sublimest vic-tory in all the annals of time." It is his hope we shall succeed. But whatever the issue, the crisis of which he speaks is surely coming. Let us view the whole situation from the true view point,ŠGod's WordŠand upon its promises trust for deliver-ance; for to all such ones, deliverance will be given. CLIFFORD G. HOWELL. Brighton, Mich., April 18, 1900. The "Passion Play" Prohibited in Mexico. A GREAT sensation in religious circles in Mexico has been caused by an ecclesiastical order prohibiting the annual "passion play," depicting the scenes of the be-trayal, trial:and crucifixion of Christ, which has been a 