376 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 47. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 1, 1892. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving THE AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered THE SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE article, on another page, " Reli-gious Co-operation," deals with this ques-tion in a refreshingly original style in this age of a wishy-washy sentimentalism that substitutes a sentiment for a princi-ple and then submits to be ruled by it as with a rod of iron. Š0Š Tms may appear at first sight to be paradoxical, but it is nevertheless true. For instance, the sentiment in favor of so-called church union that we hear so much about, is as attenuated as a Homeopathic remedy and as colorless as the ether that fills all space, yet as Mr. Moscrip shows, those who are ruled by itŠ are neither modest nor hesitating. They have no doubts of the righteousness of their cause. There is to them no question as to the sincerity, honesty, or principles of those who do not agree with them. Their verdict against them is given with no un-certain sound. Such as do not favor amalgama-tion are schismatics, sectarians, heretics. ŠoŠ THERE is nothing more inconsistent, and few things more wicked, than this same thin, weakly, sickly, cringing, but withal intolerant and persecuting senti-ment which teaches that it is a 'matter of indifference what a man believes so long as he does not know exactly what it is, and is ready to ostracize any man who does not fully agree with him. ANOTHER point of interest in Mr. Mos-crip's article is this Co-operation of given communities through their single heads in a nation gives a national church. Co operation of national churches through their heads is Roman Catholicism. And the State Church and the Roman Church mean the wildest forms of error enforced by the strong arm of the civil power unless the spirit of liberalism or of atheistic philosophy creates a public opinion which makes such enforcement impossible. This is not a negation of the oneness of the followers of Christ; it is simply a de-nial that human organizations constitute the true Church, and that they can be safely trusted with the power which would be theirs were organic union to be-come an accomplished fact. The early Christian Church had no bond of union but a common faith; and never was there perfect organic union until it was effected by civil power in the time of Constantine. The history of the Dark Ages chronicles the result. Whether or not organic union shall ever again be effected by any means, it is impossible to  predict. To us it seems very improbable; but the mawkish, religious sentimental-ism of the times threatens a union, not only of Protestants, but of Protestants and Catholics, quite as destructive both to vi-tal piety and to liberty of conscience as was the union which culminated in the Roman Papacy..  Š0Š SPACE is given in another column to an article from the Chicago Tribune in refer-ence to the organized effort now being made to secure the repeal of the Sunday closing proviso attached to the World's Fair appro-priation bill. It is already evident that this movement will receive large support. It is very important that it should receive support. But it is of the highest impor-tance that those who throw their influence in its favor should do so intelligently and from proper motives. A compromise usually combines the weakness and the viciousness of both extremes of which it is the mean. It would be so in this case. An unqualified repeal of the Sunday clos-ing act should be demanded. Nothing less can consistently be asked. The pe-tition should also be couched in such lan-guage as to show a full realization that this congressional legislation upon reli-gion is unconstitutional. There should also be no reserve in stating the fact, that whatever evil precedent may be cited to the contrary, this, as well as all other re-ligious questions, is totally without the sphere of civil juijsdicti on. To say that the majority of intelligent men in these United States do not know this, would be an insult to their intelli-gence. If they do not express themselves without reserve when called upon, it will be because of a truckling to time serving policy which it would be a compliment to call moral cowardice. Š0Š THE Mail and Express is alarmed lest Mr. Cleveland should welcome to Wash-ington a Papal nuncio. In its issue of November 17, it said :Š It is indeed a significant coincidence that with the report of the reception given to Mr. Cleveland by the Catholic prelates last night there is pub-lished a special dispatch from Rome saying that "as soon as Mr. Cleveland has been inaugurated the Vatican will open negotiations for the estab-lishment of a special United States Legation, and the reception at Washington of a Papal Nuncio. ". . . The Romanists believe in the union of Church and State, and that the Sovereign Pontiff on the banks of the Tiber should be the head of both throughout the whole world; and those of them who reside in the United States are working as rapidly as possible for that result.. . . The conclave now sitting in the white marble palace in Madison Avenue is expected to arrange for the reappointment of a Jesuit Commissioner of Education as soon as Mr. Cleveland shall come into office again, for an appropriation for the Roman University in Washington, for the selection of another Cardinal, for the representation of the Vatican in Washington, for the control of the schools of the country, and generally for all other things which will hasten the ascendancy of the Roman power in all departments of our Govern-mentŠnational, State, and municipal. What Mr. Cleveland's attitude toward the Roman Catholic Church will be it is not our province to even predict. Roman Catholicism, unlike other religions, has always been a political power; and so pol-iticians have become accustomed .to treat with it as with other political quantities, Both parties have for years catered more or less to Rome. It has probably seemed to them to be one of the necessities of the situation, and "not wise statesmanship" to do otherwise. If Mr. Cleveland should pursue this policy further his offense against correct principles would be greater only in degree than have some of the acts of his immediate predecessor. We trust that the reception of a Papal nuncio at Washington is not one of the events of the near future; however, it would only be in keeping with the policy which has been adopted by the Govern-ment in all its departmentsŠlegislative, judicial, and executive. FRANK RUSSELL, RUSSELL, D. D., Field Secretary of the Evangelical Alliance, has an article in the Christian at Work of November 10, entitled, " The Church and the Com-munity," in which he asks, " What is the Church ? " and answers his own question in these words :Š Presumably in this discussion it is Christianity, the Church and all for which the Church stands as related to the community. View this in the light of the decision of the Supreme Court that this is a Chris-tian Nation, together with the decisions sand " organic utterances " upon which the opinion is based, and who can deny that we already have in this country a union of Church and State in every essential particular? Š0Š THE Supreme Court of Nebraska has decided that Sunday laws are religious, in these words :Š As a Christian people jealous of their liberty and desiring to preserve the same, the State has en-acted certain statutes which, among other things, in effect, recognize the fourth commandment and the Christian religion and the binding force of the teachings of the Saviour. Among these is the statute which prohibits sporting, hunting, etc., on Sunday. The opinion was delivered by Chief Justice Maxwell on the 11th inst. " IT is remarkable," says the Signs of the Times, " how many clergymen declare against a union of Church and State, and at the same time advocate religious legis-lation in the form of Sunday laws, which is a direct invocation of State support of the Church." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - $1.00. In clubs of 25 copies to one address, perzear,. 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c. 250 to 499 " " - - - 70c. 500 to 999 " " - - 65c. 1000 or more " " " " - - - 60c. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 4,1 bona street. New York City. 