524 AMERICAN SENTINEL. LIFE with most people is a struggle to get to the top. But not all people have the same top in view. There are various tops towards which the multitudes are strug-gling, and various kinds of effort are required in the en-deavor to reach them. Some are to be reached by selfish effort,Šeffort which tends rather to the injury than the benefit of the human race. A VAST number, sad to say, aŁre struggling up the sides of the hill of mammon. That is the top they have in view, and they are striving to reach it by climbing up over the heads of their fellows. They are satisfied to pull others down, if by so doing they can pull themselves up. That is the natural method of getting to the top of this eminence. This is the kind of effort that has been put forth by the vast majority, though not all, who have been elevated by mammon above their fellows. HUMAN nature turns naturally toward this elevation as the one that will best reward the effort put forth upon it,Šthe one that will confer the greatest happiness and satisfaction in life. But what is there in reality at the top of it? Imagination sees everything there that is to be desired; but occasionally we get a very somber and prosaic glimpse of the reality. We do not naturally pay as much attention to the truth disclosed by these glimpses as to the pictures outlined by fancy; but we ought to heed them a good deal more. * * OCCASIONALLY "society" gives the rest of the world a glimpse of this kind. The other day some of the aris-tocracy of wealth in this city got together to devise something for their amusement. These people have to be amused, as do others, to keep life from becoming a burden; but they have to seek further for their amuse-ment, since.it has to be something uncommon. The re-sult in this instance was that the common people were startled by reports in the next day's papers of how "high" society has held a dance in which the participants wore wings and halos. Not long after this the same "society" were found seeking their entertainment by copying some of the wild and vulgar amusements char-acteristic of life on the outskirts of civilization. These glimpses of life on the top of the hill of mammon are very instructive, and they tell the exact truth. IT is perfectly plain from these and many other evi-dences that the true top to be sought in life is not that of wealth. Wealth adds many burdens, but gives no one a greater capacity for enjoyment. It confers many new cares upon its possessor, but no new faculties. It brings no new development to the higher faculties. From all it can confer, men turn again to the frivolous amuse-ments which are characteristic of life upon its lov est plane. * JESUS CHRIST said, "He that will be great among you shall be your servant;" and in this is pointed out the path to real preeminence. The true top to be sought is the top of the mount of service. Whoever can most largely serve his fellow beings, approaches nearest to God who is the great ServantŠthe one who gives to all living things every good gift, and sustains them in life to enjoy it. There is no unrest and unsatisfied longing con-stantly seeking to the frivolities of worldliness in the life that is devoted to Christian service. * THE proposed city ordinance against profane swear-ing, which has been the topic of much discussion here for some time past, was voted down at a recent meeting of the board of aldermen. The author of the measure, how-ever, is not discouraged, and says that he will continue the crusade against profanity by similar means. Mean-while the spirit of the crusade seems to have spread to other places, and from as far west as Colorado, we hear of an agitation to suppress this form of immorality by law. THE suppression of public indecency is certainly a proper exercise of the civil power. When, however, "in-decency" means only something which offends the reli-gious sentiment of a class of the people, legal measures are out of place. Unfortunately, religious sentiment is prone to be very easily offended, and to stir up individu-als to deeds which reflect anything but a Christian spirit. ChristianityŠloveŠ"is not easily provoked;" but much that passes for Christianity is always quick to resent a fancied insult, and to take advantage of the law to gain some advantage over opposing religions. The superior-ity of the power of love as a force against evil is seen in that it stirs up no animosity and promotes no religious controversy. And love is a mighty power; it is the greatest power in the world; for love is God, and God is all powerful. Let the church have enough of God, and she will seek no further for power to combat with evil. * * * A COMMISSION composed of an equal number of repre-sentatives of the United States and of Spain is soon to begin a session to determine what disposition shall be made of the Philippines. A German paper says that the 