AMERICAN SENTINEL. 279 seem impossible that such awful results should follow. The temptation, therefore, would be to conclude that Sunday cannot be the mark of the papacy. This might on the surface seem plausible; but it is not sound reasoning. It cannot be denied (1) that there is not a single com-mand in all the Bible for Sunday observanceŠexpressed or implied: (2) that the papacy bases its claim to have the power to command men under sin, upon having the power to change the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day of the week, and that consequently Sunday is the mark of its power: (31 that there is now, at this very time, a strong organized effort to have Sunday enforced by law in the United States, and that it is the only thing sought to be enforced that is called a "mark." The position is therefore impregnable, the logic in-vincible, that it is against Sunday as the mark of the papacy that the prophecy speaks. This proves two things; (1) that notwithstanding Sunday has so long been venerated by Christians, there are principles involved in this question that the people of God have not yet seen or understood; (2) it proves the long-suffering of the Lord in that the true Sabbath has been trodden under foot so longŠinnocently of course on the part of God's peopleŠand a pseudo Sabbath allowed to stand in its way. There are thousands of Christians who do not realize that ages before the papacy substituted Sunday in the place of the 'Sabbath of the Bible, it was kept as a pagan festival. The origin of the day is set forth by its name ŠSunday, the day of the sunŠ"the wild solar holiday of all pagan times." It was the day especially devoted to the worship of the sun, which was "the oldest, the most widespread, and the most enduring Łof all the forms of idolatry known to man." The limits of this article forbid an extended study in detail of what sun-worship really is. Our purpose is sim-ply to give a few general statements concerning sun-wor-ship inŁ order that the reader may see the true character of the day that has for so long usurped the place of the true -Sabbath. That sun-worship was regarded by the Lord as the most abominable form of idolatry can be seen in Ezekiel, chapter 8. The prophet was shown various forms of idolatry, each in Łtheir turn being called a "greater abom-ination" than the preceding one, until he was shown the greatest abomination of them all. Thus we read in verses 15, 16: "Then said he unto me, Hast thou seen this, 0 son of man? turn thee yet again, and thou shalt see greater abominations than these. And he brought me into the inner court of the Lord's house, and, behold, at the door of Łthe temple of the Lord, between the porch and the altar, were about five and twenty men, with their backs toward the temple of the Lord, and their faces toward the east; and they worshiped the sun toward the ,east." Inasmuch, as theyturned their backs upon the temple  of the Lord as they worshiped the sun toward the east, it will be readily seen that sun-worship involves turning their backs upon God. Sun-worship in Egypt, in its various formsŠas Phtah at Memphis; Tum at Heliopolis; AmunRa at Thebes, etc., was the prevailing religion. And it was so in other na-tions under different names. But wherever it was, or under whatever name, it was accompanied with the most lacivious ritesŠrites too revolting to be named. The Pope's Mediation as Explained at the Vatican. "The Rant's Horn," Chicago. THOSE who looked with misgiving upon the spectacle of the Roman pontiff acting as an intermediary between the United States and Spain, have found ample grounds for their fears in the later developments of that contro-versy. The authorized organ of the Vatican publishes the dispatches which related to the inner history of papal machinations at Washington and Madrid. The first is a note, dated April 9, sent by the Spanish minister for for-eign affairs, Senor Gullon, to Monsignor Merry del Val, the papal chamberlain, requesting him to inform the papal secretary of state, Cardinal Rampolla, so that the latter might communicate it to the pope, that the Span-ish government, "in consequence of the ardent, noble and repeated urgings of the pope," had decided to order Captain-General Blanco to "concede immediately a sus-pension of hostilities for the period which his prudence may deem fit, with the view to prepare for and facilitate peace." In reply to the above, the papal secretary of state directed the papal representative at Madrid toŠ "Thank the Spanish government, in the name of the pope, and be good enough to assure it that the pope will not fail to use his influence where the occasion offers in order that the legitimate wishes of the Spanish govern-ment may be realized and the prestige of the noble Cath-olic nation be unimpaired." Our Roman contemporary concludes the publication of its series of documents with a dispatch from Washing-ton dated April 11, the source of which is not indicated, saying:Š "The suspension of hostilities has produced an excel-ent impression. I have no doubt of the maintenance of peace. We shall have bellicose speeches in Congress, but without results. The influence of the pope in obtaining the armistice is fully recognized by the American people, and is hailed with gratitude " A CHRISTIAN( ? ) controversy lasting half an hour lately occurred between some of the forces engaged in the Chris-tian(?) war on the coast of Cuba, the result announced being that the Spanish forces were completely converted by the weighty arguments of their opponents. 