320 A.M1~1E it CAN ii N'IC`INiEiL., Vol.,. 0, No. 46. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 11, 1894. flia7" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the Skyriski, need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. A ROMAN CATHOLIC and an Episcopa-lian have been arrested at Kent Narrows, Queen Anne's Co., Md., for fishing on Sun-day, and fined five dollars and costs each. They have appealed to the circuit court, and the cases will be tried early in No-vember, at Centreville. As there will be no religious prejudice in these cases, it will be interesting to note the outcome of them. It is stated that a desire for fees on the part of the constable led to the arrests. W. B. CAPPS,Łthe most recent victim of religious intolerance in Tennessee, writes us as follows :Š Dresden, Tenn., Oct. 1, 1894. PUBLISHERS AMERICAN SENTINEL: You will please change my paper to Trezevant, Carroll Co., Tenn., I am released to-day. The American Hebrew, of New York, finished paying the costs in my case, $34.87. I will leave for home to day after being held ninety-seven days by the wicked Sunday law. Yours truly, W. B. CAPPS. On receipt of this letter we called upon the American Hebrew and secured some interesting facts regarding the case of Mr. Capps, which will appear in our next issue. WILLIAMSPORT, Pa., has organized a branch of the State Sunday Observance Association. The call under which the meeting for organization was effected, de- clares :Š Our city is in open rebellion against the divine laws. Our people are being corrupted with vile and debasing literatureŠalso in other ways. The blessed Sabbath is being openly and shamefully violated and trampled upon by individuals and corporations. In view of these facts the time has come for our Christian and moral men to call a halt regarding this state of things, and change Williamsport into a model city. We therefore call upon all lovers of the right and of law and order to be present, etc., to devise ways and means to change the present condition of things in our city. Of the proposed work of the association, the Williamsport Gazette and Bulletin says :Š The sale of newspapers on Sunday will be attacked and the venders will be promptly arrested and prose-cuted. The strong arm of the law will be invoked to jerk the trolley wheel from the wire, and the man who wants to ride may, possibly, have to walk. In fact, it is to be a crusade against Sunday traffic of all kinds, and a red hot, lively time is anticipated. It is yet too soon to report results from this organization, but as there are Seventh-day Adventists in Williamsport, and as they have been by the Christian States-man declared to be the worst enemies of "the Sabbath" we may expect them to be among the first victims of the Sunday crusade. THE Russian correspondent of the New York Observer says, in a recent letter to that paper : " One of the most remarkable phenomena connected with the religious life of Russia, is the perpetual sprouting forth of new and strange sects from the parent stem of the Orthodox Greek faith. This is all the more remarkable in a coun-try where dead uniformity is so insisted on, and where deviations from the estab-lished order of things is visited with such condign penalties." It is only a natural revolt against the tyranny of the Greek Church. And what wonder if the sheep in their efforts to escape the wolves in sheep's clothing, become scattered. IN commenting on the case of W. B. Capps, the Seventh-day Adventist, re-cently imprisoned in Dresden, Weakley Co., Tenn., for working on Sunday, the Boston Globe says :Š It ought not to take long for the next legislature of Tennessee to wipe out the stain on the State, by en-acting such laws as shall do away with all musty stat-utes that invite bigotry to enter upon his work. Ten-nessee should secure for Jews, " seventh-day" keepers and men of all shades of religious opinion, the rights which belong to them in a land supposed to be the home of freedom, of conscience, and religious llberty. The only legislation that would accom-plish that which the Globe says should be accomplished, would be an act repealing the Sunday law of the State entirely. Sunday is a religious day, and laws re-quiring its observance are religious laws, and interfere with the rights of every man ; for no man is free to do that which he must do. The Sunday keeper is not free under a Sunday law. THE Jewish Times and Observer has this to say about the persecution of Jews in Russia:Š Hypocritical Russia occasionally announces to the world by some hired agent that the Jews are not told to leave that country. Before the world, Russia clasps the emblem which is held by the world to be the token of love, justice, mercy and charity, and calls herself, and gets herself called, holy. In the recesses of the empire, she manages to perform acts, diabolical in themselves, and rendered all the more so by the ingenuity she exercises .to make them appear what Mr. Gladstone once called " domestic and internal arrangements " merely. To her Jews, her policy is summed up just in this: When she does not tell them to go, she makes it so uncomfortable for them, that they cannot stay. The treatment of Sabbath-keepers in some of our American States is not essen-tially different; laws are made and en-forced that they cannot conscientiously obey, and they are cooly told that if they don't like it they can leave the country. Bigotry and intolerance are about the same everywhere. COMMENCING this week the SENTINEL will publish a number of articles com-posed of quotations from the pen of Alex-ander Campbell against Sunday laws. Let the readers of the SENTINEL make a special effort to get these numbers into  the hands of members of the Christian or Disciple Church. Special attention is called to the posi-tion taken by Mr. Campbell that seventh-day observers cannot obey Sunday laws, and that to attempt to compel them to obey the Sunday institution in which they have no faith is to attempt to compel them to sin, and again that Sabbatarians may be conscientious in laboring on Sunday,Šmay "conscientiously drive their wagon on the Sabbath of the majority." IN concluding a letter to the German Roman Catholic Central Verein, in this city, September 17, Mgr. Satolli said :Š Please also to accept my best wishes for your next congress, and be sure that, although I cannot take part in it personally, my heart will be among you, by imploring from heaven the choicest blessings upon all of you in my name, and in the name of the Holy Father himself. Yours truly in X., FRANCIS ARCHB. SATOLLL Delegate Apostolic. The disciples were instructed to ask of the Father in the name of Jesus, and were assured that they should receive; and Christians from that day to this have asked in that all-prevailing name; but the "Delegate Apostolic" asks in his own name and in "the name of the Holy Father." And it is to such a religion as thisŠa religion that gives to men the honor due to ChristŠthat the pope invites the " rulers and peoples of the universe!" Work for the Sentinel. A MINISTER, in Canada writes thus con-cerning the SENTINEL :Š I have just finished reading the SENTINEL of Sept. 20th, and had a great feast, but it only makes me long for another. The SENTINEL is worth a thousand times its weight in gold, and is growing better all the time. God bless the SENTINEL A statesman of Tennessee writes of a recent issue :Š The whole paper is richly laden with the good things of truth and wisdom. I only say, by way of manifest-ing my indorsement, Go on in the good work as you have been going and surely you will be rewarded with a triumphant and joyous victory of truth over error and of the freedom of conscience over the shameful persecutions that have of late blackened the fair name of my own Tennessee, and other States. Will not all lovers of liberty earnestly endeavor to increase the circulation of the SENTINEL ? Why not call our neigh-bors to this weekly feast " of good things " ? The SENTINEL ought to have a million readers, and this it could have if every appreciative reader of the paper would make an earnest effort to increase its circulation. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Ł Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " Ł 41 100 to 249 " " " I. 66 - - 75c .. 250 to 499 " " " " " - - . 70c ti 500 to 999 " " " .. - - 65c " 1000 or more " " " - Ł - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 