320 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VOL. 6, No. 40. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 15, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay f or it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE second Ecumenical Methodist Council met in Washington, D. C., on the 7th inst., and will continue in session until the 20th. It will be interesting to see what action the Council takes upon the religio-political questions now before the nations of the world. IT seems that the great apostle of the " civil Sabbath," with the religion in it, who has traversed this country from the lakes to the gulf, and from ocean to ocean, telling people how Sunday is vio-lated in some of our great cities, has emi-nent example for the spying methods which he has confessedly followed. Ac-cording to the Westminster Review, of July, 1830, the Bishop of London pursued similar methods sixty-one years ago. THE Christian Christian Nation thinks, or says, at least, that we misrepresent National Reformers and their methods. That our contemporary thinks thus is not strange, since, as Shakespeare puts itŠ Men's faults do seldom to themselves appear. Their own transgressions partially they smother. Oh 1 how are they rapt in with infamies,.  That from their own misdeeds askance their eyes. Or, as the Scriptures of truth more tersely express it, "There is a way which seemeth right unto a man; but the end thereof are the ways of death." Did National Reform-ers themselves see the hideous deformities of their own system, and realize the innate wickedness of their scheme, they would, we are persuaded, no longer be National Reformers. Christ said to his disciples : " The time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service." This is exactly the case of these so-called reformers; their principles kill the spirit of the gospel, and yet in promulgating. them they think that they are honoring Christ. OF an article in the October Arena (which we print on another page of this paper), the Independent says :Š Referring to the conviction of a Seventh-day Adventist in Tennessee for working on Sunday, the Arena said, and now repeats, that "the preju-dice of the majority sustains the infamous law ; " and that "the religious press is so dominated by bigotiy and ancient prejudice that it is blind alike to the Golden Rule, and the inexorable demands of justice." The Arena has no right to make that  statement. The Independent is sufficiently promi-nent among religious papers to be considered before one makes such a general charge. The Independ-ent has followed that case all through the courts, and has again and again, and most emphatically, condemned the Tennessee law. That is the general view of leading religious papers in the North at least, and the Arena has spoken out of an ignorant prejudice, and with no effort to find out the facts. Nevertheless, the Arena was right. The Independent has done all that it claims in regard to this case, but unfortunately it is not the religious press even of the North; it is simply one of a very few religious journals that have had the cour-age and the nobility to denounce the out-rage perpetrated upon Mr. King. The religious journals of the country have for the most part ignored the case entirely; a few, and among them the Independent, have cried out against the injustice; but on the other hand some have even de-fended the law and its enforcement; for instance, of that part of Judge Ham-mond's decision which says : " Malice, religious or otherwise, may dictate a pros-ecution, but . . . this fact never shields the law-breaker," the Michigan Christian Advocate said :Š We respectfully advise our Adventist friends in Michigan, especially those who are unusually noisy on Sunday, to paste the above statement in some conspicuous place where they can see it often. The Christian Advocate, of this city, did very little better in its notice of the case. The Independent and Examiner stand alone, we believe, in this city, and nearly so in the country, among religious papers in denouncing a law which makes possible persecution for conscience' sake. The Arena has stated the matter none too strongly. SUNDAY accidents are frequently cited as evidence of God's care for the day and of his wrath against those who " dese-crate " it. But how about this one ? MARIETTA, Georgia, Sept. 28.ŠYesterday eve-ning Mrs. F. P. Reynolds, her sister, Mrs. Merritt, Miss Mattie Reynolds, and Miss Alma Kohlheim, a cousin, started from church in the family carriage drawn by two spirited horses and driven by a negro coachman. At a point just at the corporation limits the horses became frightened. This was at the top of a hill near the railroad. They soon be-came unmanageable. The driver was dragged over the dashboard. Mrs. Reynolds jumped out, but the others remained in the carriage, Miss Mattie, who was on the front seat, endeavoring to control the running horses. Half way down the hill the carriage struck a stump and was demol-ished, the occupants being thrown out. Miss Reynolds was thrown against the stump and her neck was broken. Mrs. Merritt received injuries upon the head from which she died in a few hoUrs. Miss Kohlheim received probably fatal internal injuries. Had this sad accident happened to a party of thoughtless young people on pleasure bent, it would have been made the text for numerous sermons on Sunday observance. The fact, however, is that accidents are no more frequent upon Sun-day than upon any other day when an equal number of, people are spending their  time in some other than their accustomed way. All holidays are fruitful of casual-ties, and Sunday is no exception. The divine harmony of the universe gives no sign that Sunday is sacred; and it is sig-nificant that Providence and revelation are likewise silent upon the subject. IN a short speech at the formal opening of the Leland Stanford, Jr., Univer-sity, at Palo Alto, California, on the 1st inst., James McM. Shafter, one of the trustees of the new University, said, as reported by the San Francisco Chronicle, thatŠ There was one thing which he hoped to see taught in this institution. He was sorry to see embodied in our national Constitution the sophism that Gov-ernment derives its power from the consent of the governed, and hoped that the error of this assertion would be impressed upon the students. This places Mr. Shafter right in line with the American Sabbath Union and the National Reform Association, the lat-ter of which, especially, has for its object the subversion of the Constitution. The former is, however, not much behind in this evil work; for in a Sunday conven-tion held in Sedalia, Missouri, in 1889, for the purpose of organizing a State auxiliary to the American Sabbath Union, Rev. W. D. Gray, subsequently elected Secretary of the organization, said :Š I do not believe that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and so the object of this movement is an effort to change that feature in our fundamental law. It will be a source of encouragement to men holding such sentiments to know that they at last have a. University in America that is likely to espouse their cause and teach their un-American and despotic theories of government. SOME one has written a letter to Allen Moon, Secretary of the National Relig-ious Liberty Lecture Bureau, 28 College Place, Chicago, from Seward Valley, Schoharie County, New York, desiring to arrange for a lecture at that place, but the individual failed to sign, his name to the communication. If he will kindly furnish his name, Mr. Moon will be glad to correspond with him on the subject and arrange for a lecturer to visit the place if possible. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human ,rights, both civil and religious.  IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Mural and State, either in name or in.  fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond. Street, New lb*, 