52 THE AMERICAN 1NTINEL. or to assume authority in religious discipline, has been delegated to the General Government. . . . Fasting and prayer are religious exercises; the enjoining them, an act of discipline. Every religi-oils society has a right to determine for itself the times for these exercises, and the' objects proper for them, according to their own particular tenets; and this right can never be safer than in their own hands, where the Constitution has deposited it. Number six as it reads, demands too much. It demands the unconditional ab-olition of the judicial oath. But those who believe in the propriety of the judicial oath, and are willing to take it, have as much right to use it as those who do not believe in it have merely to affirm. To demand that those who believe in the judicial oath shall not have the privilege of acting accordingly, and to ask that they shall submit to the demands of those who do not believe in it, is to go to the same extreme in this direction, that those have already gone in the other direction who seek to force their views of the ju-dicial oath upon those who do not believe it. What is referred to here as the judicial oath, is, in fact, the religious oath which is established in many of the StateS, and which is forced upon those who do not believe in the religious forms or sol-emnities, or even the Deity, contemplated in the oath. It is well known that in certain States in the Union no man can be a competent witness in court, who will not take an oath upon the sacredness of the Bible as the word of God, and before the God, 116go word the Bible is. Now there are good frie.ny people in all the States who 19 not beliey' ^ t all in the sacredness of the Bible, / _o not believe in God. Now to compe a man to take such an oath is really estroy his value as a witness. An oa: pie of any value whatever, must be t by something that the person rest'v as much or more than he does or his own word. To require , therefore, to take an oath upon t which he respects less than he does mself or his own word, is to lessen le value of his testimony. When any .tate compels any man who does not be-lieve either in God or the Bible to take an oath by them both, it requires him publicly and sacredly to profess to believe what he does not believe, and compels him really to commit perjury. In other words, when any State or any Court compels such men to take such an oath it compels them to commit perjury in order to be admitted as competent witnesses. It compels them to commit perjury as an evidence that they will not commit perjury. It compels them publicly to profess a lie as evidence that they will tell the truth. Could any-thing be more incongruous, or more sub-versive of civil polity ? This demand, therefore, is eminently just, in behalf of those who do not believe in the religious judicial oath. All that any Court may properly require of any man is such a pledge as is held in greatest  respect and as most binding upon the con-science of the person taking it, whether that pledge be by oath or affirmation, or a simple promise to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.' We are of the opinion that such is the real intent of this demand, but as the demand is worded it calls for more than that, and therefore goes too far. Those who believe in the religious oath have just as much right to use it as those who do not believe in it have not to use it. The seventh demand as it is worded is not strong enough. It demands that all laws directly or indirectly enforcing the observance of Sunday as the Sabbath, shall .be repealed. The demand ought to be that all laws directly or indirectly enforc-ing the observance of Sunday, or any other ,day, in any way or to any extent what-ever, as the Sabbath or, anything else, shall be repealed. By this we would not be understood to deny the right of the State to set apart certain days as legal holidays. This is perfectly legitimate. But for any Government 'to forbid com-mon labor or business upon any day is quite another thing, and is a most unwar-ranted abuse of power. The eighth demand is just and good, with the exception of " the requirements of natural morality." The requirements of natural morality are, and have always been, a most uncertain and a most dangerous standard by which to hope for civil security. Natural morality is only the natural out-- growth of the natural heart, which is en-mity against the highest moral authority and not subject to the highest moral law; therefore, where the majority of a people conform only to the requirements of natu-ral morality, there is no such thing and there can be no such thing, as assured civil security. If, by the phrase, " natu-ral morality " this deniand means civility, and if it would then say what it means, then the demand taken altogether would be a perfectly proper and just one. The demand should read thus: " We demand that all the laws looking to the enforce-ment of Christian morality shall be abro-gated, and that all laws shall be conformed to the requirements of civility; equal rights, and impartial liberty." Then it would demand just what ought to be. The ninth demand is perfectly' sound, entirely just, and well stated, and in it we can see no room for improvement. With the changes which we have sug-gested, the nine demands simply express what ought to be in this Government, and in every other civil Government on earth. With the changes suggested, these de-mands express precisely what THE AMER-ICAN SENTINEL has always advocated, and always expects to advocate. We know that 'some people will lift up their hands and cry, " 0, you stand with the infidels !" to which we quietly reply, Not at all; we stand with the Christians. And when infidels happen to stand -there too, then  they stand with the Christians, and are to be respected in paying such tribute to Christian principles. THE SENTINEL always has advocated these things, and expects always to advocate them, because it is a Christian paper devoted to Christian prin-ciples : and with the changes suggested, these nine demands are in strict accordance with Christian principles. This is our opinion of the " Nine De-mands of Liberalism." A Review of the Address of the Wo- man's Moral and Educational Union to the Chicago Board of Education. IT is by no means a pleasant task to criticise a document, emanating from a body of women, who, one believes, are actuated by the purest of motives. But inasmuch as the principles enunci-ated in the late Address of the Woman's Moral and Educational Union, to the Chicago Board of Education, are, in the mind of the writer, fundamentally wrong, and, in direct opposition to the principles of our free Government, it becomes a duty to point out some of the vital errors con-tained. in, the document. After commending the faithfulness with which the Board of Education had per- formed its duties, in which we heartily join, the Address makes known its request to the Board in the following words :Š We wish to have portions of the Holy Bible read at 'the opening exercises of all departments of the public schools of Chicago. The reason for asking for portions of the Holy Bible to be read, instead of the Bible as a whole, is, as explained to the writer, that since the patrons of the schools, include a large number of Catho-lics and Jews, who differ, materially in regard to what constitutes the Holy Bible, it was decided that the reading of only portions of the Bible be petitioned for, with the expectation that scriptural selec-tions would be made upon which all could agree. A committee, representing the Woman's Moral and Educational Union, called upon Archbishop Feehan, and Rabbi Herseh, with a view to securing their co-operation in the above plan, but were kindly in-formed, by each of these representative men, they could not favor the proposed compromise. Notwithstanding this infor-mation, the Union is still working to  secure its object, which cannot 'be inter-preted otherwise than that they proposed to force the reading of portions of the Bible upon the Catholic and Jewish pa-trons of the public schools, in the face of their expressed protest. An attempt is made to base the present movement on Article 3, of the territorial law for the great Northwest, enacted in 1787, which reads as followa:Š Religion, morality, and knowledge, being neces-sary to good government and the happiness of man- 