474 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Can Christians Rightfully Go To War? BY T. R. WILLIAMSON. I SHOULD think not. And I think so even though it becomes necessary to differ in opinion from the greatest pulpiteers'of the world. What a good thing it is for a humble Christian that he need not take his conceptions of duty from great men, not even from great preachers. Three millions of slaves, embruted by the lash, and hardened by severest labor, understood inspiration at first hand, from God's lips at Sinai, and from Moses' lips for forty years afterward. Fishermen understood Christ; and the "common people heard him gladly." Then of course common people can understand his words now, and all the words of Scripture, as well as can the great preachers, and with a prayer for the Holy Spirit for guid-ance, all may and will see Bible teaching alike, while preachers differ. Their learning has often too much "higher criticism" in it. Bible words just as they stand are not final author-ity to many of the preachers. And what do Bible words say on the war question? Why they say to those who love God, "All ye are breth-ren." "Love as brethren, be pitiful, be courteous." "We ought to lay down our lives for the brethren." All who love God are related one to another, and these brethren of the Lord and of one another are scat-tered over the world, through all countries. They are of all churches and all nationalities, and can they "love as brethren," "be pitiful, be courteous" as brethren, and yet meet in deadly battle and fire into one another's faces? Can a Christian say to a man, Brother, I love you, and at the same time plunge a bayo-net into his brother's heart? Would it be possible to express a heart full of affection for a brother and at the same time blow the brother's brains out just becauSe that brother lived on the other side of some national boundary that separated the two nations to which these men belonged? Could a Christian yearn in care and kindness for a brother of another nation, and fire the other's home, drive away his family, and loot his household goods? Would it be in accordance with these quoted words of the Lord and his apostles, for a ship manned' with Chris-tians to aim, some day during worship hours, a monster gun, at a town where Christians dwelt, and send a shell into a worshiping congregation, perhaps a Bible school of little scholars, and maim and slay a score or two? When Christ was here he bore blows, hard words, shameful spitting on, and even a slave's dreadful death, with never' a return blow, though an army of angels was at his call. He lived as he would have his followers live. Can it be thought that if Christ were here now, he would lead the troops in some terrific charge, or command a fleet in furious battle? And if it be answered that such action  by him is not, by any means credible to our minds, or conceivable, then where do we get any warrant whatever for thinking that his followers may take part in scenes of blood, willingly, and with desire to mangle, and maim, and slaughter? No doubt the Heavenly Father wishes, and the great Elder Brother wishes you and me, Christian brother,_ to live just such lives as they would live if they lived just here in our places. Items of W, C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. ABOUT two o'clock Mrs. Scott came and conducted me to the drawing-room, where, indeed, a genuine sur-prise awaited me. A little platform with castors on the side had been rolled out of its closet into position; two chairs and a small table placed upon it. The two parlors were filled with camp chairs and seated, with a company of decent, intelligent, working women. We took our seats together on the little platform, and Mrs. Scott ex-plained:Š "These are my women; my mother's circle. Many of them have been picked up out of the gutter. The major-ity have been truly converted, and are making Christian homes out of what used to be the most disreputable places that could be called by that name." As we were talking the door opened and a belated guest came in dressed in a well-patched, but exceedingly neat, and in spite of its patches, a becoming dress. "That woman," said Mrs. Scott, "was one of the worst women who ever walked the street, her husband a drunkard, and herself everything that was bad. They had a family of children growing up to follow in their footsteps. She has been converted and is one of our best workers." It is needless to say that my heart was full as I sat before this company of women, who were looking at me with expectation in every face. They had been, told of the relation between them and me in the work by which they had been rescued, and the greeting which I received from their expressive faces struck deep. At the close of the service Mrs. Scott and I held a little reception as they passed by, and I took the hand of each. This was on Thursday; Mrs. Scott said:Š "I will not attempt to surprise you any farther, but will tell you that to-morrow evening, Friday, you are to meet the men of these homes. We have read your "Pledge and Cross" in our gospel meetings. We women were none of us speakers, so we took "Pledge and Cross" with the Bible as the best way of reaching them. They will all come bringing others with them, perhaps some half-drunken man, expecting you to give them something fresh and very practical for their help." I was told that many of these men had already been converted, and that they were always reaching out after 