AMERICAN SENTINEL. 105 AGAIN has a great victory been achieved by Ameri-can arms, on Sunday. On that day of the week, Febru-ary 5, the American forces at Manila fought the forces of the Filipinos and defeated them with terrible slaugh-ter, while sustaining but little loss themselves. And thus another proof is added to those furnished by the first battle of Manila, the destruction of Cervera's fleet, and the capture of Santiago, that Sunday is as proper a day as can be wished for settling a controversy by resort to arms. But little indeed can be found in these events to-indicate that Sunday is a day calling for rest from work and for religious devotion, or is especially the day of the Prince of Peace. * * * UNDER their American masters, the Filipinos have now received their first lesson in self-government, and the impression made upon them will no doubt be last-ing. They will understand that they cannot hope for the privilege of self government till they are able to fight better; for their signal defeat by the forces of civilized America. is accepted everywhere as the most convincing demonstration of the absurdity of their idea of a Philip-pine republic. After all that may be said of the higher ideals of civilization, it is brute force and the ability to use it effectively, that most surely wins recognition and respect from the civilized world. No nation thinks of disputing the right of self-government with a people who are efficient in the use of modern firearms. * * * THE higher ideals of life belong not to civilization, but to the gospel. A Christian "savage" is actuated by higher impulses than the "boss" who controls the poli-tics of an American state. A Christian "savage" is a better example of self-government than a civilized state which is dominated by a political `boss." The slave of human passions can at best be but a poor represen-tative of a free people. The unchristian ambitions of men are a far greater obstacle in the path of true self-government, than is the ignorance of a savage tribe. No people are so ignorant that they cannot understand the foundation principles of self-government. Not the ignorance of the Filipinos regarding the ways of civili-zation, but their disregard of human rights, must be dis-pelled in order to fit them for self-government; and that can be done not by force of arms, but by the spread of those influences which emanate from the divine principle, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." IF America is to teach the Philippine natives repub-lican government, it must teach them first of all, respect for the principle of government by the consent of the governed. But how is America prepared to do this when it has itself violated this very principle before their eyes? The step which was thought to be necessary to establish good government among that people, has only planted an obstacle in the way of its realization. * * THE naval committee of the House of Representa-tives at Washington have recommended the construc-tion of twelve new warships, to meet the pressing de-mands of the imperial government. The cost of these-vessels must of course be paid by the people, who will reap a return not in tangible benefit, but in "glory." The question is how much glory of this sort the Ameri-can people can afford to buy without danger of becom-ing dissatisfied with their bargain. While the most of them have enough to do to provide themselves with the necessaries of life, can they afford to spend vast sums also to provide what may be called the necessaries of death? * * * A SUNDAY-CLOSING movement is in progress in Omaha, the features of which are of more than ordinary interest. A press dispatch from that city to the Chicago Times-Herald says: "This city is confronted by another novel proposition. It constitutes a close combination of Sun-day-school and church workers and saloon men and brewers, all united to strictly enforce the Sunday laws without fear or favor." ADVOCATES of Sunday enforcement have been wont to point to the saloon as the ally of those who opposed the movement; but here, the movement finds no stauncher suppott than that the saloon accords it. The dispatch says further: "The church people have called a mass meeting for Saturday, and the Saloon Men's League has announced its intention of giving the movement its moral support, and incidentally any other kind of sup-port the individual saloon men can give the move-ment." * * THE "moral support" of the saloon! In behalf of what other "Christian" institution or virtuous measure did the saloon ever offer its "moral" support? And in what good cause were ever Pilate and Herod made friends? "The church people are not a unit yet in the Sunday closing movement, but the saloon men are a unit in its support, and are ready to put up the money necessary to prosecute all those who do not observe the law in every particular." The zeal of the saloon in the matter is really greater than that of the church! And this really puts the saloon at the head of the Sunday-closing procession. 