440 AMERICAN SENTINEL. WE are told in the Scriptures of divine truth that "God bath made man upright, but they have sought out many inventions." "Invention" is from a Latin word meaning to come upon, to discover. Men have made many discoveries, and by these things they have been led away from their uprightness. THE only discoveries the Creator intended man to make, are those to be met with in the field of divine truth. But when man fell, he turned away from this field into a realm where he was led on by the imaginations of his own heart. As a result he has ever since been making discoveriesŠso calledŠwhich would better never have been made. There is a saying attributed to "Josh Bil-lings,"Š"It's better not to know so many things, than to know so many things that ain't so." The observa-tion is a very apt one for this time. In the midst of all the "things" that one reads, and hears, and imagines, to day, it requires a superhuman power of discernment to avoid acquiring a large amount of that "wisdom" which is foolishness with God. * * * MAN started out on his career of separation from God and uprightness by making a "discovery" that "wasn't so." He had been commanded, in the Garden of Eden, not to eat of the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil. But after listening to a persuasive speech by the serpent, Eve "saw" that the fruit of the tree was to be desired to make one wise. This is what the devil had told her, and this is what she "saw." That was a dis-covery, and she communicated it to Adam; and the only wisdom they got out of it, along with all their misery and the ruin of the race, was that God meant exactly what he said, which was a thing they ought to have known at the first. * * * TO-DAY the world is full of the "discoveries" that have come down to us from past times, and those that have been and are continually being added to the number in our own day. In very many things men have discovered, as Eve did, that it is "wisdom" to disobey God. They have discovered, among other things, that they can't get along well in life if they are to be strict in observing the divine requirements. They have discovered that they can't well keep God's commandments when the majority of people are doing otherwise. They have discovered  that they can't do right when some man who is their employer doesn't want them to, and hence must have a law passed to coerce the employer and help them to obey the dictates of conscience. * * THEY think that with the help of the law they can stand upright, when the truth is that doing "right" by law is' not obeying conscience at all. Conscience never says anything about any law but the law of God. And conscience never hints that you need any help to do right but the help that comes from God. An individual who obeys the dictates of conscience, steps out in the path of duty simply because it is right. God gives him, and every one, the opportunity to do right from the simple, sublime motive of love for the right; but with the path-way of right all hedged about by the law with its pains and penalties, as some men would have it, it would never be known whether men would be true to the dictates of conscience or not. THE Creator made man upright; and he would have him upright to-day. That means that he does not have to lean on something to stand erect. It means that he is not to crouch down into a servile attitude for fear of losing the favor of his fellowman, or for fear of his dis-pleasure and the temporal loss which the ill will of men may occasion. It means that he is not to wait to see how somebody else thinks before daring to think for himself. It means that he is without fearŠthat the love of truth and of right has cast out all fearŠsave the "fear of the Lord," which is an abhorrence of evil. Upright_ ness is the birthright blessing of inestimable value which the foolish and profane sell for a mess of pottage. It is the blessing which is restored to man by the gospel. It is the blessed condition of the upright One dwelling in the heart by faithŠ"Christ in you, the hope of glory." To be upright, is better than to be president or king. REFERRING` to the political attitude taken up by the Council of Churches, the Australian Christian Worlc? says: "The day has come when the Christian church must be the ruling power in the State." "The Council of Churches is working toward this end, and we wish it success." But Jesus has said, "My kingdom is not of this world." "Be subject to [not rulers of] the powers that be." To see the world ruled in righteousness by the Lord,  Jesus Christ is a consummation devoutly to be desired, but to see it ruled by any set of men who may assume to-themselves the right to govern as his vicegerents and to-interpret his law, is another matter altogether. The former is to be brought about by the coming.  again of the Lord in the clouds of heaven. The latter,, 