42 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. ment, and, in fact, of the whole Sunday-law movement. He says:Š " The law allows the local postmaster, if he chooses (and some of them do choose), to open the mails at the very hour of church, and to make the post-office the competitor of the churches." There is the secret of the whole Sunday-law agitation. The churches cannot bear compe-tition. They must have a monopoly. The Sunday trains must be stopped, because they are competitors of the churches. The Elgin Sunday-law Convention; which Doctor Crafts indorses, said so. The Sunday papers must be abolished, because they are competitors of the churches. The Elgin Sunday-law Con-vention said so. The post-offices must be closed on Sunday, because they are competi-tors of the churches. Doctor Crafts says so. Now by the side of these statements read this :Š " The Sunday train, the Sunday newspaper, and the Sunday mail are a combine against public health." That is to say, the Sunday train is a com-petitor of the churches; therefore it must be quarantinedŠ" to protect the public health." The Sunday newspaper is a competitor of the churches; therefore it must be abolishedŠ" to protect the public health." The post-office open. on Sunday is a competitor of the churches; therefore it must be shutŠ" to pro-tect the public health." The nation must se- cure to' the churches a complete monopoly of Sunday, and all "to protect the public health." -How very considerate of the public health these dear Doctors of Divinity are, to be sure ! No, they are not. The public health is not in all their thoughts. They don't care a conti-nental for the public health more than does anybody else. It is national power to enforce religious observances that they want. That is what they are determined to have. They know that if they should work in the name of that which they really want, they could get no hearing it all before any legislative body in this Nation. Therefore they trump up the hypocritical plea of " protection of the public health," or " protection of the work-ingman from the oppression of monopolies," or anything else under which they can hide their real intentions. This is further shown by the fact that al-though Doctor Crafts repeatedly stated that this Sunday legislation i z to protect the public health, he declared that:Š " A National Sabbath Committee, represent-ing the religious organizations of the Nation, will be necessary to secure clear convictions on the subject among Christians, and also the enact-ment and enforcement of wholesome Sunday laws. . . . This National Sabbath Com-mittee should be appointed by the churches." Now if this legislation is in the interest of the public health, why is it that the National Committee must be appointed by the churches instead of by the public, And why should this National Committee represent the religious organizations instead of the public ? If all this legislation is in the interests of the public health, then why must the National Commit- tee be chosen by the churches from the relig- ious organizations, instead of by the public, from the Boards of Public Health of the different States ? Ah I the truth is that the interests of the public health do not enter into the ques-tion at all. The whole thing is in the interest of the churches, and in behalf of the religious organizations; and the public health is noth-ing but a hypocritical plea swung in to hide the real motive. But they can't hide it all. Next Mr. Crafts tells what they want. In regard to closing the post-offices on Sunday during church hours, to stop this competition with the churches, he says :Š " A law forbidding the opening between ten and twelve would accomplish this, and would Ł be better than nothing; but we want more." Again:Š " A law forbidding any handling of Sunday mail at such hours as would interfere with church attendance on the part of employes would be better than nothing; but we want more than this." Again:Š " Local option in deciding whether a local post-office shall be open at all on Sunday, we should welcome as better than nothing,Ša wholesome incentive to local agitation; but we desire more than this." And again:Š " A law forbidding all carrier delivery of mail on Sunday would be better than nothing; but we want more than this." Well, then, what do they want? "What we ask is a law instructing the Post-niaster-General to make no further contracts which shall include the carriage of mails on the Sabbath, and to provide that hereafter no mail matter shall be collected or distributed on that day." And THEY WANT MORE THAN THIS. This is sufficient for them to begin with, but they will never stop here. Just as soon as these men get what they here ask, and find by that that the religious power can influence the civil in its own behalf, then they will push that power to the utmost extent that their influence can carry it. If they get what they here ask, in the very words of Doctor Crafts, there will be no stopping-place short of the fullest claims of the Papacy. If they get what they here ask, the first thing to be done will be for the national power, by some tribunal, either the legislative or judicial, to declare what day is the Sabbath. To do this will demand they interpretation of Scripture, and the decision of a religious question. Therefore, by this one act, by this single step, the Nation will be plunged at once into a whirl of religious con-troversy, of judicial interpretations of Script-ure and judicial decisions of religious ques-tions; and where shall the thing stop ? This is precisely what the National Reformers are trying to doŠand Doctor Crafts is one of them. They intend, in their own words, that "the whole frame-work of Bible legislation" shall be " thoroughly canvassed by Congress and State, Legislatures, by the Supreme Courts of the United States and of the several States, and by lawyers and citizens; " and then, again in their own words, " the churches and the pulpits [will] have much to do with shaping and forming opinions on all moral questions, and with interpretations of Scripture on moral and civil, as well as on theological and eccle- siastical, points ; " " and the final decisions will be developed there." And that will be the times of the Papacy over again. And the one single step that will plunge the nation into this maelstrom is this Sunday-law action which Congress is now petitioned to take, and in behalf of which the Union Signal has prom-ised that Senator Blair is to frame and present a bill. Ł Ł When this question came before the United States Senate before, the Senate replied: " Let the National Legislature once perform an act which involves the decision of a religious controversy, and it will have passed its legiti-mate bounds. The precedent will then be established, and the foundation laid, for that usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country which has been the desolating scourge to the fairest portions of the Old World." We are anxiously waiting to see what reply the United States Senate now will make upon the same question. We are-anxious to see whether Senator Blair will indeed frame and present a bill, and thus show himself ready to carry the National Legislature beyond its legitimate bounds. And if he does that thing, then we are anxious to see whether the Na-tional Legislature will allow itself to be car-ried beyond its legitimate bounds. We are anxious to see whether the National Legisla-ture will establish the precedent, and lay the foundation, for the usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country. We are intensely anxious to know whether the NatiOnal Legis-lature is ready to inflict this desolating scourge upon this fair land. Besides all this, we are really anxious to know whether or not the Senate Committee on Education and Labor, Senator Blair chairman, is so blind as not to be able to see the fallacy, the sophistry, and the hypocrisy, of the ad-dress of the Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, D. D. If it is so, then we must confess that our estimate of the degree of intelligence that ought to be found in a United States Senator is greatly lowered. A. T. J. National Reform and Christianity. NATIONAL REFORMERS talk Of enforcing their religious belief upon that come among them. But how does that compare with Christianity? If they force a man to prac-tice religious duties against his will, they-so far destroy his liberty; but if they destroy lib‚-erty in an intelligent being, they to that ex-tent destroy his moral responsibility, that is, they destroy his free moral agency. Conse-quently they would destroy the doctrine of grace, which is the infusion of divine aid to help man do that which he is convinced is right. But the doctrine of grace is the very foundation of Christianity, and if they destroy that, every other doctrine goes with it. Thus National Reform is subversive of Christianity. God leaves man perfectly at liberty to serve him or not. Says he, " Choose you this day whom ye will serve," and even when a man chooses not to serve him, but to make his whole life a life of sin and iniquity, God does not take from him the power necessary to do that, But these Reformers would compel ai 