AMERICAN SENTINEL. 403 as can be fairly drawn with this stroke of the Christian Herald's, Think a moment: Pagan Rome became at last pro- fessedly Christian Rome. And when it had been so for fifty or sixty years or even longer, how was it in such matters as this which is raised by the Christian Herald and touched by the Public? Here is the answer in the words of the historian Merivale:Š "If the great Christian doctors had themselves come forth from the schools of the pagans, the loss had not been wholly unrequited; so complacently had even Christian doctors again surrendered themselves to the fascinations of pagan speculations; so fatally, in their behalf, had they extenuated Christian dogma, and ac-' knowledged the fundamental truth and sufficiency of science falsely so called. "The gpspel we find was almost eaten out from the heart of the Christian society. I speak not now of the pride of spiritual pretensions, of the corruption of its secular politics, of its ascetic extravagance, its mystical fallacies, of its hollowness in preaching, or its laxity in practice; of its saint worship, which was a revival of hero worship; its addiction to the sensuous in outward service, which was a revival of idolatry. But I point to the fact less observed by our church historians, of THE ABSOLUTE DEFECT OF ALL DISTINCTIVE CHRISTIANITY IN THE UTTERANCES OF MEN OF THE HIGHEST ESTEEM as Christians, men of reputed wisdom, senti-ment and devotion. "Look, for instance, at the remains we possess of the Christian Boethius, a man whom we know to have been a professed Christian and a churchman, excellent in action, steadfast in suffering; but in whose writings, in which he aspires to set before us the true grounds of spiritual consolation on which he himself rested in the hour of his trial, and on which he would have his fellows rest, THERE IS NO TRACE OF CHRISTIANITY WHATEVER, nothing but pure, unmingled naturalism. "This marked decline of distinctive Christian belief was accompanied with a marked decline of Christian morality. Heathenism reasserted its empire over the carnal affections,of the natural man. The pictures of abounding wickedness in the high places and the low places of the earth, which are presented to us by the witnesses of the worst pagan degradation, are repeated, in colors not less strong, in lines not less hideous, by the observers of the gross and reckless iniquity of the so-called Christian period now before us. It becomes evi_ dent that as the great mass of the careless and indiffer- ent have assumed with the establishment of the Christian church in authority and honor, the outward garb and profession of Christian believers, so with the decline of belief, the corruption of the visible church, the same masses, indifferent and irreligious as of old, have rejected the moral restraints which their profession should have imposed upon them." If the men of high standing at that timeŠthe em-peror, generals, naval captains, politicians, etc.,Šhad been asked these identical questions, they would invari-ably have given precisely similar answers. Thus it was in professed Christian Rome of the fourth and fifth cen-turies, and not in the Pagan Rome of Caesar's time, that  is found the closest comparison and the fittest likeness to the performance of the Christian Herald. And, be it remembered, all that was in the very time 'when the judgments of God, in the floods of barbarians,-  were being poured out to the utter ruin of the whole frame-, work of society there. And history is still repeating itself. Who will read the history in its true meaning? Alas! how many read it in vain! A. T. J. Our Duty to God and to Our Country. BY R. S. OWEN. [THE following address -on this subject was delivered by Elder R. S. Owen, Seventh-day Adventist clergyman, to his congregation at Hatley, Miss., among whom was an officer holding a warrant for Mr. Owen's arrest, for having done secular work on Sunday. Mr. Owen deliv_ ered his discourse with the officer sitting before him, and at its conclusion was taken by him to Amory, where on the 19th inst. he is to stand trial. Mr. Owen's offense consisted in hoeing weeds out of a flower bed in his yard:Š] You are all acquainted with the circumstances of my arrest this morning. I am to be taken from my home at the close of this meeting, and when I shall be with you again I do not know. I am glad of the privi-lege of speaking to you once more, and it occurs to me that an appropriate theme for our study this morning will be the relation we sustain to God and to our civil government. I will read as our text Matt. 22:21: "Ren-der therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things which are God's." In these words of our Saviour we see recognized a clear distinction between the authority of God and that of Caesar, and between the duties we owe to each. Civil government is ordained of God, and in those things which come under their jurisdiction the civil rulers are to be respected and obeyed. This duty is enjoi ed in plain and unmistakable language in the thirteenth chapter of Romans: "Let every soul be subject to the higher powers; for there is no power but of God; the powers that be are ordained of God. Whosoever there-fore resisteth the power resisteth the ordinance of God, and they that resist shall receive to themselves'damna-tion." The apostle goes on to teach that we are to make this a matter of conscience, and that if we do not obey our rulers we may expect to suffer the penalty. But it should be borne in mind that the apostle is here speaking of those things which pertain to the civil rulers. He enumerates many of the duties which grow out of man's relation to his fellowmen, and sums them all up in one saying, "Thou shalt love thyneighbor asthyself." He does not mention one duty that we are to render to 