- IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD." Vol. 10. No. 47. NEW 'YORK, NOVEMBER 28, 1895. Price, 3 cents. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITORS. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. NOT A VICTORY FOR LIBERTY OF CONSCIENCE. LAST week we published on our last page a special dispatch from Chicago, announcing the decision of Judge Gibbons of the Criminal Court of Cook County, declaring unconstitu-tional the special act passed by the Illinois Legislature in 1895, prohibiting barbering on Sunday. We have since received the full text of the decision which is deserving of more than pass-ing notice, because it has been hailed in some quarters as a victory for religious liberty. Judge Gibbons held the act to be void, be-cause it was class legislation; and the funda-mental law of the State of Illinois provides that " the General Assembly shall not pass local or special laws" in any of a long list of enumerated cases; and special legislation is likewise prohibited " in all other cases, where general law can be made applicable."' Judge Gibbons very properly held that the act in question was in flagrant violation of the section alluded to. He said:Š I could never willingly consent to a law which would single out one class of citizens and visit them with penalties and punishment for actions which are innocent in themselves, from which all other classes are exempted. This is good law and good sense, but we are sorry to say that the judge is not consistent throughout. Why should there be any "law" visiting anybody " with penalties and pun-ishment for actions which are innocent in themselves " ? The judge seemed to fear that he would be understood as being opposed to Sunday legis-lation in lobo, and apparently to guard against such an impression, he said:Š I should gladly uphold impartial legislation ordain-ing one day of rest in every seven; and if that day of rest should fall on Sunday, it would meet with 1  Art. 4, Sec. 22, Constitution of Illinois.  hearty approval from the great majority of the Amer-ican people. Then follows his declaration that he could not " consent to a law which would single out one class of citizens and visit them with pen-alties and punishment " " from which all other classes are exempted." He then con-tinues, " Nor should I willingly assent to leg-islation which would place the ban of out-lawry upon persons who believe in innocent and lawful recreation combined with rest on the sabbath day, which shall deprive persons pursuing a particular profession or vocation of their property, unless there was something in the nature of the property aimed at or in the vocation pursued hurtful to society." It is difficult to understand what kind of a Sunday " law" Judge Gibbons would sanc-tion. He declares that neither under the con-stitution of Illinois nor of the United States could an act be maintained requiring the ob-servance of Sunday on religious grounds. He says: " The courts cannot take cognizance of the moral aspect of the case, even though a seventh day of rest seems to be established by divine decree." And again, his honor re-marks:Š It must be apparent to every one that if the law under consideration is to be upheld, the action of the court can be justified upon no other theory than that the law promotes Sunday observance. Based upon such a theory, it finds no warrant in the Constitution, State or Federal. It is not within the province of the legis-lature to enforce an observance of religious duty on the sabbath. Yet, he declares himself in favor of " im-partial legislation ordaining one day of rest in every seven," and says, " If that day of rest should fall on Sunday, it would meet with the hearty approval of the great majority of the American people." This proposition the judge attempts to jus-tify by quoting approvingly the statement from the opinion or the Supreme Court of Virginia that " in all countries and ages among civilized peoples, governments have set apart days of rest recurring at short periods. This has been, and still is, regarded as neces-sary for the temporal welfare of the people as a certain amount of rest is regarded as abso-lutely necessary to men and animals subject to labor." ' It is not strange that Judge Gibbons adopts this view, since it is very common indeed, and In Richmond vs. Moore, Supra. has long been urged by jurists and scientists in justification of so-called sabbath legislation. But notwithstanding the array of authorities quoted in its support it is not sustained by facts. A regular weekly rest has been the exception and not the rule among the nations of earth. And so far as physical strength and length of days are concerned, sabbath-keeping peoples have no advantage over those who know no weekly rest-day. This custom has prevailed only among Jews and Christians. Even at the present time but little more than one-third of the inhabitants of the world have a stated weekly rest. Not-withstanding the fact that those having a set day of rest are more advanced in civil-ization and in sanitary science than are those not having such rest, it does not appear that the average of life is longer with them than with those who have no weekly rest day. At a meeting held in Association Hall, this city, March 11, 1890, the writer heard Bishop Andrews, of the Methodist Episcopal Church, make the statement that " in China [from which he had but recently returned] they have no septennial division of time; no weekly rest-day, merely annual festivals. They work right along all the time with no day of rest as such; yet they live to a very advanced age. This fact has led one of the most careful thinkers who has ever been sent as missionary to China, to raise a serious question, whether the great purpose of the Sabbath is not for worship and communion with the other world." This fact, stated by Bishop Andrews, com-pletely refutes the physical-necessity argument so often made in justification of Sunday leg-islation. The truth is that a large element of the people demand Sunday laws. But the logic of our free institutions and of our written constitutions forbids such legislation; and it must be maintained, if maintained at all, upon other than the real grounds. Sunday " laws " are demanded only because of the religious regard in which Sunday is held by a large number of the people. The physical-necessity plea has been sought out in justifi-cation of that which is unjustifiable upon its own merits. So true is this, that the courts of a large number of States have ig-nored the constitutional prohibitions which Judge Gibbons theoretically recognizes, and have upheld Sunday legislation upon moral 