AMERICAN SENTINEL. 787 ered in the fashionable church of to-day? Is it not a fact that the "progressive" church of this day tries to compete with worldly institutions in providing attrac-tions for world-loving people? And has such a church any right to complain if in the competition it is beaten by the Sunday paper, or by any other of its rivals? Has the church any right to demand Sunday laws to shut off competition? "THE divine will is supreme in civil affairs."ŠRev. R. C. Wylie. Very well; the divine will, as expressed by Jesus Christ, is, "Render unto Cwsar the things that are Coesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." "WE must refuse to buy any paper during the week that publishes a Sunday edition, and we should refuse to trade with people who advertise in Sunday papers."ŠRev. H. H. George. "And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads: and that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name." Rev. 13:16, 17. "THE written Constitution should be in harmony with the unwritten constitution, which holds to the kingship of Jesus Christ."ŠRev. R. C. -Wylie. There is no "unwritten constitution" in the Ameri-can Government. CongressŠthe nationŠcan take no action not warranted by the written Constitution. This is a plain fact of American Constitutional law. IF the national Constitution contained a recogni-tion of the kingship of Jesus Christ, said the Rev. Mr. Wylie, "it would furnish a basis for righteous decisions by the courts," and would also "furnish a basis for ex-cluding immoral men from Congress."Ł  Undoubtedly it would furnish a basis for decisions of the courts, and we would have religious court deci-sions. And that would make this a religious instead of a civil government. And as to excluding immoral men from Congress, this proposed change in the Constitu-tion would exclude all dissenters not only from Con-gress, but from any place in the Government. "We, the people of the Unit( d States," would not include them at all. "WE must hold up a moral standard and let every-thing be conformed to that standard."ŠRev. D. J. McAllister. What moral standard must be held up,Šman's standard? or God's standard? We say God's moral standard is [the only right moral standard, and that  this standard is not to be interpreted by one man for another, or for the people by the legislatures or the courts; but for each individual, by the Word and Spirit of God. "IF the Sunday newspaper were discontinued, 200,-000 newsboys in the United States would be freed from Sunday toil."ŠRev. M. B. Kneeland. The newsboys do not have to sell papers on Sunday unless they want to. If we are not much mistaken, the average newsboy is glad of the opportunity to earn something by selling papers on that day. An Experience. BY A. F. BALLENGER. IT has been some time since the writer communi-cated through the AMERICAN SENTINEL with the readers of this ever faithful watchman. Once as a member of its editorial staff I wrote in defense of a free gospelŠthe religion of Jesus and his apostles unaided and untram-meled by civil law. "Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts," was often writ-ten as a rebuke to those who were seeking municipal might and police power to enforce their convictions of Christian duty on other people. Since that time I have not lost interest in the gospel principles of complete separation of church and state advocated by the SENTINEL, but I have enjoyed the blessed privilege of experiencing some of the power promised for practical work in gospel alines, to him who will invoke the throne of grace for the Holy Spirit rather than the hand of civil law. One argument put forth in favor of Sunday laws, and a common complaint entered by prosecuting wit-nesses against those who have been imprisoned or driven in the chain-gang for doing common farm labor on the first day of the week, after having observed the seventh day according to the commandment, is that such laws are necessary for the protection of Sunday worshipers from disturbance by those who work or play on that day. The following experience had last summer at a camp-meeting in North Dakota will speak for itself in answer to this argument. A small city park, the only available grove in the community, had been secured from the city anthorities, for a site for the camp. Later the authorities, forget-ting the time in which the park was promised to the campers, promised it also to the county superintendent of schools for a county school picnic to be held on the same Saturday promised to the camp meeting. Both the camp-meeting and the picnic advertised their gatherings to be held at the same time on the same bit of shady soil. When the campers arrived the 