A.MVial CAN  VOL. 9. 16. W. . u pon the market its actual value was sufficient to pay the national debt several times. In Chili the saints nominally hold property. St. Dominick has an income of more than a million dollars a year, for which he is not taxed one cent. In Cath-olic Guatemala the property of the church was confiscated in 1843; then there was a reaction led by the priests, but in 1873 all the church property of Guatemala passed into the hands of the government. In Catholic Costa Rica, Venezuela and Uru- guay, the governments took the property away from the church, applied it to gov- ernmental purposes, and in some cases gave it to the people from whom the priests had stolen it. In Canada, during the short time between the settlement by the French and the conquest by the English, the priests had gotten in their hands more than eight mil-lion acres of land. In the Province of Quebec, the exemption of church property from taxation has become a serious ques-tion. A careful writer, in speaking re-cently of the excommunication of certain outspoken French papers in Montreal, said :Š One of the great crimes committed by the excom-municated papers was that they spoke against the pro-vision which exempts religious corporations from taxes. The city of Montreal is invaded by religious orders of every description, possessing immense prop-erties. These orders buy up the most eligible sites and erect costly edifices for the propagation of their views, Often the property they buy brings a hand-some revenue to the city in the shape of taxes. But as soon as this property is handed over to the Ronaish church, it becomes untaxable. The richer the church becomes, the poorer the city grows. The great quantity of untaxed church property in Montreal is driving out the Protestant minority who pay three-fourths of the taxes. The English in that city own the enterprises without which the Province of Quebec, left to the absolute domination of ecclesiasticism, would be as backward as Ecuador. These English en-terprises are taxed remorselessly. There is over $100,000,000 worth of exempted ecclesiastical property in the province. The English have to pay for these exemp-tions by increased taxation. When the treasury is empty, the cry is, " Tax the English corporations." It is a hopeful sign that there is a growing and strong feeling among the liberal Catholics that all these rich religious corporations should pay taxes. Another writer, referring to the same province, says :Š There are municipalities where 50 per cent. of the whole assessed value is exempt, and others where the value of the property exempted actually exceeds that of the property taxed, Besides, we have to contribute to support religious orders, or see our stores and shops boycotted. The provincial treasurer is drawn on to provide for a great many of them. I might say that the church spends or oversees the spending of one-third of the whole provincial revenues, less the sub-sidies from Ottawa. I have quoted thus at length from the Province of Quebec, because the principle there is the same as here, the Roman Cath-olic Church simply lacking the power to enforce its demands in the United States as it does in Quebec. Had church prop-erty been taxed, Quebec would not now be bankrupt, nor would the church have sunk that province into its present deplor-able state. Other denominations also are in danger of amassing wealth. Why should not the great estates of Trinity and. the Collegiate churches of New York City, or Old South Church in Boston, held as investments for income instead of direct church uses, be taxed ? The spirit of our laws is opposed to exemptions, and there needs to be made  out a very strong case to justify an ex-emption from taxation of property owned by corporations like these. Common hon-esty should lead them to bear their share of that taxation which provides a constant increase of value. All buildings rented for income, even though that income be devoted to religion and charity, should be taxed. R. J. Long, Esq., of Boston, says that in that city the churches hold $40,-000,000 of exempted property. The as-sessed value of New York City church property, exclusive of parsonages, parsons and priests, is $51,217,525. Walk up Broadway from Rector Street and up Fifth Avenue, and from these streets alone you can see to what extent the church prop- erty in New York is underestimated. $200,000,000 is less than the actual value of the church property of the metropolis, and when we remember that the assessed value of the real estate of New York City for 1894 is but $1,618,853,135, it can easily be figured out how highly oppressive 'ex-emption becomes to the other taxpayers. It is claimed that churches should be exempted because they improve the morals of the community, and raise the taxable value of the other property. That de-pends altogether on the church. But ad-mit the fact that churches, as a rule, are a public benefit; so are private schools, picture-galleries, and factories, yet such property cannot be exempted without starving the State. Why, then, should churches enjoy this favor on the ground of benefits rendered; and other property, that can assign the same reason for the favor, be excluded therefrom ? If the doctrine of benefits be given as a reason for exemption in behalf of religious cor-porations, it refutes itself by proving more than the State can admit. The New York City Commissioners of Taxes and Assessments, in their annual report for 1893, speaking of the injustice of this spe-cies of legislation, say :Š Corporations and associations avail themselves of these laws and decisions of the courts to escape taxa-tion to such an extent that the public authorities must soon demand relief from the legislature. Tax churches, and modest buildings will be erected where they are most needed, instead of building one great structure in a fashionable quarter. Churches are said to be public property. But the Roman Catholic churches charge an admission fee to the ordinary service. High money, high mass; low money, low mass; no money, no mass. In many Protestant churches the pew-rents are so high and the people so exclusive that the public feel that they are not wanted. I would tax all charitable institutions, hospitals and or-phanages. Their work is not wholly phil-anthropic. They receive revenue. In New York City, orphanages are main-tained at public expense. "The Found-ling Asylum," under the charge of the Sisters of Charity, received during the years 1884 to 1893, inclusive, from the "Taxation and General Fund," $2,641,-998.02. During the same period and from the same fund the " New York Catholic Protectory" received $2,462,500. Many of these so-called orphans have both pa-rents living, and the church is maintain-ing them at the expense of the taxpayers, and making an enormous profit, the ap-propriations being five times in excess of the expense of providing for such "orphans." It is a sad sight to'see a con-gregation, whose combined wealth is mil-lions, pleading exemption for their or-phanage. My mother was left a widow  with three little orphans to care for. Her little country home was taxed. If any orphanage should be exempt from taxa-tion, such a one as that ought to be. The taxation of church property is in the interest of American principles, and in harmony with the experience of nations. Taxing one man for the propagation of another man's religion is glaringly unjust. Moreover it is a relic of the principle of the union of Church and State inherited from the Old World, and not yet elim-inated from our political system. Ł The Breckinridge-Morse District Sun- day Bill. [The following is a portion of a brief presented be-fore the House Committee on the District of Columbia, by W. H. McKee, attorney for the Religious Liberty Association, on the occasion of the hearing on the Breckinridge Sunday bill for the District of Columbia, Jan. 6, 1891. It is just as applicable to the Morse Sunday bill for the District, now before the Commis-sioners for the District and the House Committee.] THE legislation asked is unconstitutional and contrary to the spirit of American in-stitutions. Waiving the question of unconstitution-ality, Sunday laws already exist, in force and enforceable, in the District of Colum- bia, and the measure is one of cumulative legislation. Article First of the Amendments to the Constitution declares that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion." House Bill 3854 embodies a measure which Congress is asked to adopt, as a law governing the District of Columbia, over which Congress has sole jurisdiction. Therefore, if this measure has in view the establishment of the observance of a reli-gious dogma, or the enforcement of reli-gious reverence for a particular day, be-cause of the supposed divine origin of the observance required, or because a larger or smaller proportion of citizens observe the day religiously, it is a religious meas-ure, outside the pale of civil legislation, and Congress is incompetent to entertain it. Three points of internal evidence prove the bill to be religious in its inception, and in its intent 1. The word " secular," in the phrase " to perform any secular labor or busi- ness," betrays the reverential spirit in which the bill is framed. The incongruity of the word, in such a connection, in a purely civil statute, will be perfectly patent if applied to a supposed measure, To prevent persons from being forced to labor on the 4th of July," or, " To prevent persons from being forced to labor on the 22nd of February." The various antonymsŠregular, religious, monastic, spiritual, clericalŠof the word " secular," show the character which this term gives to the bill, and unavoidably. No stronger circumstantial evidence dould possibly be required than the unconscious testimony of this expression. 2. The words " except works of necessity or mercy " are subject, in a lesser degree, to the same construction. The character of phrases, as well as of human beings, may be determined by the company they keep, and this phrase is one which carries the mind immediately to the consideration of religious and biblical exceptions made to the strict application of the divine law for the Sabbath. That is the source of the expression, and its course may be fol-lowed through all the religious laws for "Sabbath observance," and the judicial 