'‚‚ Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political,ŠThomas :7e.ferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, FEBRUARY 27, 1889. NUMBEIZ, 6. JP1-/e Arrritioar2 Be0ii2e1. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH RL CASTRO STS., OAKLAND,- CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS : J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. JONES THE April number of the Chicago Law Times, a quarterly journal, will contain an editorial on the Blair Amendment to the Federal Constitu-tion, under the title of "Conspiracy Against the Republic." The editor of the Law Times has the thing correctly. The "American Sabbath Union" is a grand conspiracy against religious liberty. THE Jesuits rule. In the new Catholic University of Montreal, the Jesuits have two col-leges which they wish to have remain independent of university control. The bishops were determined that these colleges should be dependent on the university. Appeal was made to the Pope, and his decision is that the Jesuits' colleges are to retain their independence, but to give no higher degree than Bachelor of Philosophy. In all such contests the society founded by Ignatius Loyola always wins. Few indeed know the influence it is exerting in the politics of nations as well as in the Roman Church. OUR neighbor, the Herald of Truth, speaking of Sunday legislation, says: "We do not look on the restoration of the seventh day as .the necessity of the hour, as the Outlook and the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL with great stress plead." Read a little more carefully, Brother Abbott. We cannot speak for the Outlook, but we can say that the SENTINEL has never pleaded for the restoration of any day. On the contrary, it has from the first been op-posed to any attempt to establish any religious custom by law, no matter whether that custom is correct or not. We do this because it is not the province of one man nor any body of men to de-cide for any other man what is correct in religion. The worst enemies that the Bible and the Chris-tian religion have ever had are those persons who have attempted to force them upon unbelievers. More infidels have been made by those who pro-fessed to be Christians than by any other means. SomE of the alleged temperance papers say that the AMERICAN SENTINEL is run in the in-terest of the saloon. Well, if that is so, there must be something terribly wrong with the min-isters Of the country, for we are constantly re-ceiving letters from preachers, heartily indorsing our wdrk, and bidding us God speed. But if any- body ever saw anything in the SENTINEL that could by any means be construed as favoring sa-loons, we would pay him well if he would point it out. The trouble is, that the SENTINEL has ex-posed the pretensions of some who are making the temperance cause a cloak for their own politi-cal ambition. The SENTINEL is run solely in the interest of a government " of the people, by the people, and for the people," and of pure Chris-tianity, unadulterated with worldly scheming. Ł  WE commend to all temperance workers, as well as to those who imagine they are such, but are not, t he following words concerning temperance, from a recent letter by Dr. T. L. Cuyler:Š " After forty years of gratuitous and earnest la-bor in this blessed cause, I am solemnly convinced that if it was left to the tender mercies of partisan politicians, it would be assassinated! God never ordained that conflicts with gigantic sins should be waged with carnal weapons alone, or under the command of Cesar! I am also convinced that if all the time, money, and effort, that have been ex-pended on political movements, had been expended in direct moral efforts to check the drinking usa-ges, and educate the conscience and conduct, and teach to the young lessons of abstinence, and make public sentiment against the diabolical and deadly drink-traffic, then our reform would be a hundred-fold stronger to-day." Now let some National Reformer rise up and accuse Dr. Cuyler of carrying on his work in the interest of the saloons. FROM an otherwise good article in an Eastern paper, in opposition to the so-called National Reform work, we find the following about the Blair Sunday-Rest bill:Š "This bill makes no exception in favor of the Sabbatarian who religiously and conscientiously observes the seventh day of the week instead of the first day, but provides a penalty that is to be applied if a seventh-day keeper should do any la-bor on the first day. We think the keeping of a Sabbath is a part of the worship of God, and civil law should go no farther than to grant protection to every soul who labors on any day of the week, provided he does observe one day in a religious manner." We protest. If the keeping of a Sabbath is a part of the worship of God, as it certainly is, then the civil law has no more to do with it than it has to do with the movements of the planets. It is no business of civil govern-ment, whether a man observes one day, or two days, or no day at all, in a religious man-ner. Our objection to the Blair bill is not that it makes no exemptions in favor of seventh-day, observers, and we hope that none of them will base their objection on that ground, for if they do they will simply nullify all that they may say against it. He who asks for an exemption clause in a Sunday law, thereby acknowledges the right  of the Government to make such laws. He vir-tually says, "You may oppress the unbeliever all you please, provided you won't disturb me." The AMERICAN SENTINEL believes that the unbeliever has as much claim on Government protection in his unbelief as the believer has for the same pro-tection in his belief. To say that a Sunday law would lead to persecution for conscience sake only if it made no exemption in favor of seventh-day people, would be equivalent to saying that the man who observes no Sabbath has no con-science and no rights, which is untrue. Subjection to the Powers That Be. Ł "Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God ; the powers that be are ordained of God. Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordi-nance of God ; and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation." Rom. 13 :1, 2. THIS text of Scripture has been the cause of a great deal of controversy concerning the scope of civil governments, and the relations which Chris-tians should sustain to them. There are a great many people who take the extreme view that whatever civil governments enact should be scru-pulously obeyed, no matter how much it may conflict with the will of God, as revealed in the Bible. They seem to imagine that God has delegated all power to men, and that he waives to 'the claims of men his right to govern in matters of morals. They virtually say that the inspired command to be subject to the higher powers, absolves people from direct allegiance to their Creator. The very statement of the case should be enough to show anybody the absurdity of such a view. The thirteenth chapter of Romans affords in itself ample proof that the powers that be are or-dained of God only in matters that pertain to the outward peace of society. But we wish to bring a few other Scriptures to bear, to show just how we are to be subject to earthly powers, and at the same time be subject to the highest power of all. The seventh verse of the same chapter says: "Render therefore to all their due: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honor to whom honor." Ren-der "honor to whom honor " is due, is a part of this command. Now it is beyond question that honor is due to God, for the Lord himself says that he will honor only those who honor him. 1 Sam. 2 : 30. And that this tribute and honor which are due to God are entirely different from those which are due to earthly governments, is evident from the words of Christ to the Pharisees, which are exactly parallel with those of Paul to the Romans: "Render therefore unto Cesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God'o." Matt. 22 : 21. Thus we see that while we are to be subject to the earthly EDITORS. 