AMERICAN SENTINEL. 747 Now as Jesus taught that souls might be saved, there was salvation in all that he taught for all those who would believe it. Yet how few, comparatively, ac-cepted his teachings. But notwithstanding there was salvation in every word he uttered, Christ did not even so much, as it were, turn his hand over to compel people 'to accept them. He made no appeal to any earthly power. And the reason for all this is plain enough. The Word of God needs no human props. It itself is "living and powerful." Heb. 4:12, R. V. It can best do its work when untrammeled by the devices of men. But the truth is, the Word of God cannot be bound (2 Tim. 2:9); and whenever any attempt is made to enforce any doc-trine professedly based upon the Word of God, such attempt is in itself good evidence that it is not the truth, and is therefore to be rejected. No one can sit in judgment upon another on account of his religious belief without claiming to be infallible. He must be able to judge to a hair's breadth the truth or falsity of a doctrine. Christ could have done this, and been infallibly correct; for, as stated above, he is the Truth. John 14:6. But as before stated, he could not have done this, and been the Saviour of mankind. The most therefore that the followers of Christ can be while inithis world is to be laborers for the salvation of men. This is possible (Acts 13:46,47), while the other is not. This, the founders of our Government recognized, and they determined that, so far as lay in their power to do, the principle should prevail in this country which Jesus taughtŠ" If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." Hence, religious liberty in the fullest sense was provided for in the Constitution. This was Christlike; this was lamblike. And we repeat again, that no other nation ever did it, and therefore no other nation but the United States can be the one symbolized by the beast with the two horns like a lamb, of: Rev. 13:11. Ł -4 Opposing Principles in the Office :of Army 4thaplain. THE action of members of the Seventy-first New York Regiment taken in their armory recently, expressive of their opinion of the regimental chaplain, as mentioned in the SENTINEL of last week, has occasioned much disŁ cussion. The affair seems to be generally regarded as one of sufficient importance to call for investigation, to ascertain whether or not it was based on justifying grounds. Among many utterances that have been pub-lished on the subject, the following editorial from the New York Sun is worthy of note, because it points out the real root of the difficulty as arising from the nature of the office itselfŠfrom the difficulty of trying to har monize the duties of two positions so opposite in nature as are those of military official and Christian servant. The Sun says:Š "It must be remembered, however, that the place of  the chaplain in the military system is peculiarly difficult. In the community of the parish all must be equal in the eye of the pastor, except in moral and spiritual excel-lence. In the military system the line of division between the enlisted man and the commissioned officer is broad and impassable. The chaplain is a commissioned officer; he ranks with a captain, and the army regulations pre-scribe that 'an appropriate set of quarters, equal to those of a captain, be set apart permanently for the chaplain' at a military post, and 'he shall not be dis-placed, except by a reduction when the quarters are in-sufficient for the garrison, and he will not then be en-tirely displaced nor allowed to choose others.' Chaplains are 'not required to turn out with troops on occasions of ceremony, but will be inspected at post chapels, schoolrooms, or libraries, as may be designated by post commanders.' "The chaplain, consequently, being a commissioned officer, messes with the officers, and is separated from the enlisted men by the broad gulf of distinction to which we have referred. He lives in a different atmosphere, and militia troops like those of the Seventy-first may resent the separation, made compulsory by the regulations, and attribute to the chaplain motives and indulgences be-cause of it, with which he is not chargeable justly. He goes to them both as a commissioned officer and a spir-itual guide, counsellor, and consoler. The functions are distinct radically. He must preserve the dignity and prerogatives of his military rank, yet he must minister to them as a servant of the Lord, as the servant of serv-ants. "The chaplain's duties too, are largely undefinable except by his own sense of obligation, and they impose on him in their exercise a delicacy of conduct which may render him peculiarly liable to misunderstanding and un-just criticism. He cannot throw down the barriers set up by his commission, yet as a minister of the Lord he must bear to themen an affectionateand confidential relation. It is a very trying place. Abstract Christianity and con-crete war run counter to each other; and this opposition,  goes far to explain the accusations against Chaplain Vandewater as they are made by our c u.respoti dents. They seem to have expected impossibilities of him and to have misconceived conduct made compulsory on him be-cause of his position as a commissioned officer." The simple truth is, as this statement of the facts makes clear, that the chaplain can be a success from a spiritual standpoint only by making himself a failure as a government official. No man can carry out principles which "run counter to each other" at one and the same time. And as he is bound to carry out the principles of Christianity, it is plain enough that he should refuse to be bound by the opposing principles of "concrete war," made "compulsory on him because of his position as a commissioned officer;" and that any effort to make such conduct compulsory on himis both unjust and foolish. It is plain, in short, that the office of army chaplain is a logical absurdity and a practical failure, and ought to be abolished. This is the lesson which ought to be learned from such events by the American people. "No man can serve two masters." 