AMERICAN SENTINEL. 247 Jottings from Mar. BY JOHN MCCARTHY. IN the province of Cordova, in this Republic (Argen-tina), there is a large clerical party, who are leaving no stone unturned to introduce quite a novel idea in the way of ecclesiastical worship. A short time ago the metropolitan of the Greek Church sanctioned a scheme, which will facilitate in a wonderful manner, the recur-rence to divine worship, as practised in the Greek Church. The scheme is as follow: each trainŠfrom now onŠwill carry a chapel car, in which an altar will be erected, and the ceremonies of the Oriental Church gone through, in exactly the same routine as though trans-acted in a Greek Church. Those having charge of these services will be a friar, a priest, and a sacristan. Thus travelers are expected to avail themselves of these op-portunities to "keep themselves religious" during the journey. This idea has found great favor among the fanati-cal Catholics of Cordova, who are agitating the ques-tion quite vigorously, asking the provincial govern-ment to decree in favor of this "holy scheme," since the inhabitants of the city are more incredulous than ever before, and it is requisite to make an effort to bring them face to face with teachings of the mother church. A large subsidy is demanded by the ecclesiastical party to carry into execution this plan. SOME time ago the editor of the Tribuna Libre, in the city of Cordova, was taken prisoner by order of the bishop of Cordova. His crime was that week by week he wrote articles in his paper attacking the errors of the Catholic Church. The bishop, instead of contro-verting the heresy (as he termed it) of the journal in question, being all powerful in that ultramontane city, had the editor conveyed to the jail, where he is now, not being allowed communication with the outer world. The colonel of the regiment stationed in Cordova, influ-enced by the Catholic bishop, threatened with punish-ment any military officer who should introduce the Tribuna Libre into the barracks. Not content with this the bishop has sent out a pastoral letter, which he ordered to be read in all the churches, in which he warns every Catholic against buying, or advertising in, or helping to print, or even touching, this awful, heretical paper. He concludes by saying: "Such as will not give heed to our counsels and warnings, we excommunicate and curse." These are the weapons which Rome is accustomed to use. She is well skilled in their use, since she has had 1,600 years of practise with them. She does not want to "waste" time in persuading a man by argument; no! she uses other arguments than those of reason,Šthe civil sword, coercion, excommunications, papal bulls, etc., etc. Rome has not changed, but she clothes herself  with different raiment than that she wears in Spain, Ecuador, Bolivia, Peru, and other fanatical lands when she appears before the British and American public; to them she poses as the defender of religious liberty, and the maintainer of equal rights. Let us not be deceived by her guile. SINCE President Roca has come to power, the gov-ernment has made concession after concession to the Catholic Church. The last move on the politico-reli-gious chess-board is, the sanctioning by the govern-ment of the renewal of diplomatic relations with the papal seeŠthe which were interrupted many years ago. All arrangements have now been made; and soon the papal delegate, or internuncio, will have arrived upon the scene of his future intrigues. Buenos Ayres, Argentina. .44  The Other Side of War. London "Daily News." THERE are infinitely touching scenes to be witnessed daily in Pall Mall, scenes which may well make one ask whether war as a cure is not worse than the ill it pro-fesses to alleviate. There are two bureaus for giving information concerning the dead and wounded. That for the officers is at the western end of the War Office in Pall Mall; that for the non-commissioned officers and privates is at Winchester House, St. James's Square. These two bureaus are beset all daylong with inquirers, whose pained anxiety andlkeen emotion, only too ap-parent for the brave endeavors at concealment, are distressing to witness. Type written foolscap sheets pinned to a frame on the wall give the grisly details of the dead and wounded. There is the list of the dead and then the list of the woundedŠthat is all. The throng, sometimes four or five deep, presses continually in front of these lists. The War Office might do better than this, one would think, and give more facilities to anxious folk for scan-ning the returns of the killed and wounded. As things go, it happens at times that troubled, anxious people, fearing the loss of some dear one, have to wait for a longer period than their patience can bear before catching a sight of the returns. The type written letters might, without difficulty, be duplicated or quadrupli-cated, so as to relieve the pressure. A tall, elegantly-dressed woman sweeps out into the corridor from the clerk's room. Her lips are twitching, her eyes dilated, her face as white as a sheet. She has just heard that her son, who was wounded in the Glencoe fight, is in a serious condition. "No amendment, mad-am," is the clerk's stereotyped reply to her inquiries. She goes her way through the lobby out into Pall Mall, a pathetic figure of sorrowing, motherhood. And here a sweet-faced girl comes timidly up the steps and takes her stand just where the crowd thins 