APErr, 6, 1894. ninety-four, and of the independence of the United States the one hundred and eighteenth. LUZON B. MORRIS. By his excellency's command: JOHN J. PHELAN, Secretary. Upon this the sender comments thus briefly but pertinently :Š The foregoing Łaffords a large amount of food for reflection. The masses do not know how to pray and they do not know the truth when they see it. So our dear governor tells us how to pray and it is natural to suppose that the time is near for the executive to de-fine the truth. " But none of the wicked shall under-stand, but the wise shall understand." Dan. 12: 10, Certainly if it is the province of the ex-ecutive to direct the religious services of the people thus far he might go one step farther and instruct them in the " truth." And the legislature of Connecticut might provide a penalty for disregard of his excellency's instructions as to the exact time and form of prayer. Ł Thinks He Has Solved the National Reform Problem. THE following letter is deserving of careful consideration because of its evi-dent candor. We shall point out its defects in an after comment:Š North Adams, Mass., Feb. 18, 1894. To THE EDITOR OF TIM AMERICAN SENTINELŠDear Sir: A few copies of the AMERICAN SENTINEL were sent to me by a friend, and I tender my hearty thanks for this favor. As it is naturally becoming to be interested in the welfare of one's own family, I take this opportunity to present the truth collected in my capacity, hoping it will serve this aim. Surely it will do so when we consider that gold is a precious metal, whether it is in the hands of kings or in the hand of the least titled soldier. Now, then, having taken time to consider your thoughts, I find that my knowledge coincides entirely with your statement, and I fully realize that "to cherish the Roman Catholic ecclesiastical body is to cherish a venomous viper." I hope people will understand that we do, not hate the Roman Catholic people, but we condemn the cooperation of their priests, which results in the poverty of the people under them, both mentally and financiallyŠI mean in giving them poor education and in taking away their money. This is not done in other sects. My knowl-edge that the Roman Catholic ecclesiastical body is an evil and a wise serpent in managing to get power over people, teaching them to be obedient to their will, in order to keep them down is a manifest fact to the observer, as also to me in my experience (experience is God's visible truth on earth) at my home, in Syria (Asia), that the people were by them so degenerate that, in the towns, there were none that knew how to write or read except the priests. Ignorance and its vices that prevailed there I am ashamed to mention. Not until the free spirited missionaries of England and of this Republic went and changed the darkness into light did the people exhibit even the common virtues of Christianity in their daily lives. So much about the history of the papacy in my own experience. It still remains for me to give the truth concerning your remarks in relation to the Protestants of the present day. May I say there is no doubt the excited and enthusiastic actions of the, National Reform brethren (though sincere in themselves) have been unwise, and the proof is evident. Yet pardon is one of God's attributes. Allow me therefore to present, on their behalf, an argument which points out an easy way to their pardon and peace, and the preven-tion of remonstrance and reproof on your part, and may it, by God's help, bring union and fellowship with our brethren, and may all differences be settled wisely. Maxim: "The blows of a brother are better than the kisses of an enemy." My argument is, while it is a virtue to resist temptation it is also a virtue and wise to be far removed from them. In a commu-nity of a Christian majorityŠas the heads of a family are concerned in removing the temptations from before their children, so are they concerned and ought to have the privilege to govern their community to their best ability by removing iniquitous persons, prohibiting liquors and keeping the Lord's day with-out disturbance. The Caine is true of a majority of any other religious community, that they may rule their children according to the dictates of their own conscience. This may be granted without affecting the general republic or the government of the world. In so doing it would show the difference in temporal and spiritual development between a Christian ruled community and any other community ; so that when reformation is needed in any place missionaries may .be sent to them as they are sent to foreign lands; thus  no individual is obliged to be ruled by a community so long as he can remove himself, unless he wants to stay thereat. This would make religion deal tempo-rally and spiritually with her children. To Christians (you may know and rightly so) freedom of conscience in religion is all happiness, and to deprive them from acting and ruling their community is to deprive them of both temporal and spiritual blessings. Is it right, then, to say to a Christian, you must not have your religious principles rule in the community or in this world ? when he could do so with blessings both to himself and his offspring ? I hope not. Christianity, or God, to me is the backbone of all good government, and the giver of all good gifts, and I must show this in all my actions, bodily and spirit-ually. This is all my belief. Now, then, I am your Protestant brother for a free republic, with the priv-ilege of granting a majority of Protestants or others to have their own rule, not infringing upon the laws of the general republic or the government of the world. In regard to the sanctity of Sabbath as a day, I may state that while I know of no declared change of the day, in the New Testament, into the first day of the week, yet I do know of a spiritual change of the Jew-ish Sabbath. The Jews called our Saviour a Sabbath-breaker, but he taught them that the Sabbath to him is not a law of Moses, a day of complete rest, but a day of doing good. In the same way he submitted to Jewish dispensation or God's dispensation to the Jews to fulfill the prophecies, but afterwards taught a more complete dispensation, that while circumcision was not declared null, it was declared to be essentially an inward circumcision of the heart. And that while the Sabbath day was not changed in its period into the first day, it was changed spiritually into the assurance of salvation. The resurrection from the dead, the triumphant victoryŠwhat other victory has been more spiritually contemplated ? Faith is now completed ! Especially when we know that it is a change of time but spiritually modified. Shall then any man dispute and say a " Romish Challenge ?" I refer them to the fourteenth chapter of Romans commencing with the fifth verse : " One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind. He that regardeth the day he regardeth it unto the Lord, and he that regardeth not the day, to the Lord he doth not regard it." Both are blessed according to one's conviction. Closing with do not forget to teach the young the truth as in the Bible, and that is shown by Protestants in general (in spite of the existing petty differences of sincere opinions), emphasizing the steady and deep piety and morality therein! And do not forget to throw the light on the snaring groundsŠRomanism. Your brother in Christ, GABRIEL ABBOTT. We take it that the gentleman who writes this letter is a missionary, and that most of his life has been spent in a foreign land, where his religion was tolerated, though regarded as an evil. He seems to be entirely honest in his convictions, but is evidently unacquainted with the ques-tion. His proposition, carried to its log-ical conclusion, is as far-reaching, and would prove as disastrous to liberty of conscience as would the policy of Ignatius Loyola himself. Our correspondent's own rule would have justified the majority in that land had they excluded both himself and his religion from Syria. If the prin-ciple is good for anything it must be as good in Asia as in America. But " Chris-tianity" has been forced upon many for-eign lands at the cannon's mouth while its missionaries have insisted upon the right of the majority in so-called Christian lands to rule even in matters of faith and to protect themselves and their children against the influence of false doctrine from whatever source. Christian missionaries going into Syria, or any other non-Christian country neces-sarily assail the most cherished beliefs of the majority of the people, and teach doc-trines utterly abhorrent to the great mass of the people. They embrace every opportunity to inculcate their doctrines, teaching the people publicly and privately, in mission and from house to house. They proselyte young and old, gathering the children into schools and there in-structing them in a religion diametrically opposed to the faith of their parents. And they deny the right of the parents  to put a stop to this work by expelling them from the country. Were the au-thorities to drive them out or even to per-mit the people to do so, the missionaries would appeal to their home governments for " protection," and the result would be, at least has often been, that the people would be compelled to let the work go on. Now we have no fault to find with the missionaries for insisting on their right to teach the gospel without molestation either from the government or from individuals. We wish simply to point out the incon-sistency of their position for they very frequently assert rights in other lands that they would deny to others in their own land. The so-called Protestant principle ex-pressed by our correspondent amounts to no more than the popish principle, namely, " When we are in the minority you must tolerate us, because we are right; but when we are in that majority we will per-secute you because the truth cannot tol-erate error." This is the real position of National Reform the world over, for it is dominated by the same spirit everywhere, namely, the spirit of the enemy of all real liberty. The Saviour recognized this fact when he said to the persecuting Jews, " Ye are of your father, the devil; and the works of your father ye will do." Our correspondent has probably never heard the infamous utterance of that eminent National Reformer, Rev. E. B. Graham, yet he says substantially the same thing. Mr. Graham said, in a NaŁ -tional Reform Convention at York, Neb., in May, 1885: " If the opponents of the Bible do not like our Government and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land ; and in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil, subdue it, and set up a government of their own on infidel and atheistic ideas, and then, if they can stand it, stay there till they die." If anybody does like not the tyranny of so-called Christian govern-ment he can become an exile from home and friends; he can do as did Roger Will-iams, seek an asylum in the wilderness. This is the religion of National Reform, whether in Syria or in America; but the religion of our Lord Jesus Christ is, " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." The one is a divine conception, the other is from the enemy of God and of man. C. P. B. The Time Is at Hand. THE Washington Post, of March 26, contains this report of a late address by a somewhat noted spiritualistic speaker and teacher :Š " He is not here, but risen," began Mrs. Qom L. V. Richmond, at Metzerott Hall yesterday morning, in her lecture on " The Resurrection Morn is the Light of Spiritualism." Continuing, Mrs. Richmond in part said: " Whatever frees man from the fear of death and that which comes after death, is the resurrection. I quote from the words of an eminent Unitarian who said four years ago in his Easter sermon, ' Spiritualism is the only religion or philosophy in the world to-day that makes a celebration of Easter possible; that which reveals immortality without a creed or dogma is Spir-itualism.' "One earnest minister in the assemblage of the Episcopal congregation said about fifteen years ago : ' The time is corning when the Church will need the evidence that Spiritualism offers to prove the founda-tions of immortality.' That time is here. When Bishop Young strictly put aside theological sermons and went to preaching concerning the fraternity of man, he knew it. When Newton, in New York, laid aside pomp and formality and preached more of the spiritual fervor of love and immortality, he knew it. When Minot J. Savage, on the borders of materialism, 