FEB. 16, 1893. AMLEAL-EIT CA.N --g1WIN-rr inNTAR,Lio 55 nature has not changed since the apostolic age, not even the Apostolic Guide. There is that same jealous spirit; that same wrong idea that the majority must rule in matters of religion; that same wrong idea that the State should enforce religion. If the Guide is Christian, it ought to be able to see that these are erroneous ideas. Governments are instituted to protect the minority in their rights, but there would be no protection for them if the government were ruled by a majority of religionists. They would be compelled to believe as the majority believed, whether that belief was right or wrong, or else suffer the penalty. Why is it we see so much infidelity in the world to-day ? It is only because there is not Church unity; because Chris-tians are not consistent; because one sect persecutes another. How can Christians be the means of converting an infidel when they do not follow the teachings of the Bible; when they say that the first day of the week is the Sabbath and the Bible teaches that the seventh day is; when they teach that the State should en- force religion, and the Bible teaches that it should not, but on the contrary, that they should be entirely separate. When Christians will live and teach consistently with the teachings of the Bible, then men will see that there is a power in the gos-pel; that Jesus Christ is able to save from sin. This alone will bring Church union. But the Guide does not see this. The Bible and God are nothing; the State is everything, and from thence it seeks its power, and not from God. It does not care how a few good, honest, God-fearing men suffer so long as Sunday is exalted, for it says :Š The legislator must decide between the abolition of the Sunday law and the consequent injury in-flicted upon public morals, and the enactment and enforcement of Sunday law and the consequent injury inflictl upon a few Adventists. The good of the State is to be weighed against the good of a few men whose religion is a greater anachronism than the Blue Laws. The legislator must decide who are Christians and who are not. The legis-lator must decide what is sin; not God. The Government must punish these " few Adventists " for this fearful sin of keep-ing the seventh-day Sabbath when by the law of the land the first day is made the Sabbath. Which is right, to obey the State, or God, in matters of religion? Let the Bible answer : " Then Peter and the other apostles answered and said, We ought to obey God rather than men." A. MALLETT. Commingling of Church and State. RELATIVE to the ruling of the Supreme Court of the State of Nebraska, dated November 11, 1892, in which the State's Sunday laws were upheld on the declara-tion that they were based on divine law, Der Lutheraner says under above head-ing :Š A State acts properly and in a way commendably when enacting Sunday laws, as Luther says, " for reasons of bodily necessity, taught and demanded by nature. And this in the interest of the great multitude, of man and maidservants, who ply their work and handicraft the whole week, so they too may retire a day for rest and recreation," and for the further purpose of protecting citizens that observe the Sunday, in the exercise of their re-ligion. But, alas! this finds no expression in those laws. And now the Supreme Court of a State decrees with emphasis that its Sunday law is not merely a civil enactment, but a religious one By no means, therefore, should we tire in our testi-mony against commingling of Church and State. Der Lutheraner is the official organ of  the German Joint Synod of Missouri, Ohio, and other States, representing upwards of twelve hundred ministers and sixteen hundred congregations. A Peculiar Juxtaposition. THE Mail and Express, of January 30, and 31, contains editorial texts and news items in such relation to each other as will appear to Seventh-day Adventists both suggestive and strikingly apt, though of course quite unintentional. The scriptural text at the head of the editorial column of the issue of January 30, is:Š Deceit is in the heart of them that devise evil; but to the counselors of peace is joy. In the news columns of the same issue is this :Š For violating Sunday laws,ŠSeventh-dayAdvent-ists on trial in Tennessee. Eleven Seventh-day Adventists were placed on trial in the Henry County criminal court at Paris this morning for violating the law of Tennessee by working on their farms on Sunday. The day following the scriptural text is this :Š He shall not fail nor be discouraged till He have set judgment in the earth; and the isles shall wait for his law. And the accompanying news item is as follows:Š Seventh-day Adventists meet. The Seventh-day Adventist Ministers' Institute is in session here. (Battle Creek, Mich.) Over four hundred ministers are here and about fifty are arriving daily. They represent nearly every portion of America, South Africa, England, Australia, and the Scandinavian countries. This Institute is preparatory to the thirtieth International Conference, which begins here February 17. An application of these texts, to the incidents narrated under them, may be made by the denomination in question, which is not only striking but significant. Certainly, deceit has shown itself to be in the heart of those who desire evil against the Seventh-day observers on trial in Ten-nessee, but in the heart of the persecuted, whose counsel to all men is peace, is joy. They know their God will not fail nor be discouraged, and that he is now sitting in judgment on the earth, while the isles which have waited for his law are receiv-ing it; and that the convocation and con-ference noted is another assurance of this. Individual Immortality Dependent upon Sunday-closing. THE Union Signal of January 5, 1893, delivers itself of the following remarkable utterances, staking all, even the hope of heaven itself, upon the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, and the preser-vation of what it terms " our American Sabbath " by law :Š Open Fairs, museums, etc., on Sunday "for the laboring classes" mean inevitably in the end no Sabbath for the laborers or any one else. . . . Unless we are prepared to accept this alternative of no Sabbath at all, we must never consent to an open Fair on Sunday. To the Christian, the question is of far more serious import, for the annihilation of our day of rest is also the annihilation of our day of worship, and, to many, of almost the sole opportunity for religious development. It is a deadly blow at Christianity, and in Christianity center all the hopes of our Nation's life. . . . Our hope of immortality as a Nation, and our hope of immor-tality as individuals is the same.ŠUnion Signal, January 5, 1893. In other words, to sum the whole thing up, these Sunday-law fanatics hold that should they fail in compelling every body to keep Sunday they themselves could not  keep it, and would therefore stand no show of obtaining eternal life ! What wild, what extravagant, what perverse ideas do they hold ! The gospel of the Bible teaches that immortality is dependent upon indi-vidual acceptance of Christ, with nothing whatever said about keeping Sunday or the " American Sabbath." Surely the gospel of the Sunday-law people and the gospel of Jesus Christ are not the same. W. A. COLCORD. Let Us Do More. IN referring to the work of the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL the Christian Statesman, of December 24, says As we have said before, twenty-six thousand Seventh-day Adventists circulate more millions of papers against the Sabbath than twenty-six million friends of the Sabbath circulate thousands in its be-half. The whole country ought to be sowed knee deep with Sabbath Reform literature, to refute the shallow sophistries of good men and bad as to Sun-day opening of the World's Fair and other schemes of infidels and money grabbers thinly disguised as movements for the poor or for "pure religion." But who will provide funds for a part of them ? By " Sabbath " the Statesman means Sunday. By " Sabbath reform" is meant Sunday laws, to promote a stricter observ-ance of the day. But Sunday is not " the Sabbath," and a reform can not take place on what never was. The only true Sabbath reform is a reform on the only true Sabbath, and that is the sev-enth day. See Ex. 20:8-10; Isa. 58:13. This reform God has predicted, and sev-enth-day keepers are now the only ones enlisted in the work for the Sabbath. Every paper, tract, and page circulated for Sunday and Sunday laws is against, not Seventh-day Adventists, but the Lord God of the Bible and his Sabbath. We are glad Adventists are doing so much; they ought to be doing ten times more. The truth and love of the Lord Jesus Christ and precious souls for whom he died, as well as the rapidly passing moments, demand a tenfold deeper con-secration and zeal in God's work. But shall we suggest to the Statesman the cause of the apathy of friends of Sun-day ?ŠIt is this: The majority of them down deep in their hearts believe neither in the day nor the methods to promote it. ŠSigns of the Times. Responsible to God. PERSONAL responsibility to God ought to be a principle which should enter into every transaction of life. That "everyman must give account of himself to God " is a solemn truth of Scripture. We are therefore personally responsible to God. No society or organization or body politic of which we may be a part has any claim upon us which ought for a moment to transcend this obligation. In mere mat-ters of opinion, where moral principles are not involved, in matters where our duties lie in the same lines and are based on the same principles as these organiza-tions, it is good to have company, and in union there is strength. But where moral principle is involved, we should not fol-low a multitude to sin. Let personal responsibility to God rule. Acting as in his sight, for his sake who bought us, will but unite us in God's own better way with all the good in the universe. Al-though under the power of the enemy this may seem to leave us alone, leave it with God, and endure " as seeing Him who is invisible."ŠSigns of the Times. 