AMERICAN SENTINEL. 693 American Principles Applied in Porto Rico. THE following from the pen of Mr. H. K. Carroll, LL. D., on the subject of "The Religious Question in Porto Rico," which he contributes to The Independent, is directly along the line of the principles discussed by the SENTINEL, and should be of interest to its readers. Mr. Carroll was lately United States Special Commis-sioner to Porto Rico, and the "religious question" to which he refers is that of the readjustment of church affairs in the island consequent upon the transition from Spanish and Roman Catholic rule, to American rule, which in principle is Protestant. Mr. Carroll evi-dently understands the bearing of American principles of government upon the religious questions which have arisen in Porto Rico, and knows how to present that which those principles demand. Notice how, as Mr. Carroll narrates, the Catholic officials endeavored to make use of the discrepancies between the American Constitution and the American practise in the United States, to maintain the old order of things in Porto Rico. The Roman priests, for in-stance, might be maintained at Government expense for a time without compromising the Constitution, since here in the United States the Government indirectly contributes to the churches by allowing church property to go untaxed! This is a discrepancy in American prac-tise, and the Roman Catholics know it, and are ready to make use of it in defense of the whole papal system. The whole principle of church and state separation for which American free government stands, may be surrendered in one seemingly small thing in American practise; and it is the 'constant aim of wily Catholic prelates to get the Government, through some seem-ingly inconsequential act, to surrender the Protestant principle and commit itself to the Catholic principle of church and state union. In Porto Rico the Catholic officials have aimed to save enough of the papal leaven to enable them in time to again leaven the whole lump. Mr. Carroll says:Š "The passing of the interests of the Roman Catholic Church'in Porto Rico from Spanish into American ec-clesiastical hands will make the solution of the religious problems before us much less difficult. Fortunately our Government is neither Catholic nor Protestant, and has no entangling alliances with either the one or the other. Its course is clearly marked out for it by the Constitu-tion. The church must be disestablished, not because it is Catholic, but simply because it is a church. The priests must find other than public means of support, not because they are priests, but because they are min-isters of religion, which must pay its own bills, whether in the United States or in Porto Rico. The adminis-trator of that diocese (the Spanish bishop, next in rank to the governor-general, having gone to Spain when evacuation took place) understood perfectly that the connection of state and church must cease, as contrary to American ideas and principles, and pleaded simply  that support for the priests might be provided tempo-rarily, until the transition could be made to the volun-tary basis. He said the congregations had never been accustomed to contribute to the church, and the priests ought not to be compelled to leave or starve, and the influence of the church was greatly needed to conserve the morals of the people. Monsignor Perpifia argued that this might be done without compromising the Con-stitution of the United States, for our Government does contribute indirectly to the support of churches by al-lowing their property to remain untaxed. His zeal for his church was perfectly natural and perfectly proper. But the church was disestablished the moment American occupation was complete, without the issuing of any def-inite order. It seemed to be taken quite as a matter of course that payments to the church from the Insular Treasury should cease immediately, and cease they did, and that, too, without protest from the people against it. They were evidently ready for the change, because they understood it was according to the American plan, and they were quite anxious to become Americans and accept American institutions. "General Brooke's first order as governor-general did not name the church; but in declaring that the existing system of laws would be retained in so far as it was not in conflict with the Constitution of the United States, it virtually disestablished the church and nulli-fied all those laws which give it exclusive privileges._ The Insular Advisory Commission has brought upon itself the criticisms of the Catholic press of this country for proposing that priests and nuns be allowed to marry. It had in mind, doubtless, the provision of the civil code in the chapter on marriage, which prohibits-priests and religious from marrying. The prohibition was a natural one under a Catholic government. The marriage of such persons would be a scandal to all good Catholics, and no government representing both church and state could tolerate it. It would bring reproach upon the state as well as upon the church. Under our system celibacy is simply a matter of church regulation. Ecclesiastical authorities can enforce it or not, as they-see fit; but our Government can make no law command-ing either obedience or disobedience to it. That pro-vision of the Spanish code is, therefore, really of no-effect; neither is that other provision, changed by Gen-eral Henry, requiring all Catholics to be married accord-ing to the ecclesiastical form. No one can be debarred from civil marriage in Porto Rico by reason of any church connection, vocation or regulation. "These and other religious questions are settling themselves without act of Congress or formal military order. Doubtless, in good time, measures will be taken for the revision of the codes, to bring them into har-mony with American principles. But there are some important problems involving property which are not quite so easy of settlement. The cemeteries and the churches are claimed both by the church and the munic-ipalities. How can decisions be reached which will serve the cause of both law and equity? "The church does not claim any property right in the cemeteries. They were purchased and built, maintained and administered, by the municipalities, to which the right of title is conceded. But the church claims control over burials in these cemeteries, or at least in the conse-crated portions. It bases its claims on these facts: 