$3'srlitip" 208 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 26. NEW YORK, JUNE 30, 1892. NOTE.- Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IN order to give the employes of this office a much-needed rest, no paper will be issued next week. No. 27 of THE SEN-TINEL will bear date of July 14. Our readers will lose nothing by this arrange-ment, as a volume of THE SENTINEL con-sists of fifty numbers. Each subscriber will therefore receive his full number of papers during the year. OUR National Reform exchanges, that want Sunday laws, " but without oppres-sing any who conscientiously observe the seventh day," are as silent as the grave in regard to the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee. What do the editors of the Christian Statesman think about sending honest, God-fearing men to jail upon the strength of the legal fiction that they were " guilty of a public nui-sance by working on Sunday, to the prej-udice of society, and against the peace and dignity of the State " ? -0- PERSECUTION for conscience' sake has for the most part been in every age under the color and forms of civil law, and the civil officers have ever taken refuge in the plea, " It is the law." It was so in the case of the Adventists now in jail in Tennessee. Both the Judge and the Attorney-General expressed regret for their part in it, but said, " It is the law." And the Legisla-ture says, " It is the law;" and the people say, " It is the law;" and they all, Attor-ney-General, Judge, Legislature, and peo-ple, settle back into a sort of easy, self-satisfied sort of lethargy, feeling that nobody is to blame except those fellows who can't " get their consciences into har-mony with the law." THE following from the Constitution of Tennessee is apropos to the persecution of Adventists in that State under its iniqui-tous Sunday law :Š No human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship. Article 1, Section 3. These Adventists read the Bible for themselves and believe it as they read, as they have the inalienable, and the consti-tutional right to do. Accordingly, they believe, as the fourth of the ten command- ments teaches, that the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord. Holding this as an obligation which they owe to the Lord, they render it to the Lord. Then, having rendered to God that which is God's, they exercise their God-given right to work the other six days of the week. Š0Š AND not only do the Seventh-day Ad-ventists regard it as their right to work on Sunday, but they look upon it as a sacred duty to devote Sunday to secular pursuits. Their reasons for taking this view of the question are ably and clearly set forth in an editorial article in the or-gan of the denomination, the Advent Re-view and Sabbath Herald, of June 14. The article is published, in condensed form, on another page of this paper. We commend it to the careful perusal of every reader of THE SENTINEL. THE view set forth by the Advent Re-view that the fourth commandment estab-lishes a difference between the Sabbath and the six other days of the week and re-quires men to respect that difference, is certainly both reasonable and consistent. The seventh day of cessation from labor is God's memorial of his cessation from the work of creation, given to man in order that he might the better remember his Creator. Physical rest for man was evidently not the primary object of the Sabbath; for it " was made for man," as our Lord himself declares, before the fall, and consequently before man stood in need. of rest from wearing toil. Clearly its object was to keep in lively exercise man's loyalty to God as the Creator, just as our peculiarly national holidaysŠthe Fourth of July and Washington's Birth-dayŠare designed to fan the flame of pa-triotism in the American breast. Viewed from this standpoint, it is plain that the fourth commandment not only enjoins the keeping of the true Sabbath, but it like-wise forbids rivals and counterfeits. Š0Š THE nature of the " disturbance" and " annoyance" caused by the Sunday work of the Adventists in Tennessee, is plainly shown by some of the evidence in the trial of the late R. M. King, in Obion County, that State, in March 1890. Colonel Rich-ardson, counsel for the defendant, asked Mr. Cole, one of the witnesses for the State, questions as follows, and received the subjoined answers:Š Col. R.ŠDid you see the defendant, Mr. King, working on Sunday ? Mr. Cole.ŠYes, sir, I saw him plowing in his field on Sunday, the twenty-third day of June last. Col R.ŠDid it disturb you in any way ? Mr. Cole.ŠYes, sir, of course it did; it was very annoying to my feelings. Col. R.ŠOn what grounds ? Mr. Cole.ŠOn the ground that it was a violation of laws, both sacred and civil. Col. R.ŠThen it was an excitement of your re-ligious feelings, and repulsive to your views of Christianity ? Mr. Cole.ŠYes, sir. Col. R.ŠHow long have you known Mr. King? Mr. Cole.ŠFor about twenty or twenty-five years. Col. R ŠWhat was the general character of the defendant as a peaceable, quiet, law-abiding citzen, up to the time of this indictment ? Mr.Cole.ŠIt was good. This makes the matter clear : in Tennes- see a man of good character as a peaceable, quiet, law-abiding citizen becomes a nui- sance if he observes the Sabbath of the fourth commandment, and then goes quietly about his work on Sunday. REV. DAVID ANDERSON, a correspon-dent of the United Presbyterian, thus de-fends the system by which the same indi-vidual may be counted as a petitioner in favor of Sunday laws and other religious legislation, as many times as he belongs to different organizations:Š While this appears objectionable on its face, yet when we consider these petitions are not personal, but organizational, A has the right of being repre-sented in proportion to his or her working powers in each of these, as these organizations may be affected by the action petitioned for. It was by exercising this " right " of being numerously counted, that the Sun-day forces showed such amazing numeri-cal strength in Ohio and Michigan. At the same ratio there are in the United States not less than ninety millions of people, every man, woman, and child of whom want the World's Fair closed on Sunday. Surely such methods will pres-ently cause petitions to stink in the nos- trils of honest men. A NEWLY enacted statute of Ohio makes it unlawful for any person " engaged in barbering " to prosecute that business Sunday. Nearly all the barbers accept the arrangement gracefully, and announce that they will close their shops on Sunday, but some of them, observing that a, similar law with respect to saloon keepers has been violated for years by the use of side doors, and that when any have been brought to trial, the juries obtainable in the police court have invariably acquitted or disagreed, have determined to admit customers by side doors and take the risk of punishment. They say that they must serve their customers, to many of whom a Sunday shave is as much of a necessity as a breakfast. Such laws are unconstitutional, interfer-ing with the rights and liberty of people. Syracuse (N. Y.) Times. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of less than 100 copies, per year, each, - - 90e. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City 