DECEMBER 10, 1896. AA/flak-LT CLAN 389 to be attacked by the Syrian fever. And if perchance it were the chief in command, who should be found consuming in his tent with that dreadful disease, we should expect to hear that the Sultan had sent into the camp of the Crusaders, camels laden with snow to cool the parched lips and quench the burning fever of their stricken commander, as did Sultan Saladin to Richard the Lion-hearted in the Crusades of old. And if the expedi-tion should really come to a war, we might expect to hear at last that on the eve of battle, in the presence of both armies, and over the broken truce of the "Christians" the Turk-ish commander had openly appealed to Jesus Christ for the justice of his cause, and then had wiped them off the earth, as was done, all of it, by the Turks once before. DOES A NATIONAL RELIGION PROMOTE NATIONAL GROWTH. BY M. E. KELLOGG. A NATIONAL REFORMER, writing Sunday- school notes for the Christian Statesman, lays down this proposition:Š Whenever altars and temples and religions multi-ply in a nation, national unity ceases, and national disintegration and decay set in. Civil governments are to preserve national unity not by compelling uni-formity of faith, but by national recognition of one supreme God, of one divine ruler. Should we admit that the first of the above statements is true, what follows ? As surely as national disintegration and decay is a con-dition that every nation should dread, and prevent if possible, so surely must Spain, Russia, and other States having one faith very' generally believed in and obeyed, be justified in doing all they can to prevent the entrance into their realms of other faiths than the one already established there, For what nation desires disintegration and decay? Upon that ground, even Turkey would be justified in refusing her consent that mission-aries of other faiths than Islam shall enter the country. The second statement contradicts itself. Civil government should not compel uni-formity of faith, but should compel the rec-ognition of one divine ruler! This may not be compelling uniformity of faith in a very narrow, sectarian sense; but in a broad sense it is. To compel the recognition of God is as surely compelling men as it is to compel a specified form of baptism. Human beings have a very constant habit of thinking that nothing is arbitrary and un-necessary compulsion, unless it trenches upon their particular habit or doctrines. To make others believe, or at least nominally accept, what they believe, is perfectly proper, but for others to do the same by them is quite an-other thing. But we have not yet fully considered the principle laid down in the first statement that while religions multiply, "national unity ceases, and national disintegration and decay set in." The United States of America is a living, national witness that the state-ment is incorrect. Here is a nation, one of whose fundamental principles of government is that religion shall be free, that all faiths might here multiply. And to prevent all friction and consequent disintegration as the result of religious friction, which surely has ruined many nations, the Church and the State, religion and the civil government, were separated, so that whether a man professes any religion or no religion at all, that would not prevent his cordial support and mainte- nance of the government. It was also the intention of the founders of this nation that it should forever so remain. "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," was the first amendment to the United States Constitution. This provision was intended to cut off all hopes of establish-ing a national religion here even in the broadest sense. The Jew, Christian, Catho-lic, Protestant, infidel, agnostic, and Mo-hammedanŠall are equal, and all can sub-scribe to the Constitution; and the addition of anything to the national law which they cannot subscribe to, would be dangerous to the country. This system of government has been in operation one hundred and twenty-one years, and no one questions the - fact that a very large share of our national prosperity is the result of it. This nation has stood forth as a marvel of progress, a miracle of national growth. Its power and influence have been felt across the sea, in the lands where perse-cution once held sway; and the degree of liberty now enjoyed by the people of those nations is but the reflection of our own su-perior freedom. Does any one dare to assert that, if this nation had adopted a narrower system of government, had established a na-tional religion even of the broadest kind, the nation would have grown as it has, or that its influence over other, nations would have been so marked and beneficent ? For our part, we do not hesitate to state that it would not. Christianity is the last religion which should plead for national recognition. Before it received such recognition it was beautiful in holiness and magnificent in power. When it became the recognized religion of Rome its beauty was tarnished, its power gone, and itself but a name for an engine of tyranny. When the adherents of any religion plead for a national recognition of their religion by law, they show that their hope is in an arm of flesh. A yielding to such demands by this nation, to the degree that this has already been done, is in itself a signal of disintegra-tion and decay. If our nation is to be pre-served, it can be done only by scrupulously maintaining the religious freedom guaranteed in the Constitution, as its framers originally intended. IN the Union Signal, of Nov. 19, 1896, the Reform Bureau, of Washington, D. C., says that "at the Washington Endeavor con-vention, of 1896, which met at a time when the sabbath was more attacked and less de-fended than ever before," it was suggested by this bureau, "that all young people's societies should this year make the defense of the Lord's day a specialty, each society appoint-ing a permanent Lord's day committee, as a part of its organization, which committees should endeavor, (1) to close post-offices by local option petitions to the postmaster-gen-eral, and on a larger scale by petitions to Congress; (2) to circulate pledges against Sunday cycling for pleasure; (3) to urge the patronage of daily papers having no Sunday editions, etc. This plan was officially ap-proved, so far as Endeavorers are concerned, by the Golden Rule. The,  postmaster-general, after conference and correspondence with the Reform Bureau, had previously closed the local post-office in Mount Vernon, N. Y., a city of seventeen thousand inhabitants, on petition of a majority of the adult receivers of mailŠa petition originated by the Endeav-orers but supported by all the other young people's societiesŠby this act giving the pub-lic to understand that he would do so in other  like cases, restoring the local option plan or-iginated by Mr. Wanamaker. "Subsequent to the convention the move-ment was taken up by the young people's societies of all kinds in all parts of the land, not in small towns only, but also in large cities, especially for suburban offices. "The Woman's Christian Temperance Union, which was earlier in the crusade against Sunday mails, will welcome this reinforce-ment of young people and give it the benefit of its matures thought and its staying quali-ties; and preachers' meetings will, of course, see that it has no lack of wise and brave lead-ership." Has the Scripture said in vain, "The lead-ers of this people cause them to err, and they that are led of them are destroyed" ? NO PART IN POLITICS ? How the church of Rome "never takes part in politics" is illustrated by an editorial in The Sun, of Nov. 17, 1896, on "The Expul-sion of the Jesuits from Ecuador." It says that "President Alfaro has issued a decree for the expulsion of the Jesuits from the repub-lic of Ecuador, which is one of the most Catholic countries of South America. Last year, when Alfaro took command of the revo-lution which he brought to success, he met with the determined opposition of the church. Not a few of the ecclesiastics took up arms against him, and a member of the hierarchy, Bishop Schumacher, held command of a mil-itary division which fought for his overthrow. Alfaro also made the charge that millions of dollars belonging to the funds of the reli- gious orders were used against him. My campaign,' he said in a manifesto, is a most difficult one, because of the enemy's hypocrit-ical pretense that they are fighting for reli-gion.' "As soon as the revolutionary leader gained success in the war which opened last year and ended in the early part of this year, he began to enforce measures of revenge. His threats were so alarming that a large number of priests fled from Ecuador and took refuge in Peru and Colombia, and they were followed by the inmates of several convents, some of whom came to this country. He also began to con-fiscate the lands and other property of the church, which, as he said, had been dishonor-ably employed against the revolution. "All this time he exercised power merely as a revolutionary chief, and without any authority derived from the constitution or from popular suffrage. Last month, when a conyention to frame a new constitution was held at Guayaquil, Alfaro,Ł now in . office as chief executive, at once manifested his antag-onism to the church party. He induced the convention to adopt provisions for limiting the power of the church, for diverting por-tions of the church income, and for putting restraints upon the church's control of its property. He also secured the adoption of constitutional provisions concerning the reli-gious orders that were regarded as inimical by the church. It is doubtless under the au-thority thus conferred upon him that he has issued the decree to expel the Jesuits from Ecuador. "We presume that he has been stimulated to go to this extremity by the still existing hostility of the church to the successful rev-olution. Bands of his enemies who fled to Peru and Colombia have recently made their appearance on the frontier of Ecuador and have attempted to stir up the people to renew 