110 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. gates of the Columbian Exposition effect it?" The question was asked whether the commissioners had any right to shut away those who want to go to the Fair on Sunday in response to a petition from those who did not want to go, and the answer was, " Assuredly not. That those who did not care to go could stay away, and those who wanted to go might do so without any interference with those who didn't want to go, for the going or remaining away was wholly an individual matter. Then it was suggested, by one of the com-mittee, that in view of the fact that the Exposition was an international affair not a State or even a national thing, it would certainly be unjust to foreign exhibitors, who do not regard the day as they would thus be required to do, as long as they were in part, at least, contributory to its success. Another query was raised as to whether or not the seventh-day people were peti-tioning for the opening of the gates and was replied to that they were not; but that their opposition was to the gates being closed by legislative action, which was wholly on religious grounds; that that was wholly outside the jurisdiction of civil law, as it was contrary to the Constitution of the United States and of every State in the Union. The idea was also developed that to close the gates on Sunday and compel the people to remain away, would not advance the interests of Sabbath-keeping, for if the day was not regarded to the Lord, it was not regarded at all. A friend of the bill soberly enquired whether it was not right to have laws to compel people to keep the Sabbath, and the answer was that it was not right in any sense; that it was simply to compel religious observance, and the State has no right to enact laws with respect to reli-gion and the enforcement of religious observances. Upon this it was observed by certain of the committee that if the State could not legislate upon 'religion, then we might as well abolish all our moral laws. Quite a number of other in-teresting points were brought out, but these are sufficient to show the drift of the minds of the committee. After the hearing was over several of the members remained to talk further concerning the question. One of them purchased a copy of " Two Republics," and promised to bring it to the notice of other members. Another one said, as we were leaving the room, "That committee has something to think over now that they have never had before." Another one said, "I don't believe that this ques-tion of Sunday-closing of thee World's Fair will be called up at all at this session now." And in further conversation he said : "The facts are, we have been besieged by the religious element of our constituency to close the capitol building on Sunday, to shut off the Sunday pay of the em-ployes, and to take action against Sunday newspapers, until life is pretty near a burden. The question of the State appropriation to the World's Fair was called up the fol-lowing Friday, and passed, but the Sun-day clause was left entirely out, and we are also told that the Sunday-rest resolu-tions and petitions are forever killed; so take it all in all the friends of the Na-tional Religious Liberty Association feel that the hearing had its effect and are glad for the effort. W. E. CORNELL. IVAlkeriolVJX.e Itcligiolls Libutu FISSOGIV011 we  ow Jusriez TO pug -  X11101 - KEEP  1."  6.1)11'4 AND it1E stuiRGIA FORLVERS"A-U9  DEGUIRRTION OF PRINGIPLE,S. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fallow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WAsuncomox, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICR. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. ON March 22, in the New York Legislature, the Senate passed the bill appropriating three hundred thousand dollars for the World's Fair, with a clause prohibiting the opening of the State exhibit on Sunday, just as it came from the Assembly. The text of this clause of the bill reads: "The exhibit of the State of New York at such exhibition shall not be opened to the public on Sunday, and the general managers herein provided for shall take such steps as may be necessary to carry this pro-vision into effect." 4  A CORRESPONDENT says that a leading lawyer of Cincinnati recently stated to him that, if the World's Fair is opened on Sunday, the church to which he belonged would go armed and prevent the opening by force. If this is the proper thing for Christians to do, why did not Christ tell Peter to fight away, rather than to put up his sword, with the statement that they who take the sword must perish with the sword ? Christians must persuade, but where is the authority from the great Author of Christianity for them to take up arms to fight for their principles ? THE Syracuse Sunday Times not long ago con-ceived the idea of publishing an article which should present complete statistics of the growth and progress of all the churches of different denomina-tions in the city of Syracuse. To assist in this a circu-lar letter, with blanks to be filled out and returned, was mailed to every minister having a charge in the city. About two thirds of the ministers refused to fill out the blank, and give the information re-quested, on the ground that they would not con-tribute to an article to be published in a Sunday newspaper. If it had been a Monday morning newspaper, which made the request, no doubt they would have been ready to furnish any amount of copy, for the editor to spend his Sunday afternoon over, and the compositors to set up on Sunday night. THE St. Louis Globe-Democrat, of March 21, con-tains the following special dispatch from Lexing- ton, Missouri:Š In the report of the Grand Jury it was stated that the jurors had agreed individually, and as a body, to notify violators of the Sunday law in their respective towns and neighborhoods, that if they did not desist it would be the duty of the jurors to report them to the next Grand Jury. To-day, for the first Sunday in years, business was almost en-tirely suspended; drug stores were opened, but the  sales were confined to medicines. The restaurants refused to sell cigars, and the lobby of the post-office, which is occupied as a news stand, was not opened until the-regular hour for opening the de livery window. Heretofore, clothing and tobacco stores have been opened, but to-day closing was the rule. Speaking of the violation of the Sunday and liquor laws, the Grand Jury says : "In an official capacity we have been shocked at the corruption of the morality of youth, and heard of the want and misery of the home circles, caused by the use of intoxicating liquor;. This crime is appalling, and points with anxious finger to the responsibility of citizenship. In only two instances out of a very large number were we satisfied in indicting. We concluded such crime can only be abated by the citizens combining with the offi-cers of the -law to obtain positive evidence to pre-sent to grand jurors." The enforcement of Sunday laws is coming to be the supposed panacea for all social and political ills. But is'it true that the cause and cure of these troubles lie no deeper than a mere failure to en-force a religious holiday once a week by civil law? 5-4  THE World's Fair is to have a "Department of Religion" as a portion of The World's Congress Auxiliary of the World's Exposition of 1893. C. C. Bonney, who is President of the International Law and Order League, is President also of this World's Congress Auxiliary. Mr. Bonney has sent out a circular in reference to this Department of Religion at the World's Fair, which says that its purpose is "To unite all religion against all irreli-gion; to make the Golden Rule the basis of union; to present to the world in the religious congresses to be held in connection with the Columbian Expo-sition of 1893, the substantial unity of many reli-gions in the good deeds of the religious life; to provide for a World's Parliament of Religions, in which their common aims and common ground of unity may be set forth, and the marvelous religious progress of the nineteenth century be reviewed; and to facilitate separate and independent con-gresses of different religious denominations and organizations, under their own officers, in which their business may be transacted, their achieve-ments presented, and their work for the future presented." To plan the work for this Department of Religion a committee has been appointed repre-senting sixteen different religious denominations among which is the Roman Catholic, the Jewish, and the Unitarian, The Congress is to be held from August 25 to September 28, 1893. If this move-ment towards the unification of popular religion is in any measure successful it will be a long stride towards making, not "the Golden Rule the basis of this union," but the tenets of the Law and Order League and the American Sabbath Union the basis of a union for the enforcement of religious law throughout the world. The possible outcome of this may be a world-wide propagation of the gospel of legal force. A SUNDAY bill has again been submitted to the Canadian Parliament. The present bill differs from that of last year in that there are not more than half as many provisions as in the previous bill. Al-though the word " Sabbath " is carefully omitted the preamble distinctly declares the measure to be in the " interests of religion. " It will be noticed that where penalties are affixed one half goes to the in-formant, also that the exemption clause extends only to " the people called Indians." The following is the text of the bill AN ACT TO SECURE THE BETTER OBSERVANCE OF THE LORD'S DAY, COMMONLY CALLED SUNDAY. WHEREAS it is desirable, in the interests of reli-gion, morality, and the public welfare, that better provision be made for securing the observance of the first day of the week, hereinafter called the Lord's day, as a day of rest; Therefore, Her Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate and House of Commons of Canada, enacts as follows: 1. Whoever shall on the Lord's day, either as proprietor, publisher, or manager, engage in the printing, publication, or delivery of a newspaper, R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 