362 AMERICAN SENTINEL. happen to be his, rather than somebody else's, we can see, readily enough, many fallacies in his work, and can appreciate the infinite harm which he has done to the English-speaking race by giving to those fallacies the sanction of his high authority. The fact that his book is still used and recommended in nearly every law-school in this country renders it practically a modern work, and perpetuates its capacity for misleading and mischief-making. IT is Mr. Justice Blackstone who talks to our boys about lawŠhuman law, we must bear in mindŠas having "her seat in the bosom of Goa." This is nonsense, of course; but in the "Commentaries" it is nonsense of a particularly dangerous and objectionable kind. And it is nonsense which is quoted frequently in our time, and is em bodied in a certain legal distinction which has received the indorsement of the highest courts of the United States. It is, in fact, the nonsense of the union of Church and State, which finds expression in the classification of hu-man actions, as taken cognizance of by human criminal law, into the malurn prohibitum, and the malum in se. The malum in se is the thing which is wrong in itselfŠas, fox example, stealing, murder, etc.; the malum prohib-itum is the thing which is wrong only because the law forbids itŠas shooting birds "out of season," bringing goods into one country from another without paying a government "duty," or importation tax, etc. In other words, things of the first class are immoral, as well as il-legal; things of the second class are illegal--query, also immoral? A VAST deal of curious erudition has been accumu-lated around this classification. For example, it is an established general principle that ignorance of the law excuses nobody. This principle, however it may appear to conflict with the actual practice Łof arguing the law, and taking appeals from courts of inferior jurisdiction, is a principle of absolute necessity; for, as we can never ascertain with any degree of certainty what a man knows or does not know, it is impossible to allow the plea of ignorance to be regarded as a defense against a criminal charge. But it has been said that where an act is only an offense against an express statute, and thus malum prohibitum, without being, at the same time, malum in se, a jury may take into consideration how far actual knowledge of the law ought to be imputed to the offender, and, in this connection, may give their attention to the length of time that the statute had been in force when the offense was committed, and other attendant circum-stances of the case. THE question of ma/um or bon urn in se as a charac-teristic of a human action is evidently a moral question Šin other words, a question of religion. This is a ques_  lion which is tried under the law which "hath her seat in the bosom of God." It is investigated and decided by that awful Judge "unto whom all hearts are open, all desires known, and from whom no secrets are hid." It is utterly beyond the reach of mere man, beyond the juris-diction of the courts of his establishment, beyond the purview of any statutes that he can frame or enact. For him to undertake to deal with such a matter, in his judi-cial administration, is to blasphemously set up a union of Church and State, to wickedly intrude on his fellows' rights of conscience. MR. JUSTICE BLACKSTONE to the contrary, notxvith_ standing, human rawŠat any rate, American human law Šknows no such distinction between things as that of maim prohibitum and maim» in se. It knows nothing of an act as either malum or bonum. The only distinc-tion it recognizes is between that which is prohibitum and that which is non-prohibitumŠin other words, be-tween what it punishes as criminal and what it does not punish, because it does not choose to consider it criminal. It matters not whether an act be forbidden under the "Common Law" of England, where that has been adopted by an American State, or whether it is forbidden by a State statute. The Criminal Court judge simply inquires whether or not the personikho is arraigned before him on a certain charge has done something which the "law of the land" says he shall not do, or has left undone something which the same law says he shall do. With the point of malum or bonumŠthe morality or immo-rality of either the act or the omission, such a judge has nothing whatever to do. SAYS the New York Observer, of May 20, in speaking of the Turkish triumph over Greece; "It makes one rage to say it, but barbarism has triumphed through the sheer ineptitude of Christian powers. Its victory is marked by the groans of all Christians in southeastern Europe." The Observer is,  mistaken. There is no more reason why one should "rage" over the triumph of Turkey in the war, than over the triumph of Greece had that been the result of the fighting. The "barbarism" of the affair is in the war itself, and barbarism, triumphed when hos-tilities begun. Going to war is itself a demonstration of the barbarism of any nation that does it. The so-called "Christian powers" are as fair exponents of barbarism in the use of their armies and fleets as is Turkey in her war with Greece. IT is announced that the key-note of the coming International Christian Endeavor contention at San Francisco'  s to be "Rescue of the sabbath." 