354 A.MCFat !CAIN- S1E NTT' N- 1E1E.. VoL. 10, No. 45. countability; and every deed that was ever done can and will be answered for at the bar of individual accountability. When the final judgment shall have passed upon all this, there will be no accountability left. Such is a brief investigation of the doctrine that the State is a moral person. It reveals enough of its real nature to show us that it is full of the, deadliest evil. It is a doctrine which, under a pious exterior, dethrones God, puts man in his place, and subjects Christian people to persecution for not holding the religious views of the majority. Let it be recognized as such, and shunned accordingly. LEGISLATING ON MORALITY. THE Outlook (New York), of October 26, notices with approval a recent sermon by the pastor of Grace Church, which laid down the doctrine that " the protected rest day is part of the moral law of Christendom," and there-fore that " only sovereign powerŠsuch power, I mean, as regulates the tenure of property, the validity of contracts, the conditions of marriage, and the penalty of deathŠhas any right to legislate about it." " In this contention," says the Outlook, " he seems to us to be clearly right. The adoption of a general Sunday law and the protection of Sunday rest from the incursions of covetousness, clearly belong to the State authority, at least as much as the designation of any other legal holiday." Are the American people prepared to ac-cept, with its logical consequences, such doc-trines as this,Šnamely, that " the moral law of Christendom" comes within the proper sphere of human legislation? Can man by legislation change that law, or legislate any-thing into it? In other words, can moral duty be determined by act of Congress or of the State or municipal legislative bodies? .If so, then moral duty is as uncertain and change-able a thing as human law. Of course, no power below that which we term " sovereign power" can rightfully leg-islate upon the moral law of Christendom; but can any human power rightfully enact such legislation? If so, it must be on a par with God himself; for he has never un-dertaken any higher legislation than that which constitutes " the moral law of Chris-tendom." Can it be that some present day theologians have made the discovery that this moral law is incomplete as related to the moral needs of our times, so that there must be human legisla-tion to supply the deficiency? There may be some appearance of this so far as =Sunday rest is concerned, for there is no law for Sunday rest anywhere to be found in the moral code of Jehovah. This fact, however, comes very far short of justifying an attempt to legislate Sunday rest into that law. Is not the " moral law of Christendom," and every part of it, complete and perfect? Did the Omnipotent ever leave a piece of his work unfinished? and if he had, should man set his puny erring hand to the task of com-pleting it? Then verily would it be seen that "fools rush in where angels fear to tread." The truth is that God has himself legis-lated concerning Sabbath observance, and his work is perfect and covers the subject com-pletely, so that there is no room for any fur-ther legislation in the matter. And therefore any further sabbath legislation must conflict with that enacted by the Creator, and can work only harm and confusion. And this is exactly what we see. The man-made Sunday  law puts another day in the place of the Sab-bath of Jehovah, and puts those who keep His Sabbath into the dungeon and the chain-gang. Nor can it be true, as the Outlook says, that " the adoption of a general Sunday law and the protection of the Sunday rest from the incursions of covetousness clearly belong to the State authority, at least as much as the designation of any other legal holiday." Sun-day stands upon an entirely different basis from " any other legal holiday," for the sim-ple reason that rest is not made compulsory upon any other legal holiday, as it is on the " protected" Sunday. The commandment of God says, " The sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work." These are the words of the infinite One, and when they were spoken the earth shook. Heb. 12: 26. The precept of which they are a part is in force to-day, and it would be exceedingly proper for man to refrain from meddling with it. In ancient times, when that law, with the other nine precepts of the Decalogue, was written in the tables of stone, no human hand might touch the ark in which the visible ex-pression of it was contained; and sacrilegious indeed is the hand that would strike at the law itself to-day, by presuming to enact into its place a sabbath law which exalts another day than the one God sanctified at creation. Time cannot diminish aught from the sa-credness and the obligation of God's moral law. "Every word of God is pure. . . . Add thou not unto his words, lest he reprove thee, and thou be found a liar." Prov. 30:6. .0- Ł CONGRESS WILL BE ASKED TO ENACT A SUNDAY LAW. THE Baltimore Sun, of the 5th inst., had the following special dispatch from Washing-ton:Š WASHINGTON, D. C., Nov. 4.ŠThe Churchman's League, an Episcopal organization which meets four times a year, held its November meeting to night in Epiphany Sunday-school. The principal action taken was on a report of a committee appointed some time ago to search the statutes of the District of Columbia, to find a law for the closer observance of the Sabbath, and in case such law was not found, to draft one to be presented to Congress. The committee found a law which was passed when Washington was a cor-poration and which remained on the statute books for twenty-two years. One day some one found out that it had never been signed by the mayor of Washington and it was thrown out. The league indorsed the law, and will present it at the coming session for enactment by Congress. The law reads as follows:Š " It shall not be lawful for any person to keep open any place of business or maintain a stand for the sale of any article or articles of profit during Sunday ex-cept apothecaries for the dispensing of medicines, and undertakers for the purpose of providing for the dead, or others for the purpose of charity or necessity. Nor shall any public playing at football, or baseball, or any other kind of playing, sports, pastimes, or diversions, disturbing the peace and quiet of the day, be practiced by any person or persons within the District of Columbia on Sunday, and for any viola-tions of this act any person offending shall for each offense be liable to a fine of not less than five or more than fifty dollars." What Congress will do with this " law " remains to be seen. That body ought to re-fuse to take any action toward any such legis-lation. It ought to declare that any Sunday legislation whatever would be contrary to the principles of the Government and .a menace to religious liberty. It would not be a bad idea for the Senate and House respectively to order printed a number of copies of the Sunday-mail reports of 1829 and 1830, and declare that these set forth the principles of this Government upon the matter of all legis.  lation in any way meddling in religious affairs; and that wherein Congress or any other branch of the Government has not been governed by this principle, it has usurped authority and acted without constitutional warrant. If we had in Congress a few men like Richard M. Johnson, we might hope for something of this kind. Ł Ł Ł  SUNDAYISM IN ILLINOIS. BY ADDISON BLAKELY, PH. D. CHICAGO is taking a hand in the Sunday "law" contest. At the last session of the legislature, a Sunday statute was passed con-taining no exemption clause for those observing the seventh day as the Sabbath; and now the authorities are undertaking to enforce it. The observers of the seventh day, the observers of no day, and even many believers in Sunday ob-servance regard the statute as unconstitutional and void for several reasons. The statute specifies that " it shall be Un-lawful for any person or persons to keep open any barber shop or carry on the business of shaving, hair cutting, or tonsorial work on Sunday within the State; " and that " any person by himself, agent, or employ6" vio-lating the act, " shall, upon conviction there-of, be fined in any sum not exceeding two hundred (200) dollars for each and every offense." An association has been organized to secure the enforcement of the " law," retaining the services of the same attorney that assisted those ministers who, two years ago, endeavored to close the World's Exposition on Sunday. They are raising money and swearing out warrants against all violators of the provisions of the statute. They assert both loudly and frequently that they will maintain their work of prosecution as long as the statute remains in the code. The man who introduced the bill, and who has given to the " law" his name, is Repre-sentative Cody, who, it is said, introduced the bill at the request of two barber friends who wanted to close Sunday themselves, but whose religion was not sufficiently strong to induce them to do so unless they could get a " law " to compel all other barbers to do as they desired to do. And so the " law" was passed. But just as the " law" got through the two houses of the legislature, opposition began to develop, and letters both pro and con began pouring in on the governor. He was between the horns of a dilemma. Should he veto it and be anathematized by the pros, or sign it and be blanked by the maiik—,,He hesitatedŠhe did neither.. ;I? slpfeargr9ttt Se i~here- fore took the bIrp,, upon jfc. This bill having rem PA' ,SdPft. theageHaftra period of ten atiiist4f4talffagiexce`p#4143114r the adjournment olutIngemem 1 rfitownley, and he not having filed it Aiyitflei 1.ris bjections thereto in the office of the < cc. °tau of State, it becomes a law in like manner as if he had signed it." But no sooner was it law than a storm of opposition arose in Chicago. Mass meetings were held, and money raised to test the con-stitutionality of the "law" in the courts of the State. The people went so far as to or-ganize a corporation known as "The Barbers' Mutual Protective Association," and got a charter from Springfield. The constitution of the association was then adopted, containing the following preamble setting forth the purposes of the organiza-tion:Š We, citizens of the United States, State of Illinois, 