THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 181 week day." Is this ignorance ? Or prej-udice ? Or what ? It certainly is not ac-curacy. Few people who have gone into the picture galleries on the Continent on Sun-days will need to be reminded of the number of working people to be seen thereŠmany of them in their unmistak-able blouses. In the East end of London, where an art gallery, the gift of Mr. Watts, Mr. Burne-Jones, and Sir Frede-rick Leighton, has recently been opened, a crowd of working people, is habitually to be found there on Sundays. The Art Museum in Boston has, been open on Sun-day afternoons for the past fifteen years, and the President declares that "most of the visitors on that day (Sunday) are persons whose occupations would prevent their going on week days. When I go in on Sunday afternoons I always find in the rooms a large number of quiet, orderly, and interested persons. Their behavior has never occasioned any complaint." Phillips Brooks, referring to the opening of this Museum, says : " I should not hesitate, if I were asked the question, to say that I believe it is good to have an art museum opened on Sunday after-noons." It may be added that the open-ing of the Art Museum in Boston has not been followed by the opening of places of business. Do the well-to-do who have their libra-ries and their picture galleries at home find it necessary to veil the pictures and turn the key on the bookcases in order to preserve the sacredness of the Sabbath ? ŠChristian Union. What Only Is Necessary. NOT without carefulness would I wish to imply inconsistency in the conduct of ministers engaged in so-called National Reform work. It is too grave a matter to lie brought against those who in the na-ture of things should have our greatest love and respect, standing as they do be-tween the living and the dead. But without making, at this time, a charge let me specify a few things in the doctrine and action of ministers active in National Reform, and ask most earnestly how they may be reconciled. We are taught that men are saved, if at all, by faith. We listen week after week to this statement. No one would think of preaching it any other way, be-cause it has become a thing universally accepted by clergy and hearers. Yet if men are saved by faith what only is nec-essary but to give them a chance to be-lieve ? If you are logical, and stick to the text, can you, dare you, do more than to tell the truth about God as regards man ? Those who believe it, well for them. Those who do not what more can be done for them ? If you have shown them the great love of God toward man as mani-fested and explained in Christ, and they  fail to be moved to accept such a desirable thing as salvation, is there any other re-sort ? If they do not believe what you have said how shall they be saved ? Is it true that in this land where Bibles and churches are had, that some have not had an opportunity to believe ? Will they have more opportunity to hear the story when the National Reform plan is in op-eration ? Does not the awful fact come out here that men have heard but not believed nor acted upon the truth ? And this terrible state of things is supposed to constitute the necessity of a reform not in the hearts and consciences of individuals but at the national head. But if it is right to preach the gospel to every creature, and " he that believeth shall be saved," is it not wrong to go further than that, and :effect organizations using other means than teaching, or are these two methods 'both right ? If the latter is true why is 'no intimation given of it in the Script-ures ? Again, you preach from the text, "And I, if I be lifted up, will draw all men unto 'me." None of you ever explain this any other way than that Jesus lifted up on ,the cross would draw all classes of men to him by the amazing instance of love and pity shown in a man suffering death to save them. If this has now failed to longer touch the hearts of the multitude, can the servants of the suffering man do more or aught but weep over such degra-dation of all lovely and beautiful things that ever were wont to dwell in the human breast? If the hearts that should be flesh 'are turned to stone, and no longer grow warm and heave and then break with looking at and believing in the sacrifices of their elder brother, how is the remedy to be sought in the erection of a cold na-tional image of stone, however much of a god 'it may become ? If we leave the trodden paths marked by Christ and his company to follow those unused by them we may fear that some-thing is radically wrong. We see in a great and powerful national organization things that appeal to the selfishness of men. The pomp, the supposed glory, the delusive temporal benefits are all a part of it. Should not such things make us afraid ? Here are two indications of the same kind ; first, . this political organiza-tion is not at all like the manner of Christ or his apostles. Second, it has within it the elements of selfishness, which it is possible may be the actuating principle. But such a manner of stating it becomes too tame when we consider the numerous examples of false religions seeking to be perpetuated in precisely the manner now proposed. Who can but feel a thrill of indignation that any one with the pages of history before him could propose such a thing ? No matter with what subtle variations or prestige of promoters the plan comes, it is the same that has made the past red with blood. Who shall be able in a fitting manner to lament the day when the fairest among the nations, the one that came nearest laying her foundation stones in the beauty of truth, and acquired an impetus of bless-ings from on high thereby, shall so far forget her God as to look to an idol ? Who would not much rather wait on the side of truth and of Him who meekly taught the sinful woman at the well in Samaria, than to go with a multitude to do that which is wrong ? Who will stand with Truth now, when she is about to retire from the field apparently defeated by the powerful foe, to prove who are her loyal adherents ? W. S. RITCHIE. The Spirit of It. THE Sunday Advocate sneeringly re-marks, that it is " only seven-tenths of one per cent," who believe in keeping Saturday, and argues that the smallness of this minority renders it no bar to a law ,compelling the observance of Sunday. But it continues : " What difference does it make if such a few as that are impris-oned ? for if they can't think and inter-pret the Bible the same as the dominant Church they ought to go to jail." We recommend this dose, taken as often and as long as necessary, to those suffer-ing under the supposition that there is no religious intolerance in this country that would proceed to extremes if it had the power. Such a supposition is one of the most complete delusions. An American citizen who indulges it is asleep on guard. Yes, let them go to jail if they don't believe as the majority believe. But the Advocate is consistent. If we are to have the State take hold of religion, the logical consequence is imprisonment, and for the incorrigible execution. It was the clear sight of this inevitable consequence that led the Patriot from the first to speak out against the Bible in the public schools. Every attempt to give the State any con-trol of religion or religious matters, is the attempt of the shadow of the Middle Ages to darken and curse our land. Whether understood or not, it has but one object, one logical end, the destruction of that freedom of action by which man is crea-tively endowed, to accept the good, reject the evil, or the reverse. It is one of the greatest of our present dangers, one of the darkest of our future prospects. The passage of laws dealing directly or indi-rectly with religious questions, is being urged with a vehemence and, not religious but irreligious frenzy, that speaks in notes of unmistakable warning as to what mi norities may expect, should this frenzy become the ruling passion in the land. Every citizen should raise his voice and use his vote against this threatening power of persecution and thralldom.ŠPatriot. "Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world." 