TI=TV AMERICAN 8RNTINTEL,. 43 " We have been subject of late to an educational craze in which we have for-gotten and overrun the limits of American principles;  both in the matter of attempting the teaching of religion by the State and of teaching the higher sciences by the State, with both of which, in my opinion, the State has nothing to do. It has no right to be teaching the higher education.. The best thing that could be done with. the Normal CollegeŠand I hope President Hunter is here to hear meŠwould be to turn it into a grand central police station. The best thing that could be done with the College of the City of New YorkŠand I wish. GeneralWebb was hereŠwould be to turn it into a prison for boodlers. I think we have no more right to instruct freely the children of all citizens in the higher mathe-matics and:  the calculus and philosophy than we would have to tax the people to give each child a thousand dollars to set him. up in business. And on the same democratic, American principle I think that half of what is done in the public schools could be .done away with. The only argument for schools established by the Government at all is to make citizens able to understand what, our Government is. In other words, we should only teach Ł children in the public, schools to read, to write, to cipher, and to know what the American Constitution is, That should be the entire curriculum in the public schools. Beyond that we have no right to go. "We have :get into an educational craze in this matter, ,and' the way to get out of it is to limit .41.6work,of the State to where it belongs. Weittiould no, more expect to teach religion in the public schools than to teach it in a mechanics' institute for the learning of a technical trade. We have many excellent organizatiOns for benevolent work )that are not concerned with the subject of religion. Are these benevolent institutions atheistic or irrelig-ious,? It is not the business of the State to teach religion. It is the business of the Church. The State teach religion ? I want the State to get a little religion first. Of course, if we are to have religion taught by the State in this democratic country, We shall have it taught by the local gov- ernment. We cannot take a single step in the, teaching of religion without injury. We, have no right in this country, which °invites all persons of all creeds, to set up one of our religious notions as against the religious notions that any one else may honestly, hold. Just as far as we do it just so far we encroach on the stability which- is the basis of our Government. " The State has no right to go further than to teach the simplest branches of education. The whole curriculum can be gone through with in three years, and when we  limit public education., to that, we shall solve this problem which has been agitating, and is. agitating us, and will continue to agitate us. We must learn  that in our public schools we must rec-ognize the rights of all." There were about two hundred and fifty or three hundred people present, and al-though there were quite a number who were in favor of the idea of religion in the schools, it was easy to see that the great majority were decidedly against it; which, we were very glad indeed to see. There is one point, however, that is of consider-able importance. Dr. Strong is secretary of the Evangelical Alliance of America. He is fully committed to a union of Church and State, and, as far as in him lies, he commits the Alliance with its influence and its methods, to the same things wher- ever he can. A. T. J. Ł Ł National Reform Work in Cincinnati. January 20, 21, there was held in the city of Cincinnati, a "Christian Conven-tion," to consider "what can and ought to be done to save our land from the rising tide of vice and immorality." While os-tensibly, held in response to a call signed by eighty-two persons, .of whom seventy-three were ministers, the fact that not one in ten of these persons were present, and that the convention was presided over by Rev. J. M. Foster, secretary of the Na-tional Reform Association, and attended by such men, as Rev. Sylvester Scovel, Rev. D. McAllister, and Rev. W. F. Crafts, shows it to have been held in the interests of the National Reform move-ment. The real work of the convention, apart from a two-days' exhibition of oratory and sophistry, is` ''expressed in the following preamble and reSolutions which were unanimously adopted and will in due time be presented before the Legislature at Columbus;---- It must be admitted that God, the Supreme law-giver and Judge, is the source of all civil authority and will surely punish all who persistently dispise his authority; as he has declared in his word. 'The Nation and kingdom that will not serve me shall perish; yea, those nations shall be utterly wasted.' A truth time and again recognized by the early statesmen of our Government, by our legislators and by Congress as late as 1863, when the Senate of the United States resolved that devoutly recognizing the authority and just government of Almighty God in all the affairs of men and nations, and sincerely,  believing that no people, however strong in the justness of their cause, can prosper without his favor. This convention is fully convinced that vice, morality and crime in any community destroy its happiness and material prosperity, and it is equally true of States and nations, and since a disregard of the Sabbath and other moral laws of GodŠlaws which belong to the State as well as the churchesŠis one of the factors in promoting these vices, im-moralities and crimes, we regard it as of the utmost importance that the States, in the interest of good government and the prosperity of the people, should especially protect the Sabbath as a day of rest ; therefore, Resolved, That our Constitution and laws should be freed from all ambiguities which obscure their meaning and thereby give encouragement to the practice of vice and crime and render it difficult to enforce the penalties of violated laws, Resolved, That the laws on our statute-books in reference to protecting the Sabbath as a rest day should be faithfully enforced all the more as they are in the interest of the whole people. Resolved, That this convention hereby petitions the General Assembly of Ohio to amend the laws relating to our police court juries so as to bring them into line with the laws selecting juries for out county courts. Resolved, That this convention cannot but repro-bate in the strongest terms the disregard of the sanctity of the judicial oath and the principles which have heretofore made trial by jury the bul- wark of personal liberty, by juries, which, contrary to admitted evidence of guilt, have, nevertheless, acquitted culprits because they did not approve of the laws which they had violated. A glance at some of 'the papers read will suffice to show the spirit in which these resolutions were conceived, and the sophis-try of the arguments employed. The paper read by Judge M. B. Hagans was a prominent feature of the first day's programme. He started out to consider the subject of "The Civil Sabbath," but soon branched off into history, carrying his hearers back 2,500 years to the time of Nehemiah, and thereby surprised the thinking portion of his audience, who must have wondered what Nehemiah or anyone else living in his time knew about a " civil " Sabbath. He referred to the action of Nehemiah in closing the gates of Jerusalem on the Sabbath day and threat,  ening to lay hands on Sabbath desecrators, Šan argument having no possible bearing upon the subject of a " civil" Sabbath, since Nehemiah did this, not to protect the poor laboring men from the slavery of their Sabbath toil, but to enforce the ob-servance of the Sabbath as a religious in-stitution, lest, they bring more wrath upon Israel by profaning the Sabbath. It is to the religious side of the question that the advocates of a " civil " Sabbath always gravitate in their arguments. Judge Hagans needs to be informed that we are not now living under a theocracy, and have no one to stand in the place of Ne-hemiah, unless we concur with Mr. Crafts in the idea that "the preachers are the suc-cessors of the prophets,"Ša theory which it would greatly stretch the credulity of most of us to accept. The idea that the Sabbath should be en-forced because it has a place in the common law of the land, was another boomerang which the Judge hurled at the opposers of a "civil Sabbath." Did the Puritans, from whose legislative efforts our Sunday laws have descended, enact those laws in the interests of a "civil Sabbath" ? Did the Church of England, from which the Puri-tans obtained their legislative ideas ever do this ? Did the Roman Catholic Church, from which the Church of England sprang, ever demand legislation in regard to a, " civil " Sabbath ? Everybody knows bet-ter. Our Sunday laws are the relics of an age when Church and State were united, and Sunday was enforced as a religious institution, and this stamps them as re-ligious laws, appropriately included in our 