THE AMERICAN SENTINEL& ing only such gods as they make themselves, whose gods only derive their majesty from men and have only such as men give them ; the other, recognizing a living and self-existent God yet usurps his authority and his prerogative. The government of the United States, with which that of all the States Should be put in harmony, is distinct from both these and by its Constitution absolutely forbidding religious tests, and religious legislation, stands in harmony with the word of Jehovah, the living and true God, the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Saviour of sinners, whose majesty is his own, eternal and infinite, and never can be derogated from ; and who can deal with offenders without any of the jury-meddling mediumship of - earthly govern- ments. A. T. J. The Puritan Theocracy. MR. JOHN Fisic has lately published a book on the "Beginnings of New England, or the Puritan Theocracy in its Religious and Civil Liberty." He well and abundantly shows what it would seem no one in these days should be disposed to deny, that is, that " the faults of the Puritan theocracy, which found its most complete development in Massachusetts, .are so glaring that it is idle to seek to palliate or ex-plain them away," and that the aim of the ,Puri-tans "in corning to Massachusetts was the con-struction of a theocratic State which should be to Christians under the New Testament dispensation all that the theocracy of Moses and Joshua and Samuel had been to the Jews in Old Testament days." Pp. vi and 146. Such truths, however, are not acceptable to some Calvinists even at this day. The Interior objects to this and criticises &dry. citerdreilediettlith*olthe Ilatiefeffa., monument a short time ago at Plymouth, and says that in that, " no such ideas found expression or even an indorsement by implication," and that "further and more definitely the orator at the dedication took issue with the historian by declar-ing that these devout emigrants did not believe in a theocratic State any more than a secularized church." The orator referred to was the Hon. W. C. P. Breckinridge, member of Congress from Ken-tucky and a member of the Presbyterian Church.' The Interior quotes from the orator the follow-ing words :Š " No historian has given to those who first suffered for the sublime truth, that human freedom was im-possible except by the separation of Church and State, that place of eminence which is by right theirs. This is the truth to which the pilgrim fathers testified. This truth they first brought to America ; this is their true honor; this their fadeless crown. The company `which came over in the Mayflower' was df the Cal-vinistic Protestant Church. Its peculiarity was that it was a separa Ł ' . It was purely English. It di tholic and English Łlhurcli, the English .hural, and- ndame and irrecL ,the whole chtfference rches ief? n, d the at true that they held that the Church is a voluntary spiritual association to be governed only .by the laws of Christ and entirely free as a Church from the domination of the State. But it is not true that they believed or ,held in any way that the State should be free from the domination of the Church, and that is just what makes the half truth. In stating a people's belief in the separation of Church and State, it is not enough to say that they do not believe in the churches being free from the domination of the,  State. To state the whole truth in such a case, it must be said that they do not believe in the domination of the State by the Church. There is a union of Church and State when the Church dominates the State as certainly as there is when the State dominates the Church. And in talking of a theocracy it is not at all a correct expression of a separation of Church and State to say that the Church is free from the domination of the State. Properly speaking, the domination of the Church by the State is not a theocracy. A the-ocracy is only where the religious element domi-nates the civil. And when speaking of a the-ocracy the only correct statement of a belief in the separation of Church and State is to say that it is a belief in the total separation of religious and civil things ; that the religious shall not interfere with, nor control, nor use the civil power for its own purposes in anything. In the line of its own criticism and of the aboVe thought of the orator, the Interior says :Š " The interference of a temporal ruler with spiritual matters or the holding of a church service under State authority and patronage becomes intolerable to those who have conceived the thought of worshiping God according to the dictates of their own consciences." That is all true. And in addition to this it is also true that the interference of a spiritual ruler with civil matters, or the holding of State service under Church authority and direction, is intoler-able to those who have conceived the thought of worshiping God according to the dictates of their own consciences, as well as to those who have conceived the thought of not worshiping God at all. The truth of this whole subject is expressed in these three sentences: The State dominating re-ligion and using religion for State purposes is the pagan idea. Religion denominating the State and using the civil power for religious purposes is the papal idea. The total clear-cut and distinct separation of religion and the State, as the United States Constitution has it, is the Christian idea. A. T. J. What Next in the Fight for Religious Liberty? NEW and startling 'developments in the work of thos3 whose efforts threaten the religious lib-erty of our Nation, tell us that they do not think for a moment of giving over the struggle as long as they have a single opponent in the field. They are tireless in their exertions and free with their means, to secure influence and patronage. Every expedient within their reach is being util-ized to the furtherance of their ends. First, they send a general agent into every ,State and Territory,-to work up conventions, to Which the local clergy are invited and there in-structed. These, in turn, go to their respective churches, and work up the matter, by organizing cal societies. The members of these societies not only expected to sign a petition to Con-for a Sunday-Rest bill, but are also expected  to interest all others in that work by putting reading matter into their hands. This is the work they have been engaged in since Congress adjourned last March. Their activity in the matter shows that they do not con-sider their cause a hopeless one, by any means. On the other hand, their earnestness means that when Congress assembles the coming winter, they intend to be fully organized for effective work, and to have many millions of petitions to Con-gress in behalf of a Sunday bill. When Congress adjourned last spring, the friends of the Blair bill sent out the following: "Congress has adjourned, but not without giving the petitioners a good omen, by ordering the pub-lication of 42,000 copies of the hearing upon it. . . . The gathering of signatures and indorse- ments to the petitions should not be abated in the least." From this it is plain that instead of feel-ing that their previous work was a failure, they believe it was a success, and are working with might and main to be prepared to carry the matter through the coining session of Congress. More than this, Mr. Crafts said in the presence of the writer this summer, that Mr. Blair had consented to revise his rest bill and make it more stringent, according to the request of the friends of the bill, and that when it came up again, it would be more in accordance with their minds. The writer also heard Mr. Blair say that all the testimony taken last winter for and against his bills would be available in the next Congress. These things are stated to show the reader that none of the friends of that measure consider the Sunday bill dead. Many of the leading politicians of the country are of the opinion that a special session of Con-gress will be called next November. This is one month earlier than it usually meets. In this case— the friends of Sunday legislation will be on hand fully organized;  and have a bill brought up as early in the session as they can, and then stay by to push it as fast as possible. This is the end they are working to, and the friends of religious liberty ought to be on the alert to enlighten the masses, and check as far as possible such move- ments. J. 0. CORLISS. The Method of Manliness. FRANCIS MURPHY, of Pittsburg, is one of the greatest of the temperance apostles of our day. From a recent address we quote this passage: "It is time for the church of God to pause and cease running to the Legislature to save them from their sins. Acts of the Legislature, like Moses, always die within sight of the promised land. This is an age of reason, of thought, of education. A man who doesn't drink liquor because he can-not get it does not deserve any praise. A man who does not steal because he has no opportunity deserves no praise as an honest man. Every brave man who has stood up under the sky has been developed in the face of great temptation." It is singular indeed th at there should be per-sons of intelligence who suppose that temperance is the restraint of law, not self-control.ŠOregonian. THE warlike notes are not sung by Rev. M A. Gault only. At the Washington Sunday-law Con-vention, Rev. T. A. Fernley exclaimed, "White there is breath in our bodies, and a drop of blood in our veins, we will never give up the Sabbath [Sunday]." And these are the professed leaders of the followers- of Him who., teaches all his disciples -6!) be meek and lowly. 