248 A.IVIII5LIE CAN SibiNFICITN-101-40 VOL. 8, No. 31. NEW YORK, AUGUST 3, 1893 Ear" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. AT Porthcawl, a Welsh watering place, a house owner only rents on condition that his tenants shall " draw no water from the pumps on Sunday." THE saying that "the majority should rule" is true only of those matters which come properly within the sphere of civil government. But religious questions are outside that sphere, not by constitutional guarantee, merely, but by the law of our being which makes us individually respon-sible to the Creator. IT is now charged that the Mormons have raised a fund of $1,000,000, with which they propose to buy Statehood for Utah. Well, why not ? The other National Reformers less than a year ago induced Congress to engage in wholesale bribery of the Coumbian Exposition in the in-terests of Sunday sacredness; if now the Mormons bribe Congress, who can con-demn them ? Not the Sunday boomers, surely. THE closing of the World's Fair is at last an accomplished fact; but from a moral standpoint it is a barren victory to the churches that worked so hard for it. It is true that they now try to make it appear that the failure of Sunday-closing is an evidence of the great regard that the masses have for Sunday ; but it is nothing of the kind. By threats of polit-ical boycott and by tricks unworthy of any but ward politicians, the Sunday managers secured the closing of such a large part of the Fair that few cared to go on Sunday ; and thus by their own act they made impossible a free expres-sion of the sentiments of the people regarding the day. Had the Fair been opened on Sundays just as on other days, and had no special influence been brought to bear on exhibitors to induce them to cover their exhibits on that day, and then the people had refused to attend in paying numbers, it would indeed have been evi-dence of great popular regard for Sunday; but under the conditions created for the occasion it proves nothing, except that people do not propose to pay full price for less than half a show. THE Moon, a newspaper printed in Battle Creek, Mich., has in- its issue of July 19, this item of news :Š The Second Baptist Church of Battle Creek will hold a jubilee meeting on the fair grounds in Mar-shall next Sunday, for the benefit of the new  church. The meetings will begin at 10 o'clock A. m. The best musical talent will be present. There will be plantation melodies and songs and instrumental music. The sermon on " A Damned Hot Day " will be preached at 2:30 o'clock P. M. Admission ten cents. The Moon makes no comment, and it seems that none is needed. Such things make it very apparent that regard for Sunday as a sacred day is not in all the thoughts of the Sunday church managers ; they know that it is no better than any other day; what they want is a monopoly of the day for their own purposes. If the World's Fair was filling their coffers, they would to a man be clamoring for Sunday opening, and instead of preach- ing about a single profanely hot day, they would be denouncing against all who opposed them the terrors of an uncom-fortably warm " orthodox " eternity. THE Ranch, Pueblo, Col., publishes the following " prayer," delivered by Chap-lain Peck, of the Colorado Senate, at the opening of that body, January 6:Š We pray for the Republican majority. Upon it rests the responsibility of the legislation that shall pass this house. Grant wisdom unto these men sent up by the people to make laws for the com-monwealth. May they profit by the experience of the past and learn wisdom from the records of the last legislature, for if they do not make a better record than it made they will not have a majority of even one at the next election. And thou halt taught us to pray for our enemies. We pray for these democrats and populists. They wanted all the offices, but the republicans were one too many for them, and they got none. It was a bitter pill for them to swallow. Now we pray that they may have grace and resignation to endure their disap-pointment and keep sweet. Finally, we pray that the house now being organized and all the offices distributed, these men may forget party lines and legislate for the benefit and happiness of the whole people. Bless them day by day, and may they work as in thy immediate presence. We ask it in Christ's name. Amen. The Ranch very properly says of this " prayer " thatŠ The spirit of levity that characterizes it goes better with a low comedy than a Christian minis-ter in the midst of an intelligent and God-fearing people. The fact that the audience at its conclu-sion laughed and wildly cheered is evidence of the influence it had for evil. Our contemporary's concluding com-ment, which we adopt, is : " We give the prayer in full, to show our readers how just is the disgust we feel." The American Sabbath Union held its annual mid-summer meeting July 23 and 24. Rev. Dr. George S. Mott, acting president of the American Sabbath Union, presided. Addresses were made by Dr. Mott, Rev. J. H. Knowles, Anthony Com-stock, and others. After saying that the glory of Sunday closing of the Fair be-longed to the Lord, Secretary Knowles proceded to give it to the American Sab-bath Union. In outlining future work Mr. Knowles said :Š A rare opportunity is afforded to circulate Sab-bath literature during the World's Fair. The American Sabbath Union proposes to do this work as the funds are provided for the purpose, and de- sires to avail itself of the present interest in the Sabbath question to organize a Sabbath associa-tion in every State and territory. At the outset of his remarks, Anthony Comstock said: " The question before us to-night is, ' Who is upon the Lord's side ?' " And to assist in determining this question Mr. Comstock and his co-work-ers want the power of the civil law so that they can force men to be on the Lord's (?) side. Don't they know that the Lord has no more interest in Sunday than in any other day of the week ? that he himself has declared that "the seventh day is the Sabbath " ? THE lie that the Seventh-day Advent-ists are parties to the Clingman suit to compel the 'opening of the World's Fair on Sunday has been again revived in Chi-cago. Seventh-day Adventists defend themselves in the courts when haled be-fore them by others, but they never ap-peal to civil rulers to compel a course of action in accordance with their ideas. The managers of the Fair have decided to close it on Sunday for reasons which are satisfactory to them, and the Advent-ists do not regard it as any of their busi-ness. They would no more try to com-pel the opening of the Fair on Sunday by law than they would invoke the same power to close it on the Sabbath. THE spirit of religious persecution is not dead, but the light of these years withers it when public opinion is focused upon it. If the religious people who clamor for stricter legislation against Sabbath-keepers had their way the Middle Ages would hasten back to smother the world. As it is, such efforts serve to hasten the final down-fall of all such unchristian and bigoted persecutions.ŠSabbath Recorder. BEFORE Christianity can have practically as the National Reformers demand that it shall have, "an undeniable legal basis" in this country, it must be defined; that is, it must be decided what constitutes Chris-tianity; and that definition will be the na-tional-creed just as the Nicene creed was the creed of Rome. " WHY Adventists Work on Sunday," No. 55 of the Sentinel Library, is a 4-page tract, setting forth briefly but clearly the reasons of Seventh-day Adventists for refusing to keep Sunday even when not to do so involves civil penalties. This tract should have a wide circulation wherever this question is being agitated. Price cent. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Si/rtgle copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 80c CC 100 to 249  tl 44 0 44 44 - - 75c CC 29, to 499  44. 44 44 44 " - - - 70c 41.  500 to 999  44 4, CC 4C - - 65c " 1000 or more4C f4 4 6 it ... . - 60, To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 