si-,71gAtiqog 72 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VW,. 6, No. 9. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 26, 1801. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it, may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rille to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. 'DIE Congressional Record reveals the fact that American Sabbath Union peti-tions for the passage of a Sunday law are still being presented to Congress. IT is proposed, to so amend the old Sun-day law of Pennsylvania as to allow the sale on Sunday of cigars and soda water, and to give persons accused of its violation the privilege of trial by jury. The amend-ment 'is meeting bitter opposition, espe-cially the provision for trial by jury. - Ł -11Ł-Ł THE Supreme Court of Illinois has de-Cided that the Salvation Army has a right to parade the streets of Chicago. This is only just. The Salvation Army is not our ideal of a religious organization, but it is certainly justly entitled to the same rights and privileges enjoyed by other organizations. Ł AND now it is seriously proposed to make voting compulsory in this State. What then will those do who have scru-ples of conscience against voting ? Our Reformed Presbyterian friends who think it a sin to vote under our Constitution as it is, should be on the alert or they may find themselves compelled to choose be-tween violating the law and violating their consciences. " THE Sunday civil bill," says the Union Signal, "makes the largest appropriations made in years, footing up $36,000,000." There must be some mistake about this matter. The time may come when there will be a " Sunday " civil bill appropri-ating money for certain purposes, but- no such bill is before this Congress. The bill in question is the Sundry Civil bill. The wish of the good ladies who run the Union Signal, was probably father to the thought that it was a Sunday bill. Ł THE founder of the American Sabbath Union writes to Our Day that It is significant- that the American Secular Union, which held its annual meeting in Ohio, instead of condemning all Sabbath laws, as formerly, asked only for the " repeal and prevention of all laws enforcing the observance of Sunday as a religious institution, -rather than an economic one justified by physiolog-ical and other secular reasons." As there are no Sunday laws that enforce its religious observance, this " plank '-' "nailed on the fog," is waste timber, We would_ like to know.how the Secular. Union is going,  to get around this ? It has admitted the propriety of Sunday laws ou certain grounds, and now it is told that those are the very grounds upon which all Sunday laws now in existence, and all that anybody wants, rest. We think it is about time that the Secular Union revises its de-mands and ceases to encourage Sunday-law hypocrisy by catering to the so-called " civil Sabbath," which at best is only a religious institution masquerading in civil garb for the sake of power that it could not otherwise obtain. WRITING to the Twentieth Century, Jul-ian Hawthorne falls into the common, but inexcusable, error of attributing the burn-ing of witches to the Puritans. The Pu-ritans hanged, but did not burn, persons accused of witchcraft. Only two legal executions by burning ever occurred in this country, and these were not in Massa-chusetts but in New York City, in Colonial times. The victims were negroes accused of a plot to burn the city. " THE sapient Legislature of Illinois," says an exchange, " under the guidance of the Protestant clergy, proposes to make it a penal offence in that State to claim to be Christ, or to be personally divine." The proposed statute is of course aimed at the man Schweinfurth, who has, for sev-eral -years, claimed to be Christ, and has secured quite a following. It is, however, a matter which the State has no right to touch, and we doubt not that should the Legislature pass any such bill the Supreme Court of the State would declare it un-constitutional. - 4. Ł ACCORDING to the ." Pearl of Days," Sunday is kept by the mass of the people of Victoria, British Columbia, notwith-standing the fact that saloons are in some cases open, and that railway and steamer excursions are frequent. The churches are well attended and the Young Men's Christian Association is said to be doing a good work. All of which goes to show that Sunday keeping depends more upon the moral and religious tone of the people than upon the operation of civil laW. IN an article in Our Day, for January, Rev. W. F. Crafts says :Š The case of a Seventh-day Adventist, arrested for working upon the Sabbath, is going up from this State [Tennessee] to the United States Supreme Court, with Hon. Don M. Dickinson for attorney. There is little chance for question that a State has the power to forbid all persons to work on the rest-day, but it would seem to be a harmless kindness to except private work, not trade, by those who keep another day. And that is all that Mr. Crafts has to say deprecating a most palpable violation of natural rights. The persecution of seventh-day Christians, with him, is simply the withholding of a "harmless kindness" ! Mr. Crafts and all who are of his way of thinking should remember that what was - formerly thankfully accepted as religious toleration is now demanded as a religious right. A free people, not only seventh-day Christians but non - Christians, should spurn such " harmless kindness," and de-mand their God-given and inalienable rights ! -Ł-ŁŁŁŁ-Ł IT seems that there is scarcely any limit to the beneficent (?) uses to which a Sunday law can be put. In Tennessee the Sunday law is used to persecute con-scientious observers of the seventh day. In New York, and elsewhere, it has been turned to account by corrupt officers as a convenient means of levying blackmail upon saloon keepers. The following item from the World shows that the law has not yet been exhausted, but is still a power in the hands of shrewd and thrifty offi-cers :Š "Policeman Power, of the Madison street station, arraigned Samuel Posner, a tailor, of No. 131 Division street, at the Essex Market Police Court, yesterday, on a charge of keeping his store open Sunday. The tailor said in explanation that the police-man rapped on the door, and on his plea that he wanted to purchase a coat to wear on Sunday, he admitted him. The police-man had picked out an eighteen dollar coat, and the tailor said that the policeman wanted to beat him down to nine dollars. Upon his refusal, he arrested him. Justice Murray held the tailor for trial." INTEREST in Bible reading, if not in Bible study, will be increased by the reading of " Letters from the Holy Land," No. 5, of the " Young People's Library." The book, whose author writes from per-sonal knowledge and observation, is, as the "publisher's note" says, "replete with interesting information and illustrations of oriental life," and will be read with interest by both old and young. An ap-pendix on the " Geography of the Holy Land" adds much to the value of the book. Price, post-paid, in cloth, 50 cents, in paper covers, 25 cents. Address, Pa-cific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York, or Oakland, California. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, _ DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil  and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly, opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each,  90c, In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - The. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York, 