134 AID/MIMI CAW VoL. 11, No. 17. this divine Sabbath, will find rest and re-freshment which the world knows not of. The Sabbath of the LordŠthe seventh day, blessed and hallowed by the CreatorŠgives perfect rest, as it was designed to do by its Author. The confusion, unrest, and strife, which pertain to the question of Sabbath ob-servance in the world to-day, would cease at once if men would but observe the Sabbath God has given. But nothing else can come from the effort to establish the man-made sabbath in the place of that which is divine. THE PURPOSE OF THE "LAW." THE following, recently printed in the Leamington Post, a paper published in Essex County, Ontario, shows very plainly the pur-pose of the amendment to the so-called Lord's day act of that Province:Š Speaker's Chamber, Legislative Assembly, Toronto, April 3rd, 1896. To . , Esq., Blytheswood: MY DEAR Sin,ŠI have been finally enabled to get a bill through the legislature prohibiting farmers from working on the sabbath day. I trust this will have the effect desired in regard to the second Adventists who have been giving some annoyance in your neigh- borhood. Yours respectfully, W. D. BALFOUR. As " the intent of the law-makers is the law," there can be no question as to the " law" for Sabbatarians in Ontario. They must observe the legal " sabbath" or suffer for it. Bigotry has so decreed and legislators have so voted. THE BARBER SUNDAY LAW UPHELD. THE New York State Court of Appeals, in session at Albany, affirmed, April 14, the decision of the lower court in the case of the people vs. Henry J. Havener, a barber of New York City, who was convicted of keeping open his shop on Sunday during prohibited hours. The " law " covering the case pro-vides that barber shops in New York City and S Iratoga may be kept open on Sundays until 1 o'clock P. m., but those in all other places must be closed the entire day. The court was divided on the case, three jadges sustaining the " law," and two holding it to be unconstitutional. The opinions of the two dissenting judges, Gray and Bartlett, are not based upon the principle of religious freedom. As quoted by the New York Sun, of April 15, Judge Gray said: " Regarded as an exercise of police power it cannot be justi-fied as either necessary for the good of society or as conducive to its welfare; and it is violative of constitutional principles in that it restrains unduly and unequally the liberty of those engaged in a lawful business." In other words, the "law " is, in his opinion, class legislation, and therefore unconstitu-tional. Judge Bartlett holds a similar view, but in referring to the decision of the court, says that the court has very properly held that the "Christian sabbath" is one of the civil institutions of the State, and that the legis-lature may regulate its observance and prevent its desecration. Thus he dissents from the lesser injustice, while upholding the far greater one of religious legislation. The principle which should have been rec-ognized is that any Sunday " law " is class legislation, since it is passed in the interests of a certain class of the peopleŠthose who keep Sunday and want others to keep itŠand against the interests of that class who regard Sunday as merely a working day. If this plain and vital fact be ignored, it is useless  to oppose the " law " on other grounds. The battle for freedom will never be permanently gained while the principle of Sunday legisla-tion is allowed to stand. This decision adds one more prop to the legal support of the Sunday sabbath. And when Sunday observance is fully established in the civil " law," the civil liberty of the people will be at an end. We are fast nearing the time when the dividing line will be drawn between moral freemen and moral slaves. +I Ł  THE PROPOSED SUNDAY REST LAW FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. DISCUSSING the proposed Sunday "law" for the District of Columbia, Mr. Allen Moon, President of the International Religious Lib-erty Association, says in the Washington Star of the 8th inst:Š " I and a multitude of others are compelled to dissent from the views presented by the Rev. Dr. Elliott. I am pleased to know that the gentleman agrees with me on so many points presented in my former letter. I take it that he agrees with me on all points not controverted. But how he can find in the expression Sundays excepted' a recognition of Sunday, and a precedent for enacting Sun-day laws,' is rather difficult to conceive. The Constitution nowhere says the President shall rest on Sunday, nor does it say that Congress may enact that the President shall rest on Sunday, nor that he shall not sign any bill on Sunday, but simply in the count of days Sunday shall be a dies non. . . . There is a wide difference between Congress legislating that every man shall observe a sab-bath and leaving him free to do that which may be, and is with many, a matter of faith. " The Declaration of Independence asserts that men have inalienble rights, and that governments are instituted to secure these rights, not to invade them. The conven-tion that framed the Constitution had a per-fect right to adjourn over Sunday, but by this act it did not obligate Congress to compel all men to follow its example in observing the day. The individual members of the conven-tion might be believers in the Sunday institu-tion and regard it for themselves, but it would have been tyranny for them to have enforced their religious practice upon the people of the nation. " It is a sufficient answer to Dr. Elliott's question as to whether the District govern-ment did enact sectarian laws to say that no human government is infallible, and laws have been enacted, even in this land of liberty, that have resulted in sending Christian men to prison and the chain-gang for no crime whatever, except that they had violated the religious sentiment of the people that had been enacted into law. " The chief object of the pending bill is to get Congress committed in favor of the reli-gious sentiment of the people as regards the Sunday institution. Let us see how this bill would affect the liberty of the whole commun-ity. After the prohibitions of the bill, the second section provides that it shall be a sufficient defense to a prosecution for servile labor on the first day of the week that the defendant uniformly keeps another day of the week as a day of rest. There is no guarantee that the man who observes another day shall not be arrested on Sunday and locked up until Monday, and then be brought before the court to make a defense. I want to ask, is it in harmony with liberty that American citizens and Christians should thus be subjected to arrest and arraignment, and be compelled to  prove that they observe another sabbath, in order to be exempt from the operations of a religions law ? And also ' that the labor complained of was done in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in the observance of the first day of the week as a day of rest.' When people have a law in their favor they will be disturbed, if they haN e to turn detective and go spying into windows to see if they cannot find something to disturb them, as several gentlemen have reported hav-ing done the last few Sundays past. This is not the worst feature of this clause, for there is no provision whatever for the man who has no religious convictions. If he cannot set up the defense provided for in the bill, he must meekly submit and keep the re-ligious day, whether he will or not. There is no liberty in it; it is monopoly. We must not be disturbed; the State must protect us in every minutia, is the spirit of this measure. I am a Christian, but I believe that the God-given right of every man is inalienable. " The bill being religious and only reli-gious, it follows conclusively that Congress is postively forbidden by the first amendment to have anything at all to do with it, for that such is the intent of the first amendment is evident from the following consideration: Amid the discussion and the interesting and important events that immediately preceded and, in fact, led up to the making of the Constitution as it is as respects religion, this whole question was widely discussed, and James Madison published these weighty words: We hold it for a fundamental and undeniable truth that religion or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by rea-son and conviction, not by force or violence. The religion, then, of every man must be left to the conviction and conscience of every man, and it is the right of every man to exercise it as these may dictate.' For these and other reasons we protest against the proposed Dis-trict Sunday bill." INFANT CRIMINALS. [New York World, April 12.] WHAT is the meaning of the prevalent epidemic of precocious crime ? What are its causes ? One day we read of a band of boy train-wreckers up the State, another day of a band of boy burglars in the wholesale district of the city. In Jersey City' even little Mamie Timothy turns highwayman and robs smaller children, and her ten-year-old brother John breaks jail twice in a day. On Fifth ,Avenue eleven-year-old George Farrell and two companions hold up and rob two full-grown women. Even a police captain in New York is imposed on by a boy criminal. Ina single day we have the stories of a boy firebug of thirteen years of age, of an eight-year-old thief and of two others aged sixteen and seventeen respectively. It is not pleasant to think that the natural explanation of the existence of this evil is one which holds out no promise of relief from it. Children get their ideas of right and wrong from their surroudings, and largely from parental influence, and the laws of New York and of all adjoining States are doing as much as lies in their power to confuse all the natural ideas of right and wrong in the minds of those who are most exposed to , temptation. Such harmless actions as getting shaved on Sunday or selling a pint of milk or giving away a sandwich are now solemnly proclaimed by the laws of New York to be crimes. Ł . 