88 AMERICAN" - SENTINEL.  the German princes signed the famous protest .which said to the mperOr Charles V:Š "If you do not yield to our request, we protest by these presents, before God, our only Creator, preserver, Redeemer, and Ł Saviour, and who will one day be our Judge, as well as before all men and all creatures, that we, for us and for our people, neither consent nor adhere in any manner whatsoever to the proposed decree, in any thing that is contrary to God, to his Holy Word, to our right conscience, to the salvation of our souls, and to the last decree of Spires." In the Declaration of Independence and the Constitu-tion of the United States, these principles have found their most perfect practical expression; and in this coun-try the church las enjoyed the most perfect liberty and the greatest prOsperity of all modern times. And here, as in Rome, prosperityhas sapped spirituality. Humility I has given place to pride, arrogance has taken the place of meekness, and the pro -tes -taut of yesterday hag be-come the persecutor of to-day. Denominations which only a century ago demanded religious liberty for them7  selves are to-day besieging Congress for legislation ut-terly subversiVe of soul liberty. The popular churches boast that they hold Congress in their hands, and they seem disposed to use their power for their own aggran-dizement. Would to God that they might even yet learn anew the lesson that Christ's work is to give liberty to the captives; not to imprison men in dungeons of granite and iron, but to set them free from the fetters of sin and selfishneSs. C. P. B. The Law of God and the Law of the Nation. BY GEO. M. BROWN. ALL Christians agree that the law of God is the rule by whidh the lives of men should be governed, and that one of the precepts of the Christian religion is obedience to the civil power in the realm of civil affairs as it speaks through national law; but it will doubtless be a surprise to some to learn that national law is God's law, and "that society'with its rights and its institutions is of di-vine mold:" These astonishing ideas are however held by many and were advanced by one of the foremost men in the Roman Catholic Church in America. At the annual banquet of the Cleveland, 0. Chamber of ComMerce, May 14, 1897; Archbishop Ireland, in his response-to the toast, "The Sure Foundation of a True Citizenship," is reported to have said, "Whence will come to DemocraCy the Potency Of immortality? With-rever- ence I prOttounce the wOrdŠconscionce. Conscience ruling, Americans will be a law-abiding people; for right-eousness cOtrimanda obedience to law and proclaims that the lawbitlie nation fs the laW of the supreme governor of men and of nationsHIlthighty God. Americans will respect therights of their feiloW citizens; conscience bids  them know thatno one lives for himseif alone, and that society with itSrights and its institutions is of diVilie mold." It will be noticed that according to the archbishop's idea the law of the nation is the law Of God; and right-eousnessright7doing=e6mmancls obedience to this law: Thus the person who refuses to yield obedience to the law becomes not only a criminal, but a sinner who does not follow the dictates of conscience; and thereby becomes a menace to the immortality of our democracy. All can see that the idea advanced is one longheld by Rome,Šthat the church and state should be united, and that the former should dominate the latter. The sur-prising thing is that our nation,.a professedly Protestant power, should have reached a place where one high in the councils of the Roman Church dares publicly to declare that its laws are the laws of God and that all are in co/IL science bound to obey them. ' When such bold declarations are pUbliely ma6, surely it must be that Rome is confident of her position and be-lieves that she can dictate in the enactment and enforce-ment of our national laws. In the face of these things liberty-loving men of every creed and political faith should rally to the defense of the liberties purchased by the untiring efforts of the founders. of this government. If society with its institutions, which are manifestly of the world, is of divine mold, then the Apostle John was sadly in the dark when he said that the things of the world "are not of the Father." 1 John 1:15-17. Many years ago the NationalReform party expressed their willingness to unite with the Roman Church on any-basis that the latter would propose. It is evident that there is nothing to prevent this union now. Reader, pause and consider. Which side will you take in this matter? Do you agree that national law is God's. law and that society with its institutions is of divine mold? or do you stand for the infinite superiority of God's law over all other law and pledge obedience to it without regard to the laws of civil governments whichŁ are many times framed to favor the rich and oppress the. poor? Fond du Lac, Wis. EPISCOPAL BISHOP NICHOLSON, of Milwaukee, Wis.,. has come out with a protest in the name of the church against the practice of referring to the naming of war-ships as "christenings." ChriStening, he holds, means. coming to Christ; its use in connection with ships is blas-phemy, and he would not be,  surprised to, hear that the battleship "Kentucky" had gone down by reason of the-profanation. , The bishop says nothing about the coun-try at large, though the majority of ecclesiastics are, ac-customed to take the name of Christ in vain by calling-:the United States a Christian,  nation,. Why should not,  a man-of-war be-christened as. the ship of 'state?. -- Truth Seeker. 