366 THE AMERICAN SENTINELŁ "Assuredly we have many reasons to praise the Giver of all good gifts' for the blessings we enjoy as a nation and as individuals. We are in profound peace, while other nations are preparing for war. We are enjoying unexampled prosper-ity, while other people are struggling for the means of subsistence. Above all, we possess the luxury of liberty tempered by law and justice, while other races are bound by the yoke of tyranny." The logic (granting the Romish premises) is on the side of the pope, but the facts are on the side of the cardinal. The facts ought to rectify the logic, not vice versa; for facts are stubborn and cannot be undone. New Gospel of Paternalism. BOSTON'S latest intellectual movement has taken the form of advanced Socialism, under the inspiration ot "Looking Backward," a novel by Mr. Edward Ballamy, and it is not unlikely that the public discussion of the book in that city will win for it that which the criticism of Mr. Glad-stone achieved for "Robert Elsmere," namely, a wide circle of thoughtful readers. Without the stimulus given by Col. T. W. Higginson, the Rev. M. J. Savage, Mr. William D. Howells, the Rev. Dr. Edward Everett Hale, and others, representing the advanced culture of New England, the book would be valued for whatever literary merit it possessed; the ideas of social revolution of which it is an exponent would not either be entertained or discussed. But when eminent men approve these theories, estab-lish societies for the promulgation of the ideas, and publish a magazine to extend them, it be-comes necessary to examine the theories and see whether or not they stand the test of logical ex-pediency. The theories taught by Mr. Bellamy's book are:. No man shall be better than his neighbor. All who are able to work shall be provided with labor best suited to their capacity, and the pro-ceeds of this toil to be so divided that there shall be equality of income. All competition is to be abolished; individualism is to be suppressed; every citizen shall attend public school until the age of 21; every man shall work until he reaches the age of 40, after which he must be pensioned. There will be no crime, poverty, legislation, or politicians. These and other projects of like nat-ure the author seeks to teach. The whole ques-tion is summed up by Colonel Higginson, who says : "Modern life demands organized business action. There are two great organizations, either one of which can manage it, organized capital or organized government. If this be the real alter-native there is certainly an increasing number of people who would prefer to trust the governdient." This form of Socialism is purely a figment of the imagination. It has no practical worth, and if it could be made to permeate our system would be dangerous to the welfare of society. If the question as to what should control business en-terprise should ever be narrowed down between corporation and government, the former would be the more universally preferred. In all the history of railroad legislation it has been incontestibly demonstrated that the government cannot manage railways successfully and honestly, whereas, un-der the form of corporate co-operation the great-est material triumphs of the age have been achieved. The State has all it can do to transact properly its present functions. Railroads, teleg- raphy, farming, and merchandise should never be managed by the government, and as long as the republic lasts never will be so controlled. But thiS theory of reducing all men to equal condition, can it be made to apply practically to our American life? To begin, what is the reason of our rapid national development? The sim-plest answer that can be given is, The incentive held forth to individual industry, the rewards to be gained and the power to be attained through the medium of these rewards. Even if the law of compulsory education could be enforced so that each individual was possessed of equal educational advantages, the law of nature reveals the fact that some would profit, and others derive little benefit, therefrom. Some would be intelli-gent and others would be more or less fools. Some would lead and others would follow. Some would work and others play, and in a generation or less some would beg and others steal. The theory must not only give all men an equal start, but it must be so fortified as to keep them so, and therein is shown the utter futility of the idea, and that which is intended to cause more equality in the world would work the greatest injustice that righteous men have ever suffered. The intellectual and moral giant would be doomed to the same life as his mental and moral inferior, and deprived of those superior advantages to which he is entitled by every principle of natural equity. The end of it all would be the reduction of mankind to the level of the commonplace; the incentive to human effort would be removed, and society, if obedient to the decrees of the new dis-pensation, would sink into monotonous stagnancy and drift into the dark age of a twentieth cent-ury.Š Oregonian, July 80, 1889. Poor, "Hampered" Rome. IN its issue of November 3, the , Catholic Re-view says:Š " In this land which makes liberty of conscience its fundamental principle, we are hampered in the prac-tice of our religion more than are Catholics in En-gland and her colonies, although there the faith of the nation is professedly hostile to ours." What do Romanists mean by being "ham-pered"? Because the government does not sup-port its parochial schools, Rome is hampered ! Un-til the government declares in favor of the "free-dom" (temporal power) of the pope, that church will deem itself hampered. In short, until the government is entirely moulded by the influence of the church, the latter will no doubt feel 'very much hampered. Here is a specimen wail from the Review:Š " We are obliged to pay double taxes for the educa-tion of our children. Our priests are excluded from many of the prisons and reformatories, and are ad-mitted to others only under restrictions that are gall-ing and unjust. We have no proper appointment of chaplains among the Indian tribes, although many of these wards of the nation profess our faith and could easily be reduced to useful , citizenship under its be- nign influences." Ł The following item especially must be accom-plished before Rome is content, and this end gained will soon appease all other grievances:Š "The Pope must be free l The power he wields is too vast for its free exercise to be permitted by any earthly ruler to whom he may be subject. The united public opinion of the world is probably the means God will use to restore the liberty of his vicar. And the public opinion of America leads and directs that of the earth." The last sentence explains why the pathetic appeal is made through a great Catholic gather-ing on the eve'of a new session of- Congress.  But Rome should take courage ; surely every-thing is rapidly tending toward her desired end. Protestant bodies of almost every shade are mov-ing to open the way fbr religious legislation, which, when mice inaugurated, will open wide the door for Rome to step in and take the helm. The National Reform Association, backed in its various enterprises by nearly every denomination, is asking the Catholics to help it in establishing church domination in the government, and in such a way as -will give Rome the balance of power; politicians in high political station are hobnobbing with Roman dignitaries at every fa-vorable opportunity; and from whatever-stand-point the view may be taken, the outlook is fa-vorable to the progress of papal influence. If the Catholic Church is any less hampered in England and her colonies than in this country, the Church of England and the British lion itself must be well-nigh overcome by the "imprisoned " Leo of Rome. W. N. GLENN. Stealing the Lord's Day. IF a man has lost valuable property by a thief, the loser is the ,first to complain, and the first to seek redress. .Now those in favor of a Sunday law, say that Sunday is the Lord's day; that the laboring classes, pleasure-seekers, etc., are stealing it for their own advantage and grati-fication, and they want a law to make them stop it. If Sunday is the Lord's day, and people are stealing the Lord's property, why not let the Lord be first to 'complain and seek redress? To hear those who favor a Sunday law tell how people who appropriate the day to worldly inter-ests ought to be made to desist, or how those who keep another day ought to be ostracised, one would think that their property had been stolen instead of the Lord's. They seem to forget God is able to care for his own property. But where has the Lord expressed his incapability for so doing, and commissioned civil government to protect his Sabbath by civil law? He has au-thorized civil government to protect life and prop-erty from persons of evil intent; but he has nowhere empowered it to punish its subjects for the non-performance of a duty that they owe to God. He who- uses the Sabbath to advance his self-ish interests is stealing God's time, but is com-mitting no crime against his neighbor or the government; therefore none but God has a right to punish him. E. HELLIARD. Duluth, Minn. -I. Ł 4. The "Angelus." THIS great painting, by Francois Millet, re-cently sold to the N. Y. Art Association for 00,6 hundred and sixteen thousand dollars, is to be re-produced by the S. F. Wasp Publishing Co., and will be presented free to every purchaser (and subscriber) of the great Christmas Holiday Wasp, now in preparation. The picture will be 24x28 in size, illustrated in nine colors and printed on 120-lb. paper. Although the picture could not be purchased for less than $5.00 at the art stores, it will be presented . free with the 'Christmas Wasp, which will be a gorgeous edition of 52 pages, containing 12 full page's of illustrations. The Christmas Wasp, including the great picture, will only cost 25 cents. Leave your orders in ad-vancc with the newspaper agency. 