12,-Anemear2 Ber2h PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE ,P4CIRIC PRESS PUBLISHING e0114DANY, No, 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TII & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7eferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, NOVEMBER 6, 1889. NUMBER 4L EDITORS, ..E. J. WAGGONER, ALoNzo T. JoNEs. UNDER the: heading of " The Puritan Sab-'bath,' M. A.-G. iniiinates that Sunday inateh-- Making is unlawful, and gives as a- reason for the :increase of divorces, "Perhaps too many of these contracts are : made on the Sabbath." When ,therefore our  National Reform friends have ..inadei this a " Christian " (?) nation, we may 4ea*mably expect that Sunday match-making Will become a criminal offense, punishable by fine. :and iinprisonment.Š W., in Prohibition Journal. N Ł Ł THE most important action taken at the con-vention -of the Central Roman' Catholic Society in Cleveland,' was a. decision to encourage the MI-,aaigration of Catholic foreigners-  to the' United - States,: , It is proposed to pay especial attention to farmers, win) will be sent to join the Catholic parishes the West, or they A.611 be banded to-- gether,to form 'new parishes. The-work of colo-nizing the -United States for the purpose ,of the Roman ,Catholic Church, goes bravely on.ŠArner-ica. Christian Witness remarks. that -" There is no peril to religious and political liberty in this country se great as that which popery, by the aid of Jesuits, if not averted, is sure to bring upon us. We may sneer at the possibility of such a result, but the history of the ages supports the supposition, and should arouse the Christian peOple of the nation to the approaching peril. " A living image to a, bad thing is as, bad as the thing-itself. And when degenerate Protestantism advocates measures of the same' nature as those :upon Which "popery" rose and made itself hid-eons for centuries, Why is it not as great a "peril to- religious- and political liberty in this country " as pOpery itself? Peril is a principle, and not Merely a name. Like causes, no matter how ' designated, produce like effects. a- Ł  AN Eastern paper has the following:Š " A former railway commissioner of Iowa, Mr. L. Coffin, has put forth a plea in behalf of railroad :employes which ought to secure attention. Mr. 'Collin especially dwells upon the necessity of secur-ing automatic brakes, and of reserving Sunday as a rest-,day, for employes. "As to Sabbath rest, the demand for-it among rail-Way.  and other employes is increasing, so that it would  seem impossible but that the railroad companies shoUld yield to the-  feeling that the Sab- bath was made for railway employes as well as for other men. We hope practical results will follow Mr. Coffin's praiseworthy efforts. ", - Certainly every man who wants to rest upon Sunday, or upon any other day, should have the privilege of doing 'so ; and why do they not rest? If it was a matter of wages, or of the employment of an obnoxious man, or some Other matter of that kind, the railway employes would find some means Df bringing the companies to terms, but as 'it is we suppose the State will be asked to inter-fere and secure rest for those who want itŠand for everybody else as well: Those who are will-ing -to relinquish their Sunday wages can rest now if they- really want to do so. The Real Object of the Edmunds Amendment. JOSEPH COOK, of the Boston Monday lecture-ship, is the. leading advocate of the Edmunds amendment to the United States Constitution. The topic of the Boston Monday lectures for 1889 is papal demination in AmeriCan schools. This-discussion is professedly in the interests of the public schools, 'but it is in fact only in the in- terests of Protestantism instead of Catholicism in the public schools. It is professedly against a union of Church and State,,but it is in fact only against a union of Roman .Catholicism and the State; while it just as certainly favors a union of Protestantism and the State. It is professedly in favor of American institutions, as against the domination of the Catholic Church ; but it is in fact against American institutions and in favor of Protestant domination in civil affairs. This will - more fully appear as we proceed. Of the amend-ment he says :Š "It covered almost precisely the ground now occu-pied by Senator Blair's proposed amendment, but as its language was perhaps somewhatmore cautious, and as it came so near passing, I quote Senator Edmunds pro-posal as a summary of the highest educational de-mand of the hour." He sayS it contains four great points 1.. " It - prohibits, the establishment- of a State church in any State of the Union." This is true, but, as we have shown, it leads inevitably to the establishment of a State religion by the nation. 2. ," It -forbids the sectarian use of public-school funds by any State or -municipality." But it does not forbid a religious use of public funds by any State or municipality. - 3. " It prevents the formation of sectarian pub- lic schools." But it does not prevent the forma-tion of religious public .schools: 4. " Nevertheless; it guards against the exclu- sion of the Bible from public schools, and so does not establish instruction on a purely secular basis." But it does establish instruction upon a purely religious basis. And all this is the very thing that no' government has a right .to do. The  State that undertakes to teach religion in order to inculcate principles of good citizenship, will fail to secure either religion or good citizenship. Of the prospects of the Edmunds resolution, he says :Š "If the Boston election of last December had occurred a few weeks before this vote in Congress, the neces-sary two-thirds, as I believe, would have been Ob-tained, and the Edmunds amendment might now have been a partof the law of the land, We -must launch -this reform when the waves are running high. There are.many sand-bars, but I believe that to-day in Con-gress there would be a chance for the passage of the Edmunds proposal. Senator Blair's bill covers sub-stantially the same ground and a little more. I should not be sorry to see it passed, but I think it would be more difficult to pass it than it would have been to pass the Edmunds bill." If this prospect is correctly outlined, and- if it be so nearly a practical scheme, which, as a mat-ter of fact, we believe it is, then it is high time that the people of this nation were awaking to the fact, and, as far as possible, making it an im-practicable scheme. - It is probable that the Blair Amendment would be more difficult to pass, because its true intent is more plainly revealed. Mr. Cook indorse the Edmunds resolution be- cause, he says, "It prevents a sectarian division of the school funds." But we should like to know , why it would be any more unjust to divide the,  school fundS amongst the sects than it would be to devote the whole of the school fund bodily to - the benefit of those sects which, united, call them-selves the majority, and proclaim theMselves to be the "evangelicals," even though they include the Mormons in their evangelicalism. For this is just what Mr. Cook's scheme amounts to, and to us it would seem to be just as proper to divide the money amongst the different sects,.as it would to deVote the whole of it to one. Not that we believe for a moment that it should be so divided, nor that it should be so devoted, because the State must have nothing at all to do with the question . of religion, whether in the schools or out of the schools, -but if public money is to be used for -teaching religion, then the only fair way to do is to divide the public money amongst the different denominations according to their respective pop-ulations. Mr. Cook calls attention to the dangers that already threaten the public-school system from political influence. He -says ;Š " Scores of teachers within recent years have been dropped from their position by political school hoards because their opinions on temperance were a little too -strong to suit the school committees. Not a few who have studied the worst cases of this kind have fallen ; into a Sort of moral nausea over the management of schools in certain cities by corrupt committees, mere ward politicians, many of them monstrously- vile men, patrons of the saloons; and of the gambling dens, and of the brothels. There are cities in this" country where little local committees, not fit to man7  age the investment of ten dollars;  have the choice of school-teachers and the power, to dismiSs teachers 