154 AMERICAN SENTINEL. of the law. During the day two cases were made against Monroe Howard's Imperial Hotel stand by Lieu-t. W. P. Chandler. These were the only cases of any character recorded during the day, which shows that the law violators were apparently not in evidence. Howard was fined $10. In the Journal and Tribune, February 27, this announcement is made: "The Minis-ters' Union warmly endorsed the strict administration of the Sunday-selling ordinance on last Sunday, and at the meeting of the union yesterday morning resolutions concerning the matter were passed. Remarks made were all complimentary to the officers for performing their duty." The resolutions passed were as follows:Š "WHEREAS, The Sunday laws and ordinances of the city were strictly enforced yesterday; therefore "Resolved,  That the Ministers' Union most heartily commend this action on the part of our mayor, board of public works, chief of police and policemen; and that we earnestly request our city officials to persevere in the good work which they have so auspiciously begun. "Be it further resolved, That we request all citizens to co-operate with the civil officials in their endeavor to enforce our Sunday laws, and to give them all due encouragement in the faithful performance of all their official duties." Our Government, though lamb-like in appearance, is assuming every day more clearly the voice of the dragon. The states and the municipalities, encouraged by public sentiment, are becoming bolder to enforce coercive observance of Sunday laws. Popular educa-tion of religionists is trending that way. CYRUS SIMMONS. Absurdity of Sunday Laws. a shave on Sunday is a real necessity, they must, per-force, seek the aid of the tonsorial artist. Just why the justice decided that selling meat was not a necessity did not appear in the reports. But it is fair to infer that the justice did not regard it as neces-sary on the ground that he did not eat on Sunday. How could it be otherwise, without showing himself to be unfair in his judicial renderings? As he justified shaving on Sunday because he regarded it as a necsssity for himself; so to be fair he must have justified the butcher for selling meat on that day, if he had regarded eating on Sunday a necessity. It is a law of nature that ordinarily hair will grow on a man's face on Sunday as well as on other days of the week. It is also true that many people, in spite of anything they might do to prevent it, cannot help get-ting hungry on Sunday, as well as on other days. As a rule people who are hungry will eat, even on Sunday; many must eat when hungry, or be made ill as a result. But no matter, however; the justice's decision makes it wrong for people to get hungry on Sunday, and if they do, the butcher must stand the consequences. It was of course fortunate for the barber that this justice's beard did not suspend its growth on Sundays, for he would then have been made to feel the strong arm of the law; although in the butcher's case it was unfortunate for him. But what shall be said of a law that makes it possi-ble for a judge to capriciously decide that shaving, which really is more a luxury than a necessity, is right when done on Sunday, while the selling of food, which is an absolute necessity, is wrong when done on that day? This incident shows clearly that Sunday laws, with their exemption clauses, are both wicked and absurd, and can result only in untold harm. C. H. KESLAKE. New Brunswick, N. J. IF anything were necessary to show the absurdity, to say nothing of the essential wickedness, of Sunday laws and their exemption clauses, it was furnished a little while ago by a Paterson, N. J., justice. Within a short time of each other, two arrests were made for violating the Sunday law. One of the offend-ers was a barber, charged with shaving a customer on Sunday; the other was a butcher, charged with selling meat upon that holy(?) day. Both offenders sought to avail themselves of the exemption clauses, and main-tained that their work was a work of necessity. The learned justice decided that shaving on Sunday was a work of necessity, and therefore wholly justifia-ble; while he decided that selling meat on Sunday was not. The ground of his decision in the first case was the fact that he found it necessary to shave himself on Sunday, and that being so it was perfectly right for others to do the same; and as it is well known that all people cannot shave themselves, and some feeling that Saloon Sunday Closing in Kansas City. THE question of Sunday closing of the saloons is being strongly agitated in Kansas City. The agitation is being pushed by the anti-saloon league of the city, who are calling upon the Police Board to enforce the law in the matter; which the Police Board seem rather in-disposed to do. In the discussions that have resulted some rather curious arguments for Sunday closing have been advanced by the league. The chairman of the league committee, for example, "said that a saloon keeper was required byllaw to be of good moral character, but those who keep:open on Sun-day are deliberate law-breakers, and no law-breaker can be said to be of good moral character." That is to say, it is not the conducting of:the saloon 