362 THE. SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. I NEWS, NOTES RAID COMMENT The New England "Sabbath observance" organ notes that nearly all the religious bodies in that sec-tion "have recently passed strong resolutions in 'favor of Sabbath observance." * The Haverhill (Mass.) Gazette of May 14 reports the breaking up of two Sunday ball games on the pre-vious day by the marshal of that city. There are many who still insist that Sunday statutes are merely civil. If so, on what grounds can base ball and other similar games be prohibited on that day? The fact that not only work but play is forbidden on Sunday proves that the object of the law is to compel its observance as a religious institution. * The members of the classis of the Dutch Reformed Church of Parmus Valley, N. J., were bickering re-cently before Vice-Chancellor Pitney for possession of the church property. The Chancellor listened for a time, then turning to the quarreling members, he said : "My advice to you, reverend gentlemen, is to go home and stop fighting. You are deeply injuring the cause of religion by your actions. The classis seems determined to impoverish this church. Go home and show more Christlike forbearance in your dealings with each other." This was good advice, but it ought not to have been necessary for a civil officer to give such counsel to min-isters of the gospel. * The situation in China looks at this distance very much like anarchy. The conditions are certainly seri-ous and are doubtless causing uneasiness in many capitals. It is true that so far as China herself is con-cerned there is no more cause for alarm now than in the past. The Taiping rebellion of forty years ago was more formidable than is the "Boxer" outbreak of to-day; but the hungry European powers were not then in a position to take advantage of the situation as they are to-day. Russia, for example, now has several thou-sand within striking distance of Pekin. Other Euro-pean powers and even the United States are repre-sented by war vessels, with other'forces within easy call. At present England is too fully occupied in Africa to be able to take any active part in the partition of China, but from present indications the South Afri-can war is practically over and Lord Salisbury may think it an opportune time to strike while such a large army is several thousand miles nearer the scene of prospective operations than under ordinary conditions. Or should the South African war continue the Czar may conclude that he has nothing to gain but much to lose by delay. Viewed from any reasonable standpoint the outlook is ominous for China. * "It is refreshing," remarks the Chicago Record, "to find a case of consistency where money is at stake. The Haines Gauge company of Philadelphia declines to furnish apparatus for the ships of the United States navy on the ground that the proprietors are members of the Society of Friends and are opposed to war. This is the first case of the kind on record." A minister of the Christian denomination in To-ledo, Ohio, has inaugurated a crusade "against the aristocracy of the churches and the insolent attitude they assume toward the poor." He says : "By the practice of the church more people are doomed to eternal perdition than were ever doomed by the saloons or any, other influence. Place no faith in your churches ; the clergy preach against raffling in saloons for chickens or turkeys for the poor, and a few days later they advertise a lottery for a fancy quilt or an embroidered sofa pillow for the rich. Mark my words, that there will be a reformation that will shake the religious world to its foundations. Isms and schisms will be parts of a broken parachute. Churches in New York and other cities receive direct rentals from the liquor traffic." It is announced that this minister proposes to ar-range for a church with regular church services, and will have on the side billiards, pool, bowling, and other games in the way of amusements, but no liquor or tobacco. A Freethought paper suggests that "if this venture at' mixing religion and diversion proves successful some of the Toledo saloons may back-cap the Rev. Mr. Patton by hiring a minister and advertising bil-liards and pool with preaching on the side." It must be admitted that there is far too much truth in Mr. Patton's arraignment of the churches, but the remedy will not be found in "billiards, pool, bow-ling, and other games" as an adjunct to the church. The people want not more amusements, but more of Christ. 