10 AmmarcAN Sr1NrrIIN1LI., VOL. 8, No. 28. will open the same in accordance with their design and intentions so to do as aforesaid. CHARGES OF CONSPIRACY, Your orators further aver that the said World's Columbian Exposition, corporation as aforesaid, and the said Harlow N. Higinbotham, D. H. Burn-ham, Col. Edmond Rice, George R. Davis, and Horace Tucker are conspiring and confederating together, and are assuming to be in possession and control of the said Exposition and grounds, and have usurped and are attempting to usurp an un-lawful authority over the same, and assume to have the right to open and control the said gates and said grounds for the admission of the public thereto on the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day, during the continuance of the said Exposition and that by reason of such unlawful claim and as-sumption, claim an authority to open said gates and grounds to the public on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, by virtue of the said resolution and rule so passed by the Board of Directors of the said corporation as aforesaid, not-withstanding the fact that the said unlawful as-sumption and the attempt and purpose as aforesaid to open the said grounds and Exposition on Sunday are in direct contravention of the terms of the said act of Congress, and notwithstanding that the said contemplated acts in opening the said gates as aforesaid are and will be, as your orators aver, of great injury and a grievous prejudice to the com-mon public good and to the welfare of the people of the United States. In consideration whereof, and inasmuch as your orators can only have adequate relief in the prem-ises in this honorable court, where matters of this nature are properly cognizable and relievable, your orators pray that this honorable court may order, adjudge, and decree that the said World's Colum-bian Exposition, Harlow N. Higinbotham, D. H. Burnham, Col. Edmund Rice, George R. Davis, and Horace Tucker, and each and all persons acting for or on their behalf or under their direction, be en-joined and prohibited from further agreeing, con-spiring, and acting together or severally to carry out the said last mentioned rule and regulation as adopted by the said corporation as aforesaid, and that all and each of them be enjoined and prohibi-ted from opening the said Exposition and the said grounds and the gates thereof to the public on the 28th day of May, A. D. 1893, which is the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, and on all other Sundays during the continuance of the said Exposition; and that the said defendants, and each of them, and each and all persons acting for or on their behalf, be commanded by the order and man-date of this honorable court to close the said Expo-sition, grounds and the gates thereof to the public on the said 28th day of May, 1893, and each Sun-day thereafter during the continuance of the said Exposition. To the end, therefore, that the said defendants may, if they can show why your orators should not have the relief hereby prayed, and may, according to their best and utmost knowledge, remembrance, information, and belief, full, true, direct, and per-fect answer make, but not under oath, answer under oath being hereby specially waived, to each and all matters and things in the said bill contained as fully and particularly as if the same were here repeated and they were specially interrogated thereto severally; and that the said defendants and each of them may be required to stand to perform and abide by all further orders and decrees which to your honors shall seem meet ; and your orators, as in duty bound, will ever pray, etc. THOMAS F. MILCHRIST. United States Attorney and Solicitor for Complain-ants. The gist of this bill is the averment on the part of the Government of a conspir-acy by the World's Columbian Exposition corporation to contravene an act of Con-gress and a law of the United States. This bill was filed on Saturday, the 27th of May and the hearing upon it continued to the following Wednesday. It is under-stood that the case will be heard by three judges. The two judges of the United States Circuit Court sitting Chief Justice Fuller of the United States Supreme Court in consultation.* The decision of the court in this matter will, therefore, under such circumstance partake of the reflected au-thority of the United States . Supreme Court. In the meantime, according to the latest resolution of the Local Direc-tory with which the National Commission * Chief Justice Fuller did not sit In this case as was expected, for the reason that he is a stockluasler in the corporation. Judges Grosscup, Wood, and Jenkins heard the case, failed to disagree, and in obedience to the injunction issuing from Judge Stein's Court forbidding the World's Fair au-thorities from closing the public park in which the Exposition is situated to the people on Sundays, the Exposition will be open every Sunday, at least until an ad-verse decision is had in this case 'in the United States Court. Corporation Coun-sel, Edwin Walker, who is attorney for the World's Fair, has given notice that he will need certainly two weeks for the preparation of his side of the case and consequently there will be at least two more Sundays in which the World's Fair, both the grounds and the buildings, will be open to the public, except so far as individual exhibiters and States see fit to close their buildings and cover their ex- hibits. W. H. M. Chicago, May 29. The Superior Court of Cook County Defends the People's Rights. JUDGE STEIN of the Superior Court of Cook County has granted a temporary injunction restraining the authorities of the World's Fair from closing Jackson Park, in which the Fair is situated, to the people on Sundays. This case was brought by Ex-Congressman William E. Mason, as counsel for C. W. Clingman, a resident and tax-payer in the city of Chicago, and stock-holder in the World's Fair corpora-tion, and others. After setting forth the necessary facts and technical legal matter, Mr. Mason representsŠ That the said premises occupied by the said Ex-position are described in the Act of the Legislature of the State of Illinois, and adopted by the people, entitled, " An Act to provide for the location and maintenance of a park for the towns of South Chi-cago, Hyde Park and Lake. Approved February 24, 1869," as public lands, and the South Park Com-missioners by the terms of the original act hold title to said premises as follows : " Which said land and premises when acquired by the said Commis-sioners as provided by this act, shall be held, man-aged and controlled by them and their successors as a public park for the recreation, health and bene-fit of the public, and free to all persons forever," and " subject to such rules and regulations as shall from time to time be adopted by such Commis-sioners or their representatives for the well order-ing and regulation of the same." Your orators further represent that they are in-formed that the said South Park Commissioners have attempted to make a pretended lease of said public property to the said World's Columbian Ex-position, a corporation, etc., but your orators charge that neither the said Park Commissioners nor the said World's Exposition Company have any right or authority to make any rule or regulation contrary to the original Act under, and by virtue of which, the people purchased and became pos-sessed of the said premises, and that the people, or the public in general, upon the purchase of the said premises in question became possessed of the same with the right to free access " forever " to the premises in question; and that while the said law creating the said South Park Commissioners per-mits them to make rules for the regulation of the same, such rules must be consistent with the act creating the said Board, and permitting the pur-chase of the said premises which provides that the said premises shall be open as a public park " to all persons forever," and that, neither the Leg-islature of the State of Illinois, nor the Congress of the United States, nor any authority short of a vote of the people themselves, can have power or right to change or modify the right of the people to use and occupy said premises for " health " and " recreation" "forever."  Your orators further show unto your Honor that they are informed and believe, and therefore charge the fact to be that the said Directors of the said Exposition, pretending to be guided by an Act of Congress of the United States, have decided to open a part of the premises in question, and to close a part, to wit: that part of the premises occu-pied by certain buildings which contain exhibits of great interest to the people, and of great benefit to the stockholders of said Exposition, by reason of their attractiveness to the patrons of the said Ex-position, and that the said pretense of the said Di- rectors of the said Exposition is, that they are bound by the Act of Congress to close the said part of the said premises on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday; but your orators show unto your Honor that the said Act of Con-gress is wholly unconstitutional and void, the first section of the Constitution of the United States providing as follows, to wit: " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." And your orators represent that the said Act of Congress, under which the said Directors of the said Exposi-tion pretend to act, attempts to establish the said first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, as a day of rest and worship as against the seventh day of the week, commonly called Saturday, which is used by a part of the complainants to this bill as a day of rest and worship; and is an attempt of Congress to make a law " respecting an establish-ment of religion," and " prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof."  Your orators further represent that the said Act of Congress, which the said Commissioners pretend to be operating under, provides that it shall in no way interfere with the laws of the State of .11inois. Your orators further represent that the constitu-tion of the State of Illinois, Article 8, Section 3, is as follows, to wit: " That all men have a natural and indefeasable right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their consciences ; that no man-can of right be compelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or to maintain any ministry against his consent; that no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or in-terfere with the rights of conscience; and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any reli-gious establishment or mode of worship." And your orators further represent that the said Act of Congress which attempts to close the said Fair, or Exposition, on the first day of the week, commonly known as Sunday, is giving a "prefer-ence " to those " religious establishments " which rest and worship on the first day of the week com-monly known as Sunday, to the prejudice of those "religious establishments" which worship on the seventh day of the week, commonly known as Saturday, as directed and commanded in Holy Writ. And while your orators, who worship on Saturday or Sabbath, can not conscientiously at-tend the said Exposition upon the Sabbath day, commonly called Saturday, they have not sought to interfere with the conscience of other people who desire to visit the said Exposition on the Sab-bath day, commonly called Saturday, and charge that any attempt to prevent them from visiting the said Exposition on the first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday, is an abridgment of their constitutional right and is an attempt to illegally prefer or to give preference to other modes of w or-ship 'Against their mode of worship, and is there-fore unconstitutional and void. In the course of his opinion in this case granting the temporary injunction asked for, Judge Stein said:Š In the first place it is contended that Congress, having sole and supreme jurisdiction, has enacted a law that the Fair shall be closed Sundays. Even if it were true (which it is not) that Congress had sole or supreme jurisdiction in the matter in hand, still in the first act of Congress concerning the Exposition and creating the Board of National Commissioners (approved April 25, 1890) it is pro-vided that "nothing in this act shall be so con - nassed as to override or interfere with the laws of any State." Nor is it true that Congress has passed a law requiring the Fair to be closed Sunday. On the contrary, it has carefully refrained from doing so, probably for the reason that it knew it had no power. What it did do was by the act approved Aug. 5, 1892, to make certain rispropriations, including the $2,500,000, "upon the condition that the said Exposition shall mot be opened to the public on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday ; and if the said appropriation he accepted by . . . the World's Columbian Exposition upon that con-dition it shall be and hereby is made the duty of the World's Columbian Commission . . . to make such rules . . . as shall require the closing of the Exposition . . . Sunday." It was only by the acceptance of this condition by the Exposition Board of Directors that the clause forbidding Sun-day opening became operative. In effect Congress offered them a certain sum of money, provided they would do a certain thing. They accepted the proposition and thereby entered into a contract with Congress. As it takes two both to make a contract and to change it after it is made, and Congress had seen fit on its part, without the concurrence of the second party to the contract, to withhold one-fifth of the lump sum appropriated, there was there- 