668 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ONE hundred prominent residents of Santiago have sent an urgent appeal to President McKinley asking him to recommend to the Vatican that a certain Cuban priest be appointed to the archbishopric of that city. We have not learned that the President paid any attention to this appeal to offer advice at the Vatican, notwith-standing he has been the recipient of considerable advice from the pope.  which a clergyman does not want to be curtailed, or to. be answerable outside the church of his choice, that point is the exercise of his gift of speech. He is accustomed to-speak with a certain authority derived from his office as an ambassador for God, which does not attach to the words of men in secular callings. He desires to have what he says received by the people with a deference be-gotten of the idea that he is a successor of the ancient prophets. With this view of his office and prerogatives he will not readily fall in with a system which subjects him to the supervision and control of the secular au-thorities. The church has assumed to speak with the same authority upon affairs of state, as she does upon matters of the soul's welfare. She aims to have here theŁ directing and controlling voice in public affairs, rather than to be bound by an authority making no claim to be endowed by a higher than human wisdom. * CHAPLAIN MCINTYRE, who served in the navy on board the "Oregon" during the latter part of the war, has been court-martialed and dismissed for having ut-tered statements reflecting upon Admiral Sampson and Captain Evans relative to their actions in the engage-ment with the Spanish fleet off Santiago. Doubtless this will be a sufficient reminder to other chaplains that the Government does not solicit any activity on their part in the line of critics. THE court-martial itself shows tbat the Government views the office of chaplain as being a military office, like those in any regular branch of the service; otherwise this form of trial would not have been resorted to in deal-ing with the offense. Government chaplains may now understand, if they have never realized it; before, that the religious character of their office in no way exempts them from the discipline to which all secular officials are subject. As chaplains, they will be treated as mere crea-tures of the Government, to be created, disciplined, and deposed at the pleasure of those in governmental au-thority. AND in this, there is to be seen as plain an example of union of church and state as is furnished in lands where there is an established state church. The General Government might just as properly maintain some church for the welfare of its citizens, and create and de-pose the officials of the same, as to maintain chaplains for the men in its army and navy. The principle of state maintenance of religion is the same in either case. * RUT, passing from this feature of the case, it is plain to be noted that an alliance with the state in which the state is the controlling power, will not be satisfactory to the church. For if there is one thing above others in HAWAII, it is stated, will not become a Territory like those sections of the United States not admitted to the Union as States, but will be a district under military rule, according to the following proclamation lately is-sued by General Merriam: "For better administration, and subject to the approval of the Secretary of War, the territory lately constituted the Hawaiian republic is hereby constituted a military district, to be known as the District of Hawaii, to be under the command of Briga-dier-General Charles King, United States Volunteers, with headquarters at Honolulu." * * No other territory of the United States was ever in time of peace under military rule, save in case it was the scene of riot demanding suppression by an armed force. " There is nothing in the Constitution or in the principles of American Government upon which the Re-public was set up, which sanctions military rule over any people in time of peace. Military rule is despotism in its very nature; and it must be resorted to now be-cause the principle of government by the consent of the governed, if applied in Hawaii, would at once throw off the yoke of a foreign power. As well might the Govern-ment set up a monarchy in Hawaii, so far as the Consti-tution and the principles of free government are con-cerned. * * THE war with Spain, it will be remembered, was started with a view to the rescue of the Cuban "recon-centrados." This was the principal plea of those who urged most strongly a resort to arms. But what the war has accomplished for these poor people may be inferred from the following which is published by the New York Christian Advocate:Š "Dr. Jose Congosto, Secretary General of Cuba and Press Censor under General Blanco, passed through this city on his way to Paris as an attaché of the Spanish 