111111111110.p. 1.111111111i1111,11p, olOghyi.m Equal and exact justice to all,  meg, of Jvhatever state or persuasion, religious or political.---Thomas Jefferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, MARCH 27, 1890. NUMBER 13. . The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEE;SLY, BY THE PACIFIC ..PANSS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 2o..D 3T., NEW YOBIL EbITORd, E. J. WAGGONER, AL014Z0 T. JONES. moNg all the religious pelsocutions with which almost every page of modern histOry is stained, no .victim ever suffeied except for 'the violation of what Govern-ment denominated the law of God." Ł IT is not the Roman Catholics alone who are complaining of the religious history that is taught in the public schools. The Presbyterians in Tennessee are at it too. They have` petitioned the Legislature pro-testing against the introduction into the schools of the State, of a State history written by the Iron. James Phelan. They assert that in his chapter on " Churches" he has sadly " misrepresented the Presby-terian Church, and the reasons for the ori-gin of the Cumberland Presbyterians, "and that moreover, he shows too strong Meth-odist proclivities. We wonder if there would be any protest if he had shown strong Presbyterian proclivities. We hope SO., UPON the subject of progress in the Washington Legislature, the Spokane Falls Review of February 20, 1890, says :Š " One would quite naturally imagine, judging from the stew that some people have worked themselves into, over the matter of prayers in the Legislature, that one element within than august body would consider life a burden, a dreary desert unrelieved by a single oasis, unless for a few moments of each legislative day they were insured the pleasing privilege of sitting within the sound of the soothing voice of a court chaplain.' The fact :that a man is opposed to prayers in the Legislature does not signify  that he is a foe to Christianity. It seems to the Review that he might be a promi-nent member of a church and still con-sistently object to religious services being blended with law-making, precisely as he might frown upon any attempt to notify a preacher to appear with his Bible and prayer-book on the occasion of a gather-ing of citizens for the purpose of working a county road " If Christianity Cannot stand without a State prop it is not the religion we take it to be. As a matter of fact, every effort to give it State support has had a reac-tionary effect that wrought more injury than benefit." The Blair Educational Bill. WE do not mean by this title the Blair Educational amendment, but the Educa-tional bill,Š though, as will be seen, there is not, in fact, a great deal of difference in the distinction. The features of this bill are- 1. For eight years from the year of its passage, there shall be appropriated $77,000,000 : the first year $7,000,000, the second year $10,000,000, the third year $15,000,000, the fourth year $13,000,000, the fifth year $11,000,000, the sixth year $9,000,000, the seventh year $7,000,000, the eighth year $5,000,000,Što the States, Territories, and the District of Columbia, according to the '*portion " of persons in each, who, being of the age of ten years and over, cannot write." 2. In order to be a sharer of the money, each State, through its governor, shall re-port to the Secretary of the Interior a full account of the common-school system of that State; how much money was spent on schools in the last year preceding the re-port; how the money was raised; the num-ber of children attending school; the length of the school term; and the average pay of teachers. 3. The Secretary of the Interior shall certify this to the Secretary of the Treas-ury, with "monthly estimates and requi-sitions," of amount due to each, and the  Secretary of the Treasury shall pay the said amount to such persons as shall be designated by the States to receive it. But no amount shall be paid in any one year to any State or Territory greater than the amount of school funds expended from its own revenues. Nor shall any of the $77,-000,000 from the national treasury be used for building or renting school-houses; but $2,000,000 extra shall be devoted to this purpose in the same proportion as the regular fund. 4. The money "shall be used only for common schools not sectarian in character" in the States, and for common or indus-trial schools in the Territories. 5. "The Secretary of the Interior is charged with the proper administration of this law, through the Commissioner of Education; and they are authorized and directed, under the approval of the Pres-ident, to make all needful rules and .reg-ulations, not inconsistent with its provis-ions, to carry this law into effect." "Copies of all school-books authorized by the School Board or other authorities of the respect-ive States and Territories, and used in the schools of the same, shall be filed with the Secretary of the Interior." If any State or Territory misapplies or loses any part of this money, or fails to report-  as.  directed, Jxi the act, or fails to comply with,any of the conditions of the act, "such State or Territory shall forfeit its right to any subsequent apportionment " "until the full amount so misapplied, lost, or misappropriated, shall have been re-placed," "and until such report shall have been made." "If it shall appear to the Secretary of the Interior that the funds received. under this act for the preceding year by the State or Territory have been faithfully applied to the purposes contem-, plated by this act, and that the conditions thereof have been observed; then, and not otherwise, the Secretary of the Interior shall distribute the next year's appropriation as is herein before provided. And it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Inte-rior to promptly investigate all complaints lodged with him of any misappropriation 