G8 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. liquor sellers was actually allowed to repeal the Sabbath law, as a 'league of freedom.'" His pplieation here to the "League of Free-dom," is as false as any of the other of his claims. The Rescue, the organ of the Good Ł Templars, said of the Sunday plank in the Republican platform, that it was an "entire blank, acceptable to the League of Freedom, and entirely in their interests." And Dr. McDonald, president of the Home Protection Association, said that he was "disgusted with the Sunday-law plank in the platform; " that it was "too treacherous and unsafe," etc. And the Home Protection Association was the most active opponent of the League of Freedom. It "is a consummation devoutly to be wished," that, while these folks strive so strenuously for their Christian Sabbath, they would show some re-spect for the Christian duty to "speak the truth," and to "not bear false witness against thy neighbor." They were "actually allowed," he says, to "repeal the Sabbath law." "Allowed!" By whom? That Sunday law was repealed by virtue of an issue that was carried by a ma-jority of 17,517 votes, in the State election. And the governor and other State officers who were "actually allowed" to be elected in that campaign, were also "actually allowed" to conduct the affairs of the State for four years. And by the same token, and on the same day, Secretary Folger was "actually allowed" to be beaten for the governorship of New York by a majority of about 200,000. We should not wonder if Dr. Crafts would one of these days volunteer the information that the peo-ple of the United States were "actually al-lowed" to abolish slavery I After this display of erudition, we are not at all surprised to find him, in the very next sentence, calling the repeal of that law an act of oppression. See :Š " This oppression of masses by margins must be stoppee7." So, then, a condition of affairs under which all people are at liberty to keep the day as they may choose, without the slightest interfer-ence, is oppression. But if only a law could be enacted compelling all to keep the Sunday, under penalty of fine, or imprisonment, or confiscation of goods, or banishment, that would be LIBERTY. To qffote his own words, it "leaves a man's religious belief and prac-flees as free as the air he breathes." Yes, it does. As free as the air that was breathed in the Black kle of Calcutta. And in leaving "a man's religious beliefs and practices" so free, "it only forbids the carrying on of certain kinds of business on a certain day of the week; . . . in deference to the feelings and wishes" of a certain class. It therefore was no restriction whatever of the "religious beliefs and practices" of the apostles when the priests and Sadducees laid hands on them and put them in the common prison, and commanded them not to speak at all nor to teach in the name of Jesus. That was perfect religious liberty! And for the apostles to oppose the will of the majority as they did, was the "brazen despotism of a loud and low minority," we suppose. Acts 4 and  5. The priests and Sadducees and the Coun-cil did not command them to not believe in Jesus and his resurrection. They did not command that they should not worship him. They only commanded that they "should not speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus." The Sadducees were the "majority," and as the preaching of the apostles disturbed their " thoroughly " Sailducean religion, "this op-pression of masses by margins" had to be "stopped." And thus might Dr. Crafts and the National Reform party justify every act of oppression, and condemn every work of reform that has ever been in-the world. A. T. J. Church and State. EDITORS SENTINEL : In your last number I saw an article headed " Church and State," copied from the San Francisco Chronicle. I thought it erroneous as well as incorrect in its statements, and therefore wrote a short article to the Chronicle in reply. It was thrown into Mr. DeYoung's waste-basket. I am thankful to be assured by you that a brief and similar writing will not share the same fate by the editors of the SENTINEL. My statements must be brief, so I hope they will be accurate. 1. I have been familiar with the National Reform movement from its first inception, and I think its object is not the union of Church and State either in form or in fact. No member of the association says it is; not one man in the association desires it; and the movement has no tendency towards it. 2. If the movement and the National Re-form Association are approved and indorsed by the Women's Christian Temperance Union as well as by leading ministers of most of "the evangelical denominations," as the "promi-nent clergyman," the informant of the Chron-icle reporter, says, the movement is not pre-sumably very dangerous. Miss Willard is not a very dangerous woman except in the estima-tion of the saloonists and such like. Neither she nor the ministers of the evangelical de-nominations desire a union of Church and State; and if the movement tends to it, surely they have sense enough to see it. The pre-sumption, therefore, is that the SENTINEL'S fears are groundless. 3. It is true that the National Reformers are opposed to the secular theory of Govern-ment, but it is not true that their avowed in-tention is to afford a basis of organic law "for the general enforcement of Sunday observ-ance." The Reformers do not differ from the great mass of Protestant Christians all the world over. They all hold that in Christian lands the civil law should protect the people in their right to rest on the Christian Sabbath and to worship God without molestation by others. Neither National Reformers nor oth-ers dream of compelling men to observe the Sabbath religiously. They all believe, how-ever, that the State should be the conservator of morals; and they assume that the law of the fourth commandment is a moral law. And who that believes in Christianity at all does not know that if the Christian Sabbath should be abolished there would soon be neither re-ligion nor Christian morality. Moral anarchy and chaos would result. The friends of the Sabbath, therefore, are the best friends of the nation and of the people. 4. The "prominent clergyman" who an-swered the Chronicle reporter's question, " Which one of the religious denominations takes the lead in this movement?" shows that he knows little about it. He should post himself before he presumes to post others  through the secular press. Rev. Dr. Gibson, of San Francisco, is not known to be one of the vice-presidents. I presume he never was at a National Reform meeting, and never spoke in public or preached in favor of it. He does not even take the Christian Statesman; the organ of the association. And tie state-ment that it is Dr. Gibson's "intention, on his return from Europe, to organize a State branch in California," etc., will, no doubt, be news to himself. Indeed, I do not know that there is a minister in San Francisco, and al-most none in Oakland, who has ever written or spoken a word in favor of the special oh-jecp of the National Reform Association. So that manifestly the Chronicle's " prominent clergyman" is an alarmist who himself needs to be instructed. And I am sorry that the SENTINEL borrows trouble from the Chronicle. 5. That a wine and liquor paper, such as the San Francisco Chronicle, should like to make capital against the W. C. T. U. and the Prohibition party by arraying them with the National Reform movement, might be ex-pected. But that the SENTINEL should in-dorse the Chronicle in such an effort seems strange to one who knows that the editors of the SENTINEL are the fast friends of temper-ance, and presumably of prohibition also. 6. General Grant never opposed National Reform nor the Amendment advocated. In his Des Moines speech he spoke what may have displeased Roman Catholics, whose in-fluence in the State he feared; but it is un-fair to array him and Sumner and Andrews as opposed to the Reform so feared by the SENTINEL. On the contrary, Senator Charles Sumner, in the early years of the movement, gave public testimony in favor of it. That they all opposed a union of Church and State is presumed, but it does not follow that they opposed National Reform. So far as they knew the value of Christianity, so far they knew that "righteousness exalts a nation." A REFORMER. The above communication is from one for whom we entertain sincere respect, and for this reason, as well as because the SENTINEL can afford to be more than fair, we give it a place in our columns. We have no desire except for truth ; and if anything that anyone could write would overthrow any of the positions which the SENTINEL has taken, we would pub-lish it as willingly as we did those positions But although we have unbounded confidence in our correspondent's honesty, we think he is not so well informed on the question of National Reform as we are, and we shall there-fore review his statements seriatim. 1. Positive argument would be much more conclusive than our friend's modest disclaimer. He thinks that the object of National Reform is not the union o Church and State; we know that its object is the union of Church and State, to the fullest extent that such a union ever existed. We say we know this, and so we do, if we may believe the statements of those who seem to be at the head of the movement. It is true that no member of the association says that a union of Church and State is the object of the. movement; on the contrary, they emphatically declare that it is not; but at the same time they most ur-gently demand a condition of things which would be nothing else. It is possible that they do not know what would constitute a union of Church and State, and imagine that if they give some other name to that which 