Trio AmErzicANT 269 piece of statecraft, designed as a means of uniting the worship of Christ with the worship of Apollo, and Constantine stamped on his coins the name of one and the image of the other. The idea was to create harmony in the empire by making it appear that the religions differed little from each other, and were in fact essentially the same. Historically, therefore, the observance of Sun-day is an outgrowth of sun. worship. Having seen the origin of the observance of the seventh day of the week as a holy day, the manner of the change from the seventh day to the first day Ł and the reasons therefor, we may be able to get a juster estimate of the assertion that it is a sin against God to do anything on Sundays for which our ecclesiastical teachers have not granted us a dispensation. The other part of the argument, that men work too assid-uously and therefore that a weekly rest day should be ordained by law, may seem to super-ficial observation quite another thing; but in fact it has its origin in a desire to cause the State to support the church in the claim that non-obser-vance of Sunday is a sin against God. But for this and for their desire to have the day all their own, the ministers of our "Sabbath Union" would care little whether working people had one day's rest in the week, or not. Very prob-ably they would even exhort us against the sin of idleness, should we propose a rest-day for our-selves.ŠPortland Daily Oregonian, August 2, 1889. Ł Ł Ł Should Civil Laws Forbid Blasphemy? Our National Reform friend, Mr. N. R. Johns-ton, takes us to task for printing the article in the SENTINEL No. 28, under the above heading. He says :Š " Your editorial under this head is wrong because it is all based upon a wrong definition of blasphemy. You follow the writings of civilians who know no more than you should knowŠand not so much. Watson says, 'There can be no blasphemy where there is not an impious purpose to derogate from the divine Majesty and to alienate the minds of others from the love of God. The blasphemer is no other than the calunfinator of almighty God' Such an act is a most heinous sin against God, and against man, against government and against its divine author, and therefore should not be tolerated but punished." We knew at the time that the full definition of blasphemy was not given. The object of the article was to expose the evil of that part of the definition which makes blasphemy consist of speaking against the accepted religion. For that reason we did not quote the definition in full, re-serving that part, of it for another article which Mr. Johnston's communication demands, but which would have appeared soon even though he had not written. We quote it from the same authority from which we quoted the other; that is, "Cooley's Constitution of Limitations." He says :Š "Blasphemy has been defined as consisting in speaking evil of the Deity with an impious purpose to derogate from the divine majesty and to alienate the minds of others from the love of God." It is seen that this definition is in substance the same as that quoted by Mr. Johnston from Wat-son, and therefore the distinction which he would make between the writings of civilians and those of theologians on this point, is not valid. The later part of the definition involves the speaking against the accepted religion, because when a government forbids anybody from speaking so as to alienate the minds of others from the love and reverence of God, it has to set up some form of governmental idea of God. Such governmental idea can be only that which is held by the ma-jority in the government. And for anybody to  speak in such a way as to alienate the minds of those people from that governmental idea of God, is necessarily held by such government to be blasphemy. The Russian system is a case in point in which this principle appett s in its per-fect baldness. As it prohibits the speaking in any such way as to turn anybody's mind from the accepted religion, whoever does so is guilty of blasphemy and incurs the penalty of forfeiture of all civil rights and banishment to the most re-mote parts of Siberia. Any such system as that is as wicked as blasphemy itself. Our object in this article, however, is not to defend the previous article, but to examine the merits of the other part of the definition of blas-phemy not noticed in that, and that is, of its con-sisting in speaking with an impious purpose to dero-gate from the divine Majesty. We should like for our correspondent or anybody else to explain how any man's speaking against God can derogate from the divine Majesty. The masjesty ofJehovah does not consist in what men give to him. He is the eternal God, and is eternal and infinite in maj-esty as well as in every other attribute. Then what men may or may not do cannot effect his majesty to the slightest possible degree. If all men on the earth were, to-day, to break out in the most hideous possible reviling of the Lord, that couldn't effect 'his majesty in the least. It would cause the further degradation of the men themselves and lesSen their own dignity ; hut it couldn't effect the dignity of God nor degrade him. Before there ever was a man or intelligent creature God had all the majesty that he has now and all that he ever will have, and he would have had that majesty had man never been created. . The creation of all intelligent creatures was not with the proud, selfish purpose of building , himself up, or of increasing his dignity; but it was out of love to them, that they might have the joy of eternal joy in his presence. And all these intelligences ever can do is either in gratitude to him to enjoy eternally the blessedness of that joy, or by sin to rob themselves of it. If any choose to rob themselves of it, as many have, that does not in the least derogate from the divine majesty. If any choose to enjoy it, as untold myriads have chosen, that does not add any to his majesty. He is the self-existing One. Complete in himself, in every perfection, and nothing ever can dero-gate from his divine majesty. Therefore such a definition of blasphemy expressing such an idea of the Deity as that he can be robbed of his di-vine majesty is in itself blasphemy. The truth is, that the idea expressed in these definitions of blasphemy is wholly pagan. It is becoming only to man-made gods, as all but Je-hovah have ever been. The gods of the heathen have always been only such as the heathen them-selves made. When men make a .god it is evi-dent on the face of it that all the majesty which that god can ever have is such as those men can give to him. Therefore the more worshipers that god has the more majesty he has; the fewer worship-ers, the less majesty; consequently, when anybody should speak against those gods in a way to les-sen men's reverence for them, this was to derogate from their majesty. ,/ If, for instance, one of these gods had fifty thousand worshipers, he had, comparatively, a good deal of majesty ; but if twenty-five thousane of these worshipers shourd turn against him would only have half as much majesty as he before; and if all his worshipers should  him he would have no majesty at all. This legal definition of blasphemy, and those who defend it, do therefore put Jehovah, the self-existent One,-the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ,Šthey do, put him upon a level with all the heathen gods as one who derives his majesty from men, and one from whose majesty the words and ac, tions of men can derogate. And as real blas-phemy is to attribute to God that which is con, trary to his nature, and does not belong to him, or to deny what does ; and as the legal definition of blasphemy does both of these ; it is demon-strated that the legal definition of blasphemy is" in itself blasphemous. But it is asked, Did not Jehovah himself for-bid blasphemy and punish it? Yes, he did and he. does yet. But he never did forbid it because he is afraid he Ni lose some of his majesty. Not at all. He forbids it because it is sin ; because it-is - wickedness; because it is rebellion against divine authority. And this is why it is that when civil governments undertake to punish it, they usurp the authority of God. In all the statute books on this subject it is treated as an offense against God, which only argues that the Lord is not capable of dealing with offenses against himself; that therefore the government must take it upon itself to help him. This is only again to come down to the pagan idea and put him upon a level with all the man-made gods who are incapable of dealing with offenders. There is an old lesson upon this subject which we would sincerely commend to the careful study of judges, jurists, lawyers, and National Reform-ers. It is recorded in the sixth chapter of Judges. Israel had fallen into idolatry and were overrun by the Midianites. Gideon was called of the Lord to save Israel from the hand of the Midian-' ` a. The 2,Tioyter-rn ofery terbe156-6*---bi city, and even his father, were worshipers of Baal.' Gideon was directed to throw down the altar .of Baal and cut down the Asherah that was by it, and build an altar unto the Lord, and take a yung bullock and offer it for a burnt offering adud to burn it with the wood of the Baalim which he had dethroned. And because there were so, many of the idol worshipers there, he did not date to do it in the day time and did it at night. When the people arose the next morning, and went out to worship, they found their gods were dest'oyed. Somebody had derogated immensely.  from the majesty of Baal. Such a thing as that could not be suffered. They set on foot a diligent. investigation to discover the one who had so wickedly blasphemed. "And when they inquired aid asked, they said, Gideon the son of Joash bath done this thing.. Then the men of the city said unto Joash, bring out thy son, that he may because he hath cast down the altar of Baud, and because he hath cut down the grove that was by it, And Joash said u t stood against him, Will ye plead for B . . , 141w be a because wise. if t 