468 AMERICAN SENTINEL. must be "dead," and his life "hid with Christ in God." Col. 3:3. "Subsequent political rewards" and the "grat-itude of posterity" are ruled out altogether. And God never calls an individual to lay down his life for the sake of his country. He must lay it down because it is full of .sin, and take in its placethe life of Christ, which is all righteousness. "Whosoever will save his life," said Jesus, "the same shall lose it." The truly Christian soldier lets Christ live in him (Gal. 2:20), and by that life wages ceaseless warfare against all sin. Religious Liberty in South America. THE Rev. John Lee, chairman of the Committee on Religious Liberty for Protestants in South America, is still endeavoring to get the papacy to grant religious liberty to Protestants in the Catholic countries of that continent. Having failed to accomplish anything by ap-peals to the pope and Cardinal Gibbons, he has finally addressed a letter to President McKinley, to which he has received through the State department the following reply:Š "On October 26th last our Minister at Lima reported that the Peruvian bill concerning the registration of the marriages of foreigners failed for lack of agreement between the two houses. The Senate passed a bill satisfactory to the foreign element, and the House of Deputies amended it by providing for civil marriage. The session came to an end before an agreement could be reached. "On March 31st last the department advised our Legation at Lima of its hopes that Peru would adopt a marriage law more consonant with the general practice of modern nations, and expressed its concern lest the civil rights of American citizens in that quarter might be impaired through the deficiency of existing law. It was further stated that this Government would be glad to learn that the subject would be revived at the next session of the Congress and satisfactorily disposed of." It is in respect to the marriage laws of Peru and some other South American countries that the disabilities im-posed upon Protestants are most conspicuous. The pa-pacy disclaimed all responsibility in the matter, on the ground that the restrictions placed upon Protestants were in the nature of civil regulations, and a letter re-ceived from the "Cardinal Secretary of State" through Cardinal Gibbons, stated that "the Protestants in Peru, far from being restricted in the free exerci e of their wor-ship, are rather accorded a larger degree of toleration than is compatible with a strict construction of the po-litical constitution of these countries." Now, as ever in past times, religious intolerance seeks refuge behind the "law of the land." The appeal to the United States Government was made on the strength of the following testimony touch-ing the situation in Peru, in a letter from Dr. Thomas B. Wood, a Protestant missionary:Š "Since the coming of Mgr. Macchi, the apostolic dele-gate, to Peru, we have been falling under a series of new  restrictions beginning in December, 1893, with a local decision excluding our marriages from civil registry in Callao, and ending in November, 1895, with a supreme executive decree outlawing them sweepingly, and declar-ing that their previous recognition had been contrary to the constitution, without stating in what respect. The decision of 1893 specifically named the Methodist Epis-copal Church as having its marriages excluded from civil registry, with no need of such specific mention, as the de-cision was made to cover all marriages not solemnized by a Roman Catholic priest. "After I had started our work in Lima and transferred it from the place of its beginning to larger and more cen-tral quarters, the archbishop wrote officially to the exec-utive, asking that my operations be stopped. His ground was not a charge that I was violating any law, but the sweeping pretension that my propaganda was from the nature of it hostile to the State religion, and, therefore, hostile to the State." And this charge of hostility to the State is the very one which Protestants in the United States are trying to establish against their fellow Protestants who oppose the disabilities sought to be put upon them by Sunday laws. The papacy is familiar with all these make- shifts. If Protestants would not refuse to see, they would know that in this they are following in the track of the church of Rome. The Wisdom of Faith. THE Bible says that to suffer oppression with the people of God is better than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season. This was said of Moses, who chose rather to be persecuted for Christ's sake than to sit on the throne of the Pharoahs. It was faith that gave Moses the wisdom to make that choice; and events have amply demonstrated the value of that faith. To-day, as we know from the testimony of God's Word, Moses lives in the midst of the bliss and glory of heaven. But where would he have been if he had chosen the throne of Egypt? The question is answered by this incident which occurred not long ago, related in a London journal:Š " Brugsch Bey, the famous explorer of the tdmbs of ancient Egypt, who discovered the mummy believed to be that of the Pharoah who oppressed the Israelites, re-cently found another mummy, on the coffin of which was the royal cartouche, indicating that the body was that of one of the Pharoahs. He was delighted with his dis-covery, and with great care packed it up for conveyance to Cairo. On arriving at the railway station, he was di-rected to have his 'luggage' put in the luggage-van. The Bey was concerned about its safety and insisted on its going in the carriage with him. The officials consented on the condition that the fare was paid as for a living passenger. Brugsch Bey accordingly paid Pharoah's fare, and the mummy went in the passenger coach. At the custom house of Cairo a new difficulty arose. The custom officers demanded duty. The Bey explained that the package was the mummy of Pharoah, and that no duty could be levied upon it. But the officers were con-vinced that it might be made dutiable under some cate- 