 262 AMERICAN SENTINEL.  "teaching that the Bible identifies the United States Government with the papacy." If we had really been teaching this, it would have been teaching precisely what he and his fellow-workers were, in principle, both teaching and doing all these years. And now, as he charges that such a thing is " sedi-tion," and as he and his fellow-workers have been for years doing their very best to accomplish just that thing, both in principle and in practice, while all these years we have been using our utmost endeavor to, pre-vent the first step toward any such thing, it is as plain as A B C that his charge of " sedition" lies against him-self and his fellow-workers above all other people, and not against us in any sense whatever. That is the truth. His "third" specification is that "they are seditious in teaching that the Bible identifies the United States Government with the archrebel Satan, in opposition to truth and righteousness in the earth." To sustain this specification, he cites our teaching with reference to the beast brought to view in Rev. 13:1-11, of which it is said: "I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon." And, as it is plain from the context that the word "dragon" here refers to the devil, this is why he says that we teach "that the Bible identi-fies the United States Government with the archrebel, Satan." Here again he plays that trick of taking what we have said, and all we say, of the Government after it has been turned into a National Reform government, and making it apply to the United States Government as it was originally founded. This scripture as above quoted, refers to the Govern-ment in both these phases. The United States Govern-ment as it was originally founded, is beautiful described by the word of the Lord, as a beast coming up having two horns like a lamb. That is a correct description of the United States Government as it was originally founded; and as it stood, upon the principles which char-acterized it,Šthe two grand principles of civil and relig-ious freedom; separation of religion and the State; no king, and no pope. Of all the symbols used in the Word of God to illus-trate earthly governments, this is the only one that is given the mild and gentle characteristics of the lamb. And this is the word which God has set down as descrip-tive of the United States Government as it stood in its original beauty, grounded upon the principle which God himself announced, the absolute separation of religion, and particularly the Christian religion, from the juris-diction or cognizance of the State. But an anomaly appears; a change occurs. This beast having two horns "like a lamb" comes to speak " as a dragon." This refers to the change brought about -through the working of this National Reform scheme. This anomaly marks the result of the National Reform subversion of the principles upon which the Government was founded, and its dragging the Government into an espousal of the principles of the papacy. In the first half of the thirteenth chapter of Revelation, the papacy is represented under the symbol of a beast which has by no means the characteristics of a lamb; and which re-ceives its power and its seat and its great authority from "the dragon," which, in the twelfth chapter, is declared to be "that old serpent, called the Devil, and Satan." The symbol then, having two horns like a lamb yet speaking like a dragon, shows that the original charac-ter of the Government becomes so changed that the spirit of Satan is manifested instead of the characteristics of a lamb. Our teaching has always been, and it is yet, that the scripture statement that the beast had two horns "like a lamb," is descriptive of the United States Government as it was originally founded. And it has been our con-stant endeavor to keep the Government of the United States inseparably attached to these principles. Had this been done, benefits and blessings would from this nation have flowed forth to the nations of the earth, beyond the highest dreams of the far-seeing, noble men who, under God, were instrumental in founding the Gov-ernment as it was founded. But the people of the United States, forgetting these principles, and losing sight of the high destiny and the wondrous privileges that God had set before them, have allowed these principles to be subverted, and have al-lowed the Government in its words and laws to be turned aside, so that already the oppressive, cruel voice of the dragon has been heard. And the same scripture goes on to tell how that this voice will yet further be heard in speaking, and causing that as many as do "not worship the image of the beast should be killed." Under the deceptive workings of the National Reform principles, persecutions and cruelties after the very image of the system of the Dark Ages will yet be inflicted upon the people of the United States in pursuance of laws of the United States, and in direct cooperation and alliance with the papacy itself in the United States and in the world. And thus a further deception is wrought, and another suggestion of the scripture is detected, in that, while the symbol stands in outward appearance with the characteristics of a lamb, yet it speaks and acts with the spirit of the dragon; and, as it stands in this ambig-uous position, is described in another place in the book of Revelation as " the false prophet." While pretending to represent the principles of liberty and truth, it actually is made to practice the principles of despotism and iniquity ; and this change, which means co much to the people of the United States, and to all the world, and which is so vividly expressed in the Scrip-tures,Šall this is brought about through the mischiev-ous workings of the religio-political scheme of the Na-tional Reform combination of which this man has been for years, and now is, a prominent and zealous leader. And now, after all this, in the presence of all this 