THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 285 For a man to be recuperated in brawn or brain, he must have : "clear conscience" ; he must not be forget-ful of his "spiritual need." But if the Man is forgetful of his spiritual need, shall we endeavor to promote Sabbath observance with such a man? Mr. Hatha-way's answer is, "We cannot ignore the fact that the Sabbath is a divine institution, given of God to meet the innate demands of man's nature. The purpose and nature of the Sabbath cannot be changed to meet the conditions of his unbelief." So, while our Baptist friend does not believe in try-ing to make people religious by civil legislation, he is working in company with those who do believe in that very thing, and is putting a weapon into their hands which they will use for that purpose. While our Baptist friend is in favor of giving the men time for physical rest, and laws "should be en-forced" for that purpose, his partner, Mr. Hathaway, says, "No Sabbath can long be maintained apart from its divine authority and sacred character." Now, if men who are not religious are not per-mitted to work they will spend the day in amusement of some kind. But, again Mr. Hathaway says, "A secularized Sabbath becomes a positive source of evil. God is less honored and Satan better served on a sec-ular Sabbath than on any other day of the week." It is certainly plain that the aim of the American Sabbath Union is to make men religious, even by law, if in no other way. . They make themselves the conservators of "clear consciences" for.other men. But what more than this did the papacy ever do? It seems to me as I read the articles of our Baptist friend and Mr. Hathaway, that I can hear the creak of the rack and the crackle of the flames ; I see again the Roger Williams of the not distant future, leaving his family fireside to find a home with the savages and wild beasts, who were not so savage and wild as the men who would see to it that their neighbors did not spend "the Sabbath forgetful of their spiritual need." Let us remember that every man is responsible to God alone for the manner in which he spends his Sab- bath. E. H. CURTIS. France and the Roman Catholic Church. The recent trial and condemnation in Paris of twelve Assumptionist priests is thought by some to be the beginning of an anticlerical movement similar to that of the early days of the Third Republic. The feeling against the religious orders is very bit-ter, and seem likely to become more so. Indeed it might truthfully_be said- that only a radical-change in the industrial conditions of the country can prevent the growth of this feeling. And since th6 danger point  has been reached already, the future is not bright for France. "The French Liberals complain bitterly," says M. E. Saint-Genix, in an article in the Contemporary Re-view for March, that "monks and nuns are found now-adays occupying all the highways and byways of life. . . . Trades, industries, and professions are in- vaded by them to the detriment of the family-support-ing layman. You can buy of Franciscan friars beer brewed by Cistercian monks, drink tea, coffee, or choc-olate imported and sold by pious Trappists, who them-selves never taste any of these concoctions ; finish up your dinner with a glass or two of liqueur distilled by holy but rival anchorets, who are believed to have fled in horror from this world of sin and sorrow, and buried themselves in a cloister, in order to give themselves wholly up to God ; you can polish the enamel of your teeth with patent powders and sweeten your breath with marvelous elixirs invented by men of God who have themselves no further use for either; you can get shod by enterprising Assumptionists, have your pur-ple and fine linen made by nuns or their orphan slaves, and generally get your perishable body as well as your immortal soul 'taken in and done for by the members of modern congregations." Nor does the trouble end here. These orders are, it seems, making their influence felt not only in indus-trial but in educational and political as well as in re-ligious life. Rome is evidently working hard to re-store France fully to "the Church." -Saint-Genix says: "In certain walks of literature, in the less dangerous domains of science, in the work of education, and, above all, in the schemes and intrigues of subterra-nean, as well as in the debates of daylight politics, they are indefatigable organizers, clever leaders, venture-some pioneers." The methods pursued not only in France but else-where in Europe, especially upon the Continent, are thus described by the same writer, and are certainly not such as to commend themselves to those who be-lieve the minister of God should "follow after right-eousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, meekness": "On the Continent, especially in Central Europe, a zealous priest will frequent public-houses, chat and crack jokes with the workmen, coax them to the church, and keep them there by means of chains the very furthest links of which cannot be said to reach to heaven. The well-known Jesuit, Father Abel, of Vi-enna, highly approves and zealously employs these lat-ter-day methods. In a speech which he made some months ago to a number of pilgrims in Altotting he said : 'In Vienna I act on this maxim : I catch more people with a glass of beer than with an Ave Maria. I certainly do-not exclude the Ave Maria, but to cap an Ave Maria by quaffing off two half-measures, that is a thing I relish. . . . But I will not have any- 