tl . ttt .... ttttttit, .t.,:ttt,..t.ttiŁttttt t.t:tttt ... ŁŁ Ł ; a. Equal and GxactJu8tice to all ljen, of Whatever btate or Persuabion, /Religious or colitical.--Thomas Jefferson, VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, APRIL 28, 1892. NUMBER 17. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - Ł - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MCKEE. THE Mayor of Newville, Pennsylvania, has taken advantage of the " Blue Laws" of 1794 to enforce upon that town his ideas of Sunday sacredness, by prohibit-ing the sale of Sunday papers. Š0Š THE Christian, Statesman is in favor of boycotting all papers publishing Sunday editions. Why does it not boycott railroads running Sunday trains ? It not only fails to do this, but it actually advertises Sun-day trains. Possibly there is money, or at least, transportation, in it. Would the Statesman advertise Sunday papers on the same terms ? IN answer to the question, "How can the Sunday paper be suppressed ?" Rev. J. S. McKee said in the Pittsburg Sunday Convention :Š By the Christian people of this community com-bining together in the resolve not to advertise in or purchase a copy of a paper publishing a Sunday edition. That is, by boycott. Has this diabol-ical thing become " a means of grace" ? REV. DR. PARKHURST, pastor of the Madison Square Presbyterian Church, in this city, has gained an unenviable noto-riety, recently, by certain sensational methods which he has adopted " for the suppression of vice." -0- DR. PARKHURST is President of the Society for the Suppression of Crime, and doubtless acted in good faith in all that he did, using the best judgment that he had as to methods. He, was, however,  certainly unfortunate in his choice of methods, and has probably succeeded in doing more harm than good. Š0Š IT is very doubtful if a minister of the gospel has any duty in the direction of personally undertaking the enforcement of the civil law. His sole work should be that of ambassador and teacher. For that work he has a commission, and the divine promise of Christ's spiritual pres-ence; but when the minister of the gospel becomes a detective and enters dens of vice, and drinks beer with lewd women, he not only does that for which he has no commission, but he goes where he has no promise of Christ's presence and blessing. To say the least that can be said, and say anything, Dr. Parkhurst committed a fearful blunder in going where he did and as he did. Thousands of young men will take license from this minister's example and become acquainted with depths of vice, of which, otherwise, they might never have known, even by the hearing of the ear. Š0Š THERE are in this city thousands of depraved women, and still more thousands of evil men. Many of the women are in a sense driven to the life they lead. If Dr. Parkhurst and his wealthy congrega-tion want to suppress vice they can do it no more effectively than by undertaking patient and systematic missionary work among the fallen of both sexes. Had Dr. Parkhurst gone where he did, not as a detective to obtain evidence to secure con-viction in the civil courts, but as a minis-ter of Christ, gone to labor, even as the Master did, for the fallen, gone in proper company, conducting himself properly, he might have accomplished some good, but as it is nothing but evil can come of it. Š 0Š REV. LUTHER T. TOWNSEND, a promi-nent Methodist minister, created a decided sensation recently in that communion by charges of wire-pulling, bribery, and gen-eral chicanery in the management of the  denomination. April 4, Professor Town-send spoke for two hours before the Methodist ministers of Boston, giving facts, reading letters, etc., in support of his charges, ACCORDING to the New York Sun's Boston correspondent,Š One writer spoke of having seen money passed to buy votes to send a person to the General Con-ference. Another knew of mercenary barterings to secure soft seats for members of a church or district ring. Almost all the letters had to do with " combines " between the elders, and providing for them the easiest and most honorable offices in the ecclesiastical government. Others had noted the improper struggle for episcopacies. All had some bit of proof to put on record, and all professed themselves willing to come forward and testify to these things in order to purge the Church." Š0-- IT would seem that the "Church" needs purging. Nor is this state of affairs confined to the Methodist Church in the North. The Tennessee Methodist, in its issue of March 31, has an article on the Presiding Eldership, in which this state-ment is made :Š A time limit ought to be put to the Presiding Eldership. Everything in the history of the office and the men who fill it sustains this statement. . . . The mind of the church would be greatly eased if they knew that the office would not become the sinecure of fossils. They have an ab-horrence of a professional Presiding Elder. They soon come to the conclusion that the man loves power, and uses his influence to perpetuate it. . . . The longer some men stay in the office, if natural born tricksters and politicians, the greater hardship they work upon those who fill places under them, in order to maintain their places in the cabinet. Lust for power hurled angels from heaven. It may send some, not angels, elsewhere. SIMILAR things were said some months -ago in a Western conference, we do not now recall positively which one. All this goes to show that human nature is about I the same inside the Church that it is out-side of it, and that whether in the Church or out of it it lusts for power just the same. It does not prove that the churches are wholly corrupt, nor does it prove that Christianity does not make men honest and unselfish; but it does prove that a 