"Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 3. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JANUARY, 1888. NUMBER 1. IFI2e An2eDicar2 PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING HOUSE, OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER,  EDITORS. ALONZO T: JONES, J. H. WAGGONER, CORRESPONDING EDITOR. Entered at the Fast-office  in Oakland. LEAVE the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, supported entirely by private contribution. Keep the church and State forever separate. ŠU. S. &ant. A Recognition of Religion. REV. MR. GREGG, the pastor of the Park Street Church, took the ground in his sermon on Sunday that it was the duty of Christian citizens to insist on a constitutional amend-ment which should give the Christian relig-ion a recognition in our great national char-ter. It does not seem to have occurred to the -reverend gentleman that the omission a hun-dred, years ago of all reference to religion may have saved the people of this country from an enormous amount of trouble. We do not be-lieve that it would have made the American people any better, that our standard of mo-rality would have been any higher, that relig-ion would have been any more respected, or that any of the troubles from which we have suffered would thereby have been averted; but it is certain that if religious tests had been applied, we should now be confronted with that serious problem that is engaging the attention of European statesmen; that is, how to reconcile official expressions of relig-ious faith with the conflicting opinions of the people. Mr. Gregg's constitutional amend-ment would conflict with the honestly enter-tained religious convictions of several millions of his fellow-citizens. How would he treat these? The Constitution is as much theirs as his, or those whom he represents. Their religion cannot be legislated out of existence, and they would have the same dislike to sup-porting a Constitution framed in accordance with religious ideas in which they did not believe, as Mr. Gregg would have to support-ing the Constitution framed in accordance with the creed of Mahomet. Is it not a proof of the good sense of the framers of our Consti-tution that they avoided this cause for con-tention, by giving to every man entire relig-ious liberty, and -allowing the civil govern-ment to remain absolutely neutral ?ŠBoston herald. Religious Despotism in Russia. NOT long since an American citizen s'ras im-Frisoned in Russia for preaching the gospel, and it is probable that only the timely and energetic-efforts of the worthy American Minis-ter at St. Petersburg saved him from being sent to Siberia. This circumstance caused much comment in the United StateS, and Russia was severely criticised for her religious intolerance. It is likely that the readers of the heading of this article will expect that I shall strongly condemn Russia for her religious despotism. But that is far from my purpose. I write to explain her position, and to show that she is not so far behind the spirit of this enlightened age as many suppose. There is a homely saying that one-half the world does not know how the other half lives. The .United States has a vast domain, a fast-increasing population, and her resources are immense. Yet if some of her citizens could be suddenly transported from the scenes of a Fourth-of-July celebration and be set down amid the almost,  countless cities of the Old World, with their ever-busy swarming mill-ions of inhabitants, it would seem as if the glory of their own land had suddenly col-lapsed, and that there was another side to this busy world. Here, America is not seen, and her greatness is not appreciated. There, she alone is seen, and the greatness of the Old World is quite as little appreciated. But the American people have less idea of the real condition of - spiritual things in Europe, than of the temporal. An American traveler was speaking of the sameness of the world and the church on the Continent, when a continental friend replied: "The world is the church here. We are born church members. In our infancy we are baptized according to the ordinance of the church; in later years this ac-tion is confirmed. This is_ emphatically a Christian country." In Russia the Czar is as truly the head of the church as he is the ruler of the nation. His civil and spiritual rule and authority ex: actly correspond; one is just as extensive as the other. To this he allows exceptions in favor of certain religions under certain cir-cumstances. In this is manifested his relig-ious tolerance and forbearance. A foreign or dissenting preacher may obtain permission to preach there if he has a congregation to which he can preach. And he may proselyte from other dissenting bodies, but lie must not proselyte among the .members of the State church. This, it is true, confines his labors-to a narrow field; but this is considered a  minister's duty there. Proselyting is scarcely known and never countenanced. And the Government pursues the only course that it consistently can. To ask more than this of ' the Czar is to ask him to undermine his own authority. The nation is the church. The Czar is the head of both at onceŠor, rather, both in one. Therefore to become a dissenterŠto unite with another churchŠis to renounce allegiance to the Czar. If there is any difference in the strength of the ties of loyalty, preference is always supposed to be on the side of the spiritual. It is so with Catholicism. To, the charge that Catholics in England and America are subjects of a foreign prince, or ruler, a Catholic writer replied: "No-where in the world is the Pope a foreign prince to a true Catholic." Everywhere, in every nation, the first and highest allegiance of the Catholic is to the Pope. He maintains,  a citizenship in other States, only subordinate to his allegiance to the Pope, and subservient to the interests of his church. This is true of every truly loyal and consistent Catholic. From this it is readily seen that it is impos-sible to renounce allegiance to the Czar in the church, and yet maintain allegiance to him in the civil government. They are inseparable; to unite with another church is treason against the Czar. And no method of argu-ment can show that it is any less than, or anything else but, treason. This is the true logic of National Religion. On this basis, the course of the Czar is con-sistent. To permit foreign preachers to enter his empire and turn away his subjects from him as their spiritual head, is to tolerate trea-son; and every such preacher is an inciter to treason. He is not there a dissenting minister of the gospel; he is a disturber of the peace and a destroyer of the security of the empire. He is, a dangerous person. And this reasoning holds good in every place where there is State religion. And a State religion, a coerced religion, depends for its strength and perpetuity on the strength and amount of authority put forth for its mainte-nance. In Prussia the religion of the empire is Lutheranism. But the Government is lib-eral, and the result is that to-day the Catholics have virtual control of the nation. They con-trol the courts. It has been lately decided, in a case prosecuted by the Attorney-General; that it is a public outrage to speak contempt-uously of the' institutions of the Catholic Church. And this while the Catholics con-tinually heap reproach upon the name of Luther and the Reformation, without rebuke. 