744 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ernmental support until "law and order are fully re-es-tablished," what prospect can there be that govern-mental support would ever cease? because what prospect can there be that law and order would ever be fully re-established while the cessation of the governmental sup-port of such a priesthood must be the sure consequence of the full re-establishment of law and order, and the prevention of the full re-establishment of law and order rests completely with the "dangerous" and "malign" priesthood who receive the governmental support which is to continue only until law and order are fully re-estab-lished? Again we must remark that this argument in behalf of governmental support of the Catholic priesthood of Cuba, based upon the "dangerous" and "malign" dispo-sition of that same priesthood, is, for cool and essential iniquity, surely entitled to the palm. But are the people of the United States ready for all this? Will they all bear it all without protest? T. J. Thanksgiving in Colonial Days. AMONG the papers of the late ex-State Senator Guy C. Stoddard, of Massachusetts, an old newspaper clip- ping was found containing a quaint account of an old colonial Thanksgiving church service and dinner. It was written in the year 1714 by the Rev. Lawrence Conant, of the old South Parish in Danvers, Mass. It contains an illusion to the religious sentiments of the people of those days, and believing it will be read with interest by SENTINEL readers, it is given herewith:Š "Ye Governor was in ye house and Her Majesty's commissioners of ye customs, and they sat together in a high seat of ye pulpit stairs. Ye Governor appears very devout and attentive, although he favors Episcopacy and tolerates ye Quakers and Baptists. "He was dressed in a black velvet coat, bordered with gold lace and buff breeches with gold buckles at ye knees, and white silk stockings. "There was a disturbance in ye galleries, where it was filled with divers negroes, mulattoes, and Indians, and a negro called Pomp Shorter, belonging to Mr. Gardiner, was called forth and put in ye broad isle, where he was reproved with great carefulness and solemnity. "He was then put in ye deacons' seat between two deacons, in view of ye whole congregation, but ye sexton ' was ordered by Mr. Prescott to take him out, because of his levity and strange contortion of countenance (giving grave scandal to ye grave deacons), and put him in ye lobby under ye staire; some children and a mulatto woman were reprimanded for laughing at Pomp Shorter. "When ye services at ye meeting house were ended, ye council and other dignitaries were entertained at ye house of Mr. Epes, on ye bill near by, and we had a boun-tiful Thanksgiving dinner with bear's meat and venison, the last of which was a fine buck, shot in ye woods near by. Ye bear was killed in Lynn woods near Reading. "After ye blessing was craved by Mr. Garrich of Wrentham, word came that ye buck was shot on ye  Lord's day by Pequot, an Indian, who came to Mr. Epes with a lye in his mouth like Ananias of old. "Ye council therefore refused to eat ye venison, but it was afterward decided that Pequot should receive forty stripes save one for lying and profaning y' Lord's day, restore Mr. Epes ye cost of ye deer, and considering this a just and righteous sentence on ye sinful heathen, and that a blessing had been craved on ye meat, ye coun-cil all partook of it but Mr. Shepard, whose conscience was tender on ye point of ye venison." W. E. C. Imperialism Against the Declaration of Independence. Now THAT the United States Government has started in on a policy of imperialism, the upholders of this policy are conscious of the necessity of justifying it in the face of the fundamental principles of republican gov-ernment to which such a policy is squarely opposed. And this, accordingly, they are attempting by various means to do. And naturally, the arguments which they put forward for the purpose are both novel and start-ling. Here, for example, is one by the Hon. Hosea Knowlton, Attorney-General of Massachusetts, which is quoted approvingly by the New York Sun. The Sun boldly declares that there is no natural right of suffrage; that the idea that government without the consent of the governed is un-American, is wholly erroneous; and then quotes this statement by the Hon. Mr. Knowlton of Massachusetts as very "neatly" showing this fact:Š " The Declaration of Independence has nothing to do with political rights. It has always been true that a majority of our people have not had anything to say about the Government. The people of the territories have no right to vote. Until recently no colored man was allowed to vote in the South. You may say this last fact was settled by the war, but that was not what the war settled. "The war decided that the negro should be free, and nothing more. No descendant of the Chinese nation can vote. No Indian can vote. And the largest and best-behaved portion of our population has never had the ,right to suffrage in any considerable part of the country. " In other words, the great principle on which this Government was founded did not concede the natural right of suffrage. The Declaration of Independence de-clares for 'life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,' which, being freely translated, means the right to ac-quire property. " When any one, therefore, says that there is danger that the whole body of the inhabitants of Hawaii will be precipitated upon us as voters, or that the Malays of Luzon will soon be running Congress, he does not know what he is talking about. Forty-five States manage the Government of this country, and no one else can exercise the right of suffrage until they give him permission." We confess that we never knew before that ow patriotic forefathers of Washington's time wrote and signed the Declaration of Independence and fought through the Revolutionary war to vindicate their "right 