246 'm AMERICAN SENTINEL. that source has sooner or later been turned into a curse. This truth is written in letters of blood on every page of history. The apostle declares that the gospel is the power of God. Consequently when the power of the State is substituted for the power of God to enforce an observ-ance of the outward forms of the gospel upon men, it is not the gospel at all which is enforced, but a counterfeit of the gos-pel. Paul speaks of those who are " hav-ing a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof "; which shows that " god-liness" consists of two thingsŠform and power. Some people seem to think that if they only get the " form " from the :Bible, it matters little where they get the ,,power; and so they petition and vote for ;power of the State to enforce gospel tena-iperance, and gospel morality, and any-ithing and everything that they think is gospel. But as the gospel is the power of God and is not the power of the State, or of its armies, it is impossible to vote gos-pel temperance, or anything else pertain-ing to the gospel, into the ballot box. The gospel never went into the ballot box, and there is no power on earth that can put it in. The gospel goes into men's hearts when it goes anywhere, and it does not go by " the gateway of politics." As there is no gospel in Mr. Woolley's definition, so also, there is no temperance. Temperance is self-control, and not exter-nal legal control. A man who does not drink simply because he can get no liquor is no more temperate in the sight of God than the man who lies drunk in the gut-terŁ. Temperance is a Christian grace to he acquired through the working of God's Spirit; and you may as well talk about legislating faith, virtue, knowledge, pa-tience, godliness, brotherly kindness, and charity into qn individual as to talk about legislating temperance into him. But you say " there are some people who are tem-perate while they do not believe in the gospel at all." This seems to be true; just as many persons appear to possess the ,.other Christian graces without believing in Christianity. Our only explanation for this is, that God is so merciful that he helps even those who disregard his claims, and does not permit them to fall under the complete control of Satan, that his goodness may still lead them toward re-pentance. Some persons have more nat-ural force of character and self-control,  than others; but the forlorn and helpless wrecks of humanity which we see all about us at the present time, should shake; our confidence in the moral power of man when separated from his Creator. God only is good, and all goodness proceeds from him. The gospel is the medium through which he proposes to impart his power to fallen menŠthat power which alone can give them the victory over the forces of evil in the world. There is no safety outside of God's plan. " Without me," says Christ, " ye can do nothing." But the Scripture says in plain words that temperance is a fruit of the Spirit of God (Gal. 5 : 22, 23) ; and Mr. Woolley ad-mits that it belongs to the gospel when he calls it " gospel temperance." It is just as impossible to have the fruits of the Spirit in an individual who has not the Spirit as it would be to gather grapes from thorns or figs from thistles. The ,carnal mind does not bear the fruits of the Spirit; hence it is worse than fOolish to talk about forcing people by law to be temperate. If these people would search ;their Bibles with the right spirit, they  might find out what kind of a tree tem-perance grows on, and then they would give up their effort to compel a corrupt tree to bear spiritual fruit. And if the energy that is consumed in the effort to influence legislation and secure the aid of the civil power to force the gospel upon men, were put forth in proclaiming the gospel as God directs, the Holy Spirit would attend their efforts in such meas-ure that they would not need to be ashamed of the results. Paul said, " I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ;  for it is the power of God;" but when he spoke about those who were "having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof," he said, " from such turn away." A gos-pel which denies the power of God by en-treating the civil power to establish its claims, we have need to be ashamed of, for it will never succeed. Its supporters may succeed in securing control of the civil power; they may succeed in perse-cuting to the death every one who disa-grees with their notions of religion; but they will not succeed in converting any one to God, or in making the world any better. If the prohibitory movement has no other end in view than to aid temperance, then the sooner it goes down the better; first, because the State has no right to meddle in any way with that which be-longs to the gospel ; and, second, because it is impossible to force people to possess the fruits of the Spirit of God. The only legitimate object which the movement can have is the protection of peaceable citizens from the incivilities of the drinker. ŁThis is on the principle that the Govern-ment should prohibit that which experi-ence has shown to be a necessary and al-most invariable cause of crime. The pro-hibition movement can properly have no more relation to temperance than it has to faith, charity, or patience. And the sole object of government is the protection of each citizen against the incivilities of others. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. Only an Engine of State. No instance can be produced of pure Christianity attempting to subvert civil government; on the contrary, it is in-trusted with a conciliating plan of univer-sal peace between secular and sacred things by Jesus Christ. The corrupters of Christianity deprived it of this noble plea; they bartered purity for power, ex-changed argument for authority, and made scandalous truck of all the truths and virtues of religion for the seals of a prince and the keys of a gaol. They in-vented words of inexplicable mystery, and inflicted penalties upon those who could not interpret their dreamsŠthey cast innumerable canons, Ł and with these de-stroyed the lives and liberties and proper-ties of their peaceable brethrenŠthey armed priests with secular power, and covered the barbarous use of it with in-finite pompŠthey excited princds to hate, persecute, banish, and burn, their subjects for matters of conscienceŠthey thought lay subjects beneath their notice, kings above law, and themselves above kings. To their conduct it is owing that most great men consider religion as nothing more than an engine of State.ŠRobert Robinson. 1823. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. IN Keyport, N. J., a citizen's protective associa-tion has been formed to defend the Sunday cases brought by the Sabbath 'Union committee in their effort to enforce the Sunday laws. TT it Mayor and the ministers of Freeport, 111., are at swords' points on the Sunday observance question. The Mayor has permitted Sunday base-ball and other Sunday diversions, and the ministers are denouncing him from their pulpits. THE Church Bulletin, of South Chicago, has in its issues of June 24 and July 1, a very accurate statement of the facts connected with the arrest and imprisonment of Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee, together with a sound exposition of the principles involved, and an earnest plea for civil equity, pure and undefiled. IT seems that the president of the American Sab-bath Union is summering in Bar Harbor. A special dispatch to the World says: " The non-observance of Sunday at Bar Harbor shocks Mr. Shepard, and it is rumored that he is going to bring the old neglected Blue Laws to the front again, and have things closed up on the Lord's day. An excursion of over fifteen hundred people was in town to-day (Sunday) from all along the Maine Central Railway, and it hurt Mr. Shepard's feelings to see them." THE Mid-Continent Magazine, for June, contains an article on " Religious Liberty," in respect to which the magazine says editorially:Š " In the days of our fathers there existed only one opinion as to religious liberty, but civilized human nature finally rebelled against compulsion in religion, as well as other matters, and to-day we enjoy much greater freedom from the tyranny of the ChurchŠthanks largely to societies, such as the National Religious Liberty Association, the secre-tary of which, Mr. A. 0. Tait, 'has treated us to a very able article on the subject in this issue." IT has not been heretofore understood that this country had a national religion, but instantly, upon the legislation by Congress which shows that to be a fact, there are found those who not only realize it but do not hesitate to say so, in so many words. The Christian Standard says : "And, indeed, that which is precious in our national heritage centers in our national religion." That religion is the re-ligion of which Sunday observance is the distin-guishing mark, and that mark all its followers must receive. A careful study of the tenth chapter of Revelation is of much value in this connection. THE Register, Red Bank, N. J., publishes the fol-lowing in reference to the Sunday law crusade now in progress at Atlantic Highlands:Š " The people of Atlantic Highlands have formed a Law and Order League to put down all Sunday traffic which is in violation of the Sunday laws of the State. If the Law and Order League mean business, let them begin their work by having the officials, of the Central railroad arrested for Sunday traffic. Let them arrest the captains and officers of the steamboats that ply between New York and Atlantic Highlands. Let them arrest all the travel-ers who use the boats and trains on Sunday, for such traveling is against the law. If they really believe in what they say, they will do this, and they won't arrest the poor Italian fruit sellers, and bar-bers, and newspaper dealers, until they have made examples of the rich and powerful corporations. If they allow the rich corporations to violate the law while they seek to punish poor and uninfluen-tial people for doing the same, they will prove themselves to be arrant humbugs, and to be without moral courage. If the Sunday Blue Laws are to be enforced, enforce them against everybody, rich and 