196 AlIERICAN SENTINEL. the most prominent members, beaded by a brass band. The procession sang hymns and offered prayers. "The day is coming," says the Christian Statesman, "when such victories celebrated in some such way will be com-mon all over the country." But such methods of celebration will always have a flavor of politics and paganism rather than of Chris_ tianity. The Supreme Court and the Trusts. PROBABLY no decision of the United States Supreme Court ever occasioned more agitation in the realm of business in this country than that recently given, known as the Trans-Missouri Freight Association decision, sustaining the validity of the Sherman Anti-Trust law, and applying its restrictions to agreements between railways for the purpose of fixing rates of transporta-tion. The Anti-Trust law upon which the decision is based specifies the following:Š. "Every contract combination in the form of a trust or otherwise, or conspiracy in restraint of trade or com-merce among the several States or with foreign nations, is hereby declared to be illegal. "Every person who shall make any such contract or engage in any such combination or conspiracy shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be punished by fine not exceeding $5,000, or by imprisonment not exceeding one year, or by both said punishments in the discretion of the court." The Supreme Court holds that these provisions ap-ply to agreements between railways as above described. and renders,the parties thereto liable to the penalties of the law. The importance of this decision is seemingly of great magnitude. This is evident from the fact that the busi-ness of railway transportation is the greatest of all American industries. It must not be hastily concluded, however, that this decision constitutes a victory of the people over the trusts. Whether the railways will not find some way to evade the decision, remains to be seen. Nor can these railway trusts be properly included among those "com-binations in restraint of trade," which have so arbitra-rily and unjustly extracted money from the public purse. The rates of railway transportation as fixed by these associations cannot be said to have greatly exceeded the demands of equity. In support of such associations it is pointed out that before their organization, competition between the roads had resulted in an interminate series of "rate wars," which produced such a fluctuation in prices that "a merchant was afraid to order goods to-day for fear a ' cut ' in the cost of transportation to-morrow would cheapen the goods and enable a local rival to undersell him." A reversion to this state of things, it is maintained, would be an injury both to the railways and the entire community. Ł Nevertheless it must be admitted that the principle of independent business standing and of free competition in trade is violated by these railway pools no less cer-tainly than it is by the most oppressive trust. If this pronouncement of the Supreme Court would be construed as forming a precedent for future decisions relative to the legality of methods employed by the trusts, it might properly be regarded as a victory for the interests which stand opposed to trusts. But it remains for the courts, to decide how much value, if any, this decision will have in this direction. Is THAT a good law which prohibits as a crime the selling of flowers on the streets, while allowing the free sale of tobacco? Such is the Sunday law of New York City. It is one of the fruits which shows the nature of the tree that bears it. Ballot and Bullet.ŠNo. I. ' BY H. E. GIDDINGS. IN the Twentieth Century Review, No. 1, page 3, this language appears: "Thus it is that human forces are very nearly equally divided and arrayed against each other whenever the long-suffering honest half can endure abuse no longer, and call a halt for battle either by bal-lot or by bullet. A Christian' cannot use the latter means (the bullet), however much he has been wronged, yet oftentimes he neglects the former (the ballot), how-ever much his fellows have been wronged, thereby doing two contrary acts under one professional flag, with the mistaken idea that one whose citizenship is in heaven is at liberty to neglect payment of the peaceable ballot tribute due the `powers that be' which are `ordained of God' to keep people civil.' " There are several points here employed which would have been of untold value in this most important of all times had they been treated logically instead of being carelessly thrown together, as in this quotation. It is stated here that the Christian cannot use the bullet. This is true. The child of God is told first in the sixth commandment, "Thou shalt not kill." Christ shows the depth of this principle by saying that hatred in the heart is murder, Matt. 5:21, 22 and 1 John 3:15 and still further in Matt. 5:44, 45 : "Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you; that ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven." It is true that the Christian cannot employ any means to kill his fellowmen. Rom. 12:19. "Dearly be-loved, avenge not yourselves . . . for it is written, vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord." Let us put to the test of logic the coupling of this quoted paragraph : The Christian cannot use the bullet, but is in duty bound to use the peaceable ballot. 