THE AMERICAN SE,NTINE11- 119 rczkericomA,x, lioloils Liliertll fissoGiation sicAor Jusrjez  ,c)  .45°. Ł1/4 (14W."-.44t5y.  '4" Me AND SHE-  meitt011  tCREV05"1\4n::45P  DECLARATION OF PR1NGIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religions and civil liberty. OFFICES: 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WAsUINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 207 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICA. R. C. PORTER  A. F. BALLENGER 1ŁŁŁŁ11M,  CONGRESSMAN CAMPBELL, of this city, on the 4th inst., introduced a bill into Congress which pro-vides for the cancellation of all taxes and assess-ment of any kind or nature, now or heretofore levied by. the District upon the-building and ground actually occupied and used by the House of the Good Shepherd of the City of Washington. ACCORDING to the Mail and Express the street-car companies of Chicago will not take any part in the agitation of the Sunday-closing of the World's Fair, either for or against. This destroys a sensa-tional point made by Rev. Mr. Stevenson, in a late hearing before the Senate Committee on the Quadro-Centennial, in which he declared that a represent-ative of the Chicago street railroads had said that fifty thousand dollars would be spent, if need be, to compass Sunday opening. AMONG those "under conviction" at Algona as a result of the revival in that city, isfa barber who has informed the church of his choice, that if they will close the other barber shops of the place on Sunday, he wil join their church and close his shop. His proposition has been accepted, and action has been taken in due form. But the other barbers have employed the usual tactics of retaliation and seek to close the butcher shops, restaurants, livery stables, and news stands. We await results with interest,ŠWorkers' Bulletin, Des Moines, Iowa. THE following extract is from the proceedings of a recent session of the city council of Atlanta, Georgia. " I have here a petition touching the switching of cars on Sunday, and an ordinance on the same sub-ject," said Mr. Turner, chairman of the electric light committee. " The ordinance permits railroads to switch trains arriving in the city after midnight Saturday from that hour up to 8 o'clock Sunday morning, and again after 10 o'clock Sunday night, when the cars are loaded with live stock or perishable stuff." " Isn't that against the State laws ? asked Mr. Woodward." "No," answered Mr. Turner, "this is in conform-ity with the State law. By our city laws all switch-ing of freight trains must stop at midnight Satur-day, and remain standing until midnight Sunday. This new ordinance permits roads to switch live stock and perishable stuff up to 8 o'clock Sunday morning, and again after 10 o'clock Sunday night. That in no way affects the men and still gives them an opportunity to go to church." The ordinance was adopted. For sometime past the railroads have been pro-hibited from doing any switching or other work in  Atlanta, on Sunday; but because of the difficulty of enforcing this restriction the Common Council now passes an ordinance permitting switchmen and other railroad employes to desecrate a portion of the day, and then have "an opportunity to go to church" for confession. If the day can be dese-crated have they pot violated its sanctity just as much as if they had worked the entire twenty-four hours ? Such ordinances as this should convince thinking people that this whole Sunday-law move-ment is gotten up by a set of religionists that have lost their faith in God and his power to act upon the minds and consciences of men, and so they go about to establish laws to compel men to appear to be. religious, and construct these laws to suit the various kinds of hypocrites that they create. Elsewhere in the same State a similar course has been taken by the "city fathers," as is shown by this special from Savannah:Š Nothing could be bought openly in Savannah to-day except drugs. Everybody closed up. Even the barbers, despite the city ordinance giving them the right to keep open in the morning, thought it best to shut up their shops. The news stands fol-lowed the example of the others, and one newsboy was arrested for selling papers on the street. It is the first time, at least since the war, that business has been so generally suspended on Sunday. The South is proving a good field for religious law. It has ever been that the climatic indolence induced by a southern sun has bred that moral inertia which leads people to formulate their con- science into a civil law, and file it away in the proceedings of a city council, as a handy weapon to have ready for use in a moment of hot blood, THE Freedom of Worship bill before the New York Legislature was " killed " in the House on the 6th inst. by a close vote. Mr. Connolly stated that the object of the bill was to permit the observance of the ceremonies of the Catholic Church in the House of Refuge on Randall's Island. The Catholic Church demanded this " as a right." General Rusted said that he was opposed to the bill under any circumstances. " It is an un-Ameri-can bill," he said. "It's not the State's business to enforce any form of worship on anybody. I believe the Church and the State should be kept apart, and that religious bills should be kept out of the Legis-lature. State interference with religion never did any good." Progress of Religious Legislation at Washington. THE city of Washington has been for some weeks, and still is, beseiged by " National Reformers." The committees which have in charge the religious measures,Šthe bill to forbid expositions opening on Sunday, to which the Government has made appropriations; and the Sunday law for the Dis-trict of Columbia, Šhave had these measures made more prominent to them than any other matter presented for the consideration of Congress. Every senator and representative has been sounded as to their individual opinion on these questions by the New York Mail and Express and Independent, and the result has been followed up by persistent per-sonal interview, until now the advocates of legisla-tive religion are beginning to know their political friends; those whom they can use, whom cajole, whom intimidate; and now the progress of political religion is marked by all the organized form of a regular political campaign, and accompanied by all its accessories of wire-pulling, shrewd legislative methods, and appeal to personal interest and repu-tation. It is the fixed purpose of those who are attempting to close the World's Fair on Sunday, by congressional action, to block legislation upon the World's Fair, if possible, unless their requests are complied with. Their fervor upon the question is rising almost to the height of a mania. Hundreds of thousands of petitions are being sent in to congressmen asking that no appropriation be made  unless the Sunday-closing provision be inserted, so that every issue of the Congressional Record shows a large proportion of the petitions presented to be for that purpose. So many are they that even the Christian Statesman, is satisfied, and cries that at last the petitions are coming. The committemen are overwhelmed with them and are asking, Are there none on the other side ? None which show that a few at least of our constitutents understand that this is not a matter which properly calls for congressional legislation ? When congressmen yield to the insistency of these mistaken religionists it will be against their own private convictions, in the majority of cases. THE churches are, of course, being used to their utmost in the effort to mold public opinion, and reach the ears, also, of the church-going congress- men. On Sunday, April 3, at the First Congrega-tional Church, Rev. H. H. George, Mrs. M. E. Catlin, and the lady secretary of the petition branch of the Sunday-closing department of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, spoke on the subject of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair and the efforts to attain it by the help of the Congress of the United States. Mr. George repeated the usual appeal for the laboring man, and for respect to the demands of this Christian Nation, of which three- quarters, as he claimed, were professing Christians. He inveighed against those who oppose legal and legislative action on these questions most bitterly and intensely, saying that the time was coming when that small minority which is dissatisfied with the present Sunday laws will have to leave this country and go where there is no Sabbath, and there live with a continental Sunday, and die there, and go to the place where they belong. The place where they belonged seemed so definite in his own mind that it apparently did not occur to him to elaborate any further, so his hearers filled that out according to their individual tastes. Mr. George had evidently read Justice Brewer's presentation from the Supreme Bench, of the history of the establishment of religion in this country, for he coincided with him as to the reli-gious significance of the discovery of this continent, and said that Columbus took the New World not only in the name of the Queen of Spain, but also set up the cross and took it in the name of Jesus Christ as well. Mrs. Catlin told of the petitions which she had received and transmitted to Congress during the month of March, amounting to one hundred and eighty-six thousand, asking that Congress take measures to close the World's Fair on Sunday. The lady secretary gave complete statistics of their whole petition work. IT is remarkable how every bill to license the liquor traffic always has the sop of a Sunday-closing clause thrown in. Every session of Congress sees three or more of these offered for the District of Columbia. The last one is a high license, calcu-lated to make whisky selling a gilt-edged business, and highly moral, because in the hands of a select class of Sunday-keeping Christian saloon-keepers. When Satan makes his final visit to this world and announces himself a strict Sunday observer, what a cry there will be that he is not so black as he was painted! W. H. M. THE Michigan Sabbath Watchman says it "feels called upon to say that the time has arrived when every Ministerial Association, Conference, General Conference, Synod, and Assembly, Sabbath School Convention, Epworth League Chapter, Christian Endeavor Society, Young Men's Christian Associa-tion, the Good Templars, Sons of Temperance, the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, th e Am erican Sabbath Union, and all other organizations effected for Sabbath observance should resolve and declare that if it is ultimately decided to open the gates of the Exposition on Sabbath, or to permit the sale of intoxicating liquors on the grounds, that the Exposi-tion is absolutely unworthy' of their respect, and that they will not patronize the Exposition in any way whatever." Look at the list! What an array of religious or-ganizations And yet we are told that this move-ment for enforced Sunday observance is not for religious ends, and Sunday laws are not religious laws PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. 