E,'qual and &xact Justice to all Men, of Whatever State or Persuasion, religious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, MAY 5, 1892. NUMBER 18. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK, Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. I3oLLmAN, W. H. McKEE. THE Christian Statesman has not yet explained how it can consistently adver-tise Sunday trains while denouncing and boycotting Sunday papers. There are a good many people who would like to understand the niceties of this question. -0- WE are reminded by a recent article in Our Country, of the story of the man who determined to whip his wife: If, on reach-ing home, ho found her up, he would whip her for not being in bed; but if he found her in bed, he would whip her for not being up. This is about the attitude of our Boston contemporary toward the Ro-man Catholic Church. -0- IN the past, Protestants have justly com-plained of Rome because she refused to recognize the validity of Protestant mar-riages. Now, Our Country, which, if not truly Protestant, is, at least, intensely anti-Roman Catholic, complains bitterly be-cause the College of the Propaganda at Rome has decided in a certain case that a marriage performed by a Methodist minis-ter was valid. -0- THE facts which constitute the ground of our Boston contemporary's complaint are stated by that paper substantially as follows :Š Years ago a Mr. William Grant, of Connecticut, before he was a Catholic, was married to a Roman Catholic woman by a Methodist clergyman. Sub-sequently Mr. Grant joined the Roman Catholic Church, and still later, under the laws, and in accordance with the laws of Connecticut, he secured a divorce, and afterward was legally mar-ried. This divorce the Roman Catholic Church of  Bridgeport would not recognize, and Mr. Grant applied for an ecclesiastical divorce, on the ground that a Methodist marriage was not recognized by the Catholic Church. For four years the case dragged along in the courts of the church, when last summer the case was decided by the Hartford diocese against Mr. Grant. The latter appealed to the arch-episcopal tribunal in Boston, which re-versed the Hartford decision. The question was then taken to Rome, and the decision is that the first marriage, solemnized by the Methodist min-ister, was valid, Š0Š ON the strength of these facts, Our Country says :Š How long do the American people mean to stand such high-handed interference with their civil in-stitutions ? If the American people do not propose to surrender to the papal church their sovereignty, their honor, and their rights, and undo what their fathers secured through the sacrifices of the Revo-lution, then something will have to be done, and that speedily. This is unspeakably foolish under the circumstances. To us it seems that this was a very proper decision. The marriage contract was entered into in good faith, and was for years recognized by both the State and the Church; by Protestants and by Catholics ; and how could the authorities at Rome decide that the marriage never was valid? Evidently they could not; but that was the only question before them; and the decision does not, as Our Country insists, " furnish another proof of the Pope's claim of supremacy over the State." It is true that the Pope makes that claim, but there is absolutely nothing in this case to show it. -0- THE decision in this case says nothing of the civil status of the marriage at all; it is simply to the effect that according to the faith, rules, and usages of the Roman Catholic Church, Mr. Grant was married to the Woman from whom he was divorced by the civil law; and that, as the Catho-lic Church does not sanction divorce, the woman to whom Mr. Grant was first mar-ried is still his wife in the eyes of the Church; and consequently, that he is now living with his second wife, not in holy wedlock, but in adultery; and that so long as he continues in that relation lie is not  entitled to receive from Catholic priests the sacraments of the Catholic Church. The decision is one that can not be prop-erly assailed on the ground that it is in opposition to the laws of the State. The church can not in such things be governed by State laws, any more than the State can be governed by church laws. To make this matter more plain, let us suppose that a member of the Methodist Church wishes to sell intoxicating liquors. He knows that it is contrary to the rules of the Methodist Church; but he is very anxious to engage in the business; and so secures a license under the laws of the State. He then says to the church : The State grants me this privilege and you dare not disfellowship me, for that would be to array the authority of the church against that of the State. The church would very properly say : We can not take our rules of discipline from the State; we have nothing to do with the State, except as individuals to share with other citizens the burdens and benefits incident to civil government. As a church we recognize no authority but the great Head of the Church, Jesus Christ; his law alone is our rule; and as we believe that liquor selling is in violation of that law, we can not fellowship you if you en-gage in it, even if you have a license from the State. Š0-- THIS hypothetical case is exactly par-allel to the case of a man who gets a divorce in accordance with the laws of the State, and then marries again in vio-lation of the laws of the church of which he is a member. A church, whether Catholic or Protestant, has a perfect right to enforce its rules by withholding the sacraments; or as we Protestants put it, by withdrawing the hand of fellowship; and this is often done by both Protestants and Catholics for acts, which, according to the civil law, are perfectly proper. Our Country ought to temper its zeal with discretion. Such unreasonable attacks only injure the cause they are designed to 