10 Amunia&N giN,11PladknDIL., VOL. 9, Xo. 6, Protection to Religion. THE idea that Christianity must be " protected " by the State is so common in these daysa  that even the Baptists, who have always been in the front ranks of the advocates of religious liberty, are falling into the error. Thus, in noticing a pam-phlet from the pen of Sir Theodore Hope, formerly of the Council of the Governor General of India, the Freeman says:Š Sir Theodore is dissatisfied with the amount of sup-port given by the State to Christianity in India. We are glad he does not advocate the establishment of the Church of England in that part of the British Empire. So far as we are concerned, we should be glad if the State ceased to show the least favor to any church or clergy, but dealt out to all the same measure of protec-tion in the exercise of undoubted rights and of the religious freedom to which every subject of the British crown is entitled. At the same time we agree that the State should provide the ministrations of religion for those of its servants that are withdrawn from their homes and placed in localities where, without such provision, they would be deprived of these ministra-tions. But in the appointment of chaplains or minis-ters in these instances no denomination should enjoy advantages or suffer disadvantages more than any other denomination. Beyond this the State should not go, and within these limits the State should act with caution. " Protection " is necessary for false sys-tems of religion, for they could not exist without it. Since they originate with man, of course they must be upheld by human power. A religion without power, is no religion at all; and a religion that does not come from God, and does not have him to support it, must necessarily derive its power from the State. The very fact that a religion asks and receives the protection of the State, shows that the State is above it; for the greater never seeks protection from the less. That which is protected is weaker than that which protects. This obvious fact also shows that when men ask for State protection of Christian-ity, they have lost sight of its divine ori-gin.. They must have forgotten that the gospel is the power of God unto salvation, or else they could not ask human protec-tion for it. For the State to offer its pro-tection to Christianity, or for ministers of the gospel to ask for it, or even to consent to receive such protection in behalf of Christianity, is an insult to its Founder. There is but one thing that the religion of Christ asks from men, and that is that they should put themselves under its pro-tection. It is not in the world asking fa-vors, but giving them. Who can read the second Psalm, and then talk about State protection of any-thing pertaining to the gospel of God ? Let us read : " Why do the heathen rage, and,  the people imagine a vain thing ? The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against the Lord, and against his Anointed, say-ing, Let us break their bands assunder, and cast away their cords from us. He that sitteth in the heavens shall laugh; the Lord shall have them in derision." This shows that the kingdom of God has nothing to fear from earthly rulers. All the powers of earth in combination cannot destroy it; their thoughts of in-juring it are nothing but vanity. But if they have, no power to injure it, neither have they any power to protect it. For example, a great power like that of Eng-land, would laugh at a declaration of war against it by some petty tribe in Africa; what an absurdity it would be, therefore, for it to ask the protection of that same petty tribe. That is the way the case stands with the religion of Jesus Christ and, earthly governments, only the differ-ence 'is infinitely greater. Therefore the  Lord says, "Be wise now, therefore, 0 ye kings; be instructed, ye judges of the earth." Instead of ministers of the gospel asking for the protection of kings, they are instructed to offer to all men, includ-ing kings, the protection of God, if they will receive it. A word as to the duty of the State to provide the ministrations of religion to those who are withdrawn from their homes. It can indeed provide the minis-trations of religion to such ones, but it cannot provide the ministrations of the Christian religion. The State cannot give that which it has not; and the State has' not the gospel, for the gospel is the power of God. Therefore whenever the State goes into the business of providing the ministrations of religion, it can at best provide nothing but a modification of Christianity,Ša form of godliness without the power. What then shall be done for those who are withdrawn from their homes and placed where there are no churches to which they can have access ? The answer is, Let the true ministers of Christ seek them out, and minister to them, if they will receive such ministration. Christ came to seek and to save that which was lost, and it is the duty of his followers to do likewise. If men in such places do not wish the ministrations of religion, then they are not to be forced to receive it by the State. Christ came to proclaim lib-erty; and freedom to accept the gospel, means freedom to reject it; and this Christ gives to every man. But no minister can adequately proclaim the liberty wherewith Christ makes men free, when he has so limited an idea of that liberty that he thinks it needs the protection of the civil power.ŠPresent Truth, London, Eng. Church and State and the Hawaiian Question. 1. Is there any phase of the Hawaiian question into which the Church and State principle enters ? 2. Has republicanism a divine right ? 3. Will the United States become the moral and religious arbiter of the world ? 4. Is this the mission of our Government ? 5. What is the nation's present duty ? In answer to the first question it is suf-ficient to cite an extract from an article in the December number of the North American Review, entitled, " Our Pres-ent Duty," by the Hon. William M. Springer :Š The pretext for this intervention (with the govern-ment of the Hawaiian Islands) is based upon the al-leged fact that the government of the queen of the Hawaiian Islands was a " semi-barbaric monarchy resting on no solid or moral foundation, dead in every thing but its vices, coarsely luxurious in its tastes and wishes, constantly sending out impure exhalations, and spreading social and political demoralization throughout the islands." This is the indictment made against the monarchy by the late minister, Mr. Ste-vens, who, after leaving the islands, further assails the government to which he was so recently accred-ited as a diplomatic representative, by charging that the queen has sustained scandalous and immoral re-lations with one of her ministers. This being the alleged condition of the government of Hawaii, an appeal is made to the moral sentiment of the American people to justify the overthrow of that government and establish in its stead what its friends and sup-porters have denominated " a Christian government," by which we may assume, is meant a government whose administrators profess the Christian religion. It may be freely said that this is but one, and among the first, of the perplexing diplomatic questions which the Govern-ment of the United States will be called upon to settle, now that she has enlisted herself in the crusade of the nineteenth  century, first, by denominating herself a " Christian nation," and then, by her " Christian " legislation in ordering the gates of the World's Fair closed on Sun-day, to preserve the sanctity of that day. While important considerations, other than the moral phase of the Hawaiian question, arise, it is nevertheless true that one of the main, if not the main prop of Ex-Minister Stevens' plea for annexa-tion, rests upon morality or " Christian civilization," as any one will readily con-clude by reading his " Plea for Annexa-tion," in the December number of the North American Review. The opening sentence of this plea is :Š A grave question is now before the American people, the wrong solution of which will deeply affect the moral standing of the United States before the world; followed by the question, " Will the American nation stand by its century's record in favor of republican government and of free Christian civilization, or will it repudiate its past by using its power to murder its offspring and to stamp out the reforming work of pure and noble men and women who have made the Hawaiian Islands what they are, thus following the once infamous example of the Austrian Hapsburgs in stifling the noble aspirations of Italy and Hungary ? So, according to Mr. Stevens, the grave question before the American people in regard to the Hawaiian annexation, is its "moral standing," and whether it will maintain its record in favor of "free Christian civilization," or follow the "infamous example of the Austrian Haps- burgs." The truth of the relation of the Austrian Hapsburgs to Italy and Hungary was whether Austria or Italy should be its own pope and oppress the other; and whether Hungary should maintain na-tional Protestantism or whether the papal house of Hapsburgs should domineer. So they went to war over these questions and Austria gained supremacy over Italy for the time being, and put down Protestant-ism in Hungary. Now, shall the United States "stifle the noble aspirations" of Hawaii by letting her alone, or shall she compel her to be-come "Christianized" ? While Mr. Stevens himself would follow the " infamous ex- ample" of the Hapsburgs, in`persuading the United States Government to enforce " Christianity " upon Hawaii, which is the papal principle and ought not to be supported, yet is it not a difficult question for the United States to settle and be con-sistent with the position to which she has committed herself in national compulsory Christianizing ? Isn't Stevens' plea con-sistent with our nation's recent conduct in religious legislation ? And isn't she bound to listen to his plea or repudiate this reli-gious legislation to which she has com- mitted herself and shake herself clear of it ? Can she not see that in transforming her republican and liberty-loving charac-ter to that -of a religious despot, she has taken a long step downward toward decay and ruin, and that she has committed her- self to a course which will inevitably lead her to destruction ? As further evidence that morality is one of the mainstays of Mr. Stevens' plea for annexation, read the following extract from President Cleveland's message to Congress on the Hawaiian question, which shows that he not only recognized the moral side of Stevens' plea, but even re-gards it the most prominent and places it first in characterizing that plea. Speak-ing of Stevens, he says : " He addressed a long letter to the Secretary of State, in which the case for annexation was elabo-rately argued on moral, political and economical grounds." It is rather signifi-cant that the President does not, in this 