...tilt LAW OF Goo  — EX 20 2. I AM 'Mr LORD 00 400.wFIXE Y.A.VE ISROUGHT1-11[E. Or 7 .41.7111aLt 1=X Ł VII. Xxx0 VI.11 1, si:hki:i.r4 ac. u,si,11111L'35.1.4.C1+51,1 , 46 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Take Note. OUR friends will please take note that the special rates offered on individual short-time subscriptions during December expired with January 1. The offer cannot be continued indefinitely. It was simply given as an induce-ment to do missionary work for the paper during that month. Also that the special clubbing rate of $2.00 on the Review and Herald and SENTINEL expired with the first of the year, and the publishers refuse to honor orders at this rate since that date. The Cyclone Washer. THE Cyclone Washer, advertised in another column, is continuing its whirl, even though times are hard. The secret is found in its merit. Mr. W. W. Locke, one of the agents, in Hamilton Co., New York, writes : "I have found various styles of washing machines in use here, and the only way I can succeed is to put a washer on trial wherever I find a person who says he would buy one if it gave satisfaction after testing it. I have never yet failed to sell a machine wherever I have left it on these conditions." For terms to agents and other particulars, Ł address Messrs. Coon Bros., Battle Creek, Mich. HP Illustrating the Travels of Paul. Very useful for Sabbath Schools Especially when studying the Book of Acts. Clear and plain. Size 52x71 inches. Printed on cloth. Regular price,, $5. We will send it to any address Postpaid for $4. Order now and get the benefit of 'a splendid help in the Sabbath School or family. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York. _ SOMETHING NEW, NEAT, NICE, And necessary, if you would know, and have others know the C011PLETE DECALOGUE as God spake it from Sinai's flaming summit. A CHART 12x18 INCHES. On thick paper, mounted at top and bottom with metal and ready to hang on the wall. Postpaid, 25 Cents. Postage stamps acceptable. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 39 Bond Street, New York City, N. Y. " It is the Grandest Book Says a lady who has read tile book I Ever Bead," "Christ Our Saviour," By MRS. E. WHITE. WE have in this book the life of "Christ Our Saviour" from his birth to ascension, given in simple and direct language. It is printed in large, clear type, and is finely illustrated by engravings made especially for it. 6 The simplicity with which this "Old, Old Story" is told, the aptness of the illustrations, and the general appearance of the better bound styles will attract and hold the reader's attention to the very close. It makes an excel-lent birthday or holiday gift to a friend, either young or old. 160 large octavo pages, bound as follows, and will be sent postpaid at prices given. Presentation edition, two colors, vellum cloth, embossed in jet, green and gold, beveled edges, gilt top  $1.25 Fine English cloth, embellished aluminum cover  .75 Cloth back, board covers, in colors  .50 Heavy tag-board covers. Bible Students' Library, No. 141  .35 Also published in board and cloth at 50c and 75c in German, Swedish, Danish, and Spanish languages. Address, PACIFIC, PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond Street, New York. OAKLAND, CAT,. 'KANSAS CITY, MO. Sunbeams of f,ealth anb Eemperance. This is a unique work in which the author has under-taken to present a vast amount of inter-esting information in such a manner as to be not only instructive but entertaining. The following are the titles of the prin-cipal sections of the work : The House We Live In; The Habitations of Men; Some Strange People and Their Strange Manners ; The Bills of Fare of all Nations ; Dame Fashion and Her Slaves; Health and Temperance Miscellany; Hygiene for Young Folks. Over 224 eluarto pages. Illustrated by hundreds of engravings. One of the most interesting volumes everpublished. Regular price. We will send postpaid. Cloth, plain edges, $2.25. ' $1.25. Cloth, gilt edges, 2.50. 1.50. Pacific. Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. Ł entitled, 