THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 345 Fair Work, Mrs. W. E. Thompson, Milwaukee; Fran-chise, Mrs. Maude Sanders, Milwaukee ; Christian Citizenship, Mrs. M. A. B. Smith, Madison. I regret that I cannot speak of these reports now, but I may be allowed to at some future time. I also regret that I cannot give even a very brief synopsis of the several able addresses and especially is this so of the lectures given by Mrs. Mable Conklin, New York, national lecturer, and Miss Marie C. Brehm, Chicago, Ill., superintendent franchise department, National W. C. T. U. At proper times there were devotional exercises, which were very helpful, this is especially true of the consecration services. They helped very much in maintaining sweet Christian influence during the three very busy days of the convention. OFFICERS ELECTED. The election of officers was done in a quiet man-ner and were as follows : President, Mrs. Mary C. Upham, Marshfield; vice-president, Mrs. G. I. Follett, Spencer; corresponding secretary, Mrs. W. A. Law-son, Baraboo ; recording secretary, Mrs. Augusta E. C. Strong, Baraboo ; treasurer, Mrs. Ida M. Cooke, Green Bay; editor of the Motor (official organ), Mrs. Maria F. Hanchett. The following named persons were chosen as dele-gates and alternates to THE NATIONAL CONVENTION to be held in Washington, D. C., in November ; Dele-gate, Mrs. G. I. Follett of Spencer ; alternate, Mrs. Bes-sie N. Prothero of Ashland ; delegate, Dr. A. J. Shaw of Eau Claire ; alternate, Mrs. J. B. Hoagland of Menomi-nee; delegate, Mrs. Jennie E. Kinmore of Baraboo; al-ternate, Mrs. Martha E. D. Hurlburt of Fond du Lac; delegate, Miss Clara Peters of Monroe ; alternate, Mrs. Mecca Varney, Monroe; delegate, Mrs. L. A. Hodge of Waunakee; alternate, Mrs. M. A. B. Smith of Mad-ison; delegate, Miss Pamella A. Hand of Elkhorn; alternate, Mrs. Isaac Ellsworth of Milwaukee; dele-gate, Mrs. Hannah Patchen of New London ; alter-nate, Mrs. Alma Robb of Green Bay. Aside from these the officers of the W. C. T. U. of this state will represent the union at the national convention. WISER COUNSELS PREVAIL. During the Thursday forenoon session Mr. J. B. Davidson of Milwaukee, secretary of the Sunday Rest Day Association, was presented to the convention by the chair, Mrs. Mary C. Upham. While speaking he asked the delegates to make a motion that the chair write a letter to President McKinley condemning his action in recently giving a Sunday dinner party. Mr. Davidson urged it in the strongest language he could command both in feeling and voice quality. He was  very sorry indeed that President McKinley, who had been such a good Sabbath-keeper before should thus break the Sabbath. At the close of his remarks the chair sweetly and smilingly replied : "I hope, ladies, that you will not make any such motion," but added, "If I see him I can speak to him with better effect than to write to him." Here the matter was dropped, for no motion was made. In the afternoon session the sub-ject came before the convention in the form of a reso-lution thus : "And hereby express our regret that the chief magistrate of our nation and his wife have low-ered the hitherto high standard of Sabbath observance at the White House by giving a social reception and Sunday dinner." A motion was made to strike it out, which was carried. Only about fifteen delegates voted against the motion, while more than three times as many delegates voted for it. This action of the con-vention was right and worthy of commendation by all God-fearing and liberty-loving people. And may all of their actions in the future be as righteous as this act is my prayer. H. W. REED. Madison, Wis. Should Majorities Rule? The question, Should the majority rule? may be answered correctly by both yes and no. In all matters of public policy touching public af-fairs the majority should rule. If a road is to be opened or a bridge to be built or a street to be paved the end sought should be the greatest good to the greatest number. But no majority, however great, has any right to trench upon the liberty of the indi-vidual. In the matter of rights the peasant is the peer of the noble, the individual the equal of all the race besides. "We hold these truths to be self-evident; that all men are created equal ; that they are endowed, by their Creator, with certain inalienable rights." As long as these words remain true so long will it be true that in the matter of inherent rightsŠrights which men have in virtue of being men, that is human beingsŠare not justly subject to the will of anybody but of the God who gave them. There is no thought more utterly ruinous to all that is noblest and best in man, than the idea that the will of the majority has anything to do with moral ob-ligation. If a thing is wrong the concurrence of all the race cannot make it right. No more can the con-demnation of all the race make wrong that which is right. "The framers of the Constitution," said Richard M. Johnson,, "recognized the eternal principle that man's relation with his God is above human legisla-tion," and of course above the voice of majorities, how-ever large. Only thus could rights be rights. That which is dependent on the will of any man or of any number of men is not a right but a privilege. B. 