NOVEMBER 1895. 357 another. They should protect equally those who live in squalor, and those who live in luxury, the irreligious as well as the religious. It is not within the sphere of any department of Government, either legislative or judicial, to determine what constitutes the Christian religion. Christians, Jews, Mohammedans, or infidels, are all equally entitled to protec-tion, regardless of their faith. Governments should protect all and favor none. And true religion asks for no favors, and flourishes in greater purity without governmental aid. PROTESTANT DOCTRINE FROM A CATHOLIC? [Evangel and Sabbath Outlook, Nov. 7.] ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN, of San Francisco, preached Sunday, Sept. '22, on " The Need of Better Sunday Observance." According to the Examiner of the next day, he said :Š The observance of Sunday lies at the root of our religious life. The Sunday is not the. Sabbath; the Sabbath is not the Sunday. The Sabbath was the festival day of the old law, and was the last day of the week. The Sunday is the religious day of the new law, and is the first day of the week. There is nothing in ecclesiastical history to warrant their con-fusion. By the special ordinance of the early church the first day of the week was set aside in memory of our Lord's resurrection on that day and the descent of the Holy Ghost upon that day. The first day was especially consecrated as that upon which all Chris-tians should worship their Lord. The Sabbath exists no longer for us. Whether this be Protestant doctrine from a Catholic, or not, it is the exact echo of what Protestants preach, and since the Catholic was' in the field with this theory for several centuries before any " Protestant " existed, we are compelled to answer the query which stands above by concluding that Protestants preach the doctrines of the Romish Church touching Sunday, and hence the growth of the " Continental Sunday " in the United States. It is useless to sow tares and then rail at the harvest. . 1 ABSOLUTE RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. [By P. a Mills, in A. P. A. Magazine, Nov., 1895.] "ABSOLUTE religious liberty" for every cit-izen and prospective citizen of this glorious country. How much that embraces; how broad, how grand the conception. How many there are, born under the folds of the Stars and Stripes, reared under that, banner that denotes freedom in every graceful wave in the breeze; where they are taught that this coun-try was the one that proclaimed to every cit-izen the " right to life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness; " whose Constitution ex-pressly declares that no religious intolerance shall be allowed in its affairs. And yet they do not seem to comprehend the first princi-ple of these utterances. But we find such men to-day organizing conventions, forming societies, instituting leagues, publishing peri-odicals, making speeches, with no other object than the avowed purpose of tearing that Con-stitution into shreds, destroying its very sen-timents of religious freedom, and placing in its stead religious dogmas, literally disfran-chising millions of as good citizens as the world can produce. What is those people's idea of religious lib-erty? It must be liberty to practice their own peculiar religion and proscribe every other person's. To arbitrarily dictate to others what their conscience shall dictate, or make con-sciences for other people. I ask every such mind how they define liberty? Is it the free-dom to trample upon every other person's  rights? Is it the freedom to make slaves? Is it true freedom to allow one to take his neigh-bor's property, despoil his goods, if he thinks it to his temporal advantage to do so? And yet this is exactly the kind of freedom this class of minds adopt, proclaim and defend when they advocate the amendment of our Constitution, placing therein a religious dogma; or maintaining the right to religious teaching in our common schools; or the en-acting of laws, by which conscientious people may be prosecuted and persecuted for doing no person an injury, but doing only what their consciences dictate on the Christians' Sunday. It is this class of minds that have made it possible, by the enacting of laws, by which Second Adventists in several States of our country have been placed behind prison bars, and worked in chain-gangs. 0, Goddess of Liberty, shade thy face with the drapery of blackness, to hide that burning shame from thy pure eyesŠthat Americans, rocked in the cradle of liberty, shall so forget their manhood as to allow such a stain upon their record, as to be guilty of imprisoning fellow-citizens for their religion! And yet it gives me pain to record that these intolerant bigots are quite numerous, and claim they are increasing in this country. Fellow-citizens of this Republic, awake! shake off the drowsi-ness from your eyes, scatter the fogs from your vision, clear the cobwebs from your minds, and with our noble Hudelson proclaim " absolute religious liberty " for yourselves, your _posterity, and our glorious country's inhabitants to all time; sweep every vestige of law from the statute books of States and nation, municipalities and districts, that shall look towards restricting any person's religious liberty. It does seem that those people, who every-one call themselves Christians, have entirely forgotten a law laid down by the one they pre-tend to adore and love: " Therefore, all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets." Matt. 7: 12. THE POWERS THAT BE. * Ii support of the doctrine that civil gov-ernment has the right to act in things per-taining to God, the text of Scripture is quoted which says, " The powers that be are ordained of God." This passage is found in Rom. 13: 1. The first nine verses of the chapter are devoted to this subject, showing that the powers that be are ordained of God, and en-joining upon Christians, upon every soul, in fact, the duty of respectful subjection to civil government. The whole passage reads as follows :Š Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God; the powers that be are ordained of God. Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God; and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation. For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same; for he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he bear-eth not the sword in vain; for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil. Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience' sake. For for this cause pay ye tribute also; for they are God's minis-ters, attending continually upon this very thing. Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honor to whom honor. Owe no man anything, but to love one another; for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law. For this, Thou shalt not coin- * From Part I, " Rights of the People, or Civil Government and Religion."  mit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. It is easy to see that this scripture is but an exposition of .the words of Christ, " Render to Osar the things that are Caesar's." In the Saviour's command to render unto Caesar the things that are Cmsar's, there is plainly a recognition of the rightfulness of civil govern-ment, and that civil government has claims upon us which we are in duty bound to recog-nize; and that there are things which duty requires us to render to the civil government. This scripture in Romans 13 simply states the same thing in other words: " Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God; the powers that be are ordained of God." Again, the Saviour's words were called out by a question concerning tribute. They said to him, " Is it lawful to give tribute unto Cmsar, or not?" Rom. 13:6 refers to the same thing, saying, " For for this cause pay ye tribute also; for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing." In answer to the question of the Pharisee about the tribute, Christ said, " Render there-fore unto Omar the things which are Caesar's." Rom. 13: 7, taking up the same thought, says, " Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honor to whom honor." These references make positive that which we have stated,Šthat this portion of Scripture (Rom. 13: 1-9) is a divine com-mentary upon the words of Christ in Matt. 22:17-21. In the previous chapter we have shown by many proofs that civil government has nothing to do with anything that pertains to God. If the argument in that chapter is sound, then Rom. 13: 1-9, being the Lord's commentary upon the words which are the basis of that argument, ought to confirm the position there taken. And this it does. The passage in Romans refers first to civil government, the higher powers,Šnot the highest power, but the powers that be. Next it speaks of rulers, as bearing the sword and attending upon matters of tribute. Then it commands to render tribute to whom tribute is due, and says, " Owe no man anything, but to love one another; for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law." Then he re- fers to the sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth and tenth commandments, and says, " If there be any other commandment, it is briefly compre-hended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." There are other commandments of this same law to which Paul refers. Why, then, did he say, " If there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself " ? There are the four commandments of the first table of this same law,Šthe commandments which Ł say, " Thou shalt have no other gods before me;" " Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of anything;" " Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain;" " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." Then there is the other commandment in which are briefly com-prehended all these,Š" Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength." Paul knew full well of these commandments. Why, then, did he say, "If there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself" ? AnswerŠBecause he was writing concerning the words of the 