102 THE .AMERICAN SENTINEL. prohibitions of the Constitution," see United States vs. More, 3 Cranch 160, and Congress never rightfully adopted this law into the statutes of the District, then, Con-gress would be guilty of cumulative un-constitutionality, in passing the law con-templated in House Resolution 3,854. Respectfully submitted, W. H. McKEE, For the Nat'l Religious Liberty Ass'n. Paganism and Christianity. BISHOP ANDREWS, who has recently re-turned from a tour of inspection of the Methodist missions in Asia, reports that he found evidences in Japan of what he re-gards as a drift toward Christianity. The whole nation, he says is permeated with the fundamental principles of Christian civilization. The same tendency has been discerned by other observers, and the advisability of formally adopting Christianity has every been discussed seriously by some of the Japanese statesmen and philosophers on the ground that the nation would profit by establishing the religion of the West. But this disposition toward Christianity is rather an indication of the absence of re-ligious ideas and convictions than of the kindling of any new and genuine faithŁ among the Japanese. The whole number of actual Christian converts there is put by Bishop Andrews at 25,000 only, while the population of the islands is about 35,-000,000; and the educated people are de-scribed by him and other travelers as doubting or utterly rejecting all super-natural religion whatsoever. Such vital religious faith as there is remains among the common people; but the skeptical philosophers -argue that so long as they have a religion of some sort it would not make much difference whether it were Christianity or Buddhism. The change, as the philosophers would make it, would be in name only. Thus the state of mind among the edu-cated Japanese is analogous to what it now is among many educated Europeans and Americans. They reject the old relig-ious faith for themselves, but they regard its acceptance by the mass of the people as valuable for the preservation of the social order and system. The colleges and uni-versities of Japan propagate religious doubt and scientific and philosophic theories sub-versive of all theology ; and yet the temples are kept up to stimulate the faith of .the humble faithful. Is not the same very-much the case here ? Our chief colleges exert an influence hostile to theological dogma and theory, but the churches con-tinue to preach and uphold as much of the old belief as ministers will consent to inculcate and the attendants to receive. [The Sun might justly have added, and it ought to, that they are-also seeking to have the State formally adopt it here as is pro-posed in Japan.ŠEDITOR SENTINEL.] This  substantial agreement with their own sen-timent and practice leads the Japanese phi-losophers to question whether they might not adopt Christianity as they see it mani-fested in the West, without any violent shock to popular prejudices and with ma-terial gain in their relations with the western civilization. That seems to be the explanation of such drift toward Chris-tianity as there really is in Japan. Nor can it be denied that they have some reason for so thinking, and that it has been strengthened by recent theological discus-sions in this country. The best of the can-didates offering themselves as missionaries for the American Board are young men who have acquired in the theological seminaries of the Congregationalists, views whose logical tendency is toward the Jap-anese position. They doubt, or absolutely reject, the old and fundamental doctrine of everlasting punishment, and would govern God by rules and under limita-tions which satisfy the requirements of human reason. In other words, reason has become their God. So, also, the Pres-byterians are demanding that their stand-ard of faith shall be made consistent with reason, though in order to accomplish the change the whole system of theology, as held by all orthodox churches, must be de-stroyed. They would make man's reason and sentiment rather than God's will to rule in the world. They are on the road to an agnosticism as complete as that of the Japanese. The Presbyterian minister who asserted in the New York Presbytery that his church was taking Colonel Inger-soll as its guide and leader, was not far wrong. The movement for a revision of the Westminster Confession is a move-ment in that direction. It seems to us, therefore, that instead of attempting to encourage a tendency toward indifferent Christianity in. Japan, Bishop Andrews and all Christian Bishops and ministers should rather bind themselves together to revive genuine Christianity at home. New York to-day is a pagan city. The majority of the people, and more especially the educated people, are as much pagans as the inhabitants of Tokio. ŠNew York Sun, February 25, 1890. IN the Baltimore Conference of the Meth-odist Episcopal Church, South, March 15, the Rev. P. H. Whisner asked for the ap-pointment of a committee of five on Sab-bath observance, saying that " there is a great struggle going on between those who wish to see the Christian Sabbath kept sacred and those who wish to do as they please on that day." Well, if a man is not a Christian— has he not the right to do as he pleases on the Christian Sabbath? Why is it that those who profess to be Christians, persist in the effort to compel those who are not Christians to act as though they were? Such a proceeding is a reproach and only causes reproach to Christianity. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submitŠting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to .legislate on. religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and" honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in estimable bleskiings of both religions and civil liberty. Ł OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO.. Religious Intolerance. As a representative of the National Re-ligious Liberty Association, the writer at--tended the March term of the Circuit C,^-.art, at Troy, Tennessee, to witness the trial of-one R. M. King, indicted for working on Sunday. Mr. King is a member of the-Seventh-day Adventist Church, a sect which, like the Seventh-day Baptists, ob-serves the seventh day (Saturday) as the-Sabbath, instead of Sunday, believing the seventh, and not the first day of the week, to be the day of divine appointment. The indictment against Mr. King reads as follows :Š Indictment vs. R. M. KING. State of Tennessee, July Term, A. D. 1889. Obion County. The Grand Jurors of the State of Tennessee, elected, empanelled, sworn and charged to inquire' in and for the body of the County of Obion, in the-State aforesaid, upon their oath present that R M. King, late of said County, laborer, heretofore, to wit::  on the 23rd day of June, A. D. 1889, and on divers. other Sundays before and after that date, and up to-the taking of this requisition, in the County of Obion_ aforesaid, then and there did unlawfully and un-necessarily engage in his secular business, and per-formed his common avocation of life, to wit : plow-ing on Sunday, and did various other kinds of work on that day and on Sundays before that day, with-out regard to said Sabbath days. Said work was-not necessary, nor done as a matter of charity and the doing of said work on said day was and is a dis-turbance to the community in which done, was of-fensive to the moral sense of the public, and was. and is a common nuisance. So the Grand Jurors. aforesaid present and say that said R. M. King was. in manner and form aforesaid guilty of a public: nuisance by such work on Sunday in a public place, prejudicial to public morals, contrary to the statute,. and against the peace and dignity of the State. J. R. BOND, Att'y-Gen. Five witnesses were called for the State,. and one for the defense. The first witness examined was J. L. Cole, who was also the. prosecutor in the case. He testified that he had seen Mr. King plowing in his field on Sunday on one occasion. There was a public neighborhood road on two sides of the field in which the plowing was done, but the field was not in sight of any place of public worship. He did not see the de-fendant plowing for more than five min-utes. On cross-examination the following questions were put to the witness by C. ELDREDGE, W. H. McKEE, President. Secretary. 