ijillillii)11000)Aloni11111111;IIII.100111,1110141111.,  1,d10100 11—  ill Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 19, 1891. NUMBER 45. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLM AN, W. H. McKEE. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL maintains the inalienable right of every man to profess any religion or none just as he chooses; and it denies the right of any association of religious people to compel those who are not religious to act as though they were, or to conform to any religious observance, or to recognize any religious institution. It likewise denies the right of the State to pronounce any religious or ecclesiastical institution a civil thing and by that means compel conformity to it. SUNDAY is, and always was, a religious festival. It was originally sacred to the worship of the sun god, and is now' very generally regarded as commemorating the resurrection of Christ, and is by many held to be the Sabbath. If it were not regarded as sacred there would be no de-mand for laws enforcing its observance. It is therefore a matter that the State has no right to touch. It is true that the friends of Sunday legislation have learned wisdom by past experience, and endeavor as much as possible to keep in the back-ground the fact that their motive is re-ligious, but they can never get away from the facts. They demand a " civil Sab-bath ;" but what they mean is a religious Sabbath enforced by civil law. IT has only been through the union of the secular and ecclesiastical powers that active religious persecution has ever been possible. Had there been no such un-holy alliance, "Fox's Book of Martyrs" could never have been written. It was  always the ecclesiastical power which con-demned, and the secular which executed the decree. This has been true in other countries and in past ages. It is to be no different in this country and at this time. The American Sabbath Union and the National Reform Association, with all their allied societies, conjointly with the Church influence, constitute the ecclesias-tical force which, by means of the Law and Order League; joins itself with the secular power to enforce the forgotten religious laws on our statute books, which have survived the Reformation, and are now fermenting in the body politic, and the whole will be permeated with the Satanic leaven. Judge Hammond and the Seventh-day Adventists. ANOTHER very important, and what would seem a rather peculiar passage from Judge Hammond's dictum in the famous King case, is the following :Š The petitioner can not shelter himself just yet, behind the doctrine of religious freedom, in defy-ing the existence of a law, and its application to him, which is distasteful to his own religious feeling or fanaticism, that the seventh day of the week, instead of the first, should be set apart by the public for the day of public rest and religious observances. That is what he really believes and wishes, he and his sect, and not that each individual should select his own day of public rest, and his own day of labor. His real complaint is, that his adversaries on this point have the advantage of usage and custom, and the laws founded on the usage and custom, and not that religious freedom has been denied to him. He does not belong to the class that would abrogate all la w for a day of rest, because the day of rest is useful to religion, and aids in maintaining the churches, for none more than he professes the sanctifying influence of the fourth commandment, the literal observance of which by himself and all men, is the distinguishing demand of his own peculiar sect. This is an important statement for more reasons than one, all of which we can not just now notice. It presumes to define for Mr. King, and the people with whom he is religiously connected, just what they really believe and wish. The thing is done, too, in such a way that it appears that the Judge considers himself capable of defining their beliefs and  wishes, according to his own views, more plainly and more authoritatively than they themselves are able to. We say that his statement is the state-ment of his own views, and not theirs, because we personally know that as a matter of fact, the views attributed to them by Judge Hammond, are not, in any sense, the views held by themselves, and which are matters of public record. In other words, we know and are abund-antly able to prove, and shall prove, that the statements made by Judge Hammond, as quoted above, are not true in any senso whatever. As to the belief and wish of Mr. King as an individual, in this respect, we are able to present it in his own words over his own signature, as the following plainly shows :- 43 Bond St., New York City, October 6, 1891. MR. R. M. KING, Lane, Dyer Co., Tenn. Dear Sir :ŠHis Honor, Judge E. S. Hammond, in his decision in your case, made certain statements in regard to your own personal faith, as to laws enforc-ing the observance of the Sabbath which you observe, which, from what I know of yourself and your people, seem certainly mistaken. I send you here-with these statements, numbered separately, with questions annexed, to which I wish you would write your own answers as to your own personal and indi-vidual belief. Please answer, and return as soon as possible, and oblige, Truly yours, ALONZO T. JONES, Editor AMERICAN SENTINEL. The statements of Judge Hammond and the questions below, were sent to Mr. King, to which he replied as follows :Š Lane, Tenn., October 11, 1891. MR. A. T. JONES, Bond Street, New York City. Dear Sir:ŠYour letter of the 6th to hand. I will now proceed to answer the questions in regard to the statements made by His Honor, Judge E. S. Hammond, in his decision on my case. [The answers to questions below, are the words of Mr. King.ŠEDITOR SENTINEL.] The Judge's statements are as follows: 1. " His own religious feeling or fanaticism [is] that the seventh day of the week, instead of the first, should be set apart by the public for the day of public rest and religious practices." Question: Is this true, or was it ever true, in any sense ? 