604 AMERICAN SENTINEL. These noble men cared not for their lives, but for the principle involved ; and with a resoluteness born only of faith in, a righteous cause, they with one accord exclaimed, "Let us reject this decree; in matters of conscience the majority has no power," and it is from this that we de-rive the term ProtestantsŠapplied to all professed Chris-tians outside of the Catholic Church. W. ELLSWORTH. The " Powers That Be." IT is a self-evident truth that all men have been "endowed by the Creator with certain unalienable rights," and that "to protect these rights, governments are insti-tuted among men, deriving their just powers from the con-sent of the governed." This sell-evident truth is in harmony with the truth stated by the Apostle Paul, in Romans 13:1, that "the powers that be are ordained of God." Truth cannot conflict with itself. That which is ordained of God is the power for the protection of the unalienable rights with which he has endowed each member of the human family. This is altogether different from ordaining any par-ticular person to exercise power over his fellow creatures. The person in civil office is simply entrusted with the ex-ercise of a portion of this power. This power entrusted to him is not arbitrary power, hilt only such power as may be necessary for the Proper discharge of the duties of his office. It used to be a common idea that God had ordained certain persons, or a certain line of persons, to be rulers over the rest of the people in the State or nation, and that these persons were privileged to exercise their power in any way that they might choose. This idea gave rise to such expressions as "the divine right of kings," "The king can do no wrong," etc. But God did not ordain any person to exercise arbi-trary power. He himself does not exercise such power. The power that is in the persons, and not the persons that are in power, is !`ordained of God." It is natural for an individual when in office to take to himself more power than belongs to him; and it is also very common for an individual to get into some seat of power who has no scruples about the manner in which he shall use it. In this way it frequently happens that in-justice is done to men by those in positions of power, and their rights, instead of being preserved, are violated. This is the way it has been in the cases of those who have suffered persecution for conscience' sake. Those in power have exercised the power entrusted to them, for an altogether different purpose than the protection of human rights. They have used it to invade the right of freedom of conscience. The Bible tells us that we are to be in subjection to the "powers that be," and that whoever "resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God." Rom. 13:1, 2.  But, as we have seen, there is a vast difference between resisting the power which God has ordained, and re-sisting a decree which represents a perversion of that power. Yet the Bible does not authorize us to resist even an unjust decree, in the sense of employing force against it. As John Bunyan stated in his reply to the clerk who had been sent to admonish him to submit himself to the king, "The law provides two ways of obeying: the one, to do that which in my conscience I do believe that I am to do, actively; and where I cannot obey actively, then I am willing to lie down and suffer what they may do to me." And Bunyan was even then giving an illustration, in Bed-ford jail, of this second way of being in submission to the powers that be. The Lord permits men to exercise power here in this world, but he has not resigned his own power, as the Sovereign who is over and above all things. He inter-venes in the affairs of men and overrules their counsels and thwarts their purposes, in whatever way his omni-scient wisdom may dictate. The word of the Lord car-ries with it an authority superior to that of any man or set of men on earth. The very fact that the power that men exercise is de-rived from God, is sufficient proof that it cannot be right-fully exercised to compel people to act contrary to God's will. A good illustration of the truth on this point is fur-nished us in the case of Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon. God had himself set Nebuchadnezzar upon the throne of earthly dominion, and commanded all people to be in subjection to him, even the chosen people of Israel. The Lord had even declared that be would punish the nation that would not submit to Nebuchadnezzar. See Jer. 27:4-8. Yet when Nebuchadnezzar made a decree that the people should bow down and worship the golden image which he had set up in the plains of Dura, the three He-brew captives, Hananiah, Michael,' and Azariah, flatly refused to obey Nebuchadnezzar's decree, and the Lord by a wonderful miracle upheld them in their refusal and justified their course; so that Nebuchadnezzar himself bowed before the Lord and acknowledged that his own word had been righteously changed in the matter con-cerning which he had made his decree. God had raised up Nebuchadnezzar and entrusted him withpower for a purpose; not such a purpose as the king might conceive in his own heart and wish to carry out, but for the purpose which God had in his own mind. God did not do this for the sake of exalting Nebuchad-nezzar, but he did it in order that he might through Neb-uchadnezzar proclaim the knowledge of himself. The power that is ordained of God is not to be used to thwart the purposcs of God. It was so in Nebuchad-nezzar's time, and it is so to-day. When this power is exercised, as it should be, to preserve human rights, it cannot interfere with God's plans. But when this power is perverted, and used for a purpose for which it 