438 AMERICAN SENTINEL. GeorgeŠIn these texts you quoted, which day is re-ferred to as the first day of the week? Miss HughesŠOur Sunday, of course. GeorgeŠThen our Sunday is the first day of the week, is it not? Miss HughesŠWhy, certainly it is. GeorgeŠIf those women you speak of kept the day just before the first day of the week, and the first day of the week is our Sunday, then which day did they keep ? Miss HughesŠWhy, our Saturday, I suppose. GeorgeŠThen our Saturday is the seventh day of the week, is it not? Miss HughesŠYes; according to our count of the days of the week. GeorgeŠThen is not our Saturday the seventh day of the week, or the Sabbath according to the fourth com-mandment? Miss HughesŠIt must be if we abide by the present numbering of the days of the week. GeorgeŠYou said, Miss Hughes, that the day Christ rose from the dead and the day thedisciples met to break bread was the first day of the week, and that it answered to our Sunday. Then how could Elder Twist say that we could call Monday the first day of the week and Sun-day the seventh, or that we could begin with any day and call it the first day of the week? Miss HughesŠI presume that Miss Lovejoy is waiting for me, as we are going to Pleasant Lake to attend the picnic to-day; so I will have to leave you and Charlie to discuss the subject between yourselves until some day when I can have more time, and perhaps I can give you further information on the subject. CharlieŠI tell you, George, you got our teacher cornered, and I more than half believe that you are right. Ł GeorgeŠI know that I am right. You think, Charlie, that I am a wild boy, and so I am; but I am not without feeling. When I go to meeting and hear the preacher talk about the love of God and how Christ came to die to save us from sin and give us the power to keep his Father's commandments, I am interested. But when I go and hear the minister mix up things as Elder Twist did last night, and tell the people that they ought to keep the first day of the week in honor of the resurrection, and that any day may be the first day of the week, and then want to enforce the law compelling everybody to keep Sunday, I don't take any stock in such preach-ing. CharlieŠBut look here, George, if we had no Sunday law most of the people would stay at home and work or play or do something else. I would rather go fishing on Sunday myself, or play ball than go to meeting, and s  I would if it was not for the Sunday law. GeorgeŠWell, then, what good does the law do you? It does not take the desire out of your heart; and just as long as that is there you might as well go. And what good does the meeting do you while you are all the time  wanting to go fishing or play ball? If there is not power enough in the preaching to take the desire out of the heart, you will never be any better by going, though you should go every Sunday as long as you live. CharlieŠThat is all true. But don't you think, George, that we ought to go to meeting and Sabbath-school? GeorgeŠYes, indeed I do, Charlie; I believe everybody ought to attend religious services. If no one went to church we would soon all be heathen. But what good does it do to compel us to go when we don't want to go? If the preachers would preach plain so that I could un-derstand them and not put such queer interpretations upon the Scriptures and mix things up so, I would like to go to church, and I am sure I would be interested. London, Ont. "THE outrage at West Point is only one of the many injustices we have to suffer," exclaims the California organ of the papal churchŠthe MonitorŠin its issue of June 12. A church that is always complaining of injus-tice and railing against its enemies, as is the habit of the Monitor, thereby most conclusively proves that its char-acter is non-Christian. Jesus Christ never did such things ; he manifested another spirit entirely. Ł -.I 4 The Protestant Pilgrimage to Rome. THE Protestant world is on a pilgrimage to Rome,Šnot a pilgrimage by railway and steamship, but one no less real; though with this difference from the ordinary pilgrimage, that it contemplates no return voyage to the place whence it started. It is a spiritual pilgrimage; and the waymarks of the journey are to be noted in the changed aspects in which the travellers view the Word of the Lord. Upon this point we give three quotations from Francis de Pressense, a well-known member of the Prot-estant society of France, and a writer for several Paris journals:Š "In old times a Protestant would take his Bible, and, reading it, or simply turning over its leaves, every word shone before his eyes as a divine Word. To-clay, when he opens the sacred Book, he must begin by asking him-self: "This part, is it really authentical? Is that Word so? Was it said by our Lord himself, or is it merely the conception of John that I read? Is it from an eye-wit-ness, or is it not more likely a statement to be looked on as a compromise opinion betweenHebrews and Christians of that remote period ?" Of the work of moderntheology of which this "higher criticism" forms a part, M. de Pressense says:Š "Modern Theology gives us a Bible of which the dis-integrated parts would require, indeed, to be printed in various colorsŠaccordinc,  to the various times and dif-ferent writersŠand a Bible that savants alone, after innumerable efforts, will be able to read with discern-ment." "Modern theology gives us a Christ impalpable, in- 