150 A.IVIVIIRJECA.NT NI@F__40 YoE. 10, No. 19. highegt convictions of right, if somebody who happens to have more religion, or superstition than righteousness sees fit to take exceptions to it he is hustled off to jail. And this is civil-ization! Bah! Our country has never yet entered the ves-tibule of civilization. We are a set of bigots, as hypocritical as we are conceited. When-ever a man gets an idea in advance of us, and beyond our stultified comprehensions, we de-nounce him as a crank, insane, a dangerous man or woman and so forth, and if, there is any technicality in law by which we can insti-tute legal proceedings, 'we proceed to confis-cate his property and deprive him of his lib-erty.ŠThe Liberator, Norton, Kansas, April 19. FIVE Seventh-day Adventists are in jail at .Dayton, Rhea County, Tenn., under convic- tion of violating the State law which forbids secular, labor on Sunday, three others having served shorter terms and been discharged. They were assessed nominal fines, which were immediately remitted by the judge, he express-ing his regret that he could not also remit the costs. They went to jail for non-payment of costs, deeming that to pay would be an admis-sion of the justice of the penalty. Their po-sition was that their religious convictions com-pelled them to obey the law of God as they perceive it, and disobey the law of man when it 'is in conflict therewith; but they value government and will not resist it, And will uncomplainingly endure penalties put upon them, but cannot accept an unjust penalty which they may peaceably resist. Therefore they refuse to pay a fine, but quietly endure the imprisonment. A letter from one of these men to his daugh- ,ter has been discovered by a representative of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, in his home, a miner's cabin in the mountains of Rhea County, and is reproduced in fac-simile in that paper, which is published' in New York " for the defense of the liberty of conscience." The letter, intended only for the eye of the child, is reprinted here to illustrate the spirit of the men now suffering martyrdom for con-science' sake in Tennessee:Š HATTIE: This is the 6th day of March in the year 1895 A. D., and in the Cove in Rhea County, Tenn., in the so-called free America, and I go to Dayton to-day expecting to go to jail for the crime(?) of believ-ing the Bible. I was found guilty by the court in one case and:have one more to come up to-day. Yet these things and worse have happened in all ages to God's peopleŠwhy not to us ? 2 Tim. 3:12. I want you to be a good girl and live for God and his truth; that is the only thing we can live for in this world, that is worth living for. Read and meditate on Heb. 11; 32-40, and you can see what awaits us only a little way in the future. But, Luke 12:32, Your father, W. S. BURCHARD. The first scripture cited reads : " All that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer per- secution. The last is, " Fear not, little flock ; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom." The citation in Hebrews is' Paul's catalogue of examples 'of the faith of heroes and martyrsŠ" And others were tor-tured, not accepting deliverance"- " (Of whom the world was not worthy)."Š" God having provided some better things for us, that they without us should not be made per- fect." The Dayton 'Republican says:Š We are not, or should not be, living .in an, ,age of religious persecution. Yet eight of our best citizens -are being kept in the county jail, because as Seventh-day.Adventists they conscientiously violated a bad - law, that says they must observe the first day of the 'week as the Sabbath instead of the seventh. A good community has been disorganized; a splendid .sdhool, that has been diffusing the rays of knowl-edge among the people, has' been broken up. The  remedy is to change the laiv; and do it as quickly as possible. The response is a bill in the Tennessee Leg-islature to make all personal property liable for fines and costs in misdemeanor cases, which would strip those hunted .victims of all their personal property and drive them from their homes.' We do not wonder that the editor of the Dayton Republican exclaims in a later issue: ',' Shades of Washington and Jefferson, look down upon us and restore our faith in, and love for,' the Declaration of Independence!" Probably these things could occur in no North-ern, State, but they do occur in several of the Southern States, and we are not without re-sponsibility here. It was only Cain who pro-tested, " Am I my brother's keeper ?" The " Christians allŠPresbyterians, Methodists, Catholics, Baptists, Episcopalians, and every denomination that worships in the name of the Lord of Hosts "Što whom the Dayton Republican appeals, owe it to the principles they profess, to exert their influence for the correction of abuses like these, in any part of this land. If we have outgrown the insanity at Salem, the intolerance that drove Roger Williams from his home, and the persecution of the peaceful followers of George Fox, let us help our brethren of the South to-outgrow the fanatic zeal which imprisons men like the Tennessee miner Burchard in Dayton jail for believing Saturday to be the divinely-appointed Sabbath. Š Ypsilanti (Mich.) Commercial, April 19. SUNDAY LAWS ARE "RELIGIOUS." From Evangel and Sabbath Outlook. THE efforts which certain advocates of Sun-day legislation make to create a distinction between the civil Sabbath and the religious Sabbath are as futile as they are sometimes amusing. It is generally confessed that the civil law has no province in directing religious faith or practice. The terms usually employed, and the " exceptions " usually made, as well as the past history of Sunday legislation, for-bid any such distinction. As for example: " Secular works " are forbidden. That term has no meaning in this connection except as contrasted with " heavenly" or " spiritual" work. " Works of necessity and mercy " have no meaning in such a connection except that they are permitted on religious grounds. The fact that preachers, priests, organists, etc., are permitted to do their regular work on Sunday, while other forms of business and labor are prohibited; shows that the distinction is made on religious grounds. The term " Lord's day," which is usually used in such laws as explanatory, has no meaning except that the day is sacred for religious reasons. The same principle is true in the matter of "disturbance." There is a general law against disturbing public worship at any time. .But the average Sunday law forbids secular work " to the disturbance of others" in the enjoy-ment of their religious rights. If the general laws are sufficient to prevent the disturbance of religious worship on the .part of Seventh-day Baptists, Quakers, and others, on other days than Sunday, there can be no ground for specific legislation touching Sunday, except that it is a day more sacred than others. A Wednesday evening prayer-meeting is as re-ligious as a Sunday evening prayer-meeting. These facts apply throughout the whole field of Sunday legislation. . . . Much is said concerning the evils of Sunday newspapers, and the objections imply that " irreligious" and " secular" reading should be prohibited on Sunday. A falsehood pub- lished in a newspaper, or an impure paragraph, or objectionable literature of any kind, is no more false or impure on Sunday than 91-1. Mon-day. These instances might be multiplied until the end of the chapter. The religious character of these laws is crowded to the front when their advocates claim that they are necessary to protect the church-services from intrusion on that day by keeping men from public worship. It is asked that Congress suppress the post-office service and the Sunday newspaper, lest these suppress the attendance at church. He would have great hardihood who should say that such action would not be based on religious grounds. The whole conception of church service and public attendance thereon rests on religious considerations. Perhaps the most popular plea with these religious, yet non-religious advocates, is that the law shall guarantee a day of rest in each week for working wen. On the other hand the advocates of Sunday laws are loud in their claim that the Lord will take care of those who observe Sunday from religious principles, even though they lose a given business posi-tion. To be consistent, the advocates of Sun-day laws should be fully satisfied if the em-ployer were compelled to give each laborer one day out of the week whether it be Sunday or Friday. On the contrary they carry their religious demands so far as to forbid Jews and Sabbath-keeping Christians from laboring on Sunday, although they have fulfilled every demand of law, human or divine, by resting on the Sabbath. The hypocrisy of such claims is a shame to Christianity and common honesty. It is also true that labor in general is so well organized and acts with such unan-imity along common lines -that it takes its leisure whenever it will, regulates the length of its day's work, and all without special in-terference by the civil law at any particular time. If the claim of the "civil Sunday" reformers were true, that the civil Sunday 'is only a legal holiday, there would be equal reason for making it a grave misdemeanor to labor on the Fourth of July or on Washington's Birthday, for these are as truly legal holidays as is Sunday. Nevertheless he who chooses to work on either of those days may do so without interference on' the part of the law, because these are not religious holidays. The same inconsistency appears when men press questions of hygiene, etc., as the ground for enforcing Sunday laws. It is well known that thousands of men and women work at night, and to excess, and under unhealthful circumstances, with general results far more detrimental to the common interests' of hu-manity, and to the 'good of the individual, than those which come from working seven days in the week. But these Sunday reform-ers do not propose to enter the domain of hygiene and general welfare at any time except Sunday, which shows that the genius of 'these laws and the real purpose of their advocates is to enforce a religious 'dogma and to accom-plish religious ends through Sunday legisla-tion. It is impossible to say how long this sort of indirect and hypocritical claims will continue. One thing is apparent: Sunday desecration increases steadily in spite of all "these claims and efforts. A notable case in point is the rapid increase of disregard for Sunday in and around Pittsburg, Pa., where the headquarters of the religio-civil reformers has been for many years. The public knows that the in-tent of Sunday legislation and the purposes which gave it birth center in religion. And since they know that the civil law, under that great charter of Christianity, the Nev Testa-ment, and under our National Constitution, has no right to interfere in religious matters, 