176 .A_Ail.BIECIC AN-  S VoL. 8. No. 22. NEW YORK, JUNE 1, 1893. iW° ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. ABOUT the only question for the courts to decide in the matter of the Sunday opening of the World's Fair is, Has Con-gress a right to use public funds to bribe people to observe Sunday ? If the Federal Government has such power why might it not secure the observance of any religious rite or institution in the same manner ? But to the SENTINEL the proposition seems as clear as the noonday sun that Con-gress has no power to do by indirection that which it is by the Constitution for-bidden to do directly. THE Signs of the Times, an Adventist paper published in California, has this to say about intolerance in Michigan: " The editor of the Christian Sabbath Watch-man, published at Detroit, Mich., wants the State to pass a law prohibiting Seventh-day Adventist canvassers from pursuing their occupation. Many people will look upon such a purpose as an ab-surd expectation, but they will see more radical measures than that find place in the statute books of some of the States before many years. The air is full of that spirit now, and it will soon settle down." THE Mail and Express has returned to the proper spelling of Sunday. This is encouraging. Now if it could be induced to drop " Roma " and give us plain, straight " Rome," the paper could be read with some satisfaction. There is little in a name, except that some reveal a wonderful deal of affecta-tion; hence the impossibility of changing the nature of anything by changing its name. Sunday is the sun's day, dedi-cated by the heathen to the worship of that luminaryŠ" the wild solar holiday of all pagan times." Calling it "the Sab-bath," " the Lord's day," or even substi-tuting " o " for "u" and making it " Son-day " does not change the fact; it is still the rival of the Sabbath, the Lord's day of the sacred Scriptures. WILL the threats of the Sunday people that the United States Army will be used if necessary to enforce Sunday closing of the Fair, have the effect of rousing the people to a sense of the grave danger that threatens this country from a religious hierarchy as desperate and cruel as the Papacy itself ? The opinion of the Attorney-General of the United States that the general Gov-ernment has the right to enforce Sunday  closing, in other words to usurp and use police power in the sovereign State of Illinois, in the interests of bigotry, is the legitimate and logical result of the de-cision of the Supreme Court that this is a Christian Nation. We need be surprised at nothing in these days of moral degen-eracy when men have, so little sense of the value of liberty that they calmly barter it for political influence, and call the base transaction " wise statesmanship." GENERAL FRANCIS J. LIPPITT, of Wash-ington, D. C., makes the following good point against the right of Congress to re-quire the closing of the Chicago Fair :Š It is hardly necessary to state that the Federal Government is one having only certain specified powers conferred upon it by the Constitution, which, in Article X. reserves all other powers " to the States and to the people ; " and that conse-quently the vast and undefined residue of govern-mental powers belongs to the States exclusively, and that these operate upon all persons and cor-porations and upon every square rod of ground within the limits of the State. Thus, if Congress should enact that no liquor should be sold within the limits of the city of Chicago, the law would be clearly unconstitutional on its face, and so would a law of Congress undertaking to prescribe what acts shall be permitted and what acts shall be pro-hibited on Sundays in the same city of Chicago. The General very properly insists that there is no difference in principle between a positive statutory command and a con-dition having the same end in view, an-nexed to a grant; between a law which assumes to accomplish an unconstitutional object by force and a condition which seeks the same end by briberyŠin other words, that the Federal Government had no more right to grant 82,500,000 to the Chicago Fair on condition that it should be closed Sundays than it would have to pass a law closing it on Sundays. " It is impossible," remarks the Post of this city, " to forecast the decision of the courts upon this position, but to the lay mind it seems impregnable." THE Press of this city says that it " is glad to see it announced by President Marquand of the Metropolitan Museum trustees that there is no intention of clos-ing the great gallery in Central Park on Sunday. It would be a civic calamity to cut off the principal opportunity that a great number of our citizens have to visit the museum at leisure. The custom of Sunday opening must be kept up, if for no other reason, because those who come to see the pictures on Sunday are the very people who are most likely to come again, and so to be benefitted by looking repeat-edly at the good and the beautiful in art. During the week the visitors are largely people from out of town. On Sun-day the great majority are our own cit-izens, and their interest means their edu-cation by repeated visits. On no other day does the museum so fully serve the purpose for which it was established as on Sunday." " SEPTEMBER 2," says the Catholic Re-view, "has been fixed by the World's Fair committee on ceremonies as the date for the Catholic Education Day. Festival Hall, so we are told, has been engaged for a celebration from 9 A. M. until noon. The ceremonies will be carried on under the direction of Bishop Spalding. Arch-bishop Feehan will preside. Among the addresse-s will be one by Archbishop Ryan, of Philadelphia,." It will be a great day for Catholics, and for a certain class of " Protestants " as it will afford them a conspicuous opportunity for displaying their flunkyism. THE New York World remarks that " the religious bodies which threaten to withdraw their evil  ibit ' from the World's Fair if the people who wish to see it are permitted to do so on Sunday, can not have a very high appreciation of the moral value of their display. Is it not lawful to do good on the Sabbath day? There is one exhibit which these men would do well to withdraw, and that is the exhibition of their seventeenth cen-tury bigotry and intolerance." WHEN the " Century Dictionary " was issued, and immediately thereafter "Web-ster's International," we thought that little or nothing more was to be expected, or even desired; but the new " Standard Dictionary," soon to be published by Funk and Wagnalls Company, promises to be superior in several respects to all other dictionaries of the English language. Under the letter " A " the " Standard " has 19,736 words and phrases, or 4,115 more than the " Century " and 5,378 more than Webster's " International ;" this not-withstanding the fact that many obsolete words found in other dictionaries have been excluded. An especially valuable feature of the work is a department of "Faulty Pro-nunciation and Faulty Diction." It gives needful instruction briefly but clearly, giving the proper form of expression, and indicating, many times, the reason there-for. The " Standard " can not fail to take the lead. Battle Creek Sanitarium Health Foods. THE unequalled health foods manufactured by the Sanitarium Health Food Company are neither made nor sold by others than their authorized agents. The Rural Health Retreat, St. Helena, Cal., is authorized to manufacture our granola and most of our other health foods for the Pacific Coast. The Union College is authorized to manu-facture granola in Lincoln, Neb., and to supply members of the Seventh-day Adventist Conference living in that State. Our granola and other special health foods are not manufactured by any other parties, SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO. BATTLE CREEK, MICH. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. angle copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per,Tear, 46 25 to-99 " " "- 100 to 249 " " " " 64 64 250 to 499 " " " " ,, " 500 to 999 " " " " 46 1000 or more " " " 44 - - 90c - - 80c - - no - - - 70c - - 65c - - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 