YFIE SENTI*1\11-,,OF E-RT Ł 429 The Ko-Lo-Wui movement does not seem to have been conducted with the same skill as the Triad. It culminated in a fiasco so pitiable as to be funny. The conspirators, thinking doubtless to profit by the ex-ample of Chinese Gordon, hired a group of European mercenaries, who were so addicted to drink that the Chinese government, aided by the English authorities at Hong Kong and Singapore, the Portuguese at Ma-cao, the Spanish at Manila and the Japanese at Yoko-hama and Nagasaki, had no trouble in suppressing the revolt in the bud. This was followed by the war with Japan in which, to their amazement, the Chinese found themselves utterly routed by a small people who for years they had called "the little brown dwarfs." The results of the war seemed to have dampened all revolutionary ardor. There were comparatively few disturbances between 1895 and 1899. Those that did occur were piratical or predatory rather than revo-lutionary. In 1898, toward the close of the year, a new society was regi§tered by the British authorities under the name of I-ho-Chuun and I-ho-Tuun. The name is essentially Mongolian in its significance. I, the first radical, means righteousness or probity, ho, peace or tranquillity and chu'un the clenched hand or the hand in action. The juxtaposition of the three radicals conveys about the same idea as the English phrase the church militant. It is on account of the last syllable or radical that the members of the latest movement have been termed Boxers. * * * The organization is conducted in about the same style as masonry in this country. * * * * In each lodge or chapter there are grades of mem-bership, and there is a system of representation in the prefectural and provincial lodges and the grand lodge. Orders are carried with remarkable swiftness, owing to the fact that in their membership there is at least a majority of the Imperial Mail carriers, as well as a small army of compradores and boatswains on the many steamers which ply the coast and the larger rivers. It is from the latter that the rioters obtain their arms and ammunition. While the trade in modern weapons is prohibited by the law of China, and the importation of such goods interdicted, nevertheless every foreign craft is allowed to carry an armory suf-ficient to repel pirates or to subdue a mutiny, and nearly every China coaster and river boat has an arma-ment of reasonable size. They have drills, and in addition nearly every officer practices regularly so as to be prepared for emergencies. Even the steam launches which are used to communicate with boats in the harbor are often armed, while their European commanders are almost invariably supplied with a revolver. The revolutionaries purchase these weap- ons from the ships, paying, of course, a very heavy profit to the mariner. He in turn has no:difficulty in resupplying himself at Hong Kong and other ports. In this fashion a steady stream of rifles, repeaters and revolvers is flowing from the Western world into the interior of China. While the amount is small for each boat, yet when it is remembered that there are several hundred boats, and that each boat,makes from four to thirty and forty trips a month, the sum total may be and probably is very large. No matter how well armed the Boxers may be they cannot prove formidable foes to ,European soldiers. They have no discipline and no officers. Even the Chinese soldiers are fictions of the most pitiable sort. The garrison, consisting nominally of five thousand troops, has actually a thousand or fifteen hundred. On inspection days, when high military officials come from the capital, provincial or national, two thousand workingmen are hired to play the soldier for one day. Their uniform is a red cloak, with a black and white ring target in the back. This with a gun, which may be an ancient Springfield musket or a Martini-Henry, a Winchester or a fowling piece, is all that distin-guishes the soldier from the. coolie. While these coolies belong to the secret societies and are employed in the riots, they constitute a miser-able and even cowardly mob. All the officers in the Chinese war service are Manchus;  with a few foreign-ers as military instructors. Scarcely one of the two hundred thousand that appear on the nation's roster is a member of these revolutionary bodies. Unless, therefore, the Manchus in whole or in part join the Boxers there is no possibility of the latter offering any very serious resistance to the contingents of the Great Powers. Nevertheless the Boxers and the Triad Society rep-resent forces which are opposed to modern civilization. While they are patriotic from one point of view they have no lofty ideals and no genuine love of liberty. If they win in the present contest they will organize a government as much unsuited to the modern age as that of the Empress Dowager. It is therefore to be hoped that the Great Powers in putting down these tremendous outbreaks will not make the momentous error of restoring the Empress Dowager to the power she possessed heretofore. What is needed is a pro-tectorate of some sort, which will faithfully and hon-estly administer the cumbrous legal and political sys-tem which is an organic part of the Chinese civiliza-tion. The revolt, be it remembered, is directed not against the system, but against the abuses and wrongs committed by those who administer that system. No other system is feasible, and none other would pro-duce good results among the four hundred millions of human beings that constitute the Empire: 