346 Von. 10, No. 44. of their legitimate authority. Yet the present kingdoms of this world are not kingdoms of righteousness, but are full of every kind of iniquity. When Christ takes the kingdoms he will ".dash them in pieces like a potter's ves-sel," and they will be utterly swept away, as described in Dan. 2: 35. Yet under ,their rule we have order and peace and the security afforded by laws which are in the main in-tended for the restraint of evil-doers. But the full and perfect sovereignty of God which is his right cannot be established here so long as there remain those who will not render to him willing, loving obedience in all things. When the time shall come that his will is to be done here as it is in heaven, there will be no further need of the powers that be. AN ITEM FOR TENNESSEE, GEORGIA, ET AL. OcroeEn 10, 1895, two Americans, of whom the writer was one, and six Armenians, all Seventh-day Adventists, were starting from Constantinople to go out to the head of the bay of Nicomedia. As the time was in the midst of the late uprising of the Armenians in Constantinople, naturally enough all Ar-menians were held under suspicion, and were subject to search for arms or correspondence. And as we Americans were in company with Armenians our valises were also searched. In the valise of one were a number of letters, etc., in English. This of course was not understood by the Turkish officers, and con-sequently the whole party was arrested and put under an armed guard to be kept until we could be taken to the chief of police for examination. A few minutes after we had been arrested, another officer with a squad of soldiers was passing, and seeing us guarded by a squad of soldiers also, he turned aside to see why it was. When he came up he recognized one or two of the Armenians, and knew them to be Seventh-day Adventists. He at once said to the other officers: " Oh, these men are Sab-batarians; you need not be afraid of them; they are all right." The other officers not knowing what the standing of the " Sabba-tarians "Šthe title given to the Seventh-day Adventists by the Turks Šis, could not let us go without authority. They immedi-ately treated us with marked respect however, moved the guard back a considerable distance and gave us seats, while the two chief officers jumped into a carriage and drove rapidly away to the headquarters of the Imperial Police to see further about it. In about half an hour, or perhaps less, they were back again with the word from headquarters that the " Sabbatari-ans " were all right, and were not to be sus-pected, and with orders to let us go at once. Immediately, therefore, with such respectful and repeated bows and salutes as to amount almost to an apology, we were conducted by one of the officers aboard the ship; and the officer who had first recognized us came aboard, shook hands with us, and wished us a pleasant journey. This is the way that Turkey treats the Seventh-day Adventists when they are known. Instead of putting them into prison or the chain-gang, she sets them free when by mistake they are taken prisoners. Instead,of Minting them with suspicion, cruelty, and persecution, she orders that they are not to be molested. From this fact it is plain that Tennessee, Georgia, Illinois, and other States of the boasted " Christian nation " of the United States could very well learn some lessons in justice and government from the abhorred Turk whose government is held by Chris-tian(?) nations as hardly fit to be on the earth. It will not do to say that here we had broken no law, while in those States the Seventh-day Adventists break the law; first, because here as soon as it was stated that we were Seventh-day Adventists there was no sort of inquiry as to whether we were break-ing any lawŠthat fact alone settled all such questions; and secondly, when such a govern-ment as Turkey can hold Seventh-day Ad-ventists above suspicion, just because of their known character as Seventh-day Adventists, then any law of any other government, and above all any law of such government as that of the States or the United States, that makes them subject to constant surveillance, arrest, prosecution, imprisonment, and chain-gangs, is an unjust, illegal, and barbarous law. Such law shows that the government, and not the people, is wrong. It is a queer comment on Western civiliza-tion and religion that harmless people are safer in Constantinople than in Chicago, and safer under the government of Turkey than under the government of the American States. But such is the living fact in the experience of Seventh-day Adventists, who by the testi-mony of both American and Turkish judges, are harmless people. All this too was done by the Turkish power altogether on its own part, without any petition or communication from the Seventh-day Adventists. A. T. J. Constantinople, Oct. 17. FIGHTING THE ENEMIES OF CHRIST: " THE National Citizenship League," says the Union Signal, of Oct. 24, " has issued a call 'To the People of God Everywhere,' set-ting forth the method and purpose of that or-ganization and summoning the followers of Christ to unite against his enemies. It is signed by a long list of men and women, think-ers and philanthropists, among them Frances E. Willard and Lady Henry Somerset, and appended are letters of indorsement from well-known ministers and educators. The league is non-partisan and non-sectarian, its three-fold object being: '1. To reveal Jesus Christ as the Saviour of the nation as well as of the individual. 2. To make Christian principles operative in public affairs. ' 3. To unite the followers of Christ in consistent, harmonious and aggressive action, not as church members, but as Christian citi-zens for the following purposes: (1) To prevent by personal effort the nom-ination and election of corrupt candidates and the enactment of corrupt laws in city, State and nation. (2) To secure fidelity on the part of officers intrusted with the execution of the laws. (3) To exterminate the saloon as the great-est enemy of Christ and humanity. (4) To preserve the sabbath. (5) To purify and elevate the elective franchise. (6) To promote the study of social wrongs and the application of effective remedies. (7) In general to seek the reign of what-soever things are true, honest, just, pure, lovely and of good report.' " Without questioning the motives of those who have issued this summons to all the fol-lowers of Christ, it must still be said that this "call" has a sound not in harmony with the accents of the voice of Christ himself. In the first place, Christ never called his followers to be united against his enemies; for all sin-ners are the enemies of Christ, yet he himself  was never against them, but gave even his life for them. True, it is political opposition that is here contemplated; but it is no part of the work of Christianity to array the followers of Christ in political parties against his enemies. There is nothing in such antagonism that tends in the direction of love for those enemies or that seeks the salvation of their souls. Its ten-dency is rather the opposite, as must be evi-dent to every person who takes note of the things said and done by the opposing parties in any political campaign. It cannot be supposed that the provisions of the gospel itself do not place all Christians in antagonism to all that can properly be antag-onized in the pursuance of Christian work. Hence a call to such union at the present time is as superfluous as it is belated. True Christian antagonism to this world's evil is that antagonism which was manifested in the life of Christ; for he only is a Christian in whom Christ dwells (Gal. 2: 20), and Christ is "the same yesterday, and to-day, and for-ever." He lives in each of his followers now the same life that he lived in the flesh when he walked and taught in Judea. If political methods constitute the proper means whereby Christ's followers are to oppose the forces of evil, it is strange indeed that he should not have given his followers a single word of instruction upon this point. If the ballot,Šthe instrument chosen by the National Christian Citizenship League for the accomplishment of its aims, is a proper weapon of Christian warfare, St. Paul made a great mistake when he wrote to the Corinth-ian church, " The weapons of our warfare are not carnal." The weapons of the Christian's warfare are "mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds; casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ." 2 Cor. 10 : 4, 5. Why abandon these weapons for one that is immeasurably inferior to them in power,Šone which cannot touch the thoughts and imaginations of the heart at all? Why abandon " the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God" (Eph. 6: 17),Šthat word which " is quick [living] and pow-erful, and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart" (Heb. 4:12), in the work of sub-duing all that is opposed to righteousness, for one of the weapons of ungodliness itself ? Is not the sword of the Spirit the most power-ful weapon in the universe for this very pur-pose? Undoubtedly one great reason for such a fatal error on the part of so many persons of undoubted loyalty of purpose to the cause of Christ, is a failure to discern a great truth of fundamental importance in its relation to the subject of Christian warfare; namely, that the real enemies against whom the Christian wars are not those that he sees around him. In other words, and as the Scripture states it, " We wrestle not against flesh and blood." Eph. 6:12. To make the warfare a battle against flesh and blood, using a carnal weapon, is therefore simply to make sure of utter fail-ures in the real conflict which is being waged with the forces of evil. The weapon of Christ's warfare was the word of God. " It is written," were his words as he withstood and conquered the great foe that manipulates the evil forces of this world. "We wrestle," says the apostle, "not against flesh" and blood, but against principal- 