JUNE 11, 1896. A_IVIIElEti CA N  187 was referred to the committee on the state of the Church. This committee laid the matter on the table. But on the earnest presentation of the cause by Mr. R. M. Downie, of Beaver Falls, Pa., it was taken up again and discussed at considerable length. Once more it was proposed to substitute the acknowledgment of Almighty God without any reference to Christ. But many of the committee insisted that the amendment should be Christian in its character. And as there was such deter-mined opposition in the committee to the ac-knowledgment of Christ, the whole matter was laid on the table." Strongly attached as the Methodists are to Sunday observance, and to the doctrine that Sunday is the Lord's day, it is yet evident that a large element in the denomination re-coil from such a step in the process of secur-ing Sunday enforcement as the proposed amendment embodies. It is evident that many are not yet blind to the fact that its success would mean a union of Church and State. The Statesman takes this action as repre-senting an attitude of indifference, if not of hostility, to the " reform" scheme on the part of the entire Methodist body, and says: " It is a deep grief to multitudes of the most patriotic members of this great church, in which the spirit of Christian reform is strong, that this committee has, by its official action, put itself and the General Conference which it represents and thus the entire church as a unit, on record against the nation's acknowl-edgment in its fundamental law and in its most public confession of national character before the world, of the kingly character and claims of our Lord Jesus Christ. But," the Statesman adds, " this record will not stand." We fear it will not. Already the Prohibi-tion Party in Iowa and Pennsylvania have signified allegiance to the cause, and it is not to be expected that the churches will fall be-hind political bodies in giving the amendment support. We are persuaded, however, that large numbers in all the leading churches will refuse to sanction a scheme so contrary to the spirit of Christianity and the demands of jus-tice, whether sanctioned by the representative church bodies or not. S. Ł 4s- Ł  NO COMPROMISE WITH THE SALOON. AT a convention of the Seventh-day Baptist churches of West Virginia, held May 20-24, at Greenbriar, that State, the following reso-lutions relating to Sunday laws were passed, together with others condemning the rum traffic and advocating prohibition:Š Resolved, That we believe that the Sabbath is a di-vine institution, the appointment of the seventh day of the week to be kept holy unto the Lord ; and that it is not the province of the civil law to determine or enforce its observance. Resolved, That we ask the legislatures of States to repeal existing Sunday laws, because of the encroach-ment thereby of the State upon matters which men owe alone to God; and because the simulation of the Sabbath imposes a hindrance to the discernment and observance of the day we are commanded of God to keep holy. Rfsolved, That we esteem the blessings of the Sab-bath to be a great good, but that the compulsory idle-ness which the attempted supervision of civil law pre-sumes to interpose is subversive of that good; that it gives, and only can give, a holiday instead of a holy day; and that the enforced idleness intended for aid of the church is, instead of that, a coralling of the world in the interests of the saloons. Resolved, That we will have nothing to do with laws for prohibition of the liquor traffic one day in seven, because it is such a compromise as implies a tacit ad-mission for it to continue the other six days; because it diverts from efforts for entire prohibition, and that it absorbs largely the, efforts in behalf of prohibition,  engaging its friends in a very much harder task than it would be to maintain entire prohibition. These resolutions were printed in the Pitts-burg Press, of May 27, which added the per-tinent comment that "if a compulsory holi-day operates in favor of the saloon, rather than against it, it behooves Prohibitionists to modify their action respecting the Sunday laws." Ł THE CALIFORNIA SUNDAY LAW. THE following is a letter from the clerk 0, one of the standing committees of the 31st Session of the California Legislature :Š St. Helena, Cal., May 22, 1896. To THE EDITOR OF THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, New York City, N. Y. Dear Sir: In your issue of May 14, page 156, speak-ing of the decision of the California Supreme Court declaring the "Barbers' Law" unconstitutional, you say :Š " The real protection aimed at was protection for a religious institution." Whatever may have been the result, allow me to say that this conclusion of a fact is erroneous. The " Barbers' Law " was devised and advocated by the Barbers' Union, and its expressed intention, or rather, the expressed intention of its advocates and sponsors, was to "protect" the business of barbers who desired to close up their shops one day in the week and not lose the trade that would thereby go to the shops of men who did not close up. From actual contact with the proponents of the "Barbers' Law," I can say that there was no thought of religion in their scheme, although they did use the religious argument where they thought it would be of service, There was a general belief at the time the law was passed that the governor only signed it for the polit-ical favor of the Barbers' Union, knowing it was un-constitutional. California is not irreligious, but there is no State in the Union where religious laws are looked upon with less favor. Very respectfully, FRANK H. ONSEN. We are glad that Mr. Owen has written so fully and freely. Doubtless the object that the barbers had in view when they asked for the passage of the act in question, was just what he says it was. Being right on the ground he certainly had a better opportunity to know the facts than we would have at this distance. Nevertheless the motive of the barbers does not greatly alter the case. The fact is that Sunday laws, whatever may be the motive back of them, tend to the exaltation of Sun-day as a religious institution; and were it not for the fact that Sunday is a religious institu-tion, and is so regarded by a very large num-ber of people, such legislation would not be sought; and if it were sought, could not be secured. We find no laws forbidding labor upon our national or State holidays. All legislation on that subject seeks to make it possible for as many as desire a holiday to have it; but no-body is compelled to observe a holiday except as the circumstances may be such as to ren-der it out of the question for them to do business because others are not doing busi-ness. But no penalty is provided for a man who works on New Year's Day, Washington's Birthday, Decoration Day, Fourth of July, or Christmas. It is true that in some countries abstinence from labor is made compulsory on other days than Sunday, but it is always be-cause of the religious character of such days. Such laws are never put upon a civil basis at allŠthey are confessedly religious in pur-pose. People make a great mistake when they ask for such legislation in order that they may be freed from competition. " The sphere which  the State invades it dominates; the jurisdic-tion which it takes it keeps." If the State may forbid labor by a certain class, it may forbid it by all; and if it may forbid Sunday labor, and it certainly can do it only on relig-ions grounds, it may also forbid pleasure upon that day. To this latter the barbers would doubtless object, as many of them are among the number who desire to make Sunday sim-ply a holiday. But when they have asked the legislature to prohibit labor upon that day, they cannot with any consistency protest against an act prohibiting pleasure-seeking also; so that even granting that the barbers could be benefited by an act forbidding them to carry on business on Sunday, it must be admitted that they lose more in the end than they gain by consenting to the violation of the principle of non-interference with the reserved rights of the people. That government is best which governs least and yet preserves the natural, inalienable rights of the people. Men should be self-re-liant and self-governing, and should be per-mitted to use their time as they see fit; pro-vided in so doing they do not trench upon the equal rights of others. California should be devoutly thankful that the Supreme Court has declared the mischiev-ous barber law unconstitutional; and the barbers themselves should rejoice that this mischievous legislation has not been fastened permanently upon the State. ONE DAY'S RELIGIOUS PETITIONS. THE following is from the first, second and fourth pages of the Congressional Record, of February 4, 1896, and will be of interest to our readers as showing the trend of the times:Š Mr. Sherman presented a memorial of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union of Xenia, 0., remon-strating against the passage of Senate Bill No. 1055, providing for military education in the public schools; which was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. He also presented sundry petitions of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union of Cincinnati, Dayton, and Troy, in the State of Ohio, and a petition of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union of Deposit, N. Y., praying for the passage of a Sunday-rest law for the District of Columbia; which was referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia. He also presented a petition of the Christian En-deavor Society of Dayton, 0., praying for the repeal of the ninety day divorce law of Oklahoma and Ariz-ona Territories, and for substituting in its stead the stricter divorce law of the District of Columbia; which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. He also presented a petition of the Christian En-deavor Society of Dayton, Ohio, praying for the enact-ment of legislation establishing an impartial commis-sion for the investigation of the labor problem ; which was referred to the Committee on Education and Labor. He also presented a petition of the Christian En-deavor Society of Dayton, Ohio, praying for the enforce-ment of the compulsory education law in the District of Columbia ; which was referred to the Committee on Education and Labor. He also presented a petition of the Christian EnŁ deavor Society of Dayton, Ohio, praying for the passage of the so-called Erdman Bill, substitut-ing voluntary arbitration for railway strikes; which was referred to the Committee on Education and Labor. He also presented a petition of the Ministerial Asso-ciation of the eastern portion of the Heidelberg Classes of the Reformed Church of Bucyrus, Ohio, praying for the enactment of legislation in the interests of morality, education, labor, etc. ; which was referred to the Committee on Education and Labor. He also presented a petition of the Ministerial Asso-ciation of Galion, Ohio, praying for the enactment of legislation in the interest of morality, for a Sunday-rest law, for the repeal of the Oklahoma divorce law, for compulsory education, for the arbitration of labor strikes, and for investigation of the labor problem; 