630 AMERICAN.  SENTINEL. congressman, Who stood very near the president in his personal and political affiliations. Another had his ap-pointment brought about by the written request of the entire congressional delegation of his State. In another instance the president informed a minister whom he knew well, that he intended to appoint a man of his denomi-nation, and requested him to recommend a man, which he did; and the man was appointed. Another was appointed because he had been chaplain of a regiment during the war, of which the president had been an officer. "When another was appointed the papers stated that his appointment was due to the fact that he was a boy-hood friend of the wife of the president. This man's career was a disgrace for years. He was repeatedly drunk, and was compelled finally to resign or be tried for drunkenness, gambling, and other misconduct. Still an-other, at the time of his appointment, was a pastor of one of the most aristocratic and fashionable churches. He was a man of polish and a good speaker; but, not-withstanding his church was not at all opposed to the drink customs of fashionable society, this man had be-come a drunkard of such a character that his church wanted to get rid of him. The president knew him well personally, and his habits and character, and to let him down easily and give his family a livelihood he appointed him a chaplain in the army! As a natural result his con-duct was a constant disgrace to the position, and after a brief service he was retired wholly, i. e., dismissed from the service With one year's pay. And, strange as it may Seem and hard to be believed, the final, controlling con-sideration that influenced this man's appointment was the fact that, he was a drunkard! Another, whose fitness for the position ,seems by no means marked, owed his ap-pointment, according to the statement of the papers at the time, to the fact that he was a boyhood friend of the president. Thd appointment of another was in part in-fluenced by the fact that he gave an address of welcome to President Grant at one time when he visited the city where this man was pastor. Several of the chaplains owe their appointments largely to the fact that they ren-dered faithful, good service in various positions in the army during the war. Another was the brother of a man very prominent in Washington and who had large influ-ence with the president. "These instances sufficiently illustrate the manner in which these appointments are made. Others have been made on the recommendation if not the solicitation of prominent church dignitaries. In addition to cases men-tioned above, within a few years past; one other army chaplain has been retired wholly, with drunkenness behind it, another has been compelled ito resign because of drunk-enness, and another was courtmartialed and convicted for duplicating his, pay accounts, with drunkenness_ be-hind it allŠa sad comment on the manner in which some of these appointments are made. Names and details in all these cases could be given, but that is not necessary or best. Be it said, also, that in spite of this method. of appointment, andŁthe terrible records some of them have made, most of the chaplains have been men of ability and good character and life, and are such to-day; but the system of the past still rules in their appointment." It will be said, of course, that what is needed is a re-form in the manner of making these appointments, which will eliminate the baneful factor of personal influence.  But we may expect to see this realized when what is known as "pull" shall be divorced from politics. But when will that be? The root of the whole evil is the principle of State su-pervision of religion; or in other words, the union of reli-gion, and the State. So long as this principle is followed, so long will the fruit of it appear in facts similar to those here set forth. Church and State in Portugal. THE Pittsburg Catholic, of September 2, says:Š "If there are circumstances in which the union of Church and State are to the advantage of religion, there are assuredly others in which it is detrimental to spirit-ual interests. In Portugal, ever since the days of Poin-bal, there has been a strong disposition in royal and governmental quarters to keep the church in fetters. The Holy See has struggled hard to secure the necessary independence for the church, but it has been onlypartially successful, and has had, no doubt, to tolerate many en-croachments which it would fain have prevented. This is the secret of the state of servitude to which the ecclesias-tical authorities have been reduced in Portugal. For in-stance, all the parishes are under the king's patronage and are given away by the government, the bishop merely assuring himself of the canonical fitness of the candidates. This, it may be imagined, leads at times to the pernicious exercise of political influence by deputies and others. As-piranth to the priesthood must also obtain the consent of the State, to which they are compelled on their ordi-nation to pay a sum of two or threepounds. The system is responsible for numerous defects, if not scandals, and a Center Party has been started with the object of bringing about a reform." When the Church is under the supervision of the State, as in this instance, "the church" has no difficulty in seeing the evils of Church-and-State union. In the Dark Ages the State was under the control of the Church, and a re-turn to that regime is what the papacy earnestly desires to-day. Then she would have no complaints to make in behalf of "the church," but the result would be no less fatal to pure religion, and even more fatal to individual freedom and the sacred rights of conscience, than is that which follows from the domination of Church interests by the State. Queries. BY A. R. BELL. "Tms is a Christian nation."ŠUnited States Supreme Court. Three thousand churches in the .United States re-ported not a single conversion during 1896.--New York Independent. Does the latter statement indorse the first one as being true? 