350 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Sunday Legislation in Canada. THE following extract taken from a letter published in the Review and Her-ald, and written by R. S. Owen, of Can-ada, shows in a very clear light the attitude of the rank and file of the Cath-olic priesthood toward Sunday legislation and religious.  laws :Š " We called on several priests to inter-view them in regard to their attitude toward Sunday legislation in the Dominion Parliament. There seems to be A general feeling of hostility among them toward the Sunday bill introduced in the last session of Parliament. They are not opposed be-cause of love for religious liberty, but because it is too strict, and would prohibit games and amusements, as well as work, on Sunday. ` A little hunting, a little fishing, and playing cards, is not wrong,' say they, ' after the devotional exercises of the Sunday are over.' But the ordinary work, the ` grand hunting and grand fish-ing,' they would have prohibited. We inquired: ` Do you regard Sunday as standing on the same basis as the other holy days of the Church ?' Yes,' was the reply, ` they are all alike.' Then would you have the observance of all those days enforced by law ? " Yes,' said one priest, ` that is just what we.want.' "They want the Government to interfere with religious matters, only when requested to do so by the Catholic Church. ' When the church requests the aid of the Govern-ment, then it should stand ready to come to its assistance.' It is evident that when Rome gets the civil powers to do her bidding, she will not stop with Sunday.  laws. When Protestants succeed in se-curing religious legislation, they will have opened a door for Catholics to enter, which, they may find to their sorrow, will be hard to close again." Above All Human Law. Tim religion of The Bible needs no legal enactments in its support, its charms are unmatched, its morals inimitable, and its power over those in whose hearts it dwells unequaled by anything in this world; and those who ask for laws to enforce compli-ande with it give evidence that they are devoid of its principles, and have little idea of its practical effects. To ask for civil laws to support any religion is a tacit adMission of the weakness of that religion. It is saying that the religion is no stronger than the laws which support it. But the Christian religion is high above all human law, hence needs none in its support. And he who says it does, de-grades Christianity and puts its Author to "an open Shame.";----Southern Sentinel. LET religion be taught in the churches and Sabbath schools, and not in. the pub-lic schools.ŠLeadville Argus. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe intemperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to Its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BEND STREET, NEW YORE CITY ;_ 225 A N. E., WASNINGTON ; 28 COLLEGWPLACE, CHICAGO. PURSUANT to the provisions of the Con-stitution of the: National Religious Liberty Association, the annual meeting of that Association for the election of 'officers, and such other buSiness as may come before the Association, is hereby called to meet iii the city of Battle Creek, Michigan, on Wednesday Dec. 3, 1890, at 4 o'clock P. M. Members of the Association are espe-cially requested to be in attendance at said meeting, as, at that time, a change of Article 4 of the Constitution, relative to officers is contemplated. By order 'of the Executive Committee. C. ELDRIDGE, President. The National Reform Sword. THE Washington Star, of -October 20, contains a "special" _ from Baltimore, dated Sunday the 19th, which says_:Š,- A great-crowd of the best German citizens are to-night excited and very indignant:over t4e,action of the police in stopping the lecture which was to have been given at Germania Mannerahor Hall; by Arthur Koebner, - of -New York. - For some'  rea,SOn an' did - law was resurrected yesterday, and to-night the au-thorities stated that no entertainment of any sort for which-  an admission-Was dinnaridecPconld!tatke place in Baltimore on Sunday if any one objected thereto. The crowd.denoluteed the decision and the authorities. The statute has been - practically, dead se longthat even the Ilistrict Attorney knew not of its existence until yesterday. In a late utterance, Wilbur F. Crafts, speaking in reference to-Sunday closing of the Exposition at Chicago, --warned those who ,are opposing religious legislation not to say, that `-` law is useless. because unused. The . sword. is there ready . whenever Chi-cago's citizens_ reach out the hand to wield it." Mr.. Crafts is , right,. the , sword of relig-ious-law, _ restyand stained with the blood of over-fifty millions of Christian martyrs, ,is lying sheathed in the statutory crypts of almost-  every code of laws in the United States. The:.sword awaits_ :`.`,the hand to wield it." , What can be more evident: than the purpose, of-the National Reform party,  and the American. Sabbath Union, to find hands willing to wield this unused sword. In the same connection it is also said that' to open the coming Exposition on Sunday Would be to break " the common law of the whole country." This is an echo of the utterance of the Commissioners of the District of Columbia, that, as Black-stone declares "Christianity to be part of the laws of England," therefore, it is a part of the laws of the United States, and to be enforced as such. If we are to accept this as a truth, we must define the scope of the common law on this subject by Blackstone's words, " Such crimes and misdemeanors as more immediately offend Almighty God, by openly transgressing the precepts, of re-ligion either natural or revealed." Under this, apostasy, renunciation of Christian-ity, or perversion to Judaism, paganism, or other false religion, is punishable with three year's imprisonment, and deprivation of 'the right to bring any action as guard-ian, executor, legatee, or purchaser of lands. The offense of heresy at common law consists of a public denial of some of the essential doctrines of Christianity, and although just what heresy definitely is seems always to have been more or less uncertain, nevertheless we have by the statutes 9 and 10, Wm. II. c. 32., the same penalty as for apostasy pronounced upon those who, educated in or professing the Christian religion, shall " deny any one of the persons in the Holy Trinity to be. God or maintain that there are more gods than one." Blasphemy or profanity, " denying the existence of God or scoffing at the Script-ures . . . are offenses punishable at common law by fine and imprisonment or other infamous corporal punishment." Witchcraft, and the telling of fortunes, " is still deservedly punished with a year's imprisonment and standing four times in the-pillory" "Profanation, of the Lord's day, vul-garly (but improperly), called Sabbath breaking," -is 'a finable offense by the stat-utes 27 Hen. VL c. 5., and 29 Car. II. c. 7. All religious impostors, also, who claim a "commission. from heaven or terrify and abuse =the people with false denunciations of judgments," may be subjected in the civil courts to fine and imprisonment. The authority of these ancient English laws was invoked to stop a Sunday game of baseball in the District of Columbia. In Pennsylvania, a 'forgotten statute of 1794 has been used to close barber shops -on Sunday, and now in Baltimore, a law of the existence of which even the prose-cuting attorney was in ignorance, so an-tiquated was it, has been resurrected to prevent 4. Sunday evening lecture. It is true, the sword of the Sabbath Union is hidden in every pile of law books. W. H. M. C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. McKEE, President. Seretary. 