THE SENTINEL-55T And then the senator suddenly remembered the fate of a Mormon missionary it Levant, Me. The keen Celestial eye of the Chinese minister saw the look, of understanding in Senator Hale's eye, and he drove the nail home. " What did 'you do with that Mormon missionary at Levant, eh? You gave him whatlis called the tar and feathers; is it not so? " But the senator had no response at hand. THE DRAGON SPIRIT OF gg CHRISTIAN" CIVIL- IN more ways than one does the Chinese situation serve to reveal the fact that the world was never be-fore so far from universal peace and so close to universal war.- The- outlook for peace and civiliza-tion is certainly dark enough when a ruler of one of the great " Christian " nations of the world speaks as did the emperor of Germany at the embarkation of his soldier's -for China.-tBnt the outlook is ,infi- nitely worse wheu.thOse who profess to be folloWers of the Prince ''of,Peace,..and to hold c'onix'nissions from him who said, " Blessed are the peacemakers," are possessed by such feelings as are revealed by the following language which we take from a first page editorial in the Michigan Christian Advocate of August 25: "View'him as you may, the yellow man of the East appears to be inviting his own fate. * * * The world cannot afford longer to, tolerate the exis-tence of a people who make themselves a terror and a nuisance. China must open up or be opened. up, and she is now taking the steps which are leading to the opening up process. -* * * It is said that the Chinese nation is rich. She_will need to be rich when she comes to settle the present war bills with the other powers. And she will have to be yielding, too. If the United States has a leading hand, as now seems likely, in laying down the conditions of peace, she will have to make guarantees of the fu-ture rights and safety of foreigners that no amount of prejudice or treachery can imperil. She is rapidly having this truth rubbed throUgh her thick skull, too. Recent diplomacy, though largely hid-(den from the public eye, is bringing her to her senses. The knock of the allied armies at the gate - of her capitol, having passed her strongholds of de-fense, is alarming her. If these movements meant only the payment of heavy indemnities and the ex-ecution of a few political culprits, she would not mind those so much, but subjection to foreign dic-iation and the overthrow of sacred traditions will  cut her to the quick. And. these.are the things now coming. The nations 'are aroused. Their armies and fleets are up to the yellow men, although they be 50o million strong. Before these repreSentative military and naval forces retire, the vast empire of the East will have been brought to terms in a man-ner to stay. The struggle has already been practi- cally,decided. * The Chinese must submit." --the -representative forces of Christian civiliza-tion are still able to demonstrate their superiority over the sluggish, stunted and fanatical hordes of paganism." In the same issue of the Advocate is this editorial note: "Great news from Peking! ' Our God is marching on.'" From all of which the conclusion is inevitable that the Advocate thoroughly agrees with Napoledn'that God is on the side of:the heavi7  est battalions, according to the belief of all the men and nations throughOut history who have forgotten God in their desire for revenge and their glorifica- tion of the might and power of earthly conquest. Ł " If. the salt have lost his savor, wherewith shall. it-be salted?" If those who are supposed to stand for peaC-e aird good will to men, and who claim to be lOcikinig. for the millennium, are fdremosf in ad-vocating vengeance, how can the world have any- thing else but war? j. D. B. " IT is only since 1894 that foreign ambassadors. were allowed in the most sacred part of Peking," says the Daily News, of this city. "That the allies have now seized this ' purple'' city, and that Ameri-can soldiers had the honor of planting the first foreign flag over the imperial palace, greeted by English, German, Russian and Japanese cheers, is a signifi-cant fact." This occurrence is indeed fraught with significanceŠa significance that should cause Wash-ington and Monroe to turn in their graves. The fact that America is in Asia, cheered on by the great powers of the world, has in it a significance that can Scarcely be realized now, but which will be realized more and more keenly as time goes on. ,at PRESTIGEŠhow many mean tricks, what enormi-ties are performed in thy name! The white man's prestige in China begins where justice, truth and logic end.ŠCount Leo Tolstoi. CHRISTIANITY is China's only hope. 