228 AMERICAN SENTINEL. everything that is likely to be destroyed by war has to be replaced. If you will stop and think you will see that nearly every kind of business would be improved by it.' Just before the 'Maine' sailed to Havana two men ,employed in the navy were talking in a hotel. One said to the other, 'If there is a war we will have a chance to show what we can do; pretty dry tirneve have had 5lately.' "It has been said that the Spaniards' dispatching -their flotilla justifies an immediate declaration of war on the part of the United States. Some of the most aston-ishing remarks have been made in the pulpits of the coun-try, if they are properly reported. One minister is said to have called on God, in prayer, 'to wipe Spain from the face of the earth.' Another, between fifty and sixty years of age, and sure not to be drafted in case of war, used .still more extravagant language and declared that he would head a regiment. Whether the amens that his re-mark elicited arose from sympathy with the cause or from a certainty that in such a case he would take his departure from those parts, it was impossible to deter' mine, but that he evoked much enthusiasm is undeniable. .Some ministers invited to preach to students in colleges, having one, and but one, opportunity to say something that would prepare the young men for their high destiny As :citizens and Christians, ejaculated vehemently the fiercest war sentiments. "Returning from a service Where the pastor displayed more energy than he had done for a long time upon any .subject relating to the ordinary work of a minister, the reformation of men, the edification of believers, and the :salvation of -olds, two members of the congregation were conversing. One said, 'I believe that our Government should now notify Spain to withdraw all its troops from Cuba and publicly declare that it will leave the people to govern themselves, withdrawing all claim; and if they do not at once declare they will do it, and begin to vacate the island, the government of the United States should .declare warand wipe Spain from off the face of the earth.' 'The other said, 'Suppose that two hundred thousand of the citizens of the United States were to be killed in the war, do you, think that (considering what the greater part of the population of Cuba are), they should be sac--rificed to bring about that result?' The citizen hesitated, and finally said, `No, it certainly would not be wise to kill two hundred thousand American citizens to bring About that."Well, should the United States sacrifice one hundred thousand to do it?' He thought that would be too many, but finally said he would not stop for fifty thousand. 'You would,' said the other, `if you were to be one of them.' "Some of these conversations we heard; the others were reported to us by participants or auditors." Yes, indeed; we wonder if, in most cases, the individual who has been shouting for war would not consider even ten United States citizens too great a number to be sac_ rificed in wiping Spain off the earth, if he himself were to be one of them. A great many people are willing to be patriots and kill the enemies of their country who are not willing to die themselves unless it can be by proxy. But he who goes to war and he who calls for war, must then and there surrender his own life to his country. If the would-be soldier is not willing to do this he cannot consistently don the military uniform. And he who calls  for war is only a hypocrite if he is not willing to put his own person into the forefront of the battles which war must bring. It will need a higher patriotism than is indicated in the conversations quoted to sustain the country in the event of war. To want war for the sake of political success or to revive business is one of the most foolish as well as the most criminal of sentiments. Items of W. C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. 1. HENRY. THERE was at first no definite plan in any human mind by which we should proceed. All through the years since, as the work crystallized into form there have arisen those who have claimed to have "originated," "organ-ized," or "named" it. There has been in later years sys-tem and method, but no one person organized the W. C. T. U., nor was its name the result of any one brain's cogitations. Some have of late undertaken to prove that we are giving Miss WillOd a place which belonged to some one else, in that she did not organize the W. C. T. U., but we do not claim that she was the organizer of the Union. She was the instrument by which the organization was perfected, but it was in existence while she was yet Dean of the Woman's College at Evanston, and it was the or-ganization that voiced the call of God to her. At first there was in the work no thought of continu-ance. It was an emergency effort. I suppose that every woman of us expected to do our part quickly, and then return to the same quiet lives which we had always known (for the W. C. T. U. was composed of home-keep-ing women). The Crusade had been such a surprise to saloon men that they did not know how to stand before it. They were also intimidated by the thought that, at last, the sin of their business had found them out to such an ex-tent that the whole Christian world had conspired to de-stroy it. They supposed that the Woman's Crusade was the advance guard of the church which was about to fol-low the voice of prayer with that ,:Of the ballot; and so, with apprehensions of the judgment of man as well as of God, and touched by the pleadings which were poured forth by heart-broken women, they closed up, all along the line. Very soon, however, they found that the votes of the church were not behind the women. We were, to all hu-man appearance alone, and therefore, although tears and prayers were very uncomfortable to endure, they were not to be allowed to "interfere with business;" and the saloons began to open up as rapidly as they had closed, and with a power of defiance before which it was impossi-ble for any woman to stand, unless she was filled with the power of a conviction greater than had as yet come upon many of us. 