22 T AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 3. prises, comes around, and, explaining that the minister is a little high-strung and old-fashioned in his notions, asks for an insertion of the notice. Another remedy was that the papers be shown that their financial interests would be promoted by stopping the obnoxious issue. That was tried once in this city. During the early part of 1866 there was a three weeks' revival meeting in the Methodist Church Block. The evils of Sunday papers were dwelt on. Efforts were made to convert the offenders. It was stated that if any pub-lisher would reform he could be sure of the solid and profitable backing of a great share of the community. One paper tried it. Its sole reward was a large assortment of reso-lutions, thanks, and prayers. It lost a num-ber of the subscribers it had, and gained no new ones to speak of. It was a victim of what the worldly would call " a confidence game." After trying it a while it resumed its Sunday issue, and intends to continue its publication indefinitely.ŠChicago Tribune, No-vember ,e3, 1888. Ł THE following words of appreciation of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and of sympathy for its work, are from the bishop of Hayti :Š " Permit me to say how heartily I agree with you in deploring the movement (charac-terized, as I believe, with more zeal than knowledge), which seeks to procure Sunday legislation by the Congress of the United. States, as the same has begun to take form in the Blair Bill and Amendment to the National Constitution. Such a mixture of political and ecclesiastical functions in society, embod-ied in this legislation, from my point of view, is nothing less than the Babylonian adultery and spiritual apostasy hinted at by the apos-tle Paul, and so fully delineated by John, the revelator. Hence, I applaud you with all my soul for having sounded the tocsin and lifted the warning voice to put the people of the United States on their guard against this awful danger, so insidiously being sprung upon them, and I not only wish you hearty success in accomplishing that end, so as to avert the danger, if it still be probable, but I also pray the Giver of all grace to let his bless-ing rest upon your laudable endeavors in this direction. At any rate you will have the satisfaction of having done your duty under the circumstances to the best of your ability; and your sure reward for having so done will rest with Him who is faithful and true, whether men will hear or whether they will forbear." THE following estimate of the Blair Sun-day Bill is correct. It is taken from a letter written by the editor of the Daily Democrat, of Grand Rapids, Mich.:Š " I do not think there is or can be any question about the unconstitutionality of the Blair Sunday. Bill. Technically, I think there is no question; ..and, so far as broad fundamental principles are concerned, the movement is certainly one which violates the most vital of the inherent principles on which our Government was founded, and is one of many modern attempts to crystallize and pet-rify the shell of a religious system, the true essence of which is rapidly evaporating. " Of course, as the essence disappears, the importance increases in the minds of some of strengthening the shell, of preserving in-tact the outward forms and non-essentials. "It is a symptom of religious ossification." gns of the Times Popz 1E389. A Sixteen - Page Paper, Published Weekly, at Oakland, Cal., Ipterpatiopal Tract Society. \AtITH the beginning of the year 1889 the SIGNS OT THE TIMES entered upon its fifteenth volume, which the publishers are determined shall be the bestŁ ever pub-lished. It will consist of fifty numbers of sixteen pages each, making, in the course of the year, 800 pages of the choicest reading matter, classified each week as Editorial, Missionary, Sabbath-school, Temperance, General Matter, and Secular and Religious News. besides Editorial Notes. EDITORJA6 DEPARTJVIENT. The editorial force upon the SIGNS ON THE TIMES has been increased, and for this and other reasons the publishers feel warranted in promising for this year a greater amount and a better variety of matter in the Editorial Department than ever before. In this part of the paper will be discussed in an interesting and readable manner the various phases of practical Christian life and doctrine, embracing the evidence of the divinity of the Scriptures; the fulfillment of prophecy; the signs of the times; the har-mony of the law and the gospel; together with everything that pertains to a thorough knowledge of our duties to God and to each other. Educational, social and political questions will also be discussed, the latter, however, only so far as they relate to matters of religion, for with politics as such the SIGNS has nothing to do. THE SpcBBATH-SCJ-1006 DEPARTJVIEJ\IT. The Sabbath-school Department will be largely a running commentary, by the editors, upon two series of lessons, one of which is the regular International-Series. These lesson notes will be of such a character that they will not only be of great service to students in the preparation of their lessons, but will also be perused with interest and profit by the general reader. JVIISSION D EPARTIVI E.NT. In the Missionary Department will be published reports from the various mission fields, both home and foreign, together with brief descriptions of the fields and their wants. TEMPERANOE DERARTIVIENT. In the past no part of the paper has met with more favor than the Temperance Department. Many temperance societies have used the SIGNS regularly in their meetings, and the publishers hope to make this feature of it still more interesting in the future than it has been in the past. This Department will contain not only the very best temperance matter obtainable, but also short articles relating to the preservation of health, including the discussion of proper food and dress, and correct habits of working, eating, sleeping, etc. flOME OIROLE DEJaAkTMEJ\IT. This department is fully described by its name. In it will be published short stories of an elevated character, besides short sketches of history, travel, and biography. Altogether, it will be a most interest-ing and instructive part of the paper, especially for the young folks, though all can read it with profit. 13,ELIGIOUS AND SEOULo.AR This department will be maintained in perfect keeping with the high moral tone of the paper. The news published will be carefully selected and everything of a low or sensational nature carefully excluded. The design of this department is to enable the reader to keep abreast of the times in the current news of the day without reading a mass of objectionable and offensive matter usually found in the public prints. ARTICLES ON THE BOOK OF ROMANS. With the first number of the new volume we began a series of articles upon the book of Romans, which will form a most interesting commentary upon this portion of the word of God. These articles will be distinct, each one being as nearly complete in itself as it is possible to make it. Under the heading of each article will appear the reference to that portion of the epistle covered by the comment, which will enable those who desire to do so to keep the connection of thought; this feature will also be appreciated by those who wish to preserve the articles for future reference, either by clipping and pasting in a scrap book or by filing the papers which contain them. One object of these articles will be to make it impos-sible for the careful reader to peruse the epistle to the Romans without getting at least a general under-standing of its scope and object. GEPERAlo ARTICLoES. The general articles published in the SIGNS are the very best selected and original matter obtainable. The articles are usually short, and always clear and pointed. Much of the matter in this department is written especially for this paper, but selectiohs are also carefully made from the leading religious papers, only the very best being taken. Altogether the publishers feel safe in saying that no other paper published will furnish so great a variety of equally good matter for the year 1889 as will the SIGNS OI THE TIMES. Price, per year, post paid, $2.00. In Clubs of Five or more copies to one name and address, each, 1.50. To Foreign Countries, single subscription, post paid, 10s. Address, SIGNS OF THE TIMES, Twelfth and Castro Sts., OAKLAND, CAL., U. S. A. 