76 TI=IE AMERICAN S-RNTINEL, school question, the Sabbath question, and all re-lated issues in accordance with the law of God. To this conclusion I do not object, so far as relates to civil laws for the pro-tection of society. But when the Chris-tian people of the United States shall un-dertake " to settle the liquor question, the school question, the Sabbath question, and all related issues in accordance with the law of God," they will work in opposition to the plain declarations of our Constitu-tionŠthe noblest and best ever devised by men,Šviolate the Golden Rule of Chris-tianity, and assume the prerogatives of the Almighty. The greatest evils which have ever af-flicted humanity have been the result of human powers assuming to define and en-force the law of God. Whenever our sec-ular Constitution shall give place to relig-ious rule, like results will follow, as surely as that human nature remains the same as in past ages. Of the one hundred and eighty-four sects of Protestants of the United States, who shall decide what the law of God demands ? . R. F. COTTRELL. Ł God and Caesar. As an observer of civil-religious agita-tion, and not as a secretary, I expect much from the Baptists in the way of a return to that absolute discrimination made by our Lord between the things of God and those of Cesar. The grand but incom-plete work done by Baptists in the past in the interest of equal rights to all in mat-ters of conscience, is going on to-day, and promises to go on until all religious ques-tions will be taken from the domain of civil matters. Many Baptists now believe that such a stage has been reached among them. The James Street Baptist Church, of Toronto, has recently requested that their property be appraised with a view to taxa-tion on an equality with all other prop-erty. When, some years ago, a Canadian Baptist college was destroyed by fire, the Government offered to rebuild it, but the offer was respectfully declined. Similar in spirit was the action of the American Baptists when they refused to share in the provisions of the bill passed by a recent Congress, which appropriated public money for the support of denominational schools among the Indians. The more I become 'acquainted with the principles of Bible religion, the more I am impressed that much which now re-ceives the sanction of Christian people is unjust and therefore unchristian. Baptists are beginning to see that religious instruc-tion at public expense, and the exemption of church property from taxation are con-trary to their professed principles on the question of union of 'State and Church. They are beginning to see the fallacy and superficiality of the argument that churches should be exempt from taxation because  they are a public benefit. Suppose an exhibitor of works of art, or a publisher of clean, moral and religious books, should make the same claim; or, to go further still, suppose a theatrical manager should produce such plays only as could not be objected to by the most precise moralist, where is the line to be drawn in the mat-ter of exempting property from taxation ? Recently a private corporation built a bridge over a stream in Kentucky, they demanded that it be exempt from taxation on the ground of its usefulness to the public. Their request was denied. What legitimate business is not a public benefit ? Our railroads, telegraphs, etc., are all a public benefit, and the logic applied to churches, if, applied to them, would ex-empt them all. So far from being a benefit to the churches themselves, this exemption works the other way. An im-mense amount of church property lies idle except for a few hours each week. If this property stood on the same basis with other property in this matter, its owners would strive to make more use of it. More effort would be put forth, more re-sults as a consequence, and as the results increased the finances would, also, and there would be enough to pay all honor-able bills. The utility argument in favor of exemption from taxation is as superfi-cial as the resurrection argument in favor of the change of the day of the Sabbath. The enlightened and candid man will say, " church property is exempted from taxa-tion because it is a relic of the union of Church and State." So, too, is religious instruction iii the public schools and the practice of dj5ening school sessions with religious exercises and the reading of the Bible, a relic of the union of Church and State. These practices are unfair and therefore unchristian. Parents because they love their children, ministers because they are paid for so doing, and from the higher motives of consecration, should teach religion. Everybody is taxed to support secular teaching in the public schools and therefore nothing but such in-struction should be given there. So long as anybody sanctions religious instruction in such schools, so long as there be an approval of the practice of exempting church property from taxation, and of the thanksgiving proclamations from the President and the Governors of our re-spective States, many of whom care little or nothing for God, so long there can be no just claim that there is a separation of Church and State, for all these things are relics of such a union. I look, then, to Baptists with much hope. Not only for a spread of healthy senti-ment on these points, but also that they will soon see that all legislation affecting the Sabbath is, equally inconsistent with their principles, and when they shall have once seen this, we may justly expect them to go one step further, when they will see that in observing Sunday they have over- thrown the Sabbath of Jehovah, and have placed themselves in so palpably inconsis-tent a position with their fundamental doctrine, a " thus saith the Lord " for everything, that many will feel like re-proaching themselves for not having seen it before.ŠRtv. H. B. Illawrer (Regular Baptist), in Sabbath Recorder. Powers of Government Derivative. THE idea is prevalent in AmericaŠas it is almost universal in EuropeŠthat the civil government is omnipotent, except in so far as its powers have been limited by the people. And even this exception is not admitted by the great " utilitarian " school of England, whose doctrines have led a whole nation captive. Austin, the sys-tematizer of their jurisprudence, specific-ally says : " Now it follows from the essential difference of a positive law, and from the nature of the sovereignty and independent political society, that the power of a monarch properly so-called, or the power of a sovereign number in its collegiate and sovereign capacity, is in-capable of legal limitation."ŠLectures on Jurisprudence, London edition, page 270. And Hobbes, in his treatise on govern-ment, sweepingly declares that " no law can be unjust,"Šwhich is only another form of stating what Austin says. Austin, in his lecture, continues : " A monarch or sovereign num ber bound by a legal duty, were subject to a higher or superior sovereign : that is to say, a mon-arch or sovereign number bound by a legal duty were sovereign and not sover-eign. Supreme power limited by positive law, is a flat contradiction in terms." But the contradiction or difficulty isŠnot in the factsŠbut in the meaning that is at-tached to the words. " Sovereign " and " supreme " do not mean omnipotent. Ab-solute power exists nowhere under heaven. Nevertheless, people take it for granted that it does, and think the only question to be determined is as to where it exists, in the monarch, in the Legislature, or in the people ? " We quarrel," says Professor Bliss in his work on Sovereignty, " as did our English ancestors, about the location of sovereignty, but take for granted its existence somewhere, and without much regard to powers acknowledged by public law. Hobbes was perhaps the most dis-tinguished of .the writers of the despotic school." ,But this idea that sovereignty, in the sense of omnipotence or absolutism, exists anywhere, is simply a figment of the brain. " We hold these truths to be self-evident : that all men are created equal; that they are endowed, by their Creator, with cer-tain unalienable rights; that among' them are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness. That to secure these rights govern-ments are instituted among men, deriving their just power from the consent of the governed." Then the powers of govern- 