128 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 16. NEW YORK, APRIL 21, 1892. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Anti-Poverty Society of this city, about which so much was said and written three or four years ago, still holds its meetings on Sunday evenings at Cooper Union. Š0-- A FEE of ten cents is charged for ad-mittance to the Anti-Poverty meetings, and to secure a really good seat requires an additional fifteen cents. In this the Anti-Poverty Society is not singular; the entirely unique feature of these meetings is, that, notwithstanding the charge made ,at the door, a collection is regularly taken up in connection with the opening exer-cises. -oŠ DR. EDWARD MCGLYNN, the excommu-nicated priest, stands at the head of the Anti-Poverty Society, and at the regular meeting Sunday evening, April 10, seeming to see the incongruity of taking a collec-tion after charging for admittance, he re-marked that the collection was the " one feature of the meetings which entitles them to the character of semi-religious gatherings, and justifies the holding of them on the holy day." _0_ DR. MCGLYNN'S subject on the occasion of the meeting referred to, was the pro-posed Sixteenth Amendment to the na-tional Constitution, which provides that no State shallŠ use its property or credit, or any money raised by taxation, or authorize either to be used for the pur-pose of founding, maintaining, or aiding, by ap-propriation, payment for services, expenses or otherwise, any church, religious denomination or religious society, or any institution, society or un-dertaking which is wholly, or in part, under secta-rian or ecclesiastical control. The speaker did not confine himself very closely to his subject; but enough was said to make it clear that he was opposed to the proposed amendment, as it now stands; but only, he said, because it was not broad enough. DR. MCGLYNN said that he would pro-pose an amendment to the amendment making it provide that no State shall "use its property or credit, or any money raised by taxation, or authorize either to be used for the purpose of founding, maintaining, or aiding, by appropriation, payment for services, expenses or otherwise, any insti- tution or undertaking not wholly under governmental control." Š0Š THIS wording would accomplish all, and more, the Doctor thought, than was claimed for the amendment as it has been proposed by the Association for the Pro-tection of American Institutions. As it now reads, the speaker suggested, it has the appearance of hostility to all religion, while at the same time it leaves a loophole for so-called "unsectarian religious in-struction," under Government patronage and support; and in the latter suggestion Mr. McGlynn was clearly right. It is certainly not the design of the promoters of this proposed amendment to make any wider separation between Church and State than now exists. On the contrary, their amendment is aimed at Roman Catholics, and is designed to exclude from the public crib all the institutions of that church, without in the least interfering with the giving of "unsectarian religious instruction" at Government expense. Š0-- UPON this matter of " unsectarian re-ligious instruction," the Catholic Review of the 10th inst., says :Š Indian Commissioner Morgan has purchased Prot-estant hymn-books and copies of the Protestant version of the Bible for the Ł non-sectarian " public schools which he has established for the Indians. Rev. Father Van Gorp, S. J., of Spokane, was in Washington, D. C., a few days ago, and he is reported to have said: " The Indians in the North-west are better cared for, so far as rations are con-cerned, since the late uprising which cost the Gov-ernment so much money. The cause of Indian education is not so bright as could be wished for, owing to the many difficulties the missionaries are compelled to encounter. Even the Indian Bureau, in spite of its advocacy of non-sectarian schools, seems to realize the necessity of some kind of reli-gious education as among the articles purchased for what are called "non-sectarian" Indian schools are Bibles and hymn-books, The purchase of the latter justifies the conclusion that religious services form a part of the curriculum of the Government schools, especially as the superintendents are gen-erally ex-Protestant preachers." Morgan's " non-sectarianism " is of the sort that would satisfy John Jay, Elliott F. Shepard and the other bigots of the proposed Sixteenth Amendment to the Consti-tution. The fact is, there is and can be no such thing as unsectarian religious instruction. When Commissioner Morgan puts Prot-estant Bibles and Protestant hymn-books into the hands of the Indians, and in-structs them in accordance therewith, he is, from a Roman Catholic standpoint, giving them sectarian instruction. The proper course for the Government to pur-sue would be for it to give the Indians a purely secular education, and leave the rest to be done by missionary enterprise, and by anybody who would do it, putting no obstacles in the way and offering no inducements to the work, simply af-fording equal protection to all from vio-lence. The only real service that civil government can render the religion of the Lord Jesus Christ is to let it alone, merely affording those who profess and teach it  the same protection that it affords to other citizens. When civil government does less than this it comes short of the purpose of its institution, namely, the protection of the natural rights of the individual; when it attempts to do more, it invades the sacred domain of conscience and cor-rupts the religion which it fosters. To be pure the religion of Christ must be abso-lutely separate from, and independent of, civil government. 0-- IN the recent Pittsburg Sunday Conven-tion, Mr. Crafts dramatized quite effect-ively, and greatly to the disadvantage of the butt of his ridicule, the boast that " the Sunday paper has come to stay." The incident suggested to the writer, who was present, another drama, in two scenes, thus SCENE I. Mr. Crafts on the "reform" lecture platform exhibiting an oriental saw, and saying: "It was such a saw as this that Christ laid down at- the close of his week's work on Saturday evening, say-ing, 'The Sabbath was made for man.'" SCENE II. Mr. Crafts in the editorial chair of the Christian Statesman: "Reformers should be accurate." Accurate in what ? In statements of fact ? or in counting the cash received for Sunday evening " reform " lectures ? The editor of the Statesman has quite a repu-tation for accuracy in the latter particular. Scene I. is a sample of his performances in the other matter. This great apostle of compulsory Sunday-keeping would gladly have the people think that Christ worked on Saturday, the seventh day of the week, and rested on Sunday, the first day of the week, but he himself knows better; and, unfortunately for his cause, the people also know better. The oriental saw and the designedly careless statement are to that extent a failure. They are, however, valuable as a sample of "reform" methods as exemplified by the founder of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, its whilom Field Secretary, and now boomer-in-general of " the whole circle of reforms." Š0--- IT is stated that Rev. G. W. Todd, of Topeka, Kansas, has taken the initiatory steps for the organization of what he calls a People's church. It is said to be Mr. Todd's idea to organize, in the large towns, People's churches, at which laboring men can assemble and discuss what he terms, " moral and political questions." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 