"Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 3. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, FEBRUARY, 1888. NUMBER 2. ;142e-An2enear2 BerMel. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING HOUSE, OAKLAND; CAL. E. J. WAGGONER,}  EDITORS. ALONZO T. JONES, J. II. WAGGONER, CORRESPONDING EDITOR. Entered at the Post-office  in Oakland. WHAT has a 'purely religious institution to do with the claims of a political? This country in its government knows no creed. As a people we disclaim religious tests. The observance of the Sabbath and the mode of that observance are matters of the individ-ual conscience. This is the measure of our religious freedom, that we may believe or otherwise,Šwe may observe or otherwise,Šjust as seems to us good. Under what pre-text, then, does a political party interfere with religious beliefs and observances? The fullest personal freedom is the proper con-dition for the existence of genuine religion.ŠWashington Post. Ł la LIBERTY of conscience means non-interfer-ence by the State with private convictions. It means that so far as the State is concerned the individual has the right to his own private judgment in religious affairs. It means that neither shall preference be shown, nor punish-ment inflicted, by State authority, because of individual religious belief. It does not mean classification and preservation, of the wards of the State,  for purposes of indoctrination by the Roman Catholic or any other church. Religious worship is not a civil ordinance, any more than religious profession is a civil qualification. The obvious intent of the lan-guage of the Constitution is that the State shall be impartial, colorless, and unconscious in all that relates to individual religious opinions. The moment the State, by legislative act, takes official cognizance of the distinctive claims of any sect,Šthe moment it admits, no matter how indirectly, as a civil incident, the fact of religious differences of opinion, that moment the spirit of our fundamental law is violated, and we cannot escape the danger of sectarian discrimination, preference, and con-sequent injustice, with the certainty that such distinction will also be applied to our public schools. Any classification whatever on religious grounds, Łby State authority, will inevitably lead to bitter and,acrimonious sectarian con-troversies, to social disorder, and would seri-ously imperil the peace of the community.'  -:Ł-g *fed. A Reply to "An Open Letter." IN the Christian Nation of December 14, 1887, there came to us "an open letter" from Mr. W. T. McConnell. Mr. McConnell lives in Youngstown, Ohio. He is a preacher of National Reform politics, and the president of the National Reform Prayer League. Some-body sent him a copy of the SENTINEL, and it caused him to have "some reflections," of which he gives us the benefit in his "open letter." He proposes to comfort us by an en-deavor to make it appear that the troubles are only "imaginary," which we point out as certain to come upon the Nation in the train of the success of the National Reform move- ment. He starts out with the usual National Re- form compliment to an opponentŠthat of naming us along with "Liberal Leagues," "the Freiheits Bund," "and the Liquor Leagues." But this is not enough relief to the pent-up charity of the Rev. W. T. McConnell; he graciously puts us in the fellowship of king Ahab in his murder of Naboth and the con-fiscation of Naboth's vineyard; taking good care of course to give himself and his associ-ates the companionship of Elijah, in the con-troversy, and even making Elijah to be "the General Secretary of the National Reform As-sociation of his day." Upon all this we shall offer no comment at all. Such transcendent modesty, and such benignant charity, as is displayed in this, we have not the heart to disturb by offering the slightest criticism. Then he clothes the National Reformers with this rendition of Elijah's answer to Ahab about who was the troubler of Israel:Š "I have not troubled Israel, said he, but you and the others who run this Government have made the trouble in that `ye have for-saken the commandments of the Lord." Now as the National Reformers set them-selves up as the special champions of the commandments of God, and as the enforced observance of Sunday is the grand aim of the National Reform project, we here ask Mr. McConnell, or any other National Reformer, or all of them put together, to show any com-mandment of God for keeping Sunday, or the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day. Come now, Mr. McConnell, Elijah could quote a plain commandment of God, in sup-port of his opposition to Baal, and Ahab's worship of him. You take it upon yourself to fill Elijah's place in our day, in rebuking the Nation for desecrating Sunday, so please fill his place also in this, and cite us to a commandment of God for keeping Sunday.  You take it upon yourself to rebuke this Na-tion for its sin against God in not keeping Sun-day. Sin against God, is transgression of the law of God. Now please show the law of God that commands the keeping of Sunday. You may show it in the form of "an open letter" or in that of a sealed letter ; in a public letter or in a private letter, just as you choose; but we insist that you show it. Come now, don't dodge. Then to give proof that our fears of trouble, in the event of the success of the Na-tional Reform, are wholly imaginary, Mr. Mc-Connell tells us this:Š "You look for trouble in this land in the future, if these principles are applied. I think it will come to you if you maintain your present position. The foolhardy fellow who persists in standing on a railroad track may well anticipate trouble when he hears the rumble of the coming train. If he shall read the signs of the times in the screaming whistle and flaming headlight, he may change his position and avoid the danger, but if he won't be influenced by these, his most gloomy forebodings of trouble will be realized when the express strikes him. So you, neighbors, if, through prejudice or the enmity of unre-generate hearts, you have determined to op-pose the progress of this Nation in fulfilling its vocation as an instrument in the divine work of regenerating human society, may rightly expect trouble. It will be sure to come to you." Of course it will. That is precisely what we are trying to get the people to see. We are doing our very best to have the American people understand that the National Reform movement is nothing but a Satanic car of Juggernaut that proposes to relentlessly crush every person who chooses to think for him-self, every person who refuses to submit- to the dictum of its managers, every person who chooses to worship God according to the- dic-tates of his own conscience ;--this we know will be, as surely as these men secure the power to enforce by law what they choose to call the will of God. See again how sweetly he manifests the grace of Christian charity, in his attributing to us "the enmity of unregenerate hearts." How do you know, Mr. McConnell, that our hearts are unregenerate? By what right do you mount the throne, and arrogate to your-self the prerogative of God, and pass judg-ment upon men's hearts? And if this "fool-hardy fellow" "shall read the signs of the times in the screaming whistle and flaming headlight, he may change his po-sition and avoid the danger." Oh yes, that is all that John , Huss needed to do. If he had only read the signs inn the "scream- 