AVI uutii View of U. S. Supreme Court Rooms. 210 CA.N SIEN rrilNTIRITL4 VoL. 11, No. 27. legal interference in matters of religion is that which requires the observance of Sunday as a holy day. In these days the legal re-quirements do not usually extend beyond the compulsory cessation of labor, the mainte-nance of quiet upon the streets and-the clos-ing of all places of amusements; but the public spirit whidh calls for the compulsory observance of these regulations is the same which in the colonial days of New England imposed a fine for an unexcu,wd absence from divine worship. Although other reasons have been assigned for the State regulation of the observance of Sunday in order to escape the constitutional objections that can be rais6c1 against it if it takes the form of a religious institution, those who are most active in se-curing the enforcement of the Sunday laws do so because of the religious character of the day, and not for any economical reason. . . . The eff(ctiveness of the laws is meas- ured by the influence of the Christian idea of Sunday as a religious institution." In like manner Judge Cooley remarks that " it is clear that these laws are supportable on authority notwithstanding the inconven-ience which they occasion to those whose relig-ious sentiments do not recognize the sacred character of the first day of the week." Scores of authorities and of cases might be cited to prove that which is so patent in the Georgia case that it would be readily seen, even had the State and Federal courts not both ad-mitted it, namely, that Sunday laws originate in, and are sustained by, "religious views and feelings," and that they are therefore " civil" only in the sense that they are made a part of the legislation of the State. A State "law" requiring the subject to be baptized or to partake of the Lord's supper, or to do any other religious act, would be " civil " in just the same sense. The idea that " religious views and feel-ings," where strong enough and held by a sufficiently large number of the people, can be, crystallized into civil statutes and be en-forced upon all the people by the civil power, is utterly subversive of the principles of both civil, and religious liberty. It ignores and even practically denies the existence of nat-To-n1 rizlits, and casts to the winds constitu- "Limitations or Police Power," pp. 175-6, see 76. The italics ours in both this and in other citations in this ar-ticle. 4  " COnStitUtiOrga TArlitatiOpSt" p. 53,15, ch. xiii (ed. 1890). tional guarantees of freedom of conscience, which, to be of any value, must carry with it freedom to act in accordance with the dictates of conscience. To say that a man is free to believe as he will, means nothing unless he is also free to act upon his faith, limited not by the faith of the majority, but by the equal rights of his fellowmen, be they many or be they few. But mischievous as is this idea which sub-ordinates the individual conscience to the will of the majority, or to the will of those having control of legislation and of the courts, it has in this Georgia case been fully adopted by the Supreme Court of the United States as it was adopted and declared by a United States Circuit Court, in the King case, in Western Tennessee, August 1, 1891. JESUS CHRIST AND THE KINGDOMS OF THIS WORLD. THE National Reform theory of "Christian" civil government sets forth Jesus Christ as the present civil ruler over the nations. Says the Christian Statesman of June 20:Š God rules over men in the person of his son, Jesus Christ. This is the testimony of the Word. " And Jesus Caine and spake unto them, saying, all power is given unto me in heaven and in earth." " Jesus Christ, he is Lord of all." "Our Lord Jesus Christ . . who is the blessed and only Potentate, King of kings and Lord of Lords." " Jesus Christ  the prince of the kings of the earth."  He isLord of lords and King of kings." The "clear testimony of the Word," how-ever, comes very far from justifying any man-made theocracy, which is what is demanded by the theory that Jesus Christ should rule the nations to-day through human agents. In ancient times God established a theocracy, and he could do the same again if he so chose to-day. But the people had nothing to do with it, except to acquiesce in his arrange-ments. A true theocracy cannot be set up by fallible, erring mortals. But it is not God's plan that another theoc-racy should be established ,while the earth remains in its present state. The " clear tes-timony of the Word " is explicit upon this point. Those who appeal to Scripture should not ignore plain Scripture declarations. It is true that the Lord sits upon the throne of universal dominion, and "his kingdom  ruleth over all." But it is true that in this present world his authority is almost univers-ally ignored and his laws trampled under foot. We cannot looked around us anywhere without seeing this. Must we conclude then that God is unable to enforce his laws ? No; certainly not. If he chose to compel men to keep them,Što use force, as is done in civil governmentŠhe could terrify men into sub-mission, or could annihilate in a moment every transgressor of his precepts. And by the rule of civil government something like this would be necessary; for in civil govern-ment the penalty of the law must be executed, and the penalty for trans-gression of God's law is death. But now, we are living under the merciful regime established by God himself, for the salvation of transgres-sors from sin and death. God is deal-ing with men through the provisions of the Opel, and will continue thus to do until the period of human pro-bation is ended. And therefore, while he is the supreme ruler over all, and while Jesus Christ is exalted to a posi-tion of power and authority far above that of any earthly ruler, his power is manifested in his divine providences which overrule the purposes of man, rather than by the direct agency of earthly potentates. God has ordained civil government upon the earth. "The powers that be are ordained of God." Rom. 13:1. No sensible person could suppose that God would have the world in confusion and anarchy. But because he has or-dained that there should be civil rulers, it does not follow that we are bound by every decree or " law" which they may enact. King Nebuchadnezzar was a civil ruler ordained of God, but the three Hebrews were justified in disobeying his " law" concerning worship of his golden image. The divine Justice Harlan. (Who wrote the recent U. S. Supreme Court decision sus-taining Sunday " laws.") rule was given by Peter and John : " We ought to obey God rather than men." Civil government was not ordained to take the place of conscience or be its guide. The ordinances of men sometimes come in con-flict with the requirements of God; and we are never justified in disobeying God. As before stated, it is very clear from the testimony of the inspired Word that the purpose of God does not contemplate any reestablishment in this age of his ancient theocratic government. To arrive at a differ- 