Ł AMERICAN 23 merry, going through with all sorts of old, heathenish performances. Raiatea, one of the largest islands of the group, has stood out against the French government until only a -few months ago. The people of this island have looked upon themselves as better than their brethren who were under the French laws, because they had laws against work of any kind upon Sunday. I remember of seeing a stranger on the island, who was not a believer, but wished to attend one of the religious meetings in the adjoining district. He arose Sunday morning, and traveled to the place of worship, reaching it a little be-fore meeting time. As he was preparing to take a bath in the river before going into the church, an officer informed him that it was against the law to bathe at that time; that he might wash his face and hands, but that he could not take a full bath un-til after four o'clock that evening. He also stated that this law was made to keep people from doing anything that would detain them from church. It is cus-tomary in these islands to have a watch meeting at the church New Year's eve, to bid adieu to the old year and welcome the new one in. I attended such a meeting on the island of Raiata three years ago. There everything was church and state fully united, and they looked forward to the time when the Lord would cast the French into the sea, or destroy them in as marked a manner as he did the enem-ies of the Israelites. The time was occu-pied by exhortations, 'prayer and sing-ing. Each district represented had its own choir; and only one choir was to sing, at a, time. About nine o'clock their pastor ap-pointed a certain choir to sing a hymn. There was a misunderstanding, and two of the choirs began singing different hymns at the same time. Ł They were requested to stop, but could not be induced to do so, as each wished to be the one to sing. So they continued singing for nearly thirty minutes. By this time nearly the whole congregation of about one thousand were on their feet, and they were preparing to have a pitched battle in the  church to settle the difficulty. Through the efforts of their queen and others, peace was at last restored, but it took, until about 11 o'clock for them to get settled down so that they could go on with their meeting. On Sunday, a meeting of another denomination was held on board a ship in the harbor, and the queen and some of her friends were invited to attend. She, accepted the invitation, but, upon returning to land, found officers waiting to impose a fine against her for a ttending a meet-ing which was not conducted by their own church. Can the government, by passing religious laws, make better citizens and Christians? It cer-tainly has failed in these islands, as is acknowledged by all who are ac-quainted with what was the Raiatean government. It is apparent that all these religious laws only tended to give the people a very poor idea of what true Christianity is. It was all form and no practice. The result is that the -people poorly realize that they are responsible before God for the way they live, for they considered it their chief duty to do as the rulers di-iected them in religious matters. As the French took possession of the is-lands, religious laws were abolished. When they were no longer restrained by the law, but few attended church, and fishing and all kinds of work were done by them on Sunday. A native church member portrayed the matter to me, telling how that now they have no reli-gion, as many of the people are busy with other things Sunday, and do not attend church. I asked why it was so. She replied that there is no law now for bidding them to work on Sunday, and that they had not kept it since the law was repealed. I then asked her if she thought that they would refrain from labor if they had another Sunday law. She thought that would be all that was needed to get the people to keeping the day properly again. But, who would they obey, God or the government, if they were to keep Sunday simply because the govern- ment would- fine them for working upon that day? If men will not obey a plain command of God, but rest upon VIEWS ILLUSTRATING SCENES IN THE SOCIETY ISLANDS. 