74 A_NT INT° Vol,. 9, No. 10. the papacy in the United States, and have given him credit for it. And we also give him credit for good intentions regarding opposition to the papacy. But as his raising the alarm is robbed of its force by the fact of his having helped to create the alarming situation, so his proposed oppo-sition is robbed of all its force by the method which he proposes. Here is his proposition as made in his second open letter to Satolli :Š When Buddhists shall have 500,000 votes from this country, we shall find out how to prohibit the Grand Llama from sending his "ablegate" here to control them. You may force us to make a general law ap-plicable to the pope and the Grand Llama alike. But how such a law could be made in accordance with any American principle the bishop does not attempt to say, even if he ever took time to think on that phase of the subject. Such a law as Bishop Coxe suggests could not possibly be anything else than a law respecting an establishment of religion and prohibiting the free exercise thereof. Such a law therefore would be in direct violation of the First Amendment to the Constitution, which declares that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of re-ligion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." And that the bishop means just such a law, as indeed there could be no other, is made certain by his own words in the sentences immediately following the one above quoted. Here are his words to Satolli :Š Now, look at the French law, established by the First Consul and accepted by the pope himself. Here it is textually translated :Š No individual calling himself nuncio, legate, vicar or com-missary apostolic, or availing himself of any other denomina-tion, shall, without the authorization of the Government, exercise any function relative to the affairs of the Gallican Church upon the soil or anywhere else. Any such law as that would be at once to make the Government the head of all religion, which would be but the papacy under another form and under another head. The enactment of any such law, either in word or in principle, would be, at that one stroke, to sweep away every principle of the Government as established by those who made the Government. It would be, at that one stroke, to destroy the Government as it was founded upon Amer-ican, Protestant, and Christian principles, and to set up in its place a government committed to and actuated by papal prin-ciples only. That it would be done by professed Protestants would alter neither the principle nor the prospect. Professed Protestants have done such things be-fore. And in all such instances the only thing that ever kept them from being, in all respects, like the papacy itself, was only the limitations upon their power. The only thing that ever kept John Calvin from being to the fullest extent like Inno-cent the Third, was that he did not have the power of Innocent the Third. The only thing that ever kept either the Puritans of England or of New England, or the Episcopalians of England or Maryland, from being, in all respects, like the pa-pacy, as they were in so many respects, was that they did not have the power of the papacy. And if the principles here announced by Bishop Coxe should prevail in the United States, we have no assur-ance that the people would be any better off under the superintendence of Bishop Coxe than they would be under Archbishop O'Flannagan or Cardinal O'Mulligan. And we positively know that with the principles of the Government, maintained as they were originally established, the people would be far better off with ten  thousand " ablegates " here, than they could be without one, under the procedure proposed by Bishop Coxe; for this pro-cedure would open wide the door for every bigotŠpolitical, religious, or other kind--in the land, to make himself an " able-gate" over everybody else. And the event would prove that they would all make themselves such too. Bishop Coxe's pro-posed remedy is far worse than is the real disease, which we dread equally with him. No ! Upon American, Protestant, and Christian principles, the Grand Llama has as much right to send an " ablegate " here to control 500,000 Buddhists as he has to send a priest to control five, or as any individual has to be a Buddhist at all: that is, a full, complete and untrammeled right. And under these principles the pope has just as much right to send an ablegate here to control 7,000,000 Cath-olics, as he has to create a cardinal here, or to appoint a priest here, or as any in-dividual here has to be a Catholic at all : and that is, a perfect right. And no re-striction can be put upon that right with-out, at the same time and in the same act, sweeping away the safeguards of all the rights of all the people. And, surely, every person who will take the time to think must readily decide that it is far better to maintain the principles and the safeguards of all the rights of himself and all the people, and bear the presence of an "ablegate," than to sweep away all ° the safeguards of all the rights of himself and all the people in an attempt to get rid of the " ablegate." Ł BUT it may be said, and truly, that the papacy with its ablegate, and in its whole system, is not only religious but political, and interferes in politics and manipulates votes, and thus herself violates the prin-ciples of the Government and the Consti-tution. Yes, that is true. The papacy is nothing if not political as well as religious. "The help of the law and State author-ity " is an essential element in the work of the papacy. She does interfere in pol-itics and does manipulate votes, and does, thus and otherwise, violate the principles of the Government and the provisions of the Constitution. And there are many professed Protestant church-managers, who have set for her the pernicious exam-ple by repeatedly doing the same things. And this is where they are just like the papacy. But even though this were not so, and there were no such example set, it is manifestly vain to attempt or expect to defeat the wrong-doing of the papacy, by doing the same things, and the same way that she does. No person ndr any-thing can be right by being like the pa-pacy. We can be right only by being entirely unlike the papacy in all things. When the papacy violates the principles, or the Constitution, of the Government, it will not help the matter for us also to violate these principles or the Constitu-tion. Violation of American principles by Catholics cannot be stopped by the violation of these principles by people who are not Catholics. One breach of Amer-ican principles is not cured, but is in-creased by a good deal more than double, by the committal of another. Such is not the way to oppose the papacy in the United States. And as the AMERICAN SENTINEL is American indeed, we can never join in or indorse any such "oppo-sition " to the papacy. THE reader may be ready to ask, " Do  you propose to surrender to Rome alto-gether ?"ŠOh, no, never ! We propose to have the victory over Rome altogether. It may be inquired then, " How do you propose to do it ?" Well, we shall tell that later. But in the meantime we beg leave to remark that the present position and work of the papacy in the United States presents a much greater question than the American people realize, and a question which requires much more care-ful and critical thought than many people have ever yet given to it. A. T. J. Ł Ł  Trial of Seventh-day Adventists in Gainesville, Georgia. THE cases of Elder W. A. McCutchen and Professor E. C. Keck, Seventh-day Adventists, of Gainesville, Ga., were reached in the City Court of Gainesville during the forenoon of Thursday, Febru-ary 22. The cases were heard together, and occupied nearly the entire day. The trial was before Judge Marshall L. Smith and a jury. The following morning the Atlanta Con-stitution contained this special correspond-ence in reference to the matter :Š GAINESVILLE, GA., February 22.Š(Special.)ŠRich in sensation and replete in novelty was the case of the State vs. Elder W. A. McCutchen and Professor E. C. Keck, of the Seventh-day Adventist sect, which came up for trial in the City Court of Hall County to-day. The defendants were indicted for working on Sunday. The State was represented by Solicitor-General Howard Thompson and W. F. Findley, and the de-fendants appeared in their own defense. Four wit-nesses were introduced in behalf of the State, who testified that they saw the defendants at work in the Seventh;day Adventists' Church here on Sunday of November 19, 1893. They were sawing, scribing and jointing lumber. The defendants made their . . statements and admitted doing the work, but claimed that they observed Saturday the seventh day, and therefore had no remorse of conscience. Elder Mc-Cutchen made a very clever argument in his own de-fense, lasting one hour and a half. He was followed by Professor Keck, who spoke less than five minutes. Colonel W. F. Findley then closed for the State, con-suming  an hour, and his honor, Marshall L. Smith, gave a clear and impartial charge to the jury which retile  During the trial the courtroom was crowded. The ministers of the city were on hand in full force to hear the law and gospel both propounded in the courtroom. The jury retired -it 4:15 o'clock in the afternoon, and, it being announced at 5.40 that the jury had not agreed and that the same was not likely to agree, by consent it was agreed that should the jury reach a verdict during  the night the foreman should hold it until court reconvenes in the morning at 9 o'clock. The case resulted in a mistrial. On the reconvening of court the next morning the jury was still out, and being called in, the foreman declared that there was no likelihood of an agreement being reached. The jury was therefore discharged, and the case will come up for trial again at the next term of the same court which opens the third Monday in May. There has been, very naturally and properly, a deep and wide-spread interest in this case. It could not be otherwise, when it is considered what the principle is which is at stake, and in jeopardy of what, under its penal code and system, the State of Georgia has placed these men. The citizens of the city of Gainesville and the country surrounding have been in a measure aroused to the importance of the case. That the trial resulted as it did is a partial evidence of this. It is not to be supposed that the people of the State of Georgia will allow a case of religious per-secution, worthy of the last century, to be carried on among them without, at least, informing themselves as to its merits and developing very decided opinions as to its propriety or impropriety. Those who 