OCTOBER 3, 1895. CAIN-  g IVT` 311 Dispatch, Sunbright Dixie Reporter, Nashville Camden Chronicle Daily Progress Free Press Martin Mail Roan County Republican Sunday Times Daily Times, Chattanooga Patriotic Herald, Nashville UTAH. Evening Press, Ogden Herald, Salt Lake City VERMONT. Messenger, St. Albans, Phcenix, Brattleboro VIRGINIA. Hilloville News Echo, Broadway WASHINGTON. Medical Lake Ledger Advertiser, Sprague White River Journal Milton Eagle WEST VIRGINIA. Mountain State Gavel, New Martinsville Fairmont Free Press WISCONSIN. Reedsburg Free Press Centralia Enterprise Antigo Herald Wisconsin Tobacco Reporter Motor, Madison Milwaukee Daily News Lodi Valley News Stevens Point Journal WYOMING. Laramie Times Religious Press. Of the religious press, the following jour-nals have spoken against the persecution of seventh-day observers:Š Sabbath Recorder, Plainfield, N. J. Sabbath Outlook, Independent, New York Examiner (Baptist), New York Outlook (Congregational), New York Christian Register (Unitarian), Boston Unity (Unitarian), Chicago Church Bulletin (Baptist), South Chicago Watchman (Baptist), Boston Indiana Baptist, Indianapolis Die Rundschau (Lutheran), Chicago Monitor (Catholic), San Francisco Catholic Mirror, Baltimore Hebrew World, New York Chicago Israelite American Hebrew, New York Jewish Spectator, Nashville Jewish Criterion, Pittsburg American Israelite, Cincinnati Western Watchman, Mo. Christian Intelligencer, New York Primitive Catholic (Rel.) Christian Leader, Ohio Jewish Spectator, Memphis Favor the Persecution. The following papers have justify the imprisonment of ists:Š SECULAR. Atlanta Constitution Pulaski (Tenn.) Citizen Heartsville (Mo.) Press Toledo Blade, Ohio Hartsville Press, Mo. California Voice, San Francisco Macdenny Sentinel, Fla. Ottowa Semi-Weekly Journal, Canada Kankakee Daily Times, Ill. RELIGIOUS. Canadian Baptist, Toronto, Ontario Nashville Baptist Texas Baptist Standard Alabama Baptist Messenger and Visitor (Baptist), St. Johns, N. B. Central Methodist, Ky. East Tennessee Baptist, Tenn. Omaha Christian Advocate Kentucky Baptist, Waco, Texas Nashville Christian Advocate, Tenn. Baptist Reaper, Martin, Tenn. Christian Statesman, Allegheny, Pa. Christian Reformer, Pittsburg, Pa. LITERARY NOTICES. THE " Rights of the People," or " Civil Government and Religion," is the latest num-ber of the Religions Liberty Library issued. It is an illustrated pamphlet of 378 pages, by Alonzo T. Jones. The " Rights of the People," is the well-known pamphlet, " Civil Government and Religion," revised and greatly enlarged. This is in the opinion of many the best thing that Mr. Jones has ever written; and it ought not only to be re-,d, but studied by every lover of liberty, either civil or religious. It will be especially valuable for those who expect to study the Sabbath-school lessons in the "International Sabbath-school Quarterly," for the fourth quarter of the current year. Numerous references are made in tnese lessons to this pamphlet, and everyone who expects to master the lessons will need the pamphlet. This book treats of live issues which are now before the people, and everyone should read it, whether interested in religion or not, because it discusses principles that are vital in a government " of the people, by the people, and for the people." Price, 40 cents. Usual discount given to dealers. Address the pub-lishers, Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York. B. .o.  THE "ARENA" FOR OCTOBER. This number of the Arena contains much interesting matter; but perhaps that which will most interest the readers of this paper is, " Cruel Persecution of Christians by Chris-tians in Tennessee." This comes under " Current Notes on Vital Problems," by the editor. Mr. Flower is an exceedingly able writer, and his sympathies have been fully enlisted in behalf of those who are suffering religious persecution. These facts are a suffi-cient guarantee that anything he says upon the subject will be of surpassing interest. The price of the Arena is 50 cents, and may be ordered direct from the publishers, Bos-ton, Mass. -.1Ł Ł " THE Duty to Obey Civil Rulers," is the title of the April issue of the Religious Lib-erty Library. The subject is considered from the standpoint of the Christian, and the limitations imposed by man's duty to his Creator are pointed out, as set forth by the declarations of Scripture. The bearing of expediency, and of the doctrine of natural rights, upon the question, are also considered. The propositions laid down are clear, logical, scriptural, and in harmony with the principles maintained by eminent and well-known men of our own times. As the question of obedi-ence to civil rulers is becoming more and more a practical one for every person, by reason of movements set on foot which, under the sanction of "law," invade the realm of conscience, a clear understanding of the limits within which duty commands obedience to civil rulers, is a matter of prime importance to each individual; hence all should feel an interest to read this publication. Sixteen pages, price, 2 cents. Address the Interna-tional Tract Society, Battle Creek, Mich. S. . Ł  " KEEP the Commandments," is the title of a sixty-four page pamphlet, published by Charles E. Buell, Plainfield, N. J. The author makes a strong and able plea for the observance of all of God's ten precepts, with especial reference to that one which is, in the name of religion, so generally disregarded. The claims of the seventh-day Sabbath are  presented from the Scriptures, in contrast with those sought from tradition and custom for " the venerable day of the sun." The arguments are drawn from a wide range of Scripture texts, and are forcibly presented. Address the author. JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of Erro-mangaŠBy Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN BRIGHT, the Man of the People ŠBy Jesse Page, author of " Bishop Patter-son," "Samuel Crowther," etc. I2mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. WILLIAM CAREY, the Shoemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. SAMUEL CROWTHER, the Slave Boy who became Bishop of the NigerŠ By Jesse Page, author of "Bishop Patter-son. " 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kennan went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, because no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo, PUBLIC(ITIONS O THE S(113B(ITH QUESTION. The biding Sabbath. BY A. T. JONES. No. 9 of the Bible Students' Library. This is a review of two Sabbath "prize essays," one of $500, and one of $1,000. It contains mighty arguments on the Sabbath question; 174 pages; price, 15 cents. Is Sunday the Sabbath? No. 24 of the Li-brary. A brief consideration of New Testament texts on the first day of the week; 8 pages; price, 1 cent. Nature and Obligation of the Sabbath of the Fourth Commandment. By J. H. Waggoner. No. 54 of the Library. Clear and strong in argument; price, 10 cents. Sunday; Origin of its Observance in the Christian Church. By E. J. Waggoner. No. 80 of the Library. The testimony given with reference to Sunday is wholly Protestant. All Protestants should read it ; price, 15 cents. Who Changed the Sabbath? No. 107 of the Library. What God's Word predicted; what Christ says; what the papacy says, what Protestants say. A most convincing document; 24 pages; price, 3 cents. "The Christian Sabbath." No. 113 of the Library. A reprint of four articles in the Catholic Mirror, the organ of Cardinal Gibbons. What Cath-olics have to say to Protestants on the subject; 32 pages; price, 4 cents. Christ and the Sabbath. By Prof. W. W. Prescott. The spiritual nature of the Sabbath, what true Sabbath keeping is, and the relation of Christ to the Sabbath in both creation and redemption. A most important tract. No. 14 of the Religious Libertj Li-brary; 38 pages ; price, 5 cents. The History of the Sabbath. By John N. Andrews. A complete history of the Sabbath and first day of the week in religious life and thought, from the earliest ages to the present time, and especially during the Christian dispensation; 550 large octavo pages Ł price, cloth, $2.00; library bindhig, $2.50 Catalogue of religious publications sent free. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street New York City. Oakland Cal. Kansas City, Mo. attempted to the Advent- 