JANUARY 4, 1894. A.TVIMMECAN SnNrriNnir,. What Should He Ask? ISAAC BAKER, of Kent Island, Md., now in jail at Centreville, in that State, for plowing in his own field on Sunday, has received a letter from a lawyer of the city of Baltimore, addressed to him at the Centreville jail, from which the following is a paragraph :Š Some friend has sent me a pamphlet, "Our Answer, " from which I learn of your incarceration for the main-tenance of what to you is a religious principle. While differing widely from your religious views, I hold sacredly the creed enunciated by our forefathers in the bill of rights that no person ought, by any law, ° Rev. 22: 11. § Luke 19:12.  to be molested in his person or estate on account of his religious persuasion or his religious practice, pro-vided, his religious practice does not render it impos-sible for others to enjoy the same privilege in differ-ing practices. So long as the old law stands in our statute books, so long will it be the duty of judge and jury to enforce the law, but the law itself is a blot on the face of the nineteenth century, and should be repealed. From what I learn of Governor Brown I believe that a pardon would follow a presentation of the facts to him, and if you deem it proper to take such a course I shall be glad to do what I can to in-sure the success of an application by obtaining signa-tures, and otherwise, and to extend the same offer in regard to any attempt made to repeal or modify the law which bears so hardly upon you. With sincere sympathy for you and all other men who suffer rather than yield where religious principle is involved, I am, truly yours, Such expressions as these are evidence of the views held by the thoughtful and unprejudiced. It would be a question what plea Mr. Baker could make to Gov-ernor Brown. He is no subject for exec-utive clemency. He has done no wrong, and is not in the wrong,Šhe has been wronged. The great State of Maryland has done to him, an humble but worthy citizen, a foul injustice. What can he ask of the State of Maryland, if anything ? Could he, in justice to himself and the principle for which he stands, ask of the State of Maryland, for himself, anything less than a remission of his fine and a full reimbursement for the loss of time and the expense to which he has been put; leaving upon the records, credited against the State, the ineffaceable history of his imprisonment, as an indelible warning against further judicial and legislative disgrace ? Could Isaac Baker ask any-thing less than this for himself ? Cer-tainly not. And for all his fellow citizens he could ask nothing less than an uncon-ditional repeal of all religious laws in his State. w. H. M. Where is the Limit of Civil Authority? Is civil authority supreme and univer-sal, or is its jurisdiction modified and limited ? If the authority of civil law is not unlimited, what is it which limits that authority, and where are the boundaries set ? To under s: and the scope of the authority of the State it is necessary to ask what the State is and by what process it becomes of authority ? Primarily the people are the State, and it is through their action that the whole people are united into one body politic constituting a State and collectively taking the name of a nation. If this ac-tion is not taken by the people there is no organized body politic and consequently no State, and no civil authority. In such a case there would be no authoritative law except the word of each patriarch requir-ing the obedience of his immediate family. This is the primitive and natural condi-tion, and may exist, even has existed, where there is a considerable population. When alliances are made for the purpose of mutual protection, or convenience, or for the carrying out of individual schemes of aggrandizement, the people must either make the alliance of their own authority or acknowledge its effect and agree to submit. Whatever the form of human government, the people are the first factor. As by the exercise of the capacities and abilities which God has given them they provide for themselves in all other ways, so also they take thought, by civil organ-ization, to care for and protect themselves in the different exigencies of social and civil life. Whatever the form of govern-ment, then, those who administer it do so  by the choice or the sufferance of the governed. Every other theory of the au-thority of the governing over the governed is but an after-thought of those who rule, and born of a desire to usurp and perma-nently retain the place of authority. Then those who administer the govern-ment are bound by the restrictions placed upon them by the body politic which delegated to them the authority which they possess; neither can they have any more authority than that given them by those whom they represent, and in case there are no specified or constitutional limitations, the stream of power cannot rise higher than its source, and the con-stituted authorities cannot possess higher or greater power than was possessed pri-marily by those from whom they received it. There' then is the limit of civil author-ity. Precisely that just and equitable right in reference to his fellow which was every man's prerogative to enforce against his neighbor if there were no government, exactly that, and no more, the constituted authorities have the right and duty of enforcement as between man and man throughout the body politic. Beyond this human government cannot rightfully go. So simple and easily found are the limits of civil authority. Human authority can not be supreme or universal. Man is a finite being, and can dominate nothing but what is temporal. His authority then is limited by his mortality and its bounda-aries are set within that finite limit. Ev-ery voice of human command which strives to assert its authority beyond that limit is but the echo of a futile blasphemy. W. H. M. Christ and the Sabbath.* THE MEMORIAL OF GOD'S POWER. WE have also a sign of the power of God pledged to us for redemption. That sign God himself has set up as a reminder to all the human family that they might remember him, that they might remember his power, that they might remember that his creative power has been pledged for salvation. This sign is as old as the exhi-bition of the power, and it is worth while to notice that this sign is referred to again and again as a continual reminder of the power of God. Three or four scriptures will bring these things together, that we may see this fact. In the first chapter of Genesis we have a record of the creative power of God as manifested through Jesus Christ. At the close of the work we read, beginning with the first verse of the second chapter : " Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them. And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made. And he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made." Remember that it was Christ through whom this power was manifested. Remember, therefore, that it was Christ who rested, and by whom this blessing was pronounced upon this day. Turning over now to the time when Christ spoke to the people from Mount Sinai, and when he rehearsed in their presence the ten commandments, we find this statement concerning this same day: " R-member the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work ; but the seventh day is the * From No. 14, of the Religious Liberty Library, by Prof. W. W. Prescott. the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life." John 3:16. But when Christ takes his own throne, then shall be fulfilled his own words: " When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory : and before him shall be gathered all nations: and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats: and he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left. Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the king-dom prepared for you from the foundation of the world." " Then shall he say also unto them on the left hand, Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, pre-pared for the devil and his angels." Matt. 25: 31-34 and 41. Human probation continues only so long as Christ sits as a priest upon his Father's throne. When he leaves that throne the decree goes forth : " He that is unjust, let him be unjust still." t And immediately follow the words, " And, behold, I come quickly." Our Lord likened himself to a nobleman going "into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom and to return." § And immediately following the return comes the reckoning with the servantsŠthat is, the final judgment. With this also agree Ps. 2: 7-9: " I will declare the decree : the Lord hath said unto me, Thou art my Son; this day have I begotten thee. Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inherit-ance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou Shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." It is true that Christ is now a king, and that he reigns over the kingdom of grace, perfecting, through the ministry of his word, subjects for his future glorious kingdom ; but it is not true that he has yet taken possession of the territory of that glo- rious and eternal kingdom, or that he now reigns "King of kings and Lord of lords."- He now sits as a priest upon his Father's throne, winning, by his mercy and matchless charms, willing subjects for his future glorious kingdom, which is, ere long, to be established in this earth, now sin-cursed; but which, renewed and purged of all trace of sin by the fires of God's justice, is to "rejoice and blossom as the rose. It shall blossom abundantly, and rejoice even with joy and singing: the glory of Lebanon shall be given unto it, the excellency of Carmel and Sharon; they shall see the glory of the Lord, and the excellency of our God." May God hasten the day ! C. P. B. 