January 30, 1889. THE AN/IERICAN 11 letter it is seen that there is no intention to have the Bible in the public schools, nor that the teachers shall be allowed to teach from the Bible the principles of virtue, morality, and the principles of the Christian religion. It is what an assembly of Protestants and Catholics shall agree to say about the Bible, or to select from the BibleŠthis shall be put into, a "text-book," and from this the teachers shall instruct the schools. And this is only to establish an ecclesiastical supremacy here from which everybody must receive his re-ligion ready made. If it is not proper that the religion of the whole Bible should be taught in the public schools, then this only proves that it is not proper that any of it should, as such. A. T. J. Ł Ł 10 A Pertinent Question,. WHAT do people keep Sunday for?' "-Oh," says one, " we keep Sunday to commemorate the resurrection of Christ. In other words, Sunday keeping is a sign which we hang out to show that we believe in Christ." Very well, do you want to compel a man to hang a out  sign that he believes in Christ when the fact is he does not believe in him ? This is exactly what Senator Blair's Sunday Bill is designed to do, and people who- profess Chris-tianity are trying to help the thing along. What would you think if the civil Gov-ernment should pass a law to compel a man to hang, out on the corner of his house a sign, "Boots and Shoes for Sale," when the fact was he had not a boot nor a shoe for sale in the house? Would not this be compelling the man to be a liar and a hypocrite ? Oh, but that is a different case," you say, " alto-gether." Yes, it is different, and in just this respect, that it is as much worse to compel a man to lie about Christ and his religion than to lie about boots and shoes, as the re-ligion of Christ is above the manufacture and male of boots and shoes. What must be the moral condition of peo-ple who will advocate the legal enforcement of such hypocrisy? A. DELOS WESTCOTT. A Free Church and a Free-State: IN this country the church is free and the State is free. It is not a free church in a free State which we wish to be recognized, but a free church and a free State. They stand side by side, independent in government and teaching. Liberty of conscience and of wor-ship is the right of every man, and this the State guarantees. Therefore, the church gives the State its moral support and spiritual in-fluence, and the State opens its doors to the inspection of the church, and is willing to hear its criticism, and listen to its advice, but it cannot and will not, if it be true to its func-tions, subthit to dictation or become the ally of the church in any ecclesiastical work. In other words, it is not the province of the State to teach religion, and it is equally out of the American order for the church to teach poli- tics. Ł But we are told that if religion be not taught in the schools they will. become godless, and  the result will be infidelity or indifferentism. Has the church, then, so little faith in its di-vine origin and its supernatural superintend-ence that it is afraid it will fail in its mission unless it places a catechism and a creed in the' curriculum? It seems to me that the outcry against a godless school is not only a reflection upon the church, but a distrust in God, who is the sum of all knowledge, and who has revealed himself as clearly in meas-urable geometry as in immeasurable meta-physics, and who is as certainly near to us in the manifestations disclosed by the study of history and geography as in the sublimated mysteries of theologic speculation. But if it be conceded that religion ought to be taught in the State schools, what relig-ion shall it be ? There are at least ten relig-ions which have exercised a beneficent influ-ence upon mankind, anti in a community like our own we shall find those who sympa-thize with the tenets held by each of these. Shall the State sit in judgment upon these and declare what one shall receive its sanc-tion and support? What becomes, then, of the rights of the nine, all of whom will be compelled to contribute to that which they detest ?ŠRev. T. P. Saurin, in the Troy Times. National Reform (Mis-) Reading of History. WERE' it not for the solemn ending that there is to be to the work of the National Re-form party, their claims, and the arguments, speeches, and propositions by which they at-tempt-to set them forth, would be a constant source of amusement. And we recollect no single statement in all of theirs that we have seen that is more absurdly ridiculous than the following, taken from the very first speech of the Cleveland Convention:Š "As a grain of corn does not grow but in harmony with the laws which the Creator has ordained for corn, a Nation does not pros-per but in harmony with the laws which the God of Nations has ordained for Nations." Now the veriest tyro knows that this prop-osition, in the sense in which it is meant, is contradicted by the unanimous voice of all history; and the most cursory glance over the field of history will discover the strongest kind of contradictions. Take, for an instance, Frederick the Great, an out-and-out infidel, if not an entire atheist, who always spoke of Christianity in a mocking tone, and of whom it might almost be said that Voltaire was his "patron saint;" who in affairs of statecraft pretended to no form of virtue, but was moved solely by sheer, unhallowed ambition. -To quote his own words, "Ambition, interest, the desire of making people talk about me, carried the day." He broke his plighted faith with the queen of Hungary, and deliberately plun-dered her of one of the richest provinces of her dominions, and for no purpose what-ever but to "extend his dominions, and see his name in the gazettes." To more effectu-ally accomplish his robbery, he had leagued himself with France and Bavaria; but when he had torn away Silesia, and France and Bavaria were .about to help themselves as he  had done, he saw that it would add too much to the strength of France for his safety, and he withdrew from the league, and concluded a treaty with the queen. When she was re-lieved of his opposition, Maria Theresa easily conquered both France and Bavaria; but when Frederick saw how easily she had swept them from the field, he became alarmed for his possession of Silesia, and again broke faith with her, and allied himself closely with France, again invaded the queen's do-minions, took Prague, and threatened her capital, and the very next year again broke faith with France, and concluded another peace with Maria Theresa.., Here, then, we have four times that he had broken his plighted faith, and all inside of four years. Yet for all this his kingdom so prospered that in just two years after his last peace with Maria Theresa, thrOugh the Seven Years' War, he was able to hold his own dur-ing the whole seven long years against the al-lied powers of the continent. France, Austria, Russia, Saxony, Sweden, and the body of German States, were all allied -against him. His little kingdom, all told, contained less than five millions of people, and the stolen province of Silesia was the fourth part. The population of the countries leagued against him was fully a hundred million. His army was less than a hundred thousand. The army of the confederates was six hundred thou-sand. Yet against all this vast odds he main-tained his cause, and at the end of the Seven Years' War concluded a peace in which he ceded nothing, not even a foot of the stolen province. "The whole continent in arms had proved unable to tear Silesia from that iron grasp." It was not alone in a military point of view that his kingdom prospered. It prospered civilly as well. At the close of the war, his kingdom was one scene of desolation, but "his energy soon brought back the national prosperity." And when he died, in 1786, he left 70,000,000 thalers in the treasury, and an army of 200,000 men, of the best' soldiers of Europe. Civilly his rule was remarkable in other things. Freedom of speech and the press was so absolute that, outside of the United States, to this day it would be difficult to find- its equal. "Order was strictly main-tained throughout his dominions. Property was secure." " Religious persecution was un-known under his government. The scoffer whom the Parliaments of France had sen-tenced to a cruel death, the Jesuit who could show his face nowhere else, who in Britain was still subject to penal laws, who was pro-scribed by France, Spain, Portugal, and Na-ples, who had been given up even by the Vatican, found safety and the means of sub-sistence in the Prussian dominions. His pol-icy with respect to the Catholics of Silesia presented an honorable contrast to the policy which, under very similar circumstances, En-gland long followed with respect to the Catho-lics of Ireland." He was one of the very first rulers -who abolished the cruel practice of torture. "No sentence of death was executed without his 