186 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Another instance of this same spirit of despotic invasion of the rights of the peo-ple is shown in the act of Congress em-poWering the Census Bureau to carry on such _political inquisition as to compel_ the people of ,the United State to answer such qUestions as-the following 22. Whether [he or= she is] suffering from acute or4ehrortic diseases,- with the name of disease and length of time afflicted.  23, :Whether defective in mind, sight, hearing, or speech;_or whether crippled, maimed, or deformed, and name of defect. 24. Whether a prisoner, convict, homeless child, pauper. 25 and 26. Is the home you live in hired ? or is it owned by the head or by a member of the family ? 27. If owned by head or member of family, is the house free from mortgage encumbrance ? 28. If the head of the family is a farmer, is the farm which he cultivates hired ? or is it owned by him or by a member of his family ? 29. If owned by head or member of family, is the farm free from mortgage encumbrance ? 30. If the home or farm is not owned by head or member of family and mortgaged, give the post office address of owner. When Congress, and legislatures, and governors, and lawyers, advocate the com-pulsory speaking of English, and compul-sory education, and compulsory voting, and the compulsory telling of every per-sonal defect and every private disease, it is not so much to be wondered at that preachers should advocate compulsory re-ligion. When Congress voluntarily sets on foot a political inquisition it is not to be, greatly wondered at that the political preachers and churches should petition the same body to establish a religiOus in-quisition also. Every one of these things is an unwar-rantable invasion of the rights of the peo-ple. In this Government there are rights of the people, separate from and above both the rights of the States and of the United States. There is such a thing as the rights of the States; there is also such a thing as the rights of the United States; and there is yet further such a thing as the rights of the people. In other words there, are State rightS, national rights, and personal rights; and each of these is separate froth both the others. This is all recognized and expressed in the United States Constitution. The Constitution be-gins with the words, " WE THE PEOPLE." Then the Ninth Amendment. says :Š The enumeration in the Constitution of certain rights shall not be construed to deny_ or disparage others retained by the people. Then the Tenth Amendment says :Š The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or TO THE PEOPLE. The makers of this Nation understood this. question thoroughly; but it is now almost entirely forgotten. When will the peeple, learn once more to recognize, and to assert, the rights of the people ? A. T. J. A Telling Example. IN The Independent of May 22, we find the following announcement :Š A telling example-of the evil of intoxicating liq-uors is that offered by the dismissal of Post-Chap-lain John Vaughan Lewis, formerly a popular min=' ister of St. John's Church, the most fashionable church in Washington City, who was appeinted to a chaplaincy in the army in 1883. He was com-pelled to leave-  his church by his unfortunate, and we must add, criminal habit of drinking. The habit pursued him after he left the, church and while a chaplain in the army. A year ago he was confined in an insane asylum for treatment, after having been recommended for retirement by a re-tiring board. It was hoped that the treatment would result in a partial cure, so that he might be restored to duty ; but such has not been the case, and an order has been issued directing his retirement with a year's pay. That is also a telling example of the evil of State chaplaincies. There was a man dismissed from the church for drunk-enness, and then by some " influence " or other hocus-pocus was made a chaplain in the army. That is to say, he was not fit any longer to belong to a church, there-fore it was proper for the State to take him up and give him charge of the spirit-ual interests and the moral culture of its soldiers. Addicted to habitual drinking when he was appointed in 1883, he kept it up all these seven years " while a chaplain in the army ; " and a year ago he was con-fined in an asylum for treatment, with the hope of "a partial cwe, so that he might be restored to duty." That is to say, an habitual drinker is worthy to be appointed a chaplain in the army, and so long as he is not entirely gone in besotted inebriety he is capable of performing " duty " as a chaplain. When, however, it is no longer possible to keep him even partially sober then it is proper to retire him "with a year's pay." Eight year's pay, therefore, Šnot less than ten thousand dollars of public moneyŠhas been paid to this chap-lain for doing a drunkard's " duty." Such a misappropriation of public money however is a very small item in comparison with the infamous and stand-ing insult thus imposed upon every en-listed man in the United States Army. For, to assumeŠas the appointment of such a character as that to the office of chaplain, and as the keeping of him there knowing him .to be such, does assumeŠthat the soldiers of the United States army are so low and degraded that a confirmed drunkard is a fit instructor in. morals and a proper person to take charge of their spiritual interests, is nothing short of an infamous insult imposed upon every en- listed man in the service. Considerable has been said lately about bettering the condition of the enlisted men in the, army. There is plenty of room for it. And the total abolition of the whole system of State chaplaincies in the army and everywhere eLse, would be an excellent beginning. Under the circumstances it is difficult to suppose that this man was not known to be what he was, when lie was appointed. For Tresident Arthur, who appointed him, -waa-raii. attendant, at the very church of which he was a minister before he was appointed chaplain. It is indeed a telling example. A. T. J. Why He Sails Under Cover. M.. A. GAULT, in Christian Nation, April 30, says Brother.  Crafts is now making a tour of the West, but does not announce his meetings definitely, I presume in order that these organizers of the oppo-sition may not get on his track. Yes; that is what we presumed some time ago. But why does he not wish these opponents to get on his track ? Is he fearful of the results of an open con-flict when overtaken by them ? or doesn't he want such large crowds, anyway ? Evidently he is not advocating doctrines which admit of such profound reasoning and unanswerable arguments that those who have attacked him once dare not ask him any questions after that. On the contrary, he seems anxious to avoid hav-ing to answer the questions a second time. But a lack of definiteness in making appointments may not only keep the oppo-sition off his track, but his friends and abettors also. To such inconvenience is error put when pursued by truth. ŁWhy does not Mr. Crafts stand his ground ?ŠW. A. Colcord. Some Statesmanship. IN the course of the discussion in regard to the admission of Idaho into the Union, in the House of Representatives, April 2, Hon. Joseph E. Washington, of Tennessee, as reported in the Congressional Record of April 6, said :Š Mr. Speaker: The gentleman from. Idaho (Mr. DuBois) in defending the clause in the Constitution.  of Idaho which disqualifies Mormons from voting and holding office, says:Š The gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. 'Washington) signs this report. Let us see what the Constitution of Tennessee says on the subject of franchise. By article 9, "Ministers of the gospel are forbidden to hold office, also persons who deny God, or fight duels." Yet, the gentleman from Tennessee signs a report which says :Š " We insist that in Idaho disqualifications for holding office shall result only from a conviction of crime." The people of Idaho say bigamists and polygamists shall not hold office in Idaho, the people of Tennes-see say ministers of the gospel shall not hold office in Tennessee. Now, sir, let me read you in full the parts of the Constitution of Tennessee referred to. (Art. 9. Sec. 1-3.) They are as follows :Š Whereas ministers of the gospel are, by their profession, dedicated to GodŁand the care of souls, and ought not to be diverted from the great duties of their functions; therefore no minister of the gospel or priest of any denomination whatever shall be eligible to a seat in either house of the Legisla-ture. 