THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 93 is made that the law shall have the same ef-:feet on other business that it has on the Sun-day saloon. And why? Because the Sunday saloon is a curse! . And then they call upon the:  people' to make and uphold such, a law as, the, great remedy for the evils of intemper-ance I And even though men may be work-bag zealously to put down saloons every' day in the week, they are still denounced as ene-mies to the cause of temperance, unless they . advocate the Sunday law. This we label De-: ception No. 1. Very soon we find the same clergymen who declared that a law for the observance of Sun-day is _the only safeguard of religion, again declaring. that a law for the strict observance of Sunday is not at all of the nature of re-ligious legislation. Rest is necessary for health' therefere a compulsory ;Sunday rest s' purely, a "sanitary regulation." No matter if 'a man has rested on the day preceding, ev-ery Man ,stands in physidal need of a', rest on Sunday. We will label this Deception No. 2. Besides this, the State has already recog-nized it as a holiday, in which men may not 'b'e compelled to.  .work; now it must take one little step more, and compel them not to work. Although such action is not consistent with the idea of a legal . holiday, the necessities of the case require that it shall be so considered. And then the Sunday law becomes purely "a ,police -regulation." " Only that, and nothing -more." Now from the same pulpit from which: it was announced that a Sunday law was demanded in the interest of religion, the people are assured that not at all as a relig-ious question, but as one of loyalty to the State, they are required to keep Sunday. This we will call Deception No. 3. But they are confronted with the fact that scr.) good citizens, in every way meeting the requirements of Washington's declaration, peaceable, industriouS, honest, and proverbi-ally temperate, conscientiously observe the seventh day, claiming authority for sp .doing froni the decalogue, 'which says,-" The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou,  shalt not do any work." Is not this strict Sunday law which the State is asked to enact, contrary to the avowal of Washington? and to the spirit of our national Constitution? Will it not infringe upon their religious rights? Not at all, is the reply of the clergymen. The Sunday law will not deny them the privilege of keeping the seventh day. We shall com-pel them to keep Sunday, and after that they may keep as many other days as they please. Our law interferes with no man's rights of conscience. Here is Deception No. 4. That this is a deception of the rankest kind is readily Seen. By such sophistry as they adopt, any abomination might rightfully be forced upon the servants of God. The officers of Nebuchadnezzar might have used the same argument with the three Hebrews, and with an equal show of justice. "We do not pro- , :pose to 'interfere with your religion. It is your duty to honor the king. By a 'police ' regulation you are called upon to bow down to the golden image. Having done this, you Arieliherty to worship Jehovah as much as  you please." Now there is a controversy among the churches on the subject of bap-tism. By an appeal to the lexicons, the Bap-tists appear to have the argument. So the State decides, and in addition to its law for the observance of the ,Christian Sabbath, it makes a law enforcing Christian baptism, thus requiring all her citizens to be immersed. To this the great majority of the clergymen herein referred to demur, as they do not be-lieve in immersion. They and their children have all been sprinkled. The law, they claim,. is an interference-  with their religion. But they are assured that they are altogether wrong. Washing in water being necessary to health, this law is purely a sanitary regula-tion ; and, being enacted by the State, it thereby becomes a police regulation. For these considerations they must obey it. And besides this, it cannot infringe upon any rights of their religion. True, it requires them to be immersed, in accordance with the faith of the Baptists; but having submitted to this, they are at full liberty to sprinkle and be sprinkled as much as they please ! No coercion of conscience, at all; they are at lib-erty to carry out their own religion to their heart's content. It is needless to ask what they would think of such a law, or of such a reason for enforcing it. When certain min-isters who declared that it was no infringe-ment on the rights of those who kept the seventh day to compel them to keep Sunday, because they were at liberty to keep the sev-enth day also, were asked if they would be willing, to obey' a law compelling them to keep the seventh day on the consideration ' that they would be at liberty to keep the Sunday also, they promptly answered, No! Thus they confess that Deception No. 4 is a sheer deception of the basest kind; it is un-worthy of those who make the slightest claim to be honorable men; much more so of those who claim to be Christians. But the observers of the seventh day are inclined to do just as these clergymen say they would do under their circumstances ; they say that while the decalogue commands them to keep the seventh day, and they are in conscience bouhd to keep it, the same law says, "Six,  days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work." They say' that they need the avails of the labor of the six days to support themselves and their families; they deny the right of any earthly power to deprive them of this. He who commanded them to keep the seventh day, gave them a legal permission to work six days; he gave his own example for the institution of the Sabbath ; he created all things in six days and rested the seventh day. On these facts is based the precept to work six days and rest the seventh day. Therefore their right to work six days, as well as to keep the seventh day, rests on the au-thority of the Creator. Now if the advocates of the Sunday law are not convinced of their duty to keep the seventh' day, they must surely respect such reasoning, honor such regard for the authority of the Creator of Heaven and earth, and admire the spirit which leads people to bear so heavy a cross to  carry out their convictions of duty to follow, the word of God. But do they ? No ; they affect great religious zeal, and denounce them -to the people as a " pestilent sect," as disloyal to the Government, as "needlessly peevish" to maintain their " whimseys," as traitors to the laws of God and man ; they denounce them as heretics, and class them with atheists; as men who would join hands with Anarchists to destroy society. Do they really believe these gross charges? do they not know that that people as a class are law-abiding to the extreme ? that it is solely out of respect for law and authority that they suffer loss and. bear reproach? Yes; they know all this. What, then, shall we say of their affectation of righteous indignation over their course? We must set it down as Deception No. 5.,  It is the very climax of all deceptions. But we find it in those who profess to respect nothings  as highly as religious consistency and a high' regard for the law of God. But there are some who come out boldly and say that our national Constitution is wrong; that the Sixth Article and the First Amend-ment contain the germs of anarchy and na-tional destruction. They say that it is the duty of Congress to adopt a standard of re-ligion to which all the people must be com-pelled to conform. That this strikes at the very life of our religious freedomŠat the very foundations of our GovernmentŠcannot honestly be denied. And yet, as the SENTI-NEL has proved over and over again, the in-novation is sought to be thrust upon the peo-ple by a series of evasions and deceptions of the most dishonorable nature. And the half has not been told. It has error for its spring, and it can only be upheld by deception. If we were ready to grant that we need a national religion, which we are not, or be-lieved that it was for the welfare of the GoV-ernment and of religion, which we surely do not, we could not adopt a system which is so ready to resort to the most unworthy meth-ods,---Land which 'rests so largely on evasions and deceptions. It may be religion, but it is anything but Christianity. We insist that Christianity means honesty. J. H. W. Busybodies. MR. SECRETARY GAULT was preaching Na-tional Reform out in Wisconsin, in October, at the same time that President Cleveland passed through that State on his tour of the Western and Southern States. Mr. Gault preached twice in Menomonee, and in one of his sermons he argued in favor cif govern-mental enforcement Of Sunday-keeping. In the. Cynosure we find a highly commendatory report of it, and among other things we find this:Š "Brother Gault was very much exercised with regard to the course of President Cleve-land last Sunday at Madison. He, together with Postmaster-General Vilas, was expected to attend a certain church. Pews were re-served and decorated, and ushers were wait-ing; services were delayed a long time, kit no President and no Postmaster-General ap-peared. The fact was that when the bells were ringing for church, Grover was still in bed 