THE AMERICANT SENTINEL,. 363 but the -articles of their union were subsequently sealed with blood. an enlightened coinnuthity, blessed with free and liberal institutions, religious despotism can only be established insensibly; and !by degrees. Every approach, to it should be vigilantly guarded against by the Government. Knowing that in all ages, down to the present time, the cleigy have been enterpris-ingund attibitious, seizing eagerly upon' power,. and exercising it without reason and without Mercy, 'it would be arrogance in those of the,  present age to claim an exemption from similar propensities ; and, even were ,therto claim it, their claim would not be'Credited by 'careful observers of their conduct. When we consider'the number,* talents, and influence of this body of Men, their zeal and activity, the in-timate union that exists among them, and the con-cert with which all their movements are accom-plished ; the astonishing credulity ,of many of their adherents ; the support they derive from numerous religions corporations and soeleties,',ra,pidly increas-ing in numbers 'and in wealth ; the almost unlimited poltrolivhich they exercise over Our colleges and other literary institutions, with no' power but the laWs, which they are ambitious to, control, to watch or Check them7Šwe see reason to dread even 'their unasSiSted'eff0rts to dePrive Us' of our liberties ; but especially should We dePrecateCarthing them with poWers which properly belong only to the people and the, rulers of their choiceŠpowers, like in other days; to tread on the necks, of kings, dictate laVvs to 'nations, and murder millions with impunity. We cannot shut our eyes to the visible fact that the clergy are the prime movers, the life and soul of the measure prayed for by the petitioners. With these views and feelings, we deem it our sacred duty respectfully but solemnly, to remon-strate against the measure prayed for by said peti-tioners, and we feel conscious that in so doing we shall best subserve the cause of true religion and the interests of our beloved country. These reasons, urged .so forcibly' and so successfully against Sunday legislation sixty years ago, are equally applicable to-day. What was the "life and soul" of that movement, is the " life and Ł soul " of the present movement andnow, as then, the move is simply a stepping-stone to further legislation in the same line. W. A. BLAKELY. University of Michigan. Is the State Supreme? A CORRESPONDENT sends US a long de- fense of Sunday laws, from which we take the following extract :Š The question involves nothing more nor less than the conscience of the individual in conflict with the will of the State, and 'the decision hereto-fore 'by eminent jurists, has been, that "the State must not waver." Why ? Because " the State is supreme." If the will of the State is to be bandied about " by every, wind of doctrine," then it will be plain to every reasoning mind, the State can never proceed upon any well-regulated eysteni of law, and " without system there can be no rule of ac-tion," which will not do for a State. Well, but, you will now say, the. State has nothing to do with conscience. Indeed! I have just shown that where the will of the State is opposed by the conscience of the individual " the State must not waver." Certainly "the question is nothing more nor less than the conscience of the indi-vidual in conflict with the will of the State ; " it does not follow, however, that "the State must not waver'." In its legiti-mate sphere " the State is supreme and must not waver ;" but the domain of con-' *PublIsli8c1 by authority of Congress In 1884. science is a domain that the State has no right to invade. By " conscience," we mean, as defined by Webster, "the fac-ulty, power, or principle which decides on the lawfulness or unlawfulness of our actions [the divine law being the stand-ard], and approves, or condemns them." This domain, we say, the State has no right, to invade; and it needs no extended argument to prove this proposition. It has been truly said of civil government, that " the domain which it invades it dominates; the jurisdiction which it takes it keeps." This fact alone should forever exclude it from the sacred precincts of the soul, for no man can ever surrender his conscience to the keeping of another and maintain his own self-respect, to say noth-ing of his loyalty to his God. Governments have in past ages assumed to dominate the realm Łof conscience; the sequel is the history of the Inquisition. The thumbscrew, the rack, and the fagot are inseparable from the theory advocated by our correspondent. He may affirm that he would not carry it so far as that, but it is impossible for him to stop short of it without abandoning his theory. It is for this reason that we oppose all Sun-day laws; they are the beginnings of in-tolerance ; they necessarily trench upon the most sacred right of man, namely, the right to worship (which carries with it the right not to worship), just as seemeth him good. Sunday is, and always was, a religious festival. It was originally, sacred to the worship of the sun god, and is now very generally regarded as commemorating the resurrection of Christ, and is by many held to be the Sabbath. If it were not regarded as sacred there would be no de-mand for laws enforcing its observance. It is therefore a matter that the State has no right to touch. It is true that the friends of Sunday legislation have learned wisdom by past experience, and endeavor as, much as pos-sible to keep in the background the fact that their motive is religious, but they can never get away from the facts. They demand a "civil Sabbath ;" but what they mean is a religious Sabbath enforced by civil law. Mr. Crafts himself says : "Take the religion out and you take the rest out;" and right in harmony with this utterance is the following " plank " from the platform of the Pennsylvania Prohibi-tionists :Š The Sabbath must be preserved by the due en-forcement of existing laws and the speedy enact-ment of such additional legislation as may be necessary to insure its due observance. The words " Sabbath " and " due ob-servance " are, not civil, or secular, but religious terms, and the thought back of them was a religious thought. It is not physical rest but spiritual worship that is the object of Sunday laws. The plea that " all must rest or none can," is neg-atived by the fact that thousands do rest  upon days when the majority are at work. All told, our country contains probably fifty thousand seventh-day Christians, who conscientiously and habitually rest upon the seventh day, the busiest day of all the week, and they find no difficulty in doing so, and desire no law compelling others to rest at the same time. Again, this is a question with which majorities and minorities have nothing to do. The rights of a single individual are just as sacred, and should be just as care-fully guarded as the rights of a multi-tude. The State properly protects from interruption religious meetings upon every day; and it very properly does the same for other meetings. Such laws are right, they apply to all people and to all days, but laws setting apart certain days for religious purposes and stopping on those days all the ordinary avocations of life, are opposed to the spirit of our institu-tions, and to the spirit of true Christianity ; and should be opposed alike by the patriot and by the Christian. This is the principle upon which we stand ; we could not, with our understand-ing of the word of God, do otherwise and maintain our Christian integrity. C. P. B. Is It Personal Rights or Selfishness? THE Young Men's Era, of Chicago, in an article relative to the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday, says :Š Much of the outcry against the enforcement of laws pertaining to Sabbath observance, the Bible 'in the public schools, etc., is based on the claim of in-terference with personal rights and religious con-victions. Is it not about time the rights and relig-ious convictions of the other side shall be taken into consideration ? Shall there not be some asser-tion that the rights of the Christian people in this country, rights and privileges which we have in-herited from our forefathers, and that are vouch-safed to us by the laws of the land, shall be re-spected? This is another instance of the prevailing ignorance of what constitutes personal rights. The idea seems to obtain quite generally that the rights of different peo-ple always clash, and that for one class' of people to have their rights, another class must yield theirs. This is a great mistake. Human rights are equal. If no man grasps more than he has a right to, every man will have all that he has a right to. Take the case of Sunday rest. It is stated that every man has a right to it. That is true, if he wants it; and it is just as true that every man has a right not to rest if he does not want to. The right of choice implies the right of refusal. If a man has not the right to refuse to do a certain thing, then he has no right to choose to do it; it is then no longer a matter of right, but of compulsion, and in that case the rights of some are certain to be trampled upon. Moreover, the right of one man to refuse to do a certain thing does not interfere with the right of another to do it. The 