AMERICAN SENTINEL. 709 requires the Jew, the Seventh-day Baptist, and the Sev-enth-day Adventist to cease their daily avocations on the first day of the week, is certainly a discrimination against religious worship, and is showing a preference to the religious denominations that keep the Sabbath which had its origin in the compromise between Christianity and paganism in the fourth century. Yet, it must be ad-mitted that the sentiment of the people in favor of strin-gent Sunday laws has greatly increased within the last fifty years, and it must be further admitted that within the last twenty-five years courts of last resort have found reasons for sustaining Sunday laws, unknown to earlier decisions; however, the license laws of Colorado are such as to make further discussion of these constitutional provisions unnecessary in this case. The saloon business is a prohibited business, permitted only upon the obtain-ing of a license therefor, granted upon the filing of a bond conditioned for a strict observance of the statutes. "It must be conceded that the state has a right to limit the license which it grants in such cases, and to punish for a violation of the law under which such licensee  is granted. "These objections as well also as the objections to the form of the information are found not well taken, wherefore it is ordered that said motion be and it hereby is overruled. "CHAS. C. HOLBROOK, "Judge." Sunday Anti-Christian. BY C. H. KESLAKE. NOTWITHSTANDING the many attempts to bolster up the Sunday by arguments from Scripture that could be true only when they are advanced in favor of the seventh day, it is a fact that that day is a spurious institution. No stronger argument to prove this is needed than the statement recently made by Rev. Dr. Burrell at the State Convention of Christian Endeavor held in Pater-son, N. J. The "reverend doctor" said, "My right to Sabbath observance depends upon a law for Sabbath observance for all. If others don't keep it, I can't." In making this statement, he was making a plea in behalf of Sunday, looking to a state law enforcing its o bsery a nce. Had Sunday been a day of divine origin, Dr. Burrell would never have been under the necessity of making such a confession. In an article last week, with reference to the seventh day, the writer showed that it is the sign of God's power in creation and redemption, and that in the very nature of things that dayŠthe true SabbathŠis an aid to faith. It points one to the eternal power and divinity of Christ, and he who knows that power can keep the Sabbath. But however closely we may examine Dr. Burrell's statement quoted above, we shall find an utter absence of anything like faith; and for the simple reason that there is nothing in the day to inspire faith. The truth is, not having any strength of its own, it is responsible  for the weakness and spiritual poverty that is so preva-lent in the Christian church of to-day. For centuries it has been, as it were, a cancerous growth, a deadly gangrene, slowly but surely eating its way into the very life of Christendom, until now the church finds itself utterly helpless, and, having no "thus saith the Lord" for its support, turns abjectly to the state for aid. It is a viper that in an evil hour was clasped to the bosom of the church, and there being nour-ished and given warmth, it now darts its poisonous fangs into its benefactor, its virus spreading throughout the body; but instead of throwing the deadly thing oft and fleeing to the Great Physician for healing, she deliriously hugs it more closely to her breast and, through state law, seeks to give it the fullest opportunity to sting her to death. Nor could we expect it to be anything else, when we come to study the origin of Sunday. Its very name indi-cates its originŠthe day of the sun. Of all the religions that have been the rivals of the religion of Jesus Christ, that of sun-worship has been the most widespread and influential. And of all systems of worship that have been debasing and obscene, that have served to stamp out of the human heart all traces of Him who created man, sun worship has been the worst. No one can read the history of sun-worship without a feeling of abhorrence for the vile rites that were prac-ticed in connection with it. One does not always have at his command the vari-ous books that treat on this subject, but he does have the Bible for reference. And any one who will read the 8th chapter of Ezekiel will see how the Lord regards sun-worship. Over and over again the Lord tells Ezekiel to look in a certain direction, and, as he does so, each time the command is, "Turn thee yet again, and thou shalt see greater abominations." The climax of all the abomi-nations referred to in the chapter is reached in the 16th verse: "And he brought me into the inner court of the Lord's house, and, behold, at the door of the temple of the Lord, between the porch and the altar, were about five and twenty men, with their backs toward the temple of the Lord, and their faces toward the east; and they worshiped the sun toward the east." Nor is it in the Scripture alone that God shows his abhorrence of sun-worship. When ancient Israel were encamped in the wilderness, the tabernacle was always pitched with the entrance toward the east, so that the-people would face the west in their worship of God; and thus their backs be turned to the east. This was done with direct reference to sun-worship. He who worshiped the sun must first have turned his back upon God. Sun-worship was the prevailing worship even in the-apostles' days, and the student of the Bible and history will readily see that it was to this evil and its attendant horrors that Paul referred in Eph. 5 :11,12: "And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them. For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in secret." 