THOMAS JEFFERSON. JAMES MADISON.   "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, / JUDGE HIM NOT:Ł FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD."   Vol. 11, No. 7. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 13, 1896. Price, three cents.     American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY.  No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK.  Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - RELIGIOUS LIBERTY IN VIRGINIA. VIRGINIA, a State which has long stood second to none in guaranteeing liberty of con-science, seems about to enact additional Sun- day statutes. The text of the proposed " law " was pub-lished in these colums last week. It is de-signed to affect only railroad and steamship companies, but it violates the principles of the separation of Church and State.; so ably advocated by Thomas Jefferson and James Madison, more than a century ago, just as truly as thoughŁ it proposed to interfere with the individual citizen. Human rights antedate all govern-ments. They existed as soon as man was created, and are entirely independent of civil authority; and it seems strange that the legislators of any American , commonwealth should entertain for a moment the idea that rights are conferred by the State; and yet such is the thought underlying all religious legislation. The Declaration of Independence, writ-ten by Thomas Jefferson, presents the matter in its true light, namely, that men " are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights," and " that to secure these rights gov-ernments are instituted among men." Subsequently to writing the immortal Dec-laration, Mr. Jefferson wrote:Š Our legislators are not sufficiently apprised of the rightful limits of their power; that their true office is to declare and enforce only our natural rights and duties, and to take none of them from, us. No man has a natural right to commit aggression on the equal rights of another; and this is all from which the laws ought to restrain him; every man is under the natural duty of contributing to the necessities of the society;.  and this is all the laws should enforce on him.' And again in the same letter Jefferson says: " When the laws have declared and enforced all this [natural rights and duties], they have Letter to Frances W. Gilmer, " Works of Thomas Jeffers son," Vol. 7. p. 3. fulfilled their functions; and the idea is quite unfounded, that on entering into society we give up any natural right." Mr. Jefferson very pertinently remarks that " the trial of every law by one of these tests would lessen much the labors of our legislators, and lighten equally our municipal codes." Tried by the rule stated by Jefferson, the Sunday bill now before the Virginia legisla-ture will be found to far exceed the rightful limits of legislative power. The late Alexander H. Stevens entertained views similar to those held by Mr. Jefferson. He said :Š In forming single societies or States,, men only enter into a compact with each otherŠa social compactŠeither expressed or implied, as before stated, for their mutual protection in the enjoyment by each of all their natural rights. The chief object of all good govern- ments, therefore, should be the protection of all the natural rights of their constituent members. Upon entering into society for the purpose of having their natural rights secured and protected, or properly redressed, the weak do not give up or surrender any portion of their priceless heritage in any government instituted and organized as it should be. In no other State have such questions been any more thoroughly discussed than in Vir-ginia. " Early in the autumnal session of the legislature of 1785," says Bancroft,' "Patrick Henry proposed a resolution for a legal provi-sion for the teachers of the Christian religion. In the absence of Jefferson, the opponents of the measure were led by Madison, whom Witherspoon' had imbued with theological lore. The assessment bill, he said, exceeds 2  " History of the United States," Vol. VI, pp. 156-158, Rev. John Witherspoon, D. D., LL. D., President of Princeton College, and one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence, the functions of civil authority. The ques-tion has been stated as if it were, Is religion necessary? The true question is, Are estab- lishments necessary for religion? And the answer is, they corrupt religion. The diffi- culty of providing for the support of religion is the result of the war, to be remedied by voluntary association for religious purposes. In the event of a statute for the support of the Christian religion, are the courts of law to decide what is Christianity? and, as a con-sequence, to decide what is orthodoxy and what is heresy? The enforced support of the Christian religion dishonors Christianity. Yet, in spite of all the opposition that could be mustered, leave to bring in the bill was granted by forty-seven votes against thirty-two.4  The bill, when reported, prescribed a general assessment on all taxable property for the support of teachers of the Christian religion. Each person, as he paid his tax, was to say to which society he ded-icated it; in case he refused to do so, his payment was to be applied toward the maintenance of a county school. On the third reading the bill received a check, and was ordered by a small ma-jority to be printed and distributed for the consideration of the people. Thus the people of Virginia had before them for their choice the bill of the revised code for establishing religious freedom, and the plan of desponding churchmen for supporting religion by a general assessment. " All the State, from the sea to the moun-tains and beyond them, was alive with the discussion. Madison, in a remonstrance ad-dressed to the legislature, embodied all that could be said against the compulsory mainte-nance of Christianity and in behalf of relig-ions freedom as a natural right, the glory of Christianity itself, the surest method of sup-porting religion, and the only way to produce moderation and harmony among its several sects. George Mason, who was an enthusiast for entire freedom, asked of Washington his opinion, and received for answer that ' no man's sentiments were more opposed to any kind of restraint upon religious principles.' While he was not among those who were so much alarmed at the thought of making peo-ple of the denominations of Christians pay 4  Madison to Jefferson, 9 January, 1785. Madison, i, 180. ED ITORS ASSISTANT EDITOR. 