770 AMERICAN SENTINEL. of Roman Catholic institutions, notably Catholic Indian schools, and paid out more and more each succeeding year until the yearly appropriation reached nearly a million dollars. 2. That the Protestant bodies, becoming alarmed at the Catholic inroads upon the public treasury, started a movement against it, and succeeded in getting Con-gress to reverse the Government's attitude in this mat-ter, upon the constitutional ground that such appro-priations were contrary to the principles of republican government. 3. That Cardinal Gibbons, not very long since, in behalf of the Catholic Church, asked Congress to recon-sider the whole matter of sectarian appropriations, and has been hoping and working for this result with the forces at his command, ever since. 4. That a little over a year ago it was announced by the Baltimore Daily American that the Administra-tion had decided, as the result of "numerous conferences with Cardinal Gibbons and Archbishop Ireland" on the subject, that money would be advanced by the Govern_ ment for the "temporary" support of Catholic worship in Cuba. 5. That by the acquisition of Porto Rico, the Phil-ippines, and other Catholic lands an enormous field has been opened for a demand for Government funds to sup-port Catholic institutions. And now that the highest court in the nation has decided that such appropriation of public funds by the Government is all right, what is to hinder the appropri-ation of the national fundg in response to any and all other demands for support that may be made by the Catholic Church, both at home and in the "colonies?" If there is no constitutional support for the principle of separation between church and state in this matter, how is that principle to stand? And that it has no constitutional support, is what this decision means. And this being so, it marks another stepŠand an important oneŠadded to those already taken for the formation of a national union of church and state. An English Statesman on Church and State. THE status of the church under an alliance with the state is thus described by Mr. Justin McCarthy, M. P., who is a leading figure in English politics. He speaks of the Established Church of England; but any church that receives and accepts state aid puts herself in a position of obligation and subordination to the state differing only in degree from that to which he refers:Š "The plain fact is that if you have a state church, a church established, privileged, and endowed by the state, all those who make a living and an income out of the church, who enjoy the privileges and aspire to the dignities the state church affords, must obviously be bound to submit to the conditions on which alone a  state church can be maintained. The Established Church in England is the creation of the state. It is, as John Stuart Mill put it, a branch of the civil service. It is maintained by the Crown and by Parliament, and so long as it continues to be a state church it ihust submit to whatever conditions Parliament and the Crown may be pleased to impose. The religion of the state church is decreed and dictated by the Imperial Parliament; that is the long and the short of it. The real authority of the PArliament rests with the majority of the House of Commons. Therefore the religion of the state church is decreed by the majority in the House of Commons. There is no way out of the dilemma. You cannot have a state church and at the same time absolute liberty of religious worship." The National Reform Convention. "We sometimes think the Pilgrim Fathers were too severe in their legislation against immorality. There was a law in the colonial statutes of New England that for a flagrant violation of the Sabbath the offender should be hung. We may say this was wrong; but let me ask, Were they nearer or further from the moral law as interpreted by the Mosaic legislation than we are? Under the Mosaic law a man guilty of idolatry and Sab-bath-breaking was to be executed; and I apprehend that we ought to return to that order of things to-day, and execute the penalty for the viola-tion of moral law. A man who openly and violently blasphemes the name of God has forfeited his right to live under the God whose law he has broken." Thus spoke the Rev. J. M. Foster, a prominent ex-ponent of National Reform principles, at this conven-tion; and the utterance was received without a word or sign of dissent. There was a burst of applause for Mr. Foster's address at its conclusion. We do not, of course, impute this bloodthirsty sen-timent to all advocates of the doctrines of National Reform; yet it expresses only what is contained in the movement for which they stand. It is good National Reform logic. For if the nation is a moral being, bound by the law of God, as they assert, it must keep that law; and as a government gives expression to its will only through its laws, it follows plainly enough that if its will is to obey the law of God, it must enforce that law by legislation, and execute the penalty for its violation; which penalty as fixed by God himself, is death. Just here is the great mistake of the National Reform theory. The nation is not a moral being; the civilgovernment is not bound to legislate in the domain of morality. It is bound not to legislate in that do-main. For when it enters the moral domain, and takes cognizance of man's duty to God, it begins to deal with sin; but God himself has restricted the civil government to the domain of crime. The civil government exists to seize and punish the offender at once, and without mercy. Therefore if it is 