THE SENTINEL" OF LIBERTY. 515 4( CHRISTIANITY AND GOVERNMENT." ON a recent Sunday the Chicago American had an article under the above heading from the pen of Col. W. J. Bryan, Democratic candidate for the Presidency. The possibilities of the future make Colonel Bryan's opinions on any subject of more than ordinary interest. In the outset of his article Colonel Bryan says: " Standard oil and the water of life will not mix. " If a man say, I love God and hateth his brother, he is a liar: for he that loveth not his brother, whom he hath seen— how can he, love God whom he hath not seen?' "Thus does John in his first epistle denounce those who pretend. to love the Heavenly Father while they hate the earthly brother. " Christ condensed the Ten Commandments into two when he said, ' Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all they mind. This is the first and great com-mandment. And the second is like unto it, Thou shal love thy neighbor as thyself.' " The first defines man's duty toward the Al-mighty, the second his duty toward his fellowmen. The fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man are parts of the same gospel and can not be sepa-rated. We have no way of measuring man's love toward the Creator except by the good will which he manifests toward his fellow-creatures. " There is a wide zone between the affirmative benevolence which religion commands and the recti-tude which government compels. The Christian can not content himself with a life of negative harm-lessness; the fruits of the spirit must manifest them-selves in positive helpfulness." Might Well Have Laid Down His Pen. And here Colonel Bryan might well have laid down his pen, for when he wrote the next ,to the last sentence he said more that is really to the point than in all the rest of the article. It is exactly because of this "wide zone between the affirmative benevolence which religion com-mand, and the rectitude which government compels" that there can be no such thing as Christian civil government. The one is natural or earthly, the other is spiritual or heavenly. The one is civil gov-ernment by fallen men, the other is moral govern-ment by Him who is perfect in all his ways and righteous in all his thoughts. Civil government can not -command anything simply because it is right. Civil government can require only justice, "an eye for an eye and a tooth  for a tooth." Christianity goes far beyond this and says: "Sell that ye have and give alms." Civil government has no right to take something for nothing. Just government gives to the people protection, public improvements, etc., for every penny that it takes from them by taxation. Not to do this is to practice robbery under color of law. It is for this reason that government has no right to command any man to be generous. It can re-turn him no equivalent. When the gospel enjoins benevolence it promises future reward.-  "Sell that ye have and give alms; provide yourselves bags which wax not old, a treasure in the heavens that faileth not." Luke 12: 33. Civil Government Must Be just. Civil government can be and ought to be just, but it_can not be Christian because of the "`wide zone between the affirmative benevolence which religion com-mands and, the rectitude which government compels." Of his purpose in writing, Colonel Bryan says: " The object of this article' is not ,to point out ways in which the Christian may aid his brother, but rather to indicate a few of the ways in which he may be doing injustice to him." But the title of the article is " Christianity and Government." If the object of the writer was simply to appeal to the moral sense of the individual the article should have been given a different head-ing. Possibly this was the editor's mistake. Again, if the object of the writer was to define the duty of civil government, still the article should have been given a different heading, for, as we have shown, government can not be Christian, for it can at best be only just, and " there is a wide zone be-tween the affirmative benevolence which religion commands and the rectitude which government compels." Moral Responsibility. Not the least evil of treating civil government as a moral person, is that it transfers moral responsi-bility from the morally responsible individual to a moral nonentity, to which of course no moral re-sponsibility can possibly attach. It is true, as Colonel Bryan says, that " the per-son who robs by force or by fraud is no more guilty, from a moral standpoint, than the man who pur-posely secures legislation which transfers to the shoulders of others the public burden which he him-self ought to bear." 