786 AMERICAN SENTINEL. that however wrong and ungodly may be the thing which they attempt to do, the means by which they propose to accomplish it is strictly legal. Amendment of the Constitution is a perfectly legal thing. The Constitution itself makes provision for its own amendment. Of the legality of such a procedure, therefore, there can never be any question. The Consti-tution is the voice and will of the people. Whatever the will of the people may be which they choose thus to ex-press, whether civically it be good or bad, conservative or ruinous, yet legally it is strictly valid. Now no worse thing could possibly be done by amend-ment to theConstitution than to establish "the Christian religion." No more ruinous step could be taken through amendment to the Constitution than this proposed rec-ognition of God and establishment of religion. Yet if such thing were done by amendment to the Constitution it would be perfectly legal, and nothing could properly be said against it on that score. So likewise these people who want a religious despotism established in this na-tion; so long as they hold to amendment of the Constitu-tion as the means of accomplishing it, it must be said that legally their course is beyond question. But when this is said, every concession, every allow-ance, has been made that can possibly be made in any way whatever in reference to that thing. The thing itself is evil and only evil, and that continually and continu-ally increasing. So far also the methods of endeavoring to accomplish this thing, even legally, have been dishon-est, hypocritical, and fraudulent. Therefore it is a thing sincerely to be wished that with the accession of this new element of Endeavor, square and honest methods may characterize their attempts to accomplish a purpose which, though legal in form, is evil in itself and ruinous to the nation. While the worst thing that could possibly be done by amendment to the Constitution, is the establishment of religion; still a worse thing than that is the establish-ment of religion without an amendment to the Constitu-tion. To do it by amendment to the Constitution would be legal, though exceedingly bad. To do it without an amendment would add to its inherent badness the further elements of illegality and usurpation. Yet this latter thing has been diligently striven for by the predecessors of the Christian Endeavorers; and has actually been accomplished by the government, in principle and in fact. It is a curious thing, too, that the predecessors of the Christian Endeavorers in this matter actually endeavored to accomplish their purpose by both these methods at once. They tried to get passed a resolution to amend the Constitution so as to legalize legislation and govern-mental action on questions of religion; while at the same time by threats of political perdition backed by fraudu-lent petitions they were doing their utmost to force leg-islation and governmental action on questions of reli-gion. The curious feature in all this lies not in the fact, nor in the methods employed,Šall that seems natural  enough to these folks,Šbut in that they should be so blincl as not to be able to see that what they were doing was-self-contradictory. Their call for a religious amendment to the Constitu-tion was, and is in itself a positive argument that with-out it any governmental recognition of religion would be unconstitutional, and therefore illegal and voidŠa usur-pation. Yet in the face of this positive argument of their own devising, they did their utmost to get the govern-ment to commit this very usurpation; applauded every item of such usurpation when it was committed; and even while applauding it, openly declared it unconstitu-tional. No greater effort to undermine constitutional govern-ment has ever been made in the United States than has, thus been made by the people who have urged upon Con-gress and the government the enactment of Sunday laws. and other acts of a religious character, without an amend-ment to the Constitution. And now that the Christian End•avorers have taken the lead in this campaign and are calling for a constitu-tional amendment establishing religion, it is but proper to call their attention to the crooked and self-stultifying course o those who have led in this thing before, and ask that they shall not disgrace themselves by following the same course. To ask for an establishment of religion in the United States by the strictly legal course of an amendment to the Constitution is enough disgrace for any body. We really desire that the Christian Endeavorers may spare themselves the greater disgrace of demanding the gov-ernmental recognition of religion without such an amend- ment. A. T. J. The Sunday Saloon. BY WM. C. GAGE. THE opponents of Sunday laws are often classed with the friends of the saloon. A plausible excuse for this un-fairness is found in the declaration that the abolition of Sundays laws would necessarily pave the way for the wide open Sunday saloon. While this is measurably true, it would inevitably have one good result. The iniquity of the liquor traffic could no longer be disguised under the flimsy veil of an outward respect for Sunday. The criminality of saloon-keeping lies not in the day when the traffic is carried on, but in the traffic itself; and the sooner the public conscience is educated on that point, the better it will be for the welfare of the people. The absurdity of the legislation which is supposed to "regulate" the liquor traffic, is seen in the fact that it throws around it the sanction of the law six days in the week, and makes it a crime on the other day. While the closing of the saloon on the day when its patrons are more than usually idle may have some advantages, they are more than offset by the fact that it is a compromise 