Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, APRIL 10, 1889. NUMBER 12. `112e An2eFical2 Seiztlirl. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS: J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNsWORTII, DAN T. JONES THE following words of Dr. T. L. Cuyler ex-press the position of the AMERICAN SENTINEL precisely:Š " With the Woman's Temperance Union I am in the warmest sympathy, and constantly de-lightful co-operation. Nowhere are they more cordially welcomed than in my church. But I firmly believe that their true province is in earnest, effective Christian -labor, and the less they have to do with partisan politics, the better." THE beauties of an established religion are illustrated in the following clipping from the New York Independent of January 31, 1889:-- "A catechism prepared by the Rev. P. A. Gace, Anglican vicar of Great Barling, England, and widely circulated, contains the following :-- " In what light ought we to consider dissenters? ŠAs heretics. " Is their worship a laudable service ?ŠNo ; their worship is idolatrous. "`Is dissent a great sin ?ŠYes; it is in direct opposition to our duty to God. "'Why have not dissenters been excommuni-cated 1)ŠBecause the law of the land does not allow the wholesome law of the church to be acted on. "`Is it wicked to enter a meeting-house PŠMost assuredly.'" el Ł THE Christian Cynosure, after noting the fact that President Harrison has laid down a strict rule that there shall be no work at the White House on Sunday, and that he has secured a sit-ting in each of the three Presbyterian churches of Washington, says: "All this gives us hope that the present administration will not only contra-dict the bad auspices attending the inauguration, but give substantial aid to the effort now being made to restore the Sabbath-day to its place among the people." It is also pleased to note that nearly all the members of the Cabinet are Presbyterians. Now no one can question the right of President Harrison to abstain from labor on Sunday, and to say that no work shall be done at the White House on that day. Neither has anybody a right to find fault with Mr. Wana-maker for going to Philadelphia every week to take charge of his Sunday-school class. He has as much right to do that as another man has to go fishing on Sunday. But neither the one nor the other has any right to .say how the people at  large shall observe the day. They have no power to say that the people of the United States shall conform to their private habits ; and for the Cynosure to expect anything of the kind shows that the mania for the enforcement of Sunday ob-servance tends to drive all-idea of justice out of one's mind. Sunday observance and Sunday legislation originated under a despotism, and they cannot be so far disassociated from their origin as to make them compatible with a republican fbrin of Government. THE Virginia correspondent of the St. Louis Christian Advocate, in his letter to that paper of March 13, deplores the disregard of Sunday by the Post-office Department, and says : " State laws requiring cessation from ordinary labor on the Sabbath are supposed to have-no application to persons engaged in handling or transporting mail. Uncle Sam, or the Postmaster-General, seems to be the Lord of the Sabbath for America." Well, why shouldn't he be? Who should be the lord of "the American Sabbath," except those at the head of the Government? They want "Uncle Sam" to make laws for Sunday observance, and so he must be its lord. And when professed Christians depend upon the Government, whether of this or any other country, to enforce religious practices, they thereby acknowledge that those re-ligious customs have no higher authority than the civil power, and that the god they worship is a god of their own making. THE Union Signal of February 28 says that " on February 12 the Kansas State Senate passed, by a vote of 26 to 9, a bill to lower the age of protection to girls from 18 to 12 years." What reason any man could ever offer in sup-port of any such a bill as that we cannot im-agine, unless it be his own wish to have it so. Arid when such a bill as that can be passed by the Kansas Legislature it is high time that the people of Kansas were taking some steps for the protection of their daughters from the members of their Senate. The Signal says that the presi-dent of the State W. C. T. U. has sent out a plea to all her Unions to immediately forward a pro-test to the House of Representatives to prevent its passage there. In view of the vote in the Senate on the bill, this action to defeat its pas-sage in the House is probably necessary; but when such action as that is necessary to protect the girls of Kansas from attacks by the Legis-lature of that State, what can the State be coin-ing to? Kansas has justly prided herself upon her prohibition record. Is it possible that she is going' to allow herself to be so shamefully dis-graced before the eyes of all civilized people? It is impossible for us fitly to express our abhor-rence of this act of the Kansas Senate. Language is impotent in the presence of such infamy. The Enforcement of Idleness. IN the New York Independent of January 31, Dr. John Hall publishes an article on " The Bad Elements in New York Life." Among the first of these he names "idlers and adventurers of the city." He says:Š " They come from all parts of this continent and various portions of Europe and crowd into the city. . . . As Satan -proverbially finds mischief for idle hands, the mischief these idlers do implies companions." We have no complaint to find with Dr. Hall's article in itself. But New York is not alone in this; it is only one amongst the great cities of the land upon this question. But there is another question that hangs upon this. It is true that the chiefest of all the bad elements in our large cities are the idlers and adventurers; and idle-ness is the root of it all. But we well know that Dr. John Hall is enlisted in a national movement to enforce more idleness. What we mean is that Dr. John Hall is one of the men who are work-ing for a National Sunday law to compel men to be idle the whole of Sunday ,every week in the yeat. This can end only in multiplying the evil of the bad elements of the large cities. Springing from idleness now, which is entirely voluntary idleness, and being as bad as it is, what will it not be when the Nation shall be brought to the support of it by compelling everybody to be idle one-seventh of the time? It is well known that the evil of the great cities is the basis of much of the argument in behalf of Sunday laws. But as this evil of the cities springs chiefly from idleness, how can the evil be anything else than vastly increased by enforced idleness, to whatever extent it may be ? How can the evils of idleness be cured by the enforcement of more idleness? In replying, about a year ago, to the demand of some of the Sunday-law preachers for more strin-gent Sunday laws to check the tide of Sunday evil, the Cincinnati Commercial Gazette said :Š "They declare Sunday the moral ruin of the peo-ple. They prove it by alleged statistics of crim-inal prosecutions to show that more crimes of vio-lence are committed on Sunday than on all other days of the week. Why is this? Because the sa-loons are open? They are open on other days. This reduces them to the sole reason that it is be-cause it is a day of idleness. " Their argument is absolutely destructive to the beneficence of the custom of a rest-day. They con-tinually affirm that a Sabbath-day is the very foun-dation of religion, morals, and society, and they as incessantly de lare that the custom of Sunday ces-sation from work in the cities has made it a day of moral ruin. What is their recourse from the de-struction which they charge upon the day of idle-ness?Š To+rm,ake statutes more strin,gentifo enforce idleness. Arguing that idleness on that day leads mankind to moral ruin, they call for a more rigid enforcement of idleness, to lead mankind to the ways of salvation. EDITORS. 