714 THE SENTINEL, OF LIBERTY. Triumphs of Grace. All mission lands have furnished such illustra-tions of the triumphs of grace. 'Chinese Christians are eminent in these ranks. The case of Ling Ching Ting is well known. Persecuted, falsely accused, and sentenced to two thousand bamboo stripes, which left him almost lifeless and his back a jelly, his first words on being able to speak were, " Teacher, this poor body is in great pain just now. * * * Jesus is with me. I think perhaps he is going to take me to heaven, and I will be glad to go. But if I get up from this you will let me go-back to Hok-chiang, won't you?" Back -to the men who had falsely in-criminated him and beaten him almost to death, without any civil protection or other assurance of his safety, his Christian zeal carried him, and he won these enemies to Christ. No; Lord Salisbury needed not to go back so far to point the moral of the triumph of the principles of Christianity without government patronage. Nor will he be likely to have to wait king for similar illustrations. The most perplexing problem likely to confront missionary boards in China is not how to procure indemnity, nor how to secure civil and political guardianship for missionaries, but how to deter missionaries from re-entering- fields where the danger is most imminent. If the missionary societies were to make the call for volunteers to enter the most perilous place in China a score of men and women would proffer their services to one that they could send, men who would spurn the sugges-tion that they must have government guaranty for their safety. Lone missionary women have not been regardful of the restrictions of consuls from re-en-tering isolated stations near the locality of the mas-sacres of the Foochow provinces. Missionaries in Uganda have not asked the powers to avenge their personal injury, and elsewhere they have braved the dangers which the governments have superadded to those of the heathen conditions. The missionaries were not responsible for the Indian mutiny. It was the "hut tax " innovation in Sierra Leone that re-sulted ,in the massacre of missionaries. It is the abominations of the " concessions " that create peril for missionaris in other African colonies. The South African war is, not a " missionary" war. Mission-aries did not suggest " treaties " with North Ameri-can Indians nor with Chinese. Hon. William B. Reed, as minister plenipotentiary, put the mission-ary clause into the treaties with China. Missionaries  did not solicit it. Even French Roman Catholic missionaries did not take the initiative in this- com-pact. They come under ":the most favored nation" clause. It was not missionaries, but United States Pleni-potentiary Hon. Anson Burlingame, who put into a treaty with China the axiom that one of the funda-mental rights of mankind was the privilege to change one's residence. If that was a fallacy the United States was the first to override it by Con-gressional act; the Chinese government did not dis-pute the proposition then, nor has it since done so. It is not missionaries, but John Barrett, ex-minister of our Government to Siam, and who, it is rumored, is a possible successor to Mr. Conger, who says: " We can not recall our missionaries unless we are ready to recall our merchants." Indemnities for Missionaries. Of what use has the treaty with Turkey been to restore values destroyed in the Armenian massacres? Has the American Board ceased its operations while waiting for a paltry hundred thousand dollars, for the collection of which a " naval demonstration," costing far more than that sum, is reported as im-minent? Missionary indemnity for damage done Ameri-can missions in this present uprising in China would not figure at all, except in name or principleŠit would scarcely, at the utmost, reach one three-hun-dredth part of the money indemnity which has been mentioned as a probable sum to be requisitioned by the United States from China. If money indemnity is to be demanded from China it must be too long a-coming to be of avail for missionary rehabilitation. China cares nothing for demand of blood; life is too cheap. Somebody dies when this is insisted on, but generally not the person who committed the crime. The punishment of officials by degrading them is a temporary farce; the deposed officers being reappointed to some other office, and pres-ently advanced higher than ever. Chinese are amenable to but two kinds of punishmentŠloss of territory and cash indemnity. But any considerable cash indemnity, such as the two hundred million dollars fo Japan in the late war, means outrages of " squeeezing," and corruption, and oppression, against which, when pressed too far, the ordinary Chinese rebels, and the native Christian seeks pro-tection of the missionary patronage. 