AMERICAN SENTINEL. 171 denounce his infernal traffic. If the saloon-  keeper is taxed to support my church, in all fairness he ought to have something to say in its management. "No taxa-tion without representation." Churches are undoubtedly a public benefit, but if the doctrine of benefits be furnished as a reason for exemp-tion on behalf of religious corporations, it refutes itself by proving more than the State can admit without bankrupting itself, for there are other institutions which are public benefits. It costs the community something to enjoy property, and if, the Church paid taxes, it would pay only its honest share to secure its enjoyment of the use of property. Taxation of church property is to the interest of American principles, and in harmony with the experience of nations. Taxing one man for the propagation of another man's religion is admittedly unjust, and, moreover, it is a relic of the principle of Church and State alliance inherited from the Old World, and not yet elim-inated from our politiCal system. Sunday Laws and " Works of Charity." By James T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore Bar. To prohibit every kind or phase of activity, even of the body, upon the first day of the week, would evidently involve the keeping of the entire population in a condi-tion of dreamless sleep during the "sacred hours." For, if allowed to dream, some of them wouldinevitably toss about. And it is in vain to hope that the mass of the American people will ever be induced by the most strin-gent Sunday law to adopt for fifty-two days in the year the peculiar form of religious devotion attributed to certain Oriental "fakirs," which consists in assuming an uncomfortable position, and maintaining it indefinitely, awake, yet entirely oblivious to external things, and mo-tionless in every muscle. In order to save themselves, then, from the obligation of including the administration of narcotics to the entire population every Saturday night among the "police powers" of the State, the enact-ors of Sunday laws are forced to put a "saving clause" into these statutes. This saving clause not only fatally betrays the true characterŁ and purpose of all Sunday laws, but introduces into them an element of uncertainty, which it is safe to say would cause them to be nullified by the courts if they were anything else but Sunday laws. The standard saving clause of Sunday laws is "works of necessity and charity excepted." Such works as these, then, are allowed on Sunday when other works are not. Why? If Sunday laws are designed to prevent interference with the civil rights of some persons by others, how come either of the exceptions to be made? It is evident that a work might be charitable in the strictest sense of the word so far as A is concerned, and necessary, from his standpoint, to be done for him by B, and yet infringe  some civil right of C's. In such a case, where anything but a Sunday law is concerned, the law rightly and con-sistently declines to admit the charity of B or the neces-sity of A as any excuse for the violation of C's legal rights. Though I find a tramp starving, I may not rob a store to feed him. On the other hand, if Sunday laws have a civil purpose respecting the individual, and are designed to prevent his exhausting himself by continuous labor, why should he be permitted to do works of charity any more than any other work on Sunday? Is it not obvious that he may be quite as readily exhausted by such works as by work of any other kind? As a matter of fact, all persons who engage in what are called chari-table works testify to their exhausting effects upon the physical strength, whatever spiritual benefit they may involve. These savings, then, of the Sunday laws, thus considered, sufficiently refute the suggestion that any civil right is intended to be or is in fact protected by them. But the saving of works of charity does more than this. It betrays frankly the true nature and purpose of all Sunday legislation. The question of charity is a ques-tion of religion altogether. The civil law has and can have no concern with the matter. The civil law says, " You shall not stretch out your hand to smite your brother ;" religion says, "You must stretch out your hand to help your brother." The civil law has no means of determining what is or is not charity, or of enforcing any obligations thereof. It cannot possibly discriminate between works of charity and works of any other sort. In forcing this discrimination upon the courts, by means of the saving of works of charity from the penalties of the Sunday law, the American legislatures have simply forced the courts to deal with a question of religious faith and dogma. Hence it is said : " The means which long-established and common usage of religious congregations show to be reasonably necessary to advance the cause o religion may be deemed works of charity."ŠDale vs. Knapp, 98 Pa., 389. But not only are the courts thus forced to examine into a question of religion pure and simpleŠthey are launched on a shoreless sea of uncertainty without com-pass or rudder by this saving of works of charity. They are no more competent to deal with the religious ques-tion of what is or is not a work of charity than with any other point of religious doctrine. The uncertainty thus injected into the law is well illustrated by the pre-ceding case. This held that a contract of subscription towards the erection of a church was valid as an act of charity. If so, on what ground is the actual building of the church on Sunday unlawful? Or the quarrying of the stone for its walls, or the dressing of timber for its interior? In a word, where are we to stop in the degree of closeness of connection between the act in question and "the advancement of the Cause of religion ? " It does not seem possible that the subtlest judicial ingenuity will succeed any better in the future than it has in 