ERICAN,' ENTIN 'iki PI I I 61-.F ANY MAN BEAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE RIM NOT."--Jesus Christ. VoL. 12, No. 47. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 2, 1897. Single copy 3 cents. The Amerian Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. SW' Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay dor it. ( Entered at the New York Post-office.(  THE seat of conscience is the heart of the individual; and it has no other. 1*-Ł-44 THE heart that is truly given to God, is given to the best service of home and country. THE sacredness of a right does not depend in any de-gree upon the number of people who possess it. THE Sabbath is the Lord's day, but this does not mean that the day should be monopolized by the church. -ŁŁ11.- Ł IT is is easy enough to do right when you are allied with God, whether there is any law of the state backing you up or not. EVERY step in the direction of forcing people to keep the Sabbath proclaims to the world that the gospel of God is a failure. WHAT 1 ask of you, and you ask of me, is hot that you shall decide for me in matters of conscience, but that you shall respect my rights. THERE is not a Sunday law upon the statute books of any State in the Union which is strong enough to meet the wishes of the people who want the State to be reli-gious. A UNION of religion with the state means a religious state; and a religious state means a state religion. And where was there ever a state religion without a union of church and state? "GET a Sunday law enacted, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and ye shall find the needed rest." Is this the language of the divine Counselor ?ŠNo; but "Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." Is the Saviour right in this statement? Try it and see. IF the Lord had not wished Peter to forgive his tres-passing brother seventy times seven times, he would not have labored to convert him to the true religion. In other words, the true religion is only for those who can forgive trespasses against them seventy times seven times. Can the state do this? and if not, can it profess the true religion? No Reform Possible by Law. THERE can,  be no such thing as reform by civil law. This is a.fact, that should be evident to every Chris, tian, and to every thoughtful student of history. There never was any such thing as reform by civil law since human history began. There never was a law enacted by any power what-ever that coUld'make a good man out of a bad man, or bring a good life out of an evil heart. Even the law of God is powerless to produce good in the life of an individual fallen, as all upon earth are, under the power of sin. This is a fact ptainly set forth in the scriptures of truth. Yet the law of God is a perfect law; every other law that was ever passed, or that ever can be, is inferior to' it. How, then, can it be expected that a law of man can produce results which are beyond the power, of that law? Yet reforms are necessary. Without them the world Ł Ł111.- Ł -44,- 