THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 725 States] from assuming any authority °V& religious exercises. "But," said Mr. Jefferson, " it is only proposed that I, should recommend, not prescribe, a day of fast-ing and prayerŠthat- is, that I should indirectly as-sume to the United States an authority over relig-ious exercises which the Constitution has directly precluded them from. It must mean, too, that this recommendation is to carry some authority, and to be sanctioned by some penalty on those who dis-regard it, not, indeed, of fine and imprisonment, but of some degree of proscription, perhaps, in public opinion. And does the'change in the nature of the penalty make the recommendation less a law of con-duct for those to whom it is directed? " Mr.jefferson's reasoning is sound. It is mani-festly improper fot,  a civil ruler to issue religious proclamations.. His recommendations must of neces-sity have somthing of the force of law, however much he may seek to make it appear otherwise, and, in the very nature of the case, they come in time to be clothed in more imperative language. It, is interesting to contrast the language of President McKinley's recent Thanksgiving proda-mation with the idea of simply recommending such observance, which seems to have prevailed among all classes of citizens a century ago. Mr. McKinley designates Thursday, November 29, " to be observed by all the people of the United States, at home and -abroad, as a day of thanksgiving and praise to Him who holds the nations in the hollow of his hand." Observe that the day is appointed and "set apart" "to be 'observed," not that it may be observed. The language is not permissive, but mandatory;-and for this, not WillianiMcKinley, but custom is to blame. ,The recommendation" of to-day becomes the corn-rnand of to-morrow. A century ago the President was asked merely to recommend a day of religious observance; to-day he appoints and sets apart such a day " to be observed by all the people of the United States at home and abroad." Nor did Mr. Jefferson object to religious procla-mations solely from the standpoint of the Constitu- tion: Heq-naintained not only that such proclama-tions -Were inimical to religious liberty, but that they were also injurious to the best interests of 'religion. He Said: "I do not believe it is for the best interests of religion to invite the civil magistrate to direct, its exercises, its discipline, or its 'doctrines, nor -of the  religious, societies that the general. Government should be invested with the power of effecting any uniformity of time or matter among them; Fasting and prayer are religious exercises; the enjoining of them an act of discipline. Every religious society has a right to determine for itself the times for these exercises, and the objects proper for them, accord-ing to their own particular tenets; and this righttan never be safer than in their own hands where the Constitution has deposited it." B. A, TALE OF TWO NATIONS. The Bible and the Nations. FIVE times in two short chapters in the book, of Daniel it is written: "The Most High ruleth in the kingdOm of men." No other statement of fact in the Bible is repeated so explicitly and so often in such a brief space. The, fact that this truth is so often and so plainly stated ought to make it abun-dantly clear to thinking people thaeGod wishes to impress mankind, and especially the :rulers of the earth, with the idea of his kingship over all. The very words were spoken to two of the kings of Babylon, Nebuchadnezzar and Belshazzar, and their empire was the most brilliant of the old time monarchies. Moreover the same inspired record states that this truth is recorded "to the intent that the living may know that the Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men." In this elder hour of time the governmental affairs of earth we 'see only the strife of nation with nation and party with party. We see two powerful political factors struggling for the supremacy. We discuss their platforms and their principles. We praise, criticize, or condemn according to the prompt-ings of judgment, habit, or taste. But how seldom do we stop and consider that God is behind it all, ruling and overruling in it all. " God ruleth in the kingdom-  of men." .Forever let these words sink into‚the ears of citizen and sub-ject. They are worthy of an hour's, thought. Our better natures owe them this. But the bad king comes to the throne just the same as the good. A wicked magistrate takes the reins of civil rule. Nevertheless God's word stand- eth fast forever. "The Most High ruleth.in the king-ddm of men' and giveth it to whomsoever he will, and-  setteth up over it the basest of men." Yes,. God may set up the: basest of men over a nation, to pun- 