252 A.TVILIENJELICA,N SIENTTNTIF__A VoL. 11, No. 32. for the salvation of the country that we want him there even more than we want him in our churches or our devotions! It may be that "our politics" are not what they should be, but we know of no authorita-tive information that God purposes to save this country through politics. That there is a want of what is Godly in politics, is evi-dent enough. But that is not a sufficient reason for inviting the Deity to come into them. s. Ł-1 INCREASING THE DISCORD. As was to be expected, the practical appli-cation in American affairs of the principle of " religion in politics," by the plunging of the clergy into the vortex of the political issues now before the country, has resulted in a de-cided straining of the relations existing be- tween the various bodies which profess to compose the body of Christ. In another column reference is made to the language of the Rev. Dr. MacArthur, of New York City, on a recent occasion, when he de-nounced from the pulpit those persons whose politics are represented by the Democratic national " platform" adopted at the late Chicago convention. Possibly it did not occur to him at the time that his anathemas might light on the heads of others of like calling with himself; but it appears that they did, and that to no slight extent. The evidence is furnished by a letter from a Baptist clergy-man in Utah, addressed to Dr. MacArthur through the Newt York Journal. The Baptist clergyman does not relish being stigmatized as an anarchist and traitor, or the application of such epithets to many others of his own vocation who share his political views. He writes:Š Are you aware that at least two-thirds of the Western and Southern ministry of your own denomination will indorse by their votes that platform? In attaching to them motives that are the essence of dishonor and dishonesty, are you giving a proper answer to that divine interrogation, " Who art thou that judgest another man's servant ?" " The writer goes on," says the Journal, " to suggest how such vituperation of the West and South only irritates and provokes fierce resentment." Continuing, the Journal adds:Š Another clergyman in Brooklyn writes: "On the silver question, can a man not think, speak, and act, at least conscientiously, in opposition to Dr. MacArthur's private views without being an anarchist and a traitor, as he very strongly implies ?" More moderate in tone, but similar in na-ture to Mr. MacArthur's language, is the fol-lowing from the well-known clergyman, Rev. Theo. L. Cuyler, published in the Independent of July 30, in reply to some statements made by another religious journal:Š This "watchman on the walls of Zion" actually de-fends a political policy which would rob every minis-ter in his church of a part of his salary, rob every servant girl of a part of her hard earnings in the sav-ings bank, and rob every soldier of a part of his pen-sion. If this editor should say to me, " My conscience approves this policy," then I should reply, " In the name of common honesty, what business have you got to have such a conscience ?" We had supposed that there was division and discord enough in " the church," broken up as it is into almost countless denomina-tions and factions, without bringing in also the controversies-  which belong to politics. But it is evident that the question of church unity is of secondary importance compared with the question of suprgmacy. When the arena of politics offers a favorable place for fighting the latter question out, the former is  quickly forgotten. It was always so. The question of supremacy was the cause of all the division and trouble at the first, and it is the one great obstacle now to that unity among the Christian bodies which is so much sought. So now we have before us the spectacle of one clergyman denouncing other clergymen as anarchists and traitors, and another one discounting the honesty of his fellow-clergy-man's conscience, etc. Verily, it is an edify-ing spectacle which constitutes the first fruits of " religion in politics." And this is but the beginning. What we shall see and hear be-fore the campaign is through no one can say, but certainly the discord in Christendom bids fair to be vastly increased. Is this what the Christian people of America want ? s. SUBTLE WORKING MRHUCING OF SATAN THROUGH WORLDLY AGENCIES. ' BY MRS. E. G. WHITE. WHEN Jesus was on earth, Satan led the people to reject the Son of God, and to choose Barabbas,who in character represented Satan, the god of this world. The Lord Jesus Christ came to dispute the usurpation of Satan in the kingdoms of the world. The conflict is not yet ended; and as we draw near the close of time, the battle waxes more intense. As the second appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ draws near, satanic agencies are moved from beneath. Satan will not only appear as a hu-man being, but he will personate Jesus Christ; and the world who have rejected the truth will receive him as the Lord of lords and King of kings. He will exercise his power, and work upon, the human imagination. He will corrupt both the minds and the bodies of men, and will work through the children of disobedience, fascinating and charming, as does a serpent. What a spectacle will the world be for heav-enly intelligences! What a spectacle for God, the Creator of the world, to behold! The form Satan assumed in Eden when leading our first parents to transgress, was of a character to bewilder and confuse the mind. He will work in as subtle a manner as we near the end of earth's history. All his deceiving power will be brought to bear upon human subjects, to complete the work of deluding the human family. So deceptive will be his working, that men will do as they did in the days of Christ; and when'asked, Whom shall I release unto you, Christ or Barabbas ? the almost universal cry will be, Barabbas, Barab-bas! And when the question is asked, "What will ye then that I shall do unto him whom. ye  call the king of the Jews ?" the cry again will be, "Crucify him I " Christ will be rep-resented in the person of those who accept the truth, and who identify their interest with that of their Lord. The world will be enraged at them in the same way that they were enraged at Christ, and the disciples of Christ will know that they are to be treated no better than was their Lord. But Christ will surely identify his interest with that of those who accept him as their personal Sav-ior. Every insult, every reproach, every false accusation made against them by those wno have turned their ears away from the truth and are turned unto fables, will be charged upon the guilty ones as done to Christ in the person of his saints. Those who love and keep the command-ments of God are most obnoxious to the syn-agogue of Satan, and the powers of evil will manifest their hatred toward them to the fullest extent possible. John foresaw the  coict between the remnant church and the power of evil, and said, " The dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ." The forces of darkness will unite with human agents who have given themselves into the control of Satan, and the same scenes that were ex-hibited at the trial, rejection, and crucifixion of Christ will be revived. Through yielding to satanic influences, men will be transformed into fiends; and those who were created in the image, of God, who were formed to honor and glorify their Creator, will become the habitation of dragons, and Satan will see in an apostate race his masterpiece of evil,Šmen who reflect his own image. The agencies of Satan are having their last chance to develop before the world, before angels and men, the true principles of their attributes. The people of God are now to stand as representatives of the attributes of the Father and the Son. " Watch therefore; for ye know not what hour your Lord' doth come. But know this, that if the goodman of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would not have suffered his house to be broken up. Therefore be ye also ready; for in such an hour as ye think not the Son of man cometh." THE POLITICAL VS. THE MORAL SITUATION. Is the political situation in this country worse than the moral situation? One would think so, from what is heard,  in many of ,the pulpits at the present time. What other con-clusion can be drawn when clergymen choose political instead of moral themes for their Sunday discourses? The Rev. Dr. MacArthur, foi example, pastor of Calvary Baptist Church, New York City, gave a discourse Sunday evening, August 2, in which he dealt with a certain political party very much as the ordinary preacher might be expected to deal with sin and Satan. The following extracts from a press report will serve to show the nature of the discourse:Š "Is there danger of anarchy in this country? I am no mere alarmist. I am too much concerned for this nation's honor, and for that reason I shall rebuke the anarchistic spirit wherever I find it. It is easily found. It is to be found in the platform adopted at Chicago. Says that platform: `We denounce the arbitrary interference of the Federal authorities in local affairs, and we object to government by injunc-tions.' There was a man near here who objected to injunctions. He is in Sing Sing now. To understand these declarations of the platform let us go back a little further in the history of Chicago," and here Dr. MacArthur referred to the Haymarket murders by anarchists and to the pardoning of the imprisoned anarchists by Governor Altgeld. "In the light of these facts, again read the Chicago platform. . . . Is it not anarchistic in its spirit? And its framers are the people who want to rule us! By the grace of God and the votes of the people no sympathizer with anarchy will ever sit in the presi-dential chair of the American Republic! "Are we to revive the Jacobins and Robespierre' Is the Supreme Court to be menaced? Are financial ob-ligations to be repudiated? What could be said of me, twenty six years a pastor in this city, an adopted American citizen sworn to protect the American flag, if I failed to do my part in fighting for the country's honor? Where would be my manliness? What is re-ligion worth if it does not help the government to pay its debts and give the people honest money? Some people say all this doesn't concern the pulpit. I think there ought to be more religion in politics, and I will do my part to bring more religion into politics between now and election day. ' "Is this Republic to go down into destruction at the hands of anarchists? They have been sowing danger-ous seed, but they must not be allowed to reap the harvest. No monarchy will have a hand to strike so quickly at violation of law as will this free Republic. 