THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 331 impossible; and yet to all seeming it is precisely what is being done now, and was always and everywhere practiced in by-gone times. " Let me explain ; it is impossible, and therefore cannot be done; but something extremely similar has been and still is be-ing perpetrated. What really takes place and has for long ages past been continu-ally taking place is this : people force upon their fellow-men a semblance of faith which the latter, much against their will, accept; this likeness, however, is but a counterfeit. Real faith cannot be forced upon any one, nor can its acceptance by others be the result of extrinsic considera-tions, such as violence, fraud, or lucre. What people propagate by means of vio-lence and accept from fear or cupidity is not faith, but faith's counterfeit, and this counterfeit was the old condition of the life of humanity. " The notion of the true Church was also occasionally made use of as an argu-ment against those who dissented; but down to the reign of Constantine and the meeting of the Nicene Council it was still a mere notion and had not got beyond this embryonic stage of its evolution. From the time of Constantine and the Nicene Council, however, it became hardened and crystallized into a thingŠa thing of fraud. . . . " The causes that led to this deception were of an evil nature. By their fruits ye shall know them.' They consisted of hatred, human pride, hostility to Arius and others, and an evil incomparably greater than any of these : the unholy alliance of Christians with the temporal power. Constantine, the Emperor, who personified that power, and had attained at that timeŠaccording to Pagan notions Šthe summit of human greatness (he was enrolled among the gods), embraced Chris-tianity, gave an example to all his sub-jects, converted the people, lent a helping hand against heretics, and by means of an ecumenical council built up a united, true Christian faith.' In this wise the Chris-tian Catholic faith was fixed for all times and countries. " It was so natural to allow oneself to be thus imposed upon that even at the present day people continue to believe in the salutary effects of that momentous event. And yet, interpreted by the light of simple reason unclouded by theological prejudices, the effect of it all was that the majority of Christians there and then ab-jured their faith. It was the epoch of the parting of the waters, when the rank and file of Christianity turned round from right to left, and moved off in the direc-tion of Paganism. Charlemagne and Vladimir rallied the stragglers later on; and the people have continued to march steadily in the same direction ever since. The ecclesiastical fraud consisted in the adoption of Christianity by the temporal  power, an act which was desirable and useful only to those who, understanding the letter of Christianity, failed to com-prehend its spirit. For to embrace Chris-tianity without first renouncing the tempo-ral power, is either to deride the doctrines of Christ or to falsify them. The conse-cration of the power of the State by Christianity is blasphemy ; nay, it is more than blasphemy,Šit is the ruin of Chris-tianity itself. " Having lived fifteen hundred years under this sacrilegious union between pseudo-Christianity and the State, it needs no slight effort on the part of mankind to forget all the specious sophisms by means of which, during that protracted period, the teachings of Christ have been garbled and twisted and contorted for the purpose of fabricating arguments to prove the legality and sanctity of the State and the possibility of its becoming truly Christian. But underneath these heaps of sophisms lies the hard fact that the words Chris-tian State' have about as much meaning as the words warm' or hot ice.' Only one of two alternatives is possible : either there is no State or else there is no Chris-tianity. . . . " Putting on one side the history of all other nations, let us cast a glance at the history of that State which was the first to make an alliance with Christianity. In Rome a nest of highwaymen had come to be established in the course of time, of men who throve on the proceeds of rob-bery, murder, violence of all kinds, and had become so powerful that they subdued whole nations. These robbers and their progeny, led by ringleaders commonly called CEesars, plundered and tortured the population in order to glut their lusts and passions. One of the heirs of these rob-ber-chieftans, Constantine by name, hav-ing read a large number of books and cloyed his passions with life's pleasures, came to the conclusion that he preferred certain Christian dogmas to his former beliefs, the mass to human sacrifice, and one God and his Son Christ to the worship of Jupiter, Venus, and Apollo; and he accordingly issued orders that his faith be introduced and spread among the peo-ple under his sway. " Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them . . . but it shall not be so among you.' Thou shalt not kill; thou shalt not com-mit adultery; lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth; judge not; resist not evil. There was no one to call his at-tention to these teachings; but what was said to him by those whose duty it was to accentuate the main doctrines of Christ, practically amounted to this: You wish to call yourself a Christian, and to con-tinue at the same time to be a robber chief, to strike, burn, go to war, live lewdly, slay, and repose elegantly in the lap of luxury ? All this is feasible enough.' "And they adjusted Christianity to his wants and wishes, arranging it far more pleasantly than could have been expected. They were sagacious enough, however, to foresee that when reading the gospel he would, sometime or other, become pain-fully aware of what the new faith does really demand of all men who embrace it, viz., a Christian life, and not merely the construction of churches and frequent visits to them. This they anticipated and duly provided for by adding to and ab-stracting from Christianity in such an in-genious way that he might continue to call himself a Christian, to live as a Pagan, and not perceive that there was any con-tradiction between his profession and his acts. On the one hand, Christ, it was clear, had come solely for the purpose of redeeming him and all men; and, on the other hand, the fact that Christ had died gave Constantine the right to live in har-mony with his tastes; nay, more, he had only to repent and swallow a morsel of bread and wine, and behold he had salva-tion in his clutches, and everything was forgiven him. " Nor was this all. They actually blessed and consecrated his power and influence as robber chief, declared that it was from God, and anointed him with oil, In acknowledgment of this he, on his part, arranged to their liking the gather-ing of the clergy, he decreed the nature of each individual's relations to God, and ordered the decree to be read over and repeated to each man for his guidance. And every one was satisfied, and the faith thus trimmed and arranged has prevailed on earth for more than a thousand years. " The main question is the evolution of the deceivers, the pseudo-Christians. We find, then, that they degenerated from what they were or might have been, in consequence of their unnatural union with the brigands. It could not be otherwise, for they left the right road from the mo-ment that they consecrated the first king and assured him that by using violence he could assist the faith whose essence lies in meekness, self-denial, and endurance of evil. " All this is not the story of a fantastic church, but of the real church such as it has been ever since its hierarchy fell un-der the power of kings and Czars; and its history is made up of a long series of vain efforts on the part of this unfortunate hi-erarchy to preserve the truth of Christ's doctrine intact, while preaching it by means of lies and deviating from it by their acts. The significance, the raison d'etre of the hierarchy is founded upon that of the doctrine which they undertake to teach. This doctrine speaks of meek-ness, of self-denial, of love, of poverty; and is preached and propagated by means of violence and lies. " In order that something should be left for the members of their hierarchy to 