246 THE A_TVIPARICAN SENTINEL. drove hoards of the conquered barbarians through the rivers of their blood-stained lands to baptize them, and yet they were unbaptized still, as all must admit who have any true idea of baptism. A glimmer of this truth seemed to dawn upon the minds of the bigoted Spaniards, who, after compelling the Moors to be baptized, decided that they were still non- Christian e. unbaptized) dogs, and that they must therefore be exterminated. This distinction between the spiritual intent, and the civil benefit of the law of God, rests on a false and arbitrary idea of God's government. It assumes that the pleasure of God is to domineer over his creatures, and if in obedience to such arbi-trary rules, there comes any benefit to the people, well and good. On the contrary, the highest pleasure of God, is the pleasure and welfare of all his creatures. There is nothing arbitrary in all God's govern-ment. A thing is not right or wrong simply because God said so; but God says so because it is so. There are certain principles, which in the very nature of things, in all the uni-verse of God, must tend to the happiness of all intelligent beings, and there are other principles which tend to their mis-ery. Of the first, God said, "Thou shalt," and of the second, " Thou shalt not." Thus, all God's law rests in his love for his creatures, and in his desire for their hap-piness and well-being; but this law can not be enforced by the civil power, and any attempt to thus enforce it upon the people, tends, and in all history has tended, to their misery and ill-being, and is, there-fore, utterly subversive of the designs of God's law and government. By this it is seen that the same argu-ment that upholds the so - called " civil Sunday," would carry the nation to any lengths into the iniquitous labyrinths of religious legislation and persecution. G. E. FIFIELD. OUR friends who are exercised over the question of a Sunday law in California are in a great strait. They want a Sun-day law, but they know that the people of California will not listen to any talk of religious legislation, and so their per-plexity is to have the observance of Sun-day enforced, and at the same time not let the people know that any religious legisla-tion is going on. The California Chris-tian Advocate says of the Sunday ques-tion : " It must be brought before the country as a civil measure, yet in such a way as not to secularize the day." Just so. We have all heard of the hunter who aimed at an animal so as to hit it if it was a deer, and to miss it if it was a calf. It is somewhat amusing to see our friends attempt this feat on the Sunday question. ŠSigns of the Times. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, New YORE CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. A Lawyer's View of the Nature of Sunday Laws. IN his brief in the well-known King case, recently passed upon by the Supreme Court of Tennessee, Col. T. E. Richard-son, attorney for the plaintiff in error, gave the following history of the law under which Mr. King was indicted :Š The only statutes on the subject will be found in the act of 1741, enacted by His Excellency, Gabriel Johnson, Esq., . Gov- ernor, by and with the consent of His Majesty's council, and General Assembly of the province of North Carolina; and is as follows :Š Whereas, in well-regulated governments effectual care is always taken that the day set apart for public worship be observed and kept holy, all and every person or persons whatsoever shall, on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, carefully apply themselves to the duties of religion and piety; and no tradesman, artificer, laborer, or other person whatsoever, shall upon the land or water, do or exercise any labor, business, or work of their ordinary callingsŠworks of necessity and charity only, exceptedŠnor employ themselves either in hunting, fishing, or fowling, nor use any game, sport, or play, on the Lord's day aforesaid, or any part thereof, upon pain that any person so offend-ing, being of the age of fourteen years and upwards, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one dollar and twenty-five cents. All and every Justice and Jus-tices of the Peace, within his or their respective counties, shall have full power and authority to convene before him or them, any person or persons who shall offend in any of the particulars before mentioned, in his or their hearing, or on other legal conviction of any such offense, and to impose the said fine or penalty for the same. See laws of Tennessee, Scott's Edition, Vol. 1, page 55. This act was passed when the church was a part of the StateŠwhen there was a State religion. Its purpose was that Sunday should be kept holy. After the Revolution, this act seems to have been retained amongst the statutes of North Carolina, as well as incorporated in the laws of Tennessee. And in 1803, after the admission of Tennessee, as a State, into the Union, the Legislature passed an act entitled as follows :Š An act more effectually to prevent the profana-tion of the Lord's day, commonly called the Sab-bath. Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, that if any merchant, artificer, trades-man, farmer, or any other person- shall be guilty of doing or exercising any of the common avoca-tions of life or causing or permitting the same to be done, by his, her, or their children -or servants, acts of real necessity or charity excepted, on the Lord's day, commonly called Sabbath, such person or persons on due conviction thereof before any Jus-tice of the Peace within the county where such offense shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay the sum of three dollars, one-half to the person who shall sue for the same, the other half for the use of the county wherein such recovery may be had. This act was passed November 3, 1803. See laws of Tennessee, Scott's Edition, Vol. 1, page 795; also Car. & Nich., Art. "Sabbath," pages 638, 639. Can there be any doubt that the act of 1741 was passed to favor and promote Christianity, and also the interests of the Church of England ? then the religion and Church of the State. Is it not equally plain that the act of 1803 was passed to promote and give preference to the Chris-tian religion ? that it was passed to pre-vent the profanation of a day sacred to certain persons claiming to be members of the Christian Church, or of certain sects of Christians ? This Court knows histor-ically, if not judicially, of the wonderful revivals and wide-spread religious excite-ment in the year 1800. They created a deep and lasting impression upon the peo-ple. They prevailed most extensively throughout the States of Kentucky and Tennessee. They were conducted princi-pally by the Presbyterians and Methodists, and the power and influence then obtained by the latter, are felt and seen to the pres-ent time. That the act of 1803 was the result of those revivals, and passed in obedience to the behests of those churches and to. con-form to their religious views, no one can doubt. That the law was enacted to com-pel the observance of Sunday in conform-ity with their tenets, and to coerce the conscience of all persons who might differ with those sects, can be denied by no can-did mind. By those acts exclusive jurisdiction was given to Justices of the Peace, to try, and punish those who violate their provisions. For nearly a century no member of the Bar or Bench ever dreamed or held that the Circuit Courts of the State, had juris-diction over the offense, as created by those acts. For a half century or more after the passage of the act of 1803, it was re-garded as the expression of earnest but fanatical zeal, and was allowed to fall into " innocuous desuetude." It is the fit instrument of petty persecution, and has been seldom used, even by the most ear-nest of zealots. To the credit of the Christian people of the State, it can be truly said, they have generally scorned to use such means of persecution or coercion. C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. 11'IcKEE, President. Secretary. 