70 AMERICAN SENTINEL. thority upon them are called benefactors. But ye shall not be SO." Luke 22:25,26. "So" means "like," "after the same manner," "in the same way." What is the basis of this "so" here?ŠThe kings, the rulers, of the Gentiles, of the nations, of those who are not of the people of GodŠthese exercise lordship over them and exercise authority upon them: -"but ye shall not be so." Ye, my disciples, ye. Christians, ``shall not" "exercise lordship over them." Ye shall not 'exercise lordship over the nations, over those who are not of the people of God: ye "shall not" "exercise author-ity upon them." The kings of the Gentiles are so: but .ye shall not be so. The kings of the Gentiles do so: but ,ye shall not do so. 'Yet everybody knows that this is precisely the thing that the Christian citizenshipfolks are planning both to be and to do. They do design to be just so, and to do just so. While the word of Christ stands ever before themŠ"Ye shall not be SO." Do you obey Christ, or do you not? Are you Chris-tians, or are you not? "Why call ye me, Lord, Lord, and do not the things which I say?" It will not do to try to dodge this by pleading that Christ meant that his disciples were not to exercise lord-Ship over, or authority upon, Christians, their own breth-ren, as the kings of the Gentiles exercise lordship over and authority upon the Gentiles, their own people. This is included in what he said, of course; but this is not all that he said in what he said. It cannot be claimed that under this word Christ's disciples could not exercise lord-ship over, or authority upon, their own brethren, yet could do so over and upon those who were not of their brethren, those who were altogether strangers to them. For if they could not do so with those who were of their own, and recognized fellowship with them, and held the same principles,' how much less could they do so with those who were altogether separated and in no way of them nor of their principles or ways. No: this prohibition of Christ's is universal. Kings of the nations exercise lordship and authority; "but ye shall not be so." The kings of the nations exercise lord-ship over them; "but ye shall not be so." The kings of the nations exercise authority upon them; "but ye shall not be so." We know that the Christian citizenship folks insist that they must take possession of the governmentŠmu-nicipal, state..and national for "the good of both gov-'erument and people." They insist that those who now run the government are running it to the bad; but "we will run it only for the good; they are agents of evil, we will be agents of good." Oh, yes I that is what those who exercise lordship and authority over others always said. "The people are only the better for being ruled, and we are the ones best fitted to rule; we do it for their good; we are only agents of good to the poor bad people." All this is precisely what Jesus says that these kings all say 'of themselves: "The kings of the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and they that exercise authority  upon them are called benefactors." "Bene"Šgood. "Factor"Šagent. "Benefactors"Šagents of good. This is precisely what the Christian citizenship people propose to be in their political aspirations: they propose to be benefactors, agents of good, to the country and the peo-ple. They propose by their political ambitions to work the "redemption of cities, states, and the nation." Thus they too in this day would be called the same kind of political "benefactors." But what says Jesus to them and to all who bear the name of his disciples?ŠHe says, "Ye shall not be so." Those who exercise authority upon the nations are called benefactors; "but ye shall not be SO." Has not the fallacy of such ambition on the part of professed Christians been sufficiently demonstrated in history? Has not the thing been attempted over and over? And has not every attempt proved a most dismal failure so far as any kind of good is concerned? The thing was always productive of more and greater evils than were those which they proposed to remedy. Ye shall not be so," says the Lord Jesus Christ. Will our Christian citizens respect his authority, and Ł obey his Word? A. T. J. Jesus and Social Reform. George M. Steele, D. D., in Northwestern Christian Advocate. THAT the teachings of Jesus tended to the rectification of social wrongs there is no doubt. There is just as little 'doubt that this was not the primary object he had in view. A considerable class of teachers in our clay hold the directly opposite opinion. Not all of them agree with what one frankly said: "We are to make men com-fortable in this life without their concerning themselves much about the future:" But to this complexion does all such teaching come at last. . . "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteous-ness, and all these things shall be added." This was the keynote of Christ's campaign for the reformation of hu- manity. He never adopted nor taught any social theo-ries that were not primarily ethical or religious. We may safely challenge the production of a single utterance that must necessarily be interpreted as having an economic, political, or otherwise social character. These topics were utterly foreign to his intentions. When one came asking him to interfere in a case of alleged injustice as to a division of an inheritance, he exclaimed, in a tone of resentment, "Who made me a judge or a divider over you?" and proceeded to deliver a discourse on covetous- ,. ness. HE IGNORED "SOCIOLOGY" AS SUCH. Jesus has been claimed by all sorts of reformers as an, advocate and exponent each of his own particular cause. The socialists cite him as an authority; so do the labor reformers of all types; the land reformers; and even the anarchists. The communists of this day represent him as their first great advocate; thoughthe communists 