388 THE," AA/IV:RICAN SEN-MINEL— the opposite direction. These want the Fair open on Sunday, and feel just as deeply over the idea that it should not be open as these Christians do over the pros-pect that it may be open. Now what is there about the feelings of a Christian that should require the respect of the State of Illinois, or of the United States, more than the feelings of anybody else ? What right have these Christians to make their religious feelings the standard of public action, to which the feelings and actions of all other people shall be com-pelled by law to conform? When laws and public actions are de-manded upon such a basis as that, as State action is but the action of a majority, then these Christians have no right to complain if the people whose feelings lead them to demand the opposite of this, should compel them to conform to the feelings of that majority. Yet, if any such attempt were made, no person would exclaim more loudly against such action as being oppression, and an invasion of the rights of conscience, than would these same men that now demand that their feelings shall be made the standard of law and public action. That is the mischief of the whole matter; they demand that their feelings in a matter of religious sentiment, shall be made the supreme rule of action, with no reference or respect whatever to the feelings of anybody else in the world. And the principle of it is that all things whatsoever ye would that men should not do to you, do ye that to them. The prin-ciple of Christianity is the opposite of this, and never asks for itself what it does not freely yield to all others; this principle is: " AlI things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them," A. T. J. Memorials of 1829-30. No. 4. A. PROTEST FROM SABBATARIANS. IN the Sunday-mail agitation sixty years ago, the Sabbatarian* Christians were not, asleep any more than they are now. Among the :memorials sent up then and preserved among the public docuMents of the Government is one signed partially by them. Thus we see that these seventh-day,  people;  though small in numbers, have. always made themselves felt when re-ligious liberty was endangered. The truth is, that in all the world's history, it has-been the small and unpopular denomina-tions the dissenters and " heretics,"Šthat have done most for religious liberty. For this_ reason, if for no other, these small sects should be encouraged by af-fording them equal protection and privi-leges with the dominant sect, that we may ever, have a people jealous of the least infringement upon our liberties, and, fully alive to the danger When,the first attempt * The term sabbiterian " is frequently, but improperly, applied by the newspapers to those who advocate Sunday laws. According to Webster, the word means, " One who regards the seventh day Of-the week as holy, agreeably to tile letter of the fourth commabidinent in the Deealogue." is made to encroach upon our natural and constitutional rights. The remonstrance was from New Jersey, and reads as follows :Š To the Honorable, the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives in Congress Assembled : The subscribers, inhabitants of the county of Salem, in the State of New Jersey, respectfully represent: That your memorialists belong to'various religious denominations of Christians, and some of them are conscientious in the' belief that the seventh day of the week, commonly called Saturday, is the true Sabbath; that they have learned with regret that attempts are simultaneously making in different sections of the country to get up petitions and me-morials to Congress to' pass a law for stopping the United States mail on Sunday. While your me-morialists acknowledge, with the most devout rev-erence, that " the earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof," and do most solemnly disclaim all idea of " robbing Jehovah of the worship which is his due,' as Christians and republicans they are constrained to remonstrate against the passage of such a law, which they believe would be pregnant with serious evils to our country. We are of the opinion that the report of the committee of the United States Senate of the last year, on this subject, is conclu-sive, and that the first article of amendments to the Constitution which declares that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of relig-ion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech or of the press," has virtually prohibited Congress from legislating upon this subject. In the opinion of your memorialists, errors of opinion, whether of religion or politics, may be safely tolerated in our country, and no surveillance is required to control them other than that of " rea-son, a free press," and "the free course of the gospel." From the judicious arrangement of the Post-office Department, there is no reason to dread any disturbance of religious societies in their devout worship on that day ; and the passage of such a law would, in the opinion of your memorialists, by occasioning numerous expresses and other modes of conveyance, defeat the ostensible object of the law itself. Such a measure would be the result of a " zeal not according to knowledge," and is not war-ranted by the benevolent spirit of our holy religion, whiph is "gentle," and not coercive; which is " without partiality and without hypocrisy; " which inculcates an active benevolence; which discovers to us a Deity who delights not in " sacrifices and vain oblations," but in the offering of an humble and a contrite heart, and whose goodness is over all his works. The proposed measure would tend to circumscribe and restrict the benefit of a free press, which is the palladium of our liberties, and to check or retard the diffusion of knowledge, which, in the order of Prov-idence, is the surest means of spreading the gospel, and would obscure or render less refulgent " the light of Bethlehem's star." Works of mercy, and of private and public necessity are always excluded from the general prohibition. The divine Author of our religion has shown us, by his own example, that it is lawful to do good on the Sabbath day. The proposed measure would lessen the good man's opportunities of doing good. Many religious tracts, pamphlets; and newspapers " devoted to the interest of Zion and the prosperity of the Redeemer's king- dom," are transmitted by mail; and why not " mail carriers," equally .with " illiterate fisher-men," become the heralds of salvation '1 Why at- tempt to restrict or limit the Almighty in the methods of his grace ? To stop the mail = would, in the opinion of the memorialists, be repugna,nt to a wise maxim, which applies to morals and religion, as well as to economics, " not to put off till to-morrow that which can be done to-day," and would resemble the conduct of "the slothful Servant who hid his talent in a napkin." It an invaluable privilege, for which, as Chris- tians and republicans, we cannot be too thankful, that the Constitution of the United States guarantees to every one the rights of conscience and religion; and, in the opinion of your memorialists, the pro-posed measure would operate as a violation of these rights; would be made a precedent for others of the same kind, and more alarming; would pave the way to a union of Church and State ; against which our horrors are excited by the awful admonitions of history; which would be the deathblow to our civil and religious liberties, purchased by the vir-tue and valor, and sealed with the blood, of our fathers; and end in the worst of all tyrannyŠ" an ecclesiastical hierarchy." January 20, 1830.* Well they knew, as people always ought to know, that human nature is ever the same; and if the ecclesiastics to-day had been in the places of the ecclesiastics a few centuries ago, the sufferers would not have fared much better. If you want liberty, never place a tyrant over you and then trust to his liberality. W. A. BLAKELY. They Understood It. IN reply to an invitation to send repre- sentatives to the late Conference of the Protestant denominations of the State of New York, called by the Presbyterians to discuss the question of moral instruction in the public schools, the Baptist pastors assembled at Lockport, adopted the follow-ing resolutions :Š We believe that it is a manifest injustice to tax those who do not believe in religion, for the mainte-nance of schools in which are taught religious prin-ciples which they do not wish their children to learn ; and further, the inauguration of such a system of religious teaching in our public schools forms a valid argument for the division of the school funds with those Who might not relish such teaching, thus resulting eventually in State support of schools in which the creed of Agnosticism, Buddhism, Con-fucianism, Judaism, or Romanism might be taught. We believe that the State ought not to teach re-ligion, because this would mean, in our age, relig-ious instruction by unregenerate persons who do not know what true religion is, and whose instruc-tion would, in a large degree, be marked by hypoc-risy, formalism, irreverence, and error. We do not wish such persons to instruct our children religiously. The State should teach only that on which all are agreed, and should not invade matters of conscience or religious opinion.Ł If the State may teach religion in schools the State may teach religion in churches of her own establishment. It is only on this broad ground that we can oppose those who would subtly instill Romanism or the creed of Agnosticism into our public instruction. This answer though plain was, it seems, misunderstood by those to whom it was sent, for in his account of the Conference in this city, Dr. Payson said:Š The Baptist Pastors' State Conference declined the invitation in a resolution, unanimously adopted by a rising vote, Łin which the secular view of the functions of civil government was vigorously set forth. . . . It is plain that in some way the Baptists misunderstood the object of the Conference, for the Presbyterian Synod of New York and the General Assembly would never have taken a position in this matter inconsistent with the Presbyterian form of Government (Chap. I., sec. 1.), or with repeated utterances of both of those bodies protesting against any union of Church and State, and they are in ac- * Published by authority of Congress, in 1834. 