124 AMEtICAN SEN'T'INEL. gress to adopt it. 3. It will contribute to the orderly conduct of the whole Exhibi-tion, and to the health and morals of those attending. 4. It will aid to its financial success and bless the working-man 5. It is demanded by the Christian and the patriotic sentiment of the country. G. It will honor God and preserve the faith of the Nation. 7. It will teach visiting nations the way of happiness." These different positions were supported by quotations, mainly of religious prece-dents, opinions, and statistics. AGAIN, the next day, the Committee came together to hear the views of those who denied the propriety of any legisla-tion which should have for its purpose the closing of the World's Fair on Sun-day. The committee room was filled, though but one of the representatives of the affirmative was present. A larger number of congressmen were in attend-ance than on either of the previous days. Those who addressed the Committee were Allen Moon, of Chicago; W. H. McKee, of New York; G. E. Fifield, of Massachu-setts, and Lewis Abrahams, a lawyer of the city of Washington. The points made, and the positions taken, either have been, or will be, so fully presented in THE SENTINEL that it is not necessary to make any statement of them here; it would be unavoidably imperfect because' of the required brevity. AT the same hour in which this hearing was held, the same matter was under discussion in the meeting of the World's Columbian Commission, in session in the city of Chicago. At this meeting it was determined to lay aside the discussion and decision of this question until the second day of the next session of the National Commission, in October. The number of separate petitions received for Sunday closing was given as two thousand, seven hundred and twenty-five, but the number of individual petitioners was not stated. They Came from every State in the Union. The Secretary was instructed to have printed, for distribution at the next ses-sion of the Commission, a list of the petitions, both for and against Sunday closing, with a statement of the number of petitions on each separate list, and the name of the organization from which the petition comes. The evidences are that the settlement of this question will be left with the local management, where it properly belongs. W. H. M. Another Congressional Hearing. ON Tuesday, April 12, the House Com-mittee on the Judiciary granted a hearing to representatives of the National League for the Preservation of American Institu-tions upon petitions and a memorial pre-sented, in behalf of the League, in the House, by Mr. Springer of Illinois. The petitions pray " for the passage of a con-stitutional amendment forbidding the use of public money, or credit, for the purpose of founding, maintaining, or aiding any church, religious denomination, or reli-gious society, or any institution, society, or ;undertaking which is wholly or in part under sectarian or ecclesiastical control." The constitutional amendment offered pro-poses to extend to each State the terms of restriction as to laws respecting an estab-lishment of religion or prohibiting the  free exercise thereof, in the First Amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States and applicable to Congress, coup-ling with that the specifications of the petition. Rev. J. M. King, Secretary of the League, first addressed the Committee. Mr. King discussed the standing of the League as comprising within its membership the intellect, wealth, and influence of the country, and said that it had already two hundred local secretaries throughout the United States. Twenty-one States, Mr. King said, have already clauses in their Constitutions forbidding appropriations for sectarian purposes. It was claimed that the purpose of the League, was to eliminate religious questions from politics; and secure the complete separation of Church and State; that it was neither anti-Roman Catholic, anti-Protestant, nor anti-Judaic, but that .these all were with them; yet a question from Mr. Oates, of Alabama, drew out that the great danger feared was apparent only in the encroach-ments of the Roman Catholics in New York and Minnesota. Wm. Allen Butler, of the law commit-tee of the League, followed Mr. King; he said that what was asked was but a logical expression of the First Amendment to the Constitution applied to the States. The division between Church and State is one of the first and fundamental principles of this American Government. Yet he defended the exemption of ministers, churches, and religious charities from taxation. Mr. Culbersbn asked if Con-gress did not make appropriations every year for church charities in the District of Columbia, and for church schools among the Indians. Mr. Butler replied that if they did it was contrary to the First Amend-ment to the Constitution. Several ques-tions were then asked tending to show that members of the Committee looked upon the amendment, asked for, as being calculated to inaugurate a restrictive con-stitutional policy instead of leaving each State to be governed only by the general principles of the Constitution and free to establish its own special restrictions. After the close of the hearing Mr. King was asked that if the intent of the restric-tion of the First Amendment upon the Con-gress of the United States was extended to the different States why the principle em-bodied would not require the repeal of all laws bearing on religion, such as the re-quirement of the belief in a God as a qualification to testify as a witness, laws against blasphemy, and laws requiring Sunday observance. He replied that it would not do that because it was special-ized entirely upon the matter of the ap-propriation of money for sectarian pur-poses. The purpose of this League is then not the separation of Church and State but the concentration of the forces of a religion into a more complete union with the cen-tralized power of the State and an elimi-nation of disturbing elements. W. H. M. Wherein Is the Difference? THE Ohio Legislature has passed a law prohibiting shaving on Sunday, and the penalty for its violation is very severe. During the debate on the bill, according to the correspondent of the Commercial Gazette: Mr. Marshall excited much laughter by offering  an amendment proposing to make it unlawful to shine shoes on Sunday. This, of course, was lost. Why, "of course " ? Shaving requires manual labor done for a consideration, and so does the work of the bootblack. A shave is as necessary to comfort and decency as polished shoes. Verily, let Legislatures be commended for fine spun distinctions where there is no difference ! Kentucky Journal. They Are ''Instructed" to Close the Fair. IT begins to look as though the work of no association, convention or general public gathering of any sort was consid-ered complete without a resolution favor-ing the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday. About every possible reason that. the mind of man could invent has been assigned as an excuse for the proposed step, even to the fact that the hogs on exhibition should have one day of rest in seven so that they may show to better advantage. It can hardly be believed that a resolution of this nature would be seriously entertained by any body of men. Yet such an one was actually passed by the American Swine Breeders' Asssociation, and a similar one finds itself in company with others passed by a stock breeders'  meeting in Illinois. The latest comes from the Southeast Nebraska Teachers' Association, held at Tecumseh, Neb., a week since, and reads as follows :Š WHEREAS, We as educators should represent and reflect the highest moral sentiment of the country, and WHEREAS, There exists a discussion relating to the Sunday-closing of the World's Fair in 1893; therefore, be it Resolved, That we instruct the Commissioners to close the World's Fair on Sunday. Why is it that these would-be legal guardians of Sunday sacredness do not know that what they ask is wholly outside the jurisdiction of the Columbian Com-mission and contrary to the spirit of the National Constitution ? So also are the memorials from the various State Legis-latures to the Commission to close the gates of the Exposition on Sunday, with-out jurisdiction. So clearly was this point brought out in the late hearing by Mr. Jones, before the Iowa Legislative Com-mittee, that several who had been avowedly in favor of the memorial confessed their change of sentiment. But aside from the authority vested in the commission to act according to the various instructions wherein is the Southeast Nebraska Teach-ers' Association clothed with power to "instruct the Commissioners to close the World's Fair on Sunday ?" To say the least, the resolution displays a monumental exhibition of ignoranceŠan ignorance that clearly demonstrates that the "power be-hind the throne " is not the teachers themselves, but an outside influence that has led them to commit themselves to a question whose real nature they do not understand. The question of closing the gates of the Fair on Sunday is a religious ques-tion. It is confessedly in the interests of religion; was first introduced by reli-gionists, and its agitation is backed by religious people, who in their blind zeal can see nothing before our Republic but utter ruin unless it incorporates in the body of its Constitution a recognition of Christ as the ruler of nations. W. E. CORNELL. Des Moines, Iowa. 