276  CAIN-  S_Easi7171EXIffIlLi. VoL. 9. No. 35. the Jesuits to extirpate heresy was founded on and inspired by the same fiendish sen-timent, the enforcement of which by civil law has drenched the fairest portions of earth in rivers of blood. The imprisonment, the whipping at the post, and hanging on the gibbet, of Baptists and Quakers, by New England Puritans, had all, and just the same, justification that can be claimed for these Sunday persecu-tions and imprisonments. In the former, as well as these latter cases, the plea was to prevent the scandalizing the neighbor-hood, to maintain the peace and dignity of the State. It is a great scandal to the neighborhood, a great disturbance of the peace, and awfully against the dignity of the State, for a poor fellow to plow in his field, however remote it may be from any public road, or the public view in any way, on Sunday; though his necessities may forbid his losing more than one day out of seven from the work necessary to support himself and family; and what is more to him, his conscience forbids it also. For his law of conscience in the case commands that, " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work," Sunday being one of the six. This law, as he conceives, came directly from Jehovah at Mount Sinai, and was given to all mankind in all the ages. The same law commanded that he should " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." And it specifies, "But the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." They, Sunday advocates, have quit denying that that is our Sat-urday. To work on Sunday under these circum-stances is a great offense to the neighbor-hood, so much so that in a similar case in Maryland a son actually had to play the part of a spy on his father, to detect the great scandal there is in Sunday work, so private and orderly was he proceeding about his business on that day. The questions of conscience involved matter nothing to these sleuth hounds in pursu-ing their hapless victims. In the Mary-land case it mattered not to the son that his father regarded Sunday-keeping a Catholic institution and not a Bible com-mand; for all the command there is on the subject makes Saturday the day to be kept. It matters not that all who do not believe in this Sunday mockery of a Sab-bath do believe that to keep it is but re-ceiving the " mark of the beast," which all professing Christians are solemnly warned against in the Scriptures, and which all anti-Catholics believe to be the observance of Catholic laws and institu-tions, of which Sunday-keeping is unmis-takably one of the most prominent. Now from all this it is plain to be seen, so plain not even the fool need to err therein, that this Sunday question is purely and exclusively a religions question, a question of conscience. The question of disestab-lishing the State Church in Virginia and North Carolina and other States where the Episcopal Church was the established church, was no more religious and in-volved no more the rights of conscience and the freedom of religion, than does this Sunday question. The plea was then urged that the cause of religion required the support of the civil power, and that to remove it would demoralize society. It is the plea now urged to sustain the Sunday institution. It is a civil institu-tion, necessary to the civil welfare of the community, they urge. That this is a lie, black and infamous, cowardly and mean, the subterfuge, the figment of religious  frenzy, and the spirit of religious intoler-ance, is seen in the fact that every civil statute to sustain Sunday predicates it on a recognition of the religious view of the case. Everyone recognizes it as the "Sabbath " or the " Lord's day." And so in all the court decisions on the subject. And as Crafts, the evil genius of all this Sunday deviltry, this legislation on the sub-ject, remarked, "Take the religion out and you take the rest out." It could not be a rest-day if it were not a holy day, in his conception. And so it is, this Sunday agitation in-volves necessarily the settlement of a purely religious controversy by the State, as to which is the day to be kept, Satur-day or Sunday, or whether either or any is to be kept. The writer believes none is. The Christian's. rest-day is every day, a perfect rest from all his own labors in the effort to save himself, and a perfect repose in the full faith that his Lord and Saviour, who came " to save his people from their sins," will carry on " the good work he hath begun in the heart until the day of Jesus Christ." That the State has no jurisdiction in such controversies, and that all Sunday or other religious legislation is forbidden is settled clearly and conclusively by the language of our State Constitution, Article 1, Sec-tion 3Šthe Bill of Rights : " That all men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own conscience; that no man can, of right, be compelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or to maintain any minister, against his con-sent; that no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no pref-erence shall ever be given, by law, to any religious establishment or mode of wor-ship." Only religious fanaticism of the worst type, that which always engenders persecution, could so becloud the public judgment and conscience as that there could be a moment's hesitancy in coming to a fixed conclusion that this article con-demns all such legislation as these laws. The latest indications are of a returning sense of justice and right in this matter. All hail the glorious omen ! The Demo-cratic Convention that met at Nashville last week to nominate a candidate for governor, adopted the following plank in its platform, bearing directly on the sub-ject of religious liberty: "To the end that this land may forever remain a land of liberty, the Democratic party is opposed to all secret, political organizations, and to all political proscription on account of religious opinion." If language has any meaning this applies as much to Sunday laws as to the American Protective Asso-ciation, whose movements lately in this State called it forth. There is some hope that all this madness may yet cease before a season of general religious persecution sets in in this country, the last refuge of religious liberty. Hoping for the better, I am your brother in the fight for religious liberty to the end, WM. P. TOLLEY. Kelso, Tenn., Aug. 25. Still Courting Rome. THERE are " Protestants " and Protes-tants. The former are those who, while bearing the name, declare by their acts that Protestantism has no reason for exist-ence, no excuse for being; that Rome is Christian, one of the "grand divisions of  the 'Redeemer's army," etc. Such "Prot-estants " have no use for the caution given by the Apostle John : " If there come any unto you, and bring not this doctrine, receive him not into your house, neither bid him God-speed." Rome comes bringing an-other doctrine, namely, salvation by pen-ance instead of salvation by faith, and yet " Protestants " do, in effect, bid her God-speed, as witnesseth the following from Ł the Pilot, the leading Catholic paper of Boston Chautauqua Sends Greetings. On Wednesday, August 8, a very interesting inci-dent occurred. It was the receipt of a telegram by the Rev. Thomas J. Conatly, D. D., president of the Catholic Summer School, from Bishop John H. Vin-cent, the chancellor and founder of Chautauqua. It read:Š Chautauqua, N. Y., August 7. By a vote of 5,000 Chautauquans to-night Chautauqua sends greeting and best wishes to the Catholic Summer School. JOHN H. VINCENT. Wednesday night, just before Father Pardow's lec-ture, Dr. Conaty read the telegram to a crowded audi-ence, which received it with enthusiasm and loudly applauded this answer:Š The scholars of the Catholic Summer School of America are deeply grateful for Chautauqua's cordial greeting, and send best wishes to Chautauqua in return. Taos. J. CONATY, President. But this is only what we might expect. Years ago " Protestants " declared : Whenever they [the Roman Catholics] are willing to cooperate with us in resisting the progress of political atheism we will gladly join hands with them." This Chautauqua gush is only a part of the programme. A Righteous Decision. SOME months since a Roman Catholic died in Buffalo, N. Y. leaving seven children. Previous to her death she di-vided among these children $1,200. She then made a will by which she bequeathed the whole of her remaining estate, $1,000 in trust to Nicholas Bashman, to be used by him in paying for "masses for the benefit of my poor soul, and for the bene-fit of the soul of my deceased husband." The seven children contested the will. Mr. Bashman had been left with discre-tionary power to pay the money for the masses to any church he chose. The at-torney for the children appeared before the surrogate, and opposed the admission of the will to probate on the following grounds:- 1. That the trustee has too much discretion. 2. That a soul has no standing in a temporal court. 3. That the trust is illegal, not being for the benefit of any living human being. In arguing the case he set forth the following points: a. The very existence of the soul after death has never been proved. b. That its alleged immortality has never been sus-tained by facts. c. That the whole subject of a hereafter is a matter of pure speculation. d. That the law requires that trusts should be for the benefit of living human beings, and this creates a trust for the benefit of a soul which may possibly be nonexistent. e. Further, he raised the question whether the soul, said. At would derive any benefit from the masses At the hearing of the case recently it was shown, in addition to the facts already stated, that the maker of the will was of sound mind and memory, and the will was properly made. She directed that all her debts, doctor's bills, and funeral ex-penses should be paid, and that the bal-ance should be applied to masses, as already stated. In rendering his decision the judge said:Š The intent of the testator is the rule of construction. The most sacred duty the court can perform is to give 