182 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, just privately pledge yourself to us and we will throw our weight in the balance in your favor." The point will be to assure the candi-date that all the church people are united on this question, and will all vote for any one who is pledged to support a Sunday law.. If he fail to see it in that light, he is to understand that he will be tabooed by the good people, and their support will be given to the other man. In this calla-paign everything political in the power of the sacred circle is to be bartered for a Sunday law. There are in the plans for this campaign, although in the name of religion, the ele-ments of the most deceptive ,political schemes ever brought to light in the State. This State movement is part and parcel of the game for a national Sunday law, which in turn is a link in the National Reform Constitutional Amendment plot; and their principal hope, all the way through, is based on the verdancy or the cupidity of politicians. They would. loudly denounce the same principle of op-erations if brought to bear against their pet project. The line upon 'which the Sunday- law politicians are working, was laid out at a National Reform Convention, held in Pittsburg, in 1874, --when Dr. Robert Audley Browne gave vent to the following sentiment :Š There is no more persistent man alive than the typical representative American office-seeker. Of that class, the most of those who have not yet found whether they are for Christ or not, or who are openly decrying this movement, are ready to be its firm friends as soon as they acquire wisdom to dis-cern the signs of the tithes, and are assured of its speedy success, They may pull back now at the hind axle, or scotch the wheels of the car of prog-ress; but when they see it move, they will quickly jump in to get front seats, and avow " they always thought it was a good thing " When our Master comes into his kingdom in our beloved land, they will be candidates for the foremost positions, and scramble with the mother of Zebedee's children for the right or left hand places in the kingdom. This shows the character of the weapons they propose to use, and the programme proposed for the California campaign shows the deceptive manner in which the weapons are to be secured. Verily " the end justifies the means " from a Sunday-law standpoint. When a professedly Christian people begin to work in a se-cret manner with such candidates as can be secretly induced to barter principle for votes, it is time for honest people to look with suspicion upon the object sought by such means. Not only is there deception proposed in regard to the manipulation of candidates, but them is equally as rank deception in regard to the character of the " Sabbath " which it is designed. to bind upon the peo-ple of the State. The leaclerS of this' movement, have two propositions before the people: To.the church people the very solemn plea is made that the sacred. Sab-bath is being desecrated by the ungodly use of the day; while to the general pub- lic the call is for a merely "civil Sab-bath," in order that the poor workingman may have a day of rest and recreation. The Oakland apostle of this religio-political movement, Rev. N. R. Johnston, even goes so far as to blandly plead for the saloon-keepers' opportunity to go to the picnic on Sunday : while on the other "hand the wickedness of the Sunday picnic has been held up as the grand reason why we should have a Sunday law. In his call for a convention at San Jose, on. the twentieth and twenty-first of this month, he shows ,the religious character of the civil Sabbath that his party is working for in the following language:Š The great importance of the divine institution, the steady growth of opposition to it as a sacred day of rest, the alarming prevalence of Sabbath desecration, and the danger that a Continental Sun-day may displace our true American Sabbath, all call for combined wisdom and united efforts to pro-mote Sabbath sanctification, and to secure a right-eous civil law in our State that will tend to prevent the contemptuous disregard of our sacred day of rest. And all this in the face of the public representations, not only of Mr. Johnston himself, but of Mr. Crafts, Mr. Thompson, and the whole flock of prominent leaders, that all that is wanted is a civil day of rest, a legal holiday in the interests of overworked humanity. Let the people beware of wolves in sheep's clothing. A Political Revolution in Wisconsin. THE last Wisconsin Legislature, passed at its last session wht is known as the BENNETT law, making education in Wis- consin compulsory, and enacting this pro-vision beside :Š No school shall be regarded as a school under this act, unless there shall be taught therein as part of the elementary education of children, reading, writ-ing, arithmetic, and United States history in the English language. Upon its face this provision might seem to be fair enough, but, closely considered, it is found to embody features replete with mischief. The State of Wisconsin contains a very large foreign-born popu-lation, chiefly German, Scandinavian, and Belgian. In. many of its towns German is extensively spoken; in most of the private and parochial schools German is taught. To make education compulsory, while denying to the schools where children of German parents are instructed alegal ex-istence as schools, means substantially, their, abolition; and if the State has the right to prescribe what language shall be taught in schools that are not maintained by the State, but supported and managed by private individuals,: it must also have the right to prescribe and supervise all their other studies. Against such an in-vasion of private rights the citizens 'of Milwaukee: have now protested with such vigor and effectiveness 'that the only thing  to be done with the Bennett law is to re-peal it. Ł If the local authorities of New - York were to direct that Latin or Greek should no longer be taught in any of our colleges ; if they undertook to furnish the text books of history to be used in private schools and to interdict all others; if they as-sumed to interfere with the religious training of the young, either in parochial or Sunday schools, a strong expression of dissent would promptly follow. The State maintains its own schools, and there is no interference of any sort, sectarian or political, with their management ; but the dictation of . the State cannot be permitted any further than in the schools which it suRports by taxation. Penal laws for the obliteration of a lan-guage have been passed' and cruelly. en-forced in Ireland and Poland, but they can have no place upon the statute books in this country. The people of Milwaukee gave their views upon the subject very de-cisively; and similar views, it is quite safe to say, are entertained by a majority of the voters of every populous community in the United States, where English is not exclusively spoken.ŠThe Swn. Remarkable Language. THE Rev. Dr. Parkhurst used this very remarkable language in the course of a sermon last Sunday at the Madison Square Presbyterian Church:Š It is as much a Christian's duty to love his coun-try as his God. To an American the Stars and Stripes ought to be as much of his actual religion as the Sermon on the Mount. It is as much the duty of a New York Christian to go to the polls on elec-tion day as for him to go to the Lord's table on communion day. The command. of Jesus is to love God with the whole heart, and your neighbor as .yourself. Therefore, love for mankind as brethren is' a Christian sentiment. But patriotism is a restriction of that senti- ment to a man's own country. Ł Great as are the " Stars and Stripes," and glorious beyond measure, is a Christian preacher justified in calling them as much a part of religion as the Sermon on the Mount, in which is contained the very kernel and epitome of Christianity ? They are for time; Mt does not Dr. Parkhurst believe that the words of Jesus. are for eternity, for the endless ages, when the symbols of earthly power shall have passed into nothingness ? The duty of a Christian to go to the polls is a great and a high duty: He shares it with the Jew and the pagan; but were not the Madison Square Presbyterians a:little startled to hear Dr. Parkhurst put-ting it on the same religious plane with the duty- of partaking of -the sacrament as distinctive of Christianity ? Such language is very extraordinary. But Dr. Parkhurst, it must be remem-bered, is a Presbyterian of the agnostic variety.ŠThe Sun. 