220 AMERICAN-  SENTINEL. The gathering this year, which I was privileged to at-tend, was the twelfth annual session, and was held in Calcutta. The actual number of representatives from all parts. of India holding certificates was 703. Besides these, hundreds from the country were daily in attend= mice, An immense pavilion over two hundred feet long by one hundred wide was erected in Beadon square, in which the meetings were held. This pavillion was packed full, and to show something of the enthusiasm among the pep ple,I may say that after the first day when tickets of admission were one rupee each, they were sold to all who could get in at five rupees (about $1.50) each. The congress has already secured considerable warm sympathy and support from Englishmen of influence. A glance at the resolutions gives an idea of the object of the congress, and I refer to them here not to discuss the political situation in India, but to show the agencies which are in training and the danger that this vigorous body of intelligent and ediicated Indians stand in of beingtaptured by the religio-pblitical movement already at work in this country'.  The congress appeals to the Indian government and also to the Imperial'government through a British com-mittee Which it' has in the House of Cominons for, (a) Separation of Judicial and Executive Functions. They say as matters now stand the chief magistrate is often the judge, as well as the head of other governmental dePartmenta. (b):Protineial Findnce. This is designed to prevent extraordinary expenses being thrown onto the country in the creation of which, it had no 'voice. (c) Public Service Examinations, They demand that these'shall be held; not in England alone as at present, but in this country at the same time. (d) A recasting of the E*atiqn,ai Se-1.00e. (e) Expension of Trial by Jury, (I) Abate" of:thC Salt Tax.. Mani of the'Speeches.  made on -WgeOcEitionlic were decidedly eloquent. At the cloSe of the Congress, the Indian Social Beform Congress, which is really an adjunct of the one already mentioned, held a meeting. The gathering was not' .so large;becanse many Hindoos are opposed, as yet, to the discussion of the questions usually before ,it, bUt it is growing m influence year by year. The topics; —tinder considAiation were: Evil of Child Marriage; Remarriage of Witibws; Education of Women; The Curtailing of Extrayagant ExPenses at Marriages; The Encouraging of Foreign Travel; alid an appeal for a law' for the better,control of religious endowments.,  I take the time here to speak' of this matter of religious endowments; suffice it to say that if the petitioners get the law they are asking for it will be pretty sure to result in a lot of mischief in this country. In I.858, the Queen's Proclamation which referred espe-ciallyto this country, said, "And we do strictly charge andenjoin all those Who may be in authority"' under us, that,they abstain from all interference with the religious belieftprqbrship of any of our subjects, on Pain of our highest displeasure." Since then the government has generallYavoided religious questions. But at the present  time it is being fairly beseiged by the Christian element for a law in behalf of Sunday observance. Up to the present time the government has refused to listen. Of course the so-called Christian population of India is but the merest fraction of the whole, say two millions out of nearly three hundred Millions. Now let the Hindoos themselves demand and secure a law upon a religious questionŠtheir demand for the present is refusedŠbut let them get it and then the prece-dent is established, the way is open far making other laws on religious questions; and then the Sunday move-ment will the more easily find its way to power in this country, and it will be no marvel to see a bargain struck between Hindoo and Christian over the two questions. The Lord's Day Union for India, now in its fourth year, in one of its publications, says :Š "Great Victory in America. A' great object leisSon has just been afforded by the battle at the World's Pair in Chicago. That cityis largely dominated by foreigilers, and a; deSperate attempt has been made to keep the Fair going on Sunday. But we now learn that this attempt has failed. Two great opposing petitions Were sent to the Directory of the World's Exposition. Eighty thou-sand persons asked that the gates should be open; but no less than twenty-five millions demanded that they should be shut. The number were: for Sunday opening, 87,507 against 25,825,086. This clearly shows that the American people are still of the same mind as one of their judges who wrote a defense of Sabbath laws, in which he said : The Anglo-Saxon race is marching on as an army with ba,unem, and far advanced among them is the banner upon which is engraved, REMEMBER THE SABBATH DAY TO KEEP IT HOLY.' The peoples of Asia should know that there are the deepest reasons for this custom of Sunday observance, which is one of the most characteristic' fea-turee of the new civilization now overspreadinw their ancient continent.: The most progressive portions of Europe aad America ,are precisely those where Sunday is mast reverenced. ASia will make ;little progress till 0e too has a Sabbatkrest." Ł . This : same: publication referred' to, again deliv4rs itself thus':-- " But why shbnld the call of the church bells be ig-nored,and the voice of religion disregarded? Men May affect to think they can make what laws they choose for the employment of their time; but the fact remains that God has claimed the day for'His service. The first, the most binding, and the most powerful argument for the Sunday rest is that it is commanded by the authority:of our Maker himself. Thus runs the fourth commandMent of the Decalogue : `Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates ; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it.' Ex. 20:8-11. This is the law of God, and the man that breaks it brings himself under the sweep'of an in-evitable retribution. It has been well described as the 