AMERICAN SENTINEL. 291 which independent states may of right do." It is there-fore not entirely unbecoming for any man, and even a senator, to wish to circumscribe and hamper those oper-ations of power that are an expression of the subjection of the people; which are a denial and prohibition of hu-man rights; which are an assertion of the sovereignty of the rule of might; which are accompanied with the declaration that "we have a right to govern the terri-tory of the United States as we please." * Such invest-ments of strength are not occasions for rejoicing. "Our legislators are not sufficiently apprised of the rightful limits of their power, that their true office is to declare and enforce only our natural rights and duties, and to take none of them from us."f It is, therefore, a waste of breath on the part of an American statesman to talk of sovereign powers which conflict with human rights. He simply proclaims that he is ignorant of, or that he de-spises, the fundamental principles of American govern-ment. "Is it possible that we are degenerate?" This ques-tion is easily answered. It is most certainly possible. But that is not the question, and it is a question upon which imperialists, if they are wise, will delay discussion as long as possible. We will say, however, in passing, that upright men are not in the habit of demanding unlimited powers over their fellowmen. They know that it is impossible to hold such power for the good of any-bodyŠthat it will be a curse to both governors and governed. They have no aspirations in behalf of hu-manity and civilization that are incompatible with jus-tice and equity. They know that in order to be humane they must be just; they know that in order to be benefi-cent they must not deny to others the rights which they claim for themselves. But let the question of degeneracy be decided as it may. In neither case are those who ask this question entitled to the powers which it is unlawful for any man or set of men to hold, whether they be degenerate or not. The first man who arrogated to himself such powers has come down to posterity branded in the language of inspiration with a name that is equiv-alent to "the extremely impious rebel," and which signi-fies "rebellion" and "supercilious contempt." And those who follow in his steps cannot hope to escape the brand of Nimrod, let the question of their degeneracy be decided as it may. Mr. Denby does not say why "we" cannot oppress anybodyŠ"which we could not do if we wanted to," and we shall not ask why. It becomes persons of ordinary clay to hold their tongues in the presence of men who are so spotless and immaculate that they just can't oppress anybody, even under an "expansive" and "elas-tic" constitution interpreted by themselves. No words of doubt should mar such sublime perfection. But the in-junction is, "Be not righteous overmuch; neither make * Senator Platt, of Connecticut, in the United States Senate. Ł t Works of Thomas Jefferson, Vol. VII. page 3. thyself overwise; why shouldest thou destroy thyself?" Those men who are just so good that they cannot be beneficent without trampling upon justice and equity; who are so righteous that just and constitutional re-straints and principles must expand and contract to fit their actions, are so unregenerately bad that of all men on the face of the earth, they are the last who should be trusted with irresponsible power, and never for a single moment should they know what it is to be without the most strict and binding limitations and restraints. We shall have more to say of these "good" men next week. And in what we have said, and shall say, we are not aiming at the men, but at this "goodness" with which they identify themselves. The Town of Bondage.ŠNo. 2. BY FRANCES E. BOLTON. By this we came where stood great golden harps with torn and broken strings. There seemed to wail a minor melody sadder than sorrow's song, of joy re-nounced, of ruined homes, anddesolated lives. The toil-ers round were shaping iron ends to tip their scourge-whips, wherewith to wound themselves. "And this, what's this?" I asked. "What are these harps?" "Hearts," cried a voice near by. "They are our hearts. God filled them full of golden melody, and then when we had learned to love it well, he bade us break each string, and tear the harps from out our bosoms. Once we had hope, that if on earth bereft, they would be given back to us in heaven. Alas! there is no heaven, and he who gave us harps is worse than hate. There is no hope. Despair and mystery is all our portion. Our dim eyes fail in looking up, yet nothing hangs above but threatening vengeance." We next found writers, writing as for life. They wrote with blood, dipping their pens through gashes to their hearts for ink. They wrote of sacrifice of every God-made hope, instinct, and tendency declaring God demanded that men tread a path for which he gave no love; but rather filled with hatred and disgust against its gloom. "We teach them that God asks such grief of them." So said my guide. "But does he?" "Answer yourself, for you, as yet, are free." "Well, then," I said, "Nay, nay. God gives us fac-ulties to do the work he fits us for, and gives an easy yoke, a burden light, and bids us come to him and be at rest." "Speak not so loud within these prison walls, lest some sweet echo raise a tempest here, and set men free." "And who are these who go on crutches so?" "These are our mendicants who live as beggars do, and ask for bread but ever find but stone." 