TT-4V AMERICAN SENTINEL. 123 does not need much discernment to see in this a repetition of what was seen in Scot-land, and in the New England States in the early history of this country, when men were compelled to attend church and appear very religious on Sunday. Peo-ple have the right to attend church and to observe Sunday strictly if they de-sire, and they should be protected in that right, but there the matter should end. They should not be allowed to compel others to submit to their ideas of religion, and observe their tenets of faith, whether they have any conviction in the matter or not. The history of the past should be sufficient to prove to every candid indi-vidual that the interests of religion and morality can not be advanced by such legislation that will thus enable a few hypocritical bigots to annoy citizens who 'do not agee with them in all of their ideas. A. 0. TAIT. Congressional Hearings. THE World's Fair Committee of the House has lately granted three different hearings on the question of closing the World's Fair on Sunday. At the first hearing, on April 5, there were present eight members of the Committee; a dele-gation, representing the American Sab-bath Union and National Reform Associ-ation, which desired to be heard in advo-cacy of some congressional action to secure the Sunday closing of the Exposition; and representatives of the National Religious Liberty Association, and THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, who asked the privilege of opposing any action by Congress looking to that end. The advocates of Sunday closing had a grievance to begin with in the presence of any opponents, and Elliott F. Shepard, who led the delegation, stren-uously opposed the granting of any of the time of the Committee to the hearing of other views than those of himself and coadjutors. But, as Allen Moon, repre-senting the National Religious Liberty Association, had previously arranged with the chairman of the Committee for an op-portunity for the Association to be heard, Mr. Shepard's objection was overruled and the time was allotted to four speakers, three in favor of Sunday closing of the Exposition by some act of Congress, and one to oppose the recommendation of any such measure to Congress; fifteen minutes time was granted each speaker. Mr. Shepard was displeased at the ab-sence of some of the Committee, and so expressed himself, but Mr. Durborow, the chairman, reminded him that he was "addressing the whole country," and re-quested him to proceed. After introducing himself as representing the American Sab-bath Union and dwelling upon the num-bers and influence of that and kindred organizations, Mr. Shepard made a plea for Sunday observance in general, and its enforcement at the World's Fair in par-ticular, on the ground that this is a "Christian Nation," and making extensive citations in support of this from the opin-ion of Mr. Justice Brewer, given in the case of the Rector, etc., of the Church of the Holy Trinity, New York, vs. the United States. Before Mr. Shepard seemed to have fairly begun, however, much to his apparent chagrin, time was called on him and he was obliged to give,  way to the next speaker. Rev. Dr. Knowles; of New York City, followed, and while he disclaimed the in-tention of making a religious plea, and  expressed himself as desiring to ask legis-lation upon civil grounds entirely, the only civil basis upon which he relied was the many precedents, which he quoted, of religious legislation by the civil author-ities in different States, and the expression of a wish by so many petitioners that the same course should be continued by the Congress of the United States. He said that while Mr. Shepard had been empha-sizing the religious side of the question it still had the side of the citizen, and that what they wanted was the maintenance of the American Sabbath as the enforcement of its observance is provided for in the laws of the country. He asked the Committee to favor such measures as would tend to the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, because Sunday closing would be in har-mony with the history in that regard of all previous expositions; also in harmony with our Sunday laws, and what he thought was the spirit of our Government from the beginning; also, because it would be in harmony with the world-wide move-ment now in progress to secure the en-forcement of a rest day ; and finally be-cause it was in harmony with God's law. Mr. Knowles spoke of having spent three weeks at Albany, in attendance upon the Legislature, and quoted the ac-tion taken there. In response to a query from Mr. Caruth, a member of the Com-mittee, as to whether New York alone had directed the closing , of its exhibit on Sunday, Mr. Knowles replied that while that was so, New Jersey, Massachusetts, Kentucky, and Ohio had passed resolu-tions favoring Sunday closing by the man-agement. Out of seven Legislatures to which the question had been presented the past winter but one, that of Iowa, had re-fused to recommend Sunday closing. Mr. Knowles was asked if he thought the at-taching of a provision conditioning an appropriation on Sunday-closing would be sufficient to attain this end; he answered that he thought any expression from Con-gress favoring closing on Sunday would cause the gates to be closed. G. E. Fifield, of Massachusetts, then addressed the Committee in behalf of the National Religious Liberty Association, and said that he did not appear before them either to affirm or to deny that ex-hibits at the World's Fair should be closed on Sunday, but to deny the right of Con-gress to touch this as a religious question. He then showed from the statements of Mr. Shepard and Mr. Knowles that it was a question of religion, and being so he claimed that it was outside the juris-diction of Congress. The measure was uncivil and unchristian as well. Rev. H. H. George followed in behalf of the American Sabbath Union. He reasoned that this country can not exist without a rest day, and as no petitions have been presented against the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, therefore Congress must undertake to shut its gates on that day. As the representatives of the American Sabbath Union felt that they had been unable to present their case, the Commit-tee agreed to continue the hearing the following day. After the adjournment of the Committee meeting the American Sab- bath Union held an impromptu executive session right there, and determined that they would not tolerate the presentation of any opposing views at the hearing of the next day. AT the assembling of the Committee, at the appointed hour on the following day, Mr. Shepard made a positive demand for the entire time. Mr. Moon, in behalf of the representatives of the National Reli-gious Liberty Association, and THE AMERI- CAN SENTINEL, present, and wishing to be heard, said that he merely desired to in-sist upon an equal right to a hearing, but that when that should be granted was entirely at the discretion and con-venience of the Committee. It was de-cided that still another hearing should be had on the following day, at which the views of those who opposed congressional action on this subject might be presented. Rev. Mr. Ramsdell, of the District of Columbia, then continued for the Sabbath Union, and presented the following pro-vision for insertion in the appropriating clause of the World's Fair Appropriation bill :Š Ł Provided, however, that no part of the sum ap-propriated by this section shall be paid until the corporation organized under the laws of the State of Illinois, known as "The World's Exposition of Eighteen Hundred and Ninety-two," and said World's Columbian Commission, shall stipulate in writing that the said Exposition shall not be opened to the public on Sundays. Mr. Ramsdell took the position that he, and some others, demanded that any ex-position supported in the slightest degree from money taken from them by taxation should be closed on Sundays, forgetting that on no other plea than a religious conviction could such a stand as that be taken, and that therefore his own plea took the matter out of the jurisdiction of Congress. The only other point presented by this gentleman was all that was asked in the case was the insertion of " Sundays ex-cepted; " no more, no less, than in the Constitution. Forgetting again that "Sun-days excepted" in the Constitution is a simple recognition of an inherent right of an individual, while the provision asked for is a' positive prohibition of the exercise of inherent rights by many millions of individuals. Rev. A. W. Pitzer, of Washington City, then poured the oil of a peaceful disposition on the troubled sea of discus-sion. He thought that controversy should be avoided. Whether the measure pro-posed was good or bad legislation, and whether it was constitutional the Com-mittee could decide. But the petitions of of ten millions of people ought to be re-spected. Rev. T. A. Fernley, of Philadelphia, followed. He thought this the greatest question ever brought before the Ameri-can people, for in it rested the protection of American institutions. He assured the Committee that they, as congressmen, were sent to represent Christianity in the councils of the Nation. Rev. Dr. Atherton continued the pre-sentation of similar views, as a represent-ative of the Presbytery of Philadelphia, containing' seventy-two churches, with a membership of thirty-two thousand com-municants. Elliott F. Shepard, of New York, then occupied the remainder of the time in the reading of a brief, with oc-casional comment. Mr. Shepard's brief began with the statement that " The Christian sentiment of the country de-sires to have introduced into H. R. Bill No. 6593, or any bill which may take ,its place, the proviso that the Columbian Exhibition shall not be opened to the public on Sundays." The different points offered were " 1. Such a proviso is consti-tutional. 2. It is expedient for Con- 