 100 AMERICAN SENTINEL.       a strong evidence that they are the laws of a Christian people, and that their religion is the best and purest of religions? It is strong evidence that their religion is in-deed a religion "without partiality," and therefore a re-ligion "without hypocrisy." True Christianity asks no aid from the sword of civil authority. It began without the sword, and wherever it has taken the sword it has perished by the sword. To depend upon civil authority for its enforcement is to acknowledge its own weakness, which it can never afford to do. It is able to fight its own battles. Its weapons are moral and spiritual, and not carnal. Armed with these and these alone, it is not afraid nor "ashamed" to be compared with other reli-gions, and to withstand them single-handed. And the very reason why it is not so afraid or "ashamed" is, that it is not the "power of man" but the "power of God" on which it, depends. True Christianity never shields it-self behind majorities. Nero, and the other persecuting Roman emperors, were amply supported by majorities, and yet the pure and peaceable religion of Christ in the end triumphed over them all; and it was only when it attempted itself to enforce religion by the arm of au-thority, that it began to wane. A form of religion that cannot live under equal and impartial laws ought to die, and sooner or later must die. Legal Christianity is a solecism, a contradiction of terms. When Christianity asks the aid of government beyond mere impartial protection, it denies itself. Its laws are divine and not human. Its essential interests lie beyond the reach and range of human governments. United with government, religion never rises above the merest superstition; united with religion, government never rises above the merest despotism; and all history shows us that the more widely and completely they are separated, the better it is for both. Religion is notŠmuch less is Christianity or any other particular system of religionŠnamed in the preamble to the Constitution of the United States as one of the de-clared objects of government; nor is it mentioned in the clause in question, in our own Constitution, as being es-sential to anything beyond mere human government. Religion is "essential" to much more than human gov-ernment. It is essential to man's spiritual interests, which rise infinitely above, and are to outlive,-all human governments. It would have been easy to declare this great truth in the Constitution; but its framers would have been quite out of their proper sphere in making the Declaration. They contented themselves with.declaring that religion is essential to good government; providing for theprotection of all in its enjoyment, each in his own way, and providing means for the diffusion of general knowledge among the people. The declaration is, not that government is essential to good religion, but that religion is essential to goodgovernment. Both proposi-tions are true, but they are true in quite different senses. Good government is essential to religion for the purpose declared elsewhere in the same section of the Constitu- tion, namely, for the purpose of mere protection. But religion, morality and knowledge are essential to gov-ernment in the sense that they have the instrumentali-ties for producing and perfecting a good form of govern-ment. On the other hand, no government is at all adapted for producing, perfecting, or propagating a good religion. Religion, in its widest and best sense, has most, if not all, the instrumentalities for producing the best form of government. Religion is the parent, and not the offspring, of good government. Its kingdom is to be first sought, and good government is one of those things which will be added thereto. True religion is the sun which gives to government all its true lights, while the latter merely acts upon religion by reflection. Properly speaking, there is no such thing as "religion of state." What we mean by that phrase is, the religion of some individual, or set of individuals, taught and en-forced by the state. The state can have no religious opinions; and if it undertakes to enforce the teaching of such opinions, they must be the opinions of some natu-ral person, or class. of persons. If it embarks in this bus-iness, whose opinion shall it adopt? If it adopts the opinions of more than one man, or one class of men, to what extent may it group together conflicting opinions? or may it group together the opinions of all? And where this conflict exists how thorough will the teaching be? Will it be exhaustive and exact, as it is in elementary literature and in the sciences usually taught to children? and, if not, which of the doctrines or truths claimed by each will be blurred over, and which taught in preference to those in conflict? These are difficulties which we do not have to encounter when teaching the ordinary branches of learning. It is only when we come to teach what lies "beyond the scope of sense and reason"Šwhat from its very nature can only be the object of faithŠthat we encounter these difficulties. Especially _ is this so when our pupils are children, to whom we are compelled to assume a dogmatical method and manner, and whose faith at last is more a faith in us than in anything else. Suppose the state should undertake to teach Christian-ity in the broad sense in which counsel apply the term, or the "religion of the Bible," so as also to include the Jewish faith,Šwhere would it begin? how far would it go? and what points of disagreement would be omitted? If it be true that our law enjoins the teaching of the Christian religion in the schools, surely, then, all its teachers should be Christians. Were I such a teacher, while I should instruct the pupils that the Christian re-ligion was true, and all other-religions false, I should tell them that the law itself was an unchristian law. One of my first lessons to the pupils would show it to be un-christian. That lesson would be: "Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them; for this is the law and the prophets." I could not look the veriest infidel or heathen in the face, and say that such a law was just, or that it was a fair specimen of Christian 