272 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American 'Sentinel. NEW YORK, APRIL 28, 1898. THE only thing that Jesus Christ ever did in the way of using force among men was to take a "whip of small cords" and cleanse the temple of God. He used forceŠor its equiv-alentŠto drive worldly men out of the temple of God; but to-day his professed representatives want to use force to drive worldly men into that temple. "You can, no more run a war on benevolent principles than you can let a gun go off easy." So says a leading secular journal of this city; but a good many of the clergymen are trying to convince the people that war can be conducted on Christian principles. DREW THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY, in Madison, N. J., is threatened with the necessity of closing up because nearly all the theological students want to go to the war to fight. A secular journal makes note of the fact with the appropriate remark that the ten-der of their services constitutes "what is perhaps the most unique offer that Uncle Sam has yet received." A CORRESPONDENT who is a staunch friend of religious liberty takes excep-tion to the application made in a recent SENTINEL of the prophecy of Isaiah 60. He thinks that if it is true that this prophecy applies to the church of Christ, the position of Na-tional Reform advocates must be correct. We believe it will only be necessary in reply to remind him that the fundamental feature of the Na-tional Reform program is the coer-cion of worldly people to the observ-ances of religion by incorporating the latter in the "fundamental law of the land"; while the prophecy in question presents the Gentiles as being drawn to the church because of the bright light which she reflects from the glory of God. There is no hint of coercion in it. It is the gospel prin- ciple that is set forth of drawing men from the world through the manifes-tation of the power and gloryŠwhich is the goodnessŠof God. National Reform coerces people, Christianity wins them. Here is the vital distinc-tion between the two. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL does not assume the position of an adviser of this or any other civil government. We say this in reply to the assertion some have made that the SENTINEL was trying to run the Government, while telling Christians that they could not properly take part in po-litical affairs. If this were true, the SENTINEL'S position would of course be very inconsistent; but it is not true. The SENTINEL says that civil government should not do certain things which constitute an interfer-ence with natural rights. This is not saying how the government should be run, but only how, as regards these rights, it should not be run. And it says this from the standpoint of Christianity; not as taking part in civil government, but as stating to 'men the divine truth which was summed up by Jesus Christ in the words, "Render therefore unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." And it says these things to men in order that they may escape the condemna-tion and disaster which a different course from that set forth in these words of Christ must bring upon them. AN Episcopal church in Detroit, says the New York Sun, gave this no-tice in an inscription nailed over its door, the evening of the 20th:-- "This church will be open for pray-ers until Spain answers." The pastor and a number of the more devoted of his congregation, says the Sun, "assembled in the church at an early hour this morn-ing, and throughout the day [April 21], at intervals of one hour, they besought the Almighty to avert war. The almost continuous service will continue to-morrow; but now that a conflict is inevitable, their invoca- tions will be in behalf of the Michigan troops and the honor of the country. Other churches expect to begin sim-ilar services." Of course, to pray in behalf of the troops sent to the war, and for the "honor of the country," is to pray that the troops may do some good fighting; since the better fighting they do, and the more of the enemy's ships and cities are sunk and cap-tured, the more "honor" will there be in it for the victorious party. First, then the church prays that there may be no fighting; but that prayer not being answered, it turns and prays that there may be real hot fighting, such as the "honor" of the troops and of the country requires. Just where the consistency isŁ in such pro-cedure is not clear to us. A STATE of war now exists between the United States and the govern-ment of Spain. And as Spain is allied with the papacy, there being in Spain a close union of church and state, the American government is virtually at war with the papacy. We would sug-gest therefore to thok whom it may concern, that the occasion be im-proved by repudiating papal institu-tions and ideas which have fastened themselves upon any branch of the national or state governments; such, for example, as laws for the enforce-ment of Sunday observance. The papal origin of such laws is unques-tioned; and being of papal descent, there can be no question as to their un-American character. MISSIONARIES of the American Board in Spain have removed to France for safety, in view of the withdrawal of governmental protection from Amer: icans residing on Spanish soil. The Omnipotent, however, is still there to protect those who put their trust in Him. SPAIN is still working to 'gain the sympathy of Europe in her attitude towards this country and Cuba; but she is not likely to reap any practical benefit from the effort. 