294 ANICIPIIEZICA_N VoL. il, No. 37. the steadying force in history, and that can-not be lost out of life national or individual with any degree of safety. The notion of accountability to mere human authority is often efficient, since it keeps the sentry on his beat, the cashier at his desk, and the cap-tain on the bridge. But humanity is also taken account of by a heavenly tribunal, and therefore the most solemn reflection that can ever cross the mind of a human being is, as Webster realized, the persistent thought: " I must answer God!" TRUE LIBERTY. [Bible Echo (Melbourne, Australia), July 20, 1896.] IF all men would recognize the rights of their fellowmen, and live up to the Golden Rule, there would be perfect and univeral civil and religious liberty. Selfishness, which is simply,  covetousness, or a violation of the tenth commandment, is the root of all evil. Selfishness leads men to encroach upon and disregard the rights of others. It is this that leads to all tyranny, persecution, and sorrow in the world. Gratification of self to the dis-regard of the rights and needs of others, leads to all sorts of evil; to the bondage and slavery to self, to the following of false customs, to pernicious habits, and to the keeping of the commandments and traditions of men, which make void the law of God. Jesus Christ came into the world to set men free from selfishness, and to plant in our souls the genuine principles of libertyŠsupreme love to God, and equal love to our fellowmen. These principles are right, and the two great commandments enjoining their observance are right, for God is our Creator, and our neigh-bor's rights are equal to our own. "If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." A man governed by these princi-ples and possessing this freedom, will have the moral power not to follow in the wake of the majority when the majority go wrong, neither will he try to coerce others to act and think as he does. Love is gospel liberty. Love is God's law. Love is true religion. THE SABBATH QUESTION IN A KENTUCKY DAILY. [The following from the Morning Herald of Lexing-ton, Ky., date of Aug. 31, is by a writer for that paper just returned from his vacation.] SINCE I have been away I notice Sunday base ball has become quite a fad in Lexington and I understand that nearly two thousand people attended the game yesterday afternoon, played by the Lexingtons and Paris. I also learned that Brother McG arvey preached against Sunday base ball last night. The Young People Christian Endeavor Society of the Central Christian Church and several other societies also took action yesterday on what is considered the desecration of the sabbath. I know I will have all the preach-ers in Lexington down on me when I say that there is absolutely no authority in either the Old or the New Testament for observing Sunday as the Sabbath. Sunday is a man-made sabbath and man did not keep it as the Sabbath until several centuries after the crucifixion of Jesus. The Jewish Sabbath (the seventh day) is the only day set apart by God as the Sabbath. Nor did God impart this command in a second-hand way. He wrote it twice on tablets of stone. The first time he wrote it, Moses, upon seeing the childern of Israel worship- ping the golden calf after he had come down from Mt. Sinai, got mad and threw the stones on the ground breaking them in pieces. Again did God write the ten commandments on tablets of stone and this time Moses did not break them. In order that some of my doubting friends may think that man can designate any day in the week and keep it as the Sabbath, I will quote the commandment as twice written by the Great Jehovah, the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, the great I Am, the God of the Christian world, the Father of Jesus the Christ, and the one alone who is all-powerful, all-knowing, omniscient and who has existed for all time and who will continue to exist forever:Š Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy ; six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it. It seems to me that is very plain English and how anybody can substitute the first day of the week for the Sabbath and at the same time say they believe what God himself wrote, is more than I can understand. The ten commandments, of which this is one, com-prise all that the Great Jehovah ever wrote, so far as we have any record. It is true that Moses saw him face to face in the burning bush before the thunders of Sinai announced to the great Israelite that he was ready to write with his own fingers that code of moral law which to-day is the basis of all our laws, except Sunday laws. It will be observed that God gives a specific reason for observing the seventh day as the Sabbath, and our modern Christians by insisting on the observance of Sunday, indirectly say that God didn't know what he was talking about when he made the seventh day the Sabbath, and that any other day will do just as well. To carry this reasoning to its logical sequence one might add to several of the commandments. For instance: Thou shalt not kill any of thine own household." " Thou shalt not steal from citizens of thine own country," etc. While this Sunday question is up, I would like for some of the learned divines to tell me who first designated Sunday as the Sabbath, and how it was observed, and what penalties were inflicted for its non-observance, and what provisoes were made for seed time and harvest, and in fact all the information re-garding the changing of the will of God on this subject into the will of man. It would make interesting reading and would give the people information which thousands of them do not now possess. NEWS AND NOTES. REV. P. A. BRADFORD, a Congregational minister in Lanesboro, Mass., has resigned his charge, as the result of pressure brought to bear upon him on account of his political sentiments. A RESIDENT of Englewood, N. J., has been prose-cuted for playing golf on Sunday, under the provi-sions of the Vice and Immorality Act of that State. The case was brought before Recorder Fellowes, and the latter dismissed it, with this comment:Š "If this antiquated law were rigidly enforced, life in this community would be intolerable, and Engle-wood would be a place from which we would all be glad to escape. AS long as I am on this bench I will interpret Sabbath observance from a modern stand-point, and I will not find anybody guilty of violating  the statutes simply on the ipse dixit of a local officer, or for the purpose of gratifying anybody's personal spite." There is room in the United States for more court officials of this kind. A WINE manufacturer of Elmira, N. Y., has under-taken to test the Raines liquor law of the State, by bringing a suit against two churches for using fer-mented wine in the sacramental services on Sunday. As the law forbids any corporation, association, co-partnership or person to give away any liquor on Sunday, it looks as though the case against the churches might be sustained. THE following observation made recently by the Christian Commonwealth, of London, fits the situation in this country about as well as that in England:Š " There seems to be just now a mania for flattering the Pope. It is very difficult to account for this fool-ery amongst Protestants. But then the English are never very manly unless they actually feel the sting of persecution." A BARBER in New York City who ventured to cut hair after 1 P. M. on Sunday, Sept. 6, was arrested when his job was half completed, as a violator of the Sunday law. The complaint against him was made by a rival barber in his vicinity. To the arrested barber he said, " Your customer wanted me to cut his hair, and when I refused, because it was Sunday, he went to you. I couldn't stand that, you know." A PANAMA dispatch, dated September 7, states that " the holy see has appointed an apostolic delegate to Nicaragua, with the idea of establishing better and closer relations between the ecclesiastical and civil authorities." In the United States the " apostolic delegate " is sent for the ostensible purpose of se-curing unity in the Catholic Church ; but in the case of a country like Nicaragua, it is not deemed necessary to make any concealment of the delegate's real mission. THE contest between Church and State in Ecuador, which has been in progress for some months, has re-sulted in the triumph of the "revolutionary" or anti-papal party; but the Roman Catholic party being ir-reconcilably opposed to the Church's loss of State favors and support, and the Jesuits and priests who had left the country having been invited to return and resume their baleful functions, it is to be feared that the triumph of the liberal spirit will be short-lived. IN St. Louis, Mo., the papal church authorities are manifesting their devotion(?) to the principle of reli-gious freedom by promulgating a "law" for Catho-lic laymen requiring that they must send their chil-dren to Catholic schools and on no account to the public schools, under pain of being refused absolu-tion for their sins if they fail to comply. The deci-sion has been the subject of much comment. Other "laws" promulgated at the same time forbid mem-bership in masonic or other secret societies under pain of excommunication, and debar Catholics from sing-ing in Protestant church choirs. THE Illinois Supreme Court, Appellate Division, has decided that plowing in a field on Sunday is not a disturbance of the peace and good order of society, even though done within the view of persons going to or from church. The defendant in the case was a Seventh-day Adventist, and the Supreme Court deci-sion reverses the decision of the Circuit Court, from which appeal bad been made. Rendered in the face and doubtless with full knowledge of the United States Circuit Court decision against R. M. King, an-other Seventh-day Adventist, for precisely the same " offense," this decision must be regarded as signi-ficant. 