"I AM SURPRISED," Says Prof. E. A. Sheldon, Presto-dent of the New York State Normal School, Oswego, "that so much that is valuable for one to know is brought into so small a compass, and sold for so small a price." Yes, The NEW WEBSTER DICTIONARY and COMPLETE VEST-POCKET LIBRARY is full of happy surprises. It successfully combines in one small volume of vest-pocket size, A Dictionary of 45,800 words, A Complete Parliamentary Manual, (Based on Roberts' and Cushing's) A Literary Guide, etc. --FOR THE VEST-POCKET OR THE WRITING DESK.-- Simple, - - Handy, - - Reliable. Just what everybody needs for every-day use. DO NOT DELAY TO ORDER. Sent post-paid as follows:Š FINE SILK CLOTH, Red edges, - 25 cents. MOROCCO, Gold edges, - - - - 60 cents. EXTRA MOROCCO, With Perpetual Mem-orandum, Three - Years Calendar, Stamp Holder, etc.. - - - 60 cents. All three styles are indexed. ŠADDRESSŠ PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City. BI BLES Ł.Ł - I Ł 1-1Ł LŁ EŁ Ł A LAR6tE AND VARIED STOCK. Send for Catalogue to PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, Oakland, Cal. New York City. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE A DICTIONARY, And -Alphabetical Index TO THE BIBLE. Cloth Binding, - With "Sentinel," -ADDRESS- PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. STRAWBERRY Plants. 1 doz. each of 8 best kinds by mail for $1.00. Circular free.  J. PAYNE, Jeddo, N. Y.   126 A,10111bM C A.N Von. 10, No. 16. veloped gloriously. Yet it is far from the purpose of the pope to indorse these free in-stitutions themselves. On the contrary, " it would," he says, " be very erroneous to draw the conclusion that in America.is to- be sought the type Of the most desirable status of the church; or that it would be universally lawful or expedient for the State and Church to be, as in America, dissevered and divorced. The church would bring forth more abundant fruits if, in addition to liberty, she enjoyed the favor of the laws and the patronage of the pub-lic authority." We ought to mark well these words of Leo XIII. They are the key to the correct under-standing of the whole remaining portion of his message, and clearly and plainly betray the pope's actual intentions toward our country. He certainly does approve of this, that his church enjoys the greatest liberty under our free institutions, but he is not at all satisfied with this state of affairs; he demands more. Naturally the complete and fundamental sep-aration of Church and State existing in the United States is an abomination to him and a thorn in his eyes. The lawfulness of such a status is what he denies in emphatic terms. He only submits to it because he must, and because it is expedient for him to make the best of, and put up with, the existing condi-tion of affairs. His ideal is still the union of Church and State, or rather the superiority of the former, that is, his sect, over the latter. The laws of the State are to favor his church, and, naturally, his exclusively; and the public authorities are to patronize her and be sub-servient to her. Such would be, in the eyes of the pope, the normal status, and to bring about this status is the aim and object of his endeavors. All else he elaborates on in his encyclical and lays near the hearts of his people, is to serve the final purpose of hastening and ma-terializing the Catholicity of these United States. . . . There is no necessity for still further follow-ing the tracks of the encyclical. What the pope urges the Catholic citizens of this coun-try to consider, what lie has to say about labs r organizations, his admonitions to , Catholic newspaper writers,Šall this is in itself of no value to us and does not influence our way of thinking and acting. They are of interest and importance to us, only in so far as these utterances too are colored throughout with the same wish and mind of the pope we have just portrayed, and his design to bring our whole American nation in subserviency to him. And for this reason the latest papal encyclical is a significant sign of the times,, whereby we again may learn to understand that the great-est enemy of our nation and its liberty is, and will remain until the end of time, the popedom at .8ome,,an institution of the devil. DANGEROUS LEGISLATION. IT has generally been conceded that the State has the authority to declare legal holi-days. This winter the State of Minnesota has added another to the list, in declaring that the birth day of Lincoln is to be a legal holiday. And as long as legislative bodies are content to leave the matter with the simple declaration that such and such days are to be legal holidays, and then leave everybody free to observe them or not, it will make very little difference to the average citizen. But should they attempt by legislative enactment to prescribe how these days shall be observed, and make certain acts, in themselves legiti-mate, misdemeanors because done on these days, they would then invade the inalienable rights of the people. And if they should go  so far as to formulate a round of solemn, sacred acts of religious: worship,, imposing penalties of fines and imprisonments for cer-tain acts of amusements, sports, and pastimes, they would then enter the realm of conscience, the realm of religion, which would not only be an invasion,  of the civil rights of the people, but it would be an attempted usurpation of the divine prerogatives of the mind; an ex-alting of the State above the religious con-victions of the individual, a gross usurpation of authority. , Now all this is just what is being attempted in the legislature of Minnesota. Attempted, I say; at least a bill has been introduced by Representative Downs, to compel the decorous observance of Memorial Day until five o'clock in the afternoon. The first seventeen hours of the day are to be set apart for " sacred, solemn, and patriotic exercises; " while those who would engage in such sports as racing with horses, boats, or bicycles, or play any games, or attend any game of baseball or football, or other sports, on that day, before five o'clock in the afternoon, will be subject to a fine of from $10 to $100, or from ten to thirty days' imprisonment, or both. In commenting on this measure, the Pio-neer Press of St. Paul, asks the question, "Is Minnesota to have a set of Blue Laws ? " It pronounces the measure " The grossest pro-posal to interfere with personal liberty that has been heard of in the State;" and adds that the presentation of such a measure is evidence of how far these paternalistic ideas have " carried us back toward the days of tyranny of opinion and the fettering of the individual." These are sound words and should serve to arouse the thoughtful reader, and lead the people to be more jealous of their rights lest they expire in a convulsion. Those, who are 'acquainted with the history of the downfall of the republic of Rome, do not need to be told that we are living over again the history of that republic. H. F. PHELPS. St. Paul, Minn. "PERFECTION GRAHAM FLOUR" The Battle Creek Bakery Coinpany, Manufacturers of Health Foods; Crackers, Biscuits, etc., Have recently perfected and added to their list of Health Foods another very important article in this line, known as " Perfection Graham Flour." We claim for this all that its name hmlies, and the result of using it is a PERFECT HEALTH FOOD BREAD,Šthe one thing desired by every good housekeeper. To every, purchaser of a barrel of this flour we mall free a carefully prepared formula with full directions for making PERFECTION GRAHAM BREAD. Price Per Barrel, $4.0 F. 0. B. Battle Creek, Mich. 0 N Wo are the sole manufacturers of CEREOLA, The King of Health Foods. Our foods are 'not surpassed in purity, quality of material used, and workmanship, by any in the market, and orders for them come 'from various parts of the world. Send all remittances by money order, express 'order, regis-tered letter, or bank draft. No private checks accepted. Address all orders to BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO., Battle Creek, Plieh. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath; so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City, 