MAY 9, 1895. A.1011E.ILLICA.INT SIRN'TINML. - 149 :or write. In. Lisbon, where most of the fuss referred to was made, there is a population of .612,000, of whom 394,338 are unable to read or Write. It is not surprising that, although the census was taken five years ago, the gov-ernment has only just made up its mind to publish these: figures, which it would be hard ':to beat in any country of the world claiming to be civilized. . Ł UNCHRISTLIHE AND SELFISH. BY A. SMITH. NATIONAL. REFORMISM and its coadjutant Sabbbath reformism, when carried to their legitiinate conclusion, furnish an ,example of Selflghness and unfairness, that, were they not clothed in a religious garb, would invite ab-horrence where now they receive the meed of approval. The movement, though professedly in the interests of Christianity and humanity, is Ł diametrically opposed to both, as I will endeavor to show. On a certain occasion when Christ journeyed toward Jerusalem, .the citizens of a village in Samaria reftised to receive him -as a guest. two of his disciples implored him to call down fire from heaven upon the villagers as a punishment for their inhospitality. " But he turned, and rebuked them, and said, Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of. For the Son of man is not come to destrOy men's lives, but to save them." Luke 9:55, 56. It may be clearly seen from the foregoing quotation that Jesus meekly submitted to an affront, and rebuked his disciples for not doing :so. The spirit that actuated them was the spirit of the devil, while he was moved by the Spirit of God. The whole tenor of Christ's teaching is one of persuasion, and not of Coercion. Said he to the Pharisees, " I judge no man." John 8: 15. And again, " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12: 47. The work committed to the gospel minister is not one to be advanced by carnal force or resistance, but by persuasion and sub-mission, even to the extent of suffering if need be; and the minister who leaves his God-given commission to inspire a political crusade in the supposed interests of religion, is actuated, not by the Spirit of Christ, but by the same spirit that prompted the disciples in calling for vengeance upon a village of Samaria. That National Reform is unfair and selfish, is exhibited in many ways, chiefly in the per-sistent demand for more stringent Sunday laws by which ordinary labor or traffic nlay be curtailed, and recreation forbidden by pro-hibiting the running of Sunday excursion trains and boats, whereby the members of their churches, and others, having spent six days in grimy, dusty shops, or in hard labor over the wash or ironing board, are denied the pleasure of a cheap ride into the country on Sunday, where the Scenery and the air are so recuperative of worn strength of body and mind, and are shut up in the city where re-laxation from toil and pestilential associations cause crime to flourish as in a hotbed; while, perhaps, the ministers and shepherds of the flocks are away at some lakeside spending days or weeks at a time with their families, sur-rounded with restful comforts, waited upon by, domestics, and receiving reverent attention from many.,If these same ministers would deny themseves such pleasures for at least half the time, and send, at their own expense, some of the poor widows and orphans of their flocks to the Jakeside, they would still have the advantage of not being compelled to labor  in grimy shops, and might receive some credit for sincerity and Christlike benevolence. Jesus said, " The Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister." Mark 10: 45. "It is enough for the disciple that he be as his master, and the servant as his lord." Matt. 10: 25. " As He is, so are we in this world." 1 John 4: 17. It is true that Protestant National Reform has of late lost some of its lustre, because the greater effulgence of Roman Catholicism from whence it borrowed its light, has arisen upon our country to control its political and re-ligious element; and Roman Catholicism is National Reformism in principle, simon-pure. It is too late to reform the religio-political body, but not too late for those who will be warned to escape the thralldom. MORE PRESS, COMMENTS ON TENNESSEE PERSECUTIONS. BIGOTRY and fanaticism are running riot in some parts of Tennessee. In Rhea County the Seventh-day Adventists, a quiet and very devout people, are being systematically prose-cuted (or, more properly,. persecuted) for not observing Sunday as Sabbath, they believing that Saturday (the seventh day) is the day that they are commanded to keep holy. .Quite a number of these people are now serving out sentences in jail for doing ordinary work on Sunday, though they religiously observe Sat-urday. Tennessee may some day become far enough advanced in civilization to adopt the law of Illinois, which expressly says that "This section" (in reference to Sunday ob-servance) " shall not be construed . . . to prevent the due exercise of the rights of conscience by whomever thinks proper to keep any other day as a Sabbath."ŠThe Cuba (Ill.) Journal, April 19. Town Talk exchange table is in receipt of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, published at New York, in the interest of the Seventh-day Adventists, and especially against religious in-tolerance.- The SENTINEL, we should judge, is a splendid American citizen, and some of its utterances are based on the soundest judg-ment. It tritely says, for example:Š He who fails to protest against the persecution of his neighbor, thereby virtually forfeits the right to protest when he is himself persecuted. The first page of the SENTINEL is confined to an illustration of the county jail at Dayton, Rhea County, Tenn., together with an article regarding the imprisonment therein of five Seventh-day Adventists on the charge of vio-lating the Sabbath. The SENTINEL says the article " is not to create sympathy for them. They do not need it. If their faith is not worth suffering for, it is not worth profess-ing." If the Adventists find it impossible to put up with the bigotry of Tennessee, and some other of the sleepy old towns, they are cor-dially invited to pull up stakes and come to Bay City. So far as known the Seventh-day Adventists make the best of citizens. The poor houses and jailsŠexcept the Rhea County jailŠWould have little to do, if they depended on this sect. They are a good and enterpris-ing people and a credit to any well-regulated community. ŠMorrison' s Town Talk, Bay City, Mich., April 20. WE have received a copy of the AMERICAN SENTINEL containing a cut' of the county jail at Dayton, Rhea County, Tenn., in which is confined ten of the best citizens of that county because they are Seventh-day Adventists.  These people have not committed a crime, but they were tried and ,convicted because they believed that under the Constitution of the United States they had a right to worship God as they saw fit; but it seems that in Tennessee not only is the Constitution of the State, but of the United States defied. The Seventh-day Adventists keep Saturday instead of Sunday. They have the evidence' of Holy Writ on their side, for the Bible states plainly that " God created the world in six days and on the sev-enth he rested from his labors!' In many places in the Bible the statement, is made that the seventh day is the Lord's dayŠor day of rest. The Jews keep Saturday for the Sab-bath. It is outrageous that in the nineteenth century good Christian citizens should be per-secuted for religion's sake. It is the plain duty of every denomination to protest in thun-der tones against persecution for religion's sake. If Seventh-day Adventists can be per-secuted and cast into jailŠJews, Protestants, CatholicsŠno denomination, is safe. It is strange that a supreme court could be- found to uphold such a sentence. The matter should be taken to the Supreme Court of the United States and a lesson taught the courts of Ten-nessee.ŠSouth Chicago Daily Calumet, April 15. CONGRESS shall make no law respecting the establishment of religion, 'or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.Š United States Consti-tution. If it is wrong for Congress to make an above described law, it is wrong for the State to make one. \Are read quite frequently of the impridln-ment of just and honest men for not observing Sunday as Sabbath. The Seventh-day Ad-ventists believe in keeping the seventh' day, Saturday, as the Sabbath. They have consid-erable Bible for their position, and, if any-thing is authority on the subject, it certainly is that Book. In this " free " United States, where one of the greatest of the " blessings of liberty " handed down to us by our forefathers is the liberty of conscience, we now see men' con-demned and imprisoned for conscience' sake. Shame! It is contrary to the Constitution and to the gospel. The Adventists have as much author-ity, under the Constitution, to try to compel other people to observe their day, as any State has to persecute(?)Šyes, perseeute the Advent-ists. The law which compels the observance of Sunday as the Sabbath is contrary to the Constitution of the United States, and should be repealed. We think the Reform press should 'give the laws prominence.ŠThe Enterprise, Greenfield, Mo., April 18. WE boast of our civilization, our liberality and all that sort of thing. We suppose that is all right. The Indian, the African savage and other low down tribes are given to self-laudation, too; but here comes the AMERICAN SENTINEL, containing an account of the imprisonment of eight persons, in jail, for the crime of believ-ing the seventh day of the week is the Sabbath instead of the first day. The' crime was not so much in the mere belief as in acting out that belief. So long as a man will profess one belief and act out another, if that other chances to be in accordance with popular opinion or superstition, that is, so long as he will openly manifest that he is a hypocrite, he is secure from arrest and imprisonment; but whenever he becomes honest enough and manly enough to-show his faith by his works and live out his 