-greiPuikan1111,11  224 THE AMERICAN- SENTINEL. vol. 7, No. 28. NEW YORK, JULY 21, 1892. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. AN amendment to the Sundry Civil bill, offered by Matthew Quay, of Penn-sylvania, conditioning the five million ap-propriation for the World's Fair upon Sunday closing, has passed the Senate. Š0Š THE Senate also passed, by a vote of 22 to 28, an amendment prohibiting the sale of intoxicating liquors within the Exposi-tion grounds, but the action of the follow-ing day nullified this, and the Sundry 'Civil bill went back to the House with the amendment attached conditioning the appropriation upon the Sunday clos-ing of the entire Exposition. It is, conse- quently, an article of the congressional creed of political religion that governmen-tal appropriations may be made in aid of liquor selling, six days in the week, pro- vided Sunday is religiously observed. The Sunday closing vote was made on political lines, only one Republican senator voting against the amendment. Š0Š THE congressional situation as It now stands,Šthe House having previously passed the proviso closing the Government exhibit on Sunday and the Senate having concurred,Šshows both Houses of Con-gress of the United States committed ir-revocably, in the affirmative, upon the question of religious legislation. And not only has Congress thus lent itself to the establishment of the gravest legislative error in violation of the First Amendment to the Constitution, and in complete sub-version of the principles of American in-stitutions as regards legislation respecting religion, but it has done so in such a man-ner that although a failure to agree upon the Senate proviso on the part of the House, or a refusal to accept the appro-priation, coupled with these conditions, by the World's Fair management, may de-feat the purpose of the attempted legisla-tion, and the Fair still be open, yet, the fatal step has been taken, and the Senate, the House, and the Supreme Court, have given their legislative and judicial sanc- tion to the assumption of a prerogative over religion by the Nation in its legisla-tive and judicial capacities. WHITELAW REID'S paper, the, Tribune, opposes the closing of even the Govern-ment exhibit at the Columbian Exposition  on the ground that such action would not represent "the wishes of the vast major-ity of the people." Upon this the Chris-tian Statesman remarks that " the only reliable tally of the `wishes' is the peti-tions" which have been presented. It has, however, been shown repeatedly that the petitions for the closing of the Fair are thoroughly unreliable, being stuffed and fraudulent in the extreme. Š0Š SOME three years ago the Union Signal, by a typographical error, spoke of the Civil Sundry bill as the " Civil Sunday bill." THE SENTINEL noted the error and took occasion to remark that the time would doubtless come when the appropria-tion bill known as the " Civil Sundry bill" would indeed be what our contem-porary had inadvertently called it, the " Civil Sunday bill." That time has come, for that bill now carries with it an appro-priation of over five millions of dollars conditioned on the observance of Sunday by the World's Columbian Exposition. Š0Š WHEN Senator Peffer bluntly remarked a few days since, that the talk in Con-gress about closing the World's Fair on Sunday was only hypocrisy, he expressed a truth, though an uncomfortable one. The Senator reminded his colleagues, who were so very solicitous about Sunday, that they not only received their mail twice upon that day, but were in the habit of going off on junketing expedi-tions on Sunday without any shock what-ever to the consciences which were so sensitive about the World's Fair. Š0Š THE real secret of the support which measures for the legal bolstering of Sun- day receive at the hands of Congressmen is thus stated by the World:Š The key of the whole matter lies right there. Congress is dealing with this question in a spirit of the most arrant hypocrisy. There are men there who sincerely believe it would be wrong to open the Fair on Sunday, and whose vote to forbid it will be conscientiously given. But the great majority of the members of both houses have no such scruples. They do not themselves observe Sunday as a Sabbath. They have no hesitation in doing what they please on that day. But they think that a loud profession of Sabbatarian views will commend them to constituents, and they are will-ing to embarrass the Fair and rob it of its best service to the multitude for the sake of falsely im-pressing constituents with their piety. And men calling themselves Christians, and even ministers of the gospel, love to have it so ! Š0-- THE Citrograph, a California paper, says :Š Adventists in Tennessee are being prosecuted because they choose to observe the seventh day of the week as Sabbath and to work on Sunday. It would strike an unprejudiced observer that a Sun-day law is a dangerous thing when such bigoted ac-tion as this is possible. The laws of our land should be freed from everything of a religious na-ture. The privilege of observing Sunday should be sacred to all, but forced upon none. Californians are an orderly, liberty-loving people opposed to Sunday laws from principle. That State formerly had a Sunday law, but when an attempt was made to make it an engine of religious persecution it was promptly repealed. Š0Š THE editor of the Mail and Express, the evening paper that prints each day a text of scripture in one column and tips for the races in another, made a speech on the Fourth of July, in which he said :Š A feature of journalism, which did not exist in our country till recently, is the Sunday edition. The Sunday edition is as foolish financially as it is wicked morally. The publishers and editors make a special effort to get out a large edition on Sunday, and take advertisements at nominal rates to fill up their pages. The same efforts and plans would succeed better if made for Wednesday or any other day. It seems as if in choosing Sunday for these special efforts the papers had been led by the devil. Certainly they were not led by the Lord, who com-mands all men everywhere to work six days of the week and to rest the seventh. The preparing, selling, buying and reading of the Sunday papers breaks and leads to the breaking of every one of God's laws, and keeps people away from church, so that it is as true now as it was when our glorious Lord was on the earth, that "the people can not come to Jesus because of the press." It is by such claptrap as this, and by pious juggling with words, that the cause of enforced Sunday rest is bolstered up and foisted upon the people as something essential to their well being. Š0Š THE following extract from a private letter from Springville, Tenn., under date of July 13, shows that the authorities of Henry County are pursuing the persecuted.  Adventists relentlessly. The writer of the letter says :Š The Deputy Sheriff came yesterday and took the spring wagon that John Dortch used to own, al- though he had sold it. The deputy (who will be the next sheriff) is doing all he can against the Ad-ventists. He says the sale of the wagon is not legal because it was made after Mr. Dortch was ar-rested. He says that they can take anything for the State costs that a man has except one hundred pounds of flour, and they propose to take enough to pay all the State costs. Evidently this deputy is a worthy ex-ponent of the Tennessee Sunday law. " BOvn's Philadelphia Business Direc-tory " for 1892, is one of the neatest and most complete things of the kind that we have ever seen. It is conveniently ar-ranged, is fully indexed, and is hand-somely and substantially bound. Busi-ness men and others in need of a business directory of Philadelphia should write to Boyd's Directory Office, Nos. 234 and 236 South Eighth Street, Philadelphia, for particulars ; we are not able to state the price. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of less than 100 copies, per year, each, - - 90e. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 