558 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Italian Court to Leave Rome. A NEW YORK CITY daily makes the remarkable state-ment that King Humbert, of Italy, is about to remove his court from Rome to Turin. This move, surprising in itself, becomes more noteworthy in view of the alleged reason, which is that he is driven to this step by the op-position of the Vatican. Pope Leo has known how to make his opposition to the Italian government effective. He has been strength- ening his influence with and his hold upon the royalty and nobility of Europe; and these, fearing to incur his displeasure by paying their respects to the Italian court, or wishing to avoid the embarrassment of trying to be friendly at once with two opposing powers in the same city, have in many instances refrained from visiting the king when in Rome and paid honor only to the pope (for of course they must do that); so that King Humbert and the Italian court have been ostracised by the crowned heads of Europe to a very humiliating degree. Seeing no prospect of relief for this awkward situation, the king it is said, has decided to move his court to Turin, where he will encounter little or no opposition, and where other sovereign will not embarrass themselves by paying him their respects. Of course the pope will be recognized as the supreme power in Rome after the seat of civil govern- ment has been removed, and this will be a fact of no small significance. The journal which is authority for these statements says "Although this news is calculated to create a great sensation abroad, yet it will astonish no one who is ac-quainted with the peculiar circumstances of the Italian court. In the first place, the Quirinal itself is under the ban of the church, with the exception of a small portion of the Palace, which has been added by the Italian gov-ernment since the pope was deprived of the possession thereof in 1870. This interdict of the church is not only a source of deep distress to Queen Marguerite, who is a fervent Catholic, but has even led King Humbert's own sister, the saintly Princess Clothilde, when she came to Rome to attend the deathbed of her husband, to decline to cross the threshold of the Quirinal, although she was perfectly willing and delighted to receive visits of the king and queen at the hotel where she had taken up her abode. "Nor is Princess Clothilde the only lady of the Italian royal family who manifests so great an aversion to the Quirinal. For even the young duchess of Aosta, who is married to the king's eldest nephew and eventual heir, who therefore will one day be queen of Italy, refused for more than a year after her marriage to visit Rome or to stay at the Quirinal for fear of offending the pope. "It is this same apprehension which has led to the court of King Humbert being ostracised by foreign sov-ereigns and royalties to an extent of- which few people can form an idea. Even Protestant monarchs hesitate to visit this city owing to theannoyances and difficulties entailed by the presence of two rival courts within its walls. Emperor William, King Oscar, and Prince Ferdi_  nand, of Bulgaria, are, in fact, the only sovereigns who have consented to face all these difficulties. ' "Emperor Francis Joseph, on the other hand, has found himself unable until now to return the visit paid to the Court of Vienna sixteen years ago by King Hum-bert and Queen Marguerite, the pope having threatened to close the doors of the Vatican to him and to withdraw his Nuncio from Vienna in the case of his accepting the hospitality of King Humbert at the formerly papal pal-ace of the Quirinal. "King Humbert's own nephew, the king of Portugal, was similarly prevented from paying a visit to his uncle at Rome, the pope having menaced him with a with-drawal of the veto which prevents the Portuguese clergy from taking part in the Legitimist movement against King Carlos. In fact, King Humbert and Queen Mar-guerite have been left entirely in the cold at the Quirinal by foreign royalties, whose visits have been few and far between. "When, in addition to this, the fact is taken into con-sideration that more than half of the population here, and especially the old aristocracy, contemptuously de-cline to take any notice whatsoever of their majesties when they drive through the streets, it will be under-stood readily that the king and queen feel themselves among strangers, and among surroundings that are not congenial. "At Turin the condition of affairs is entirely different. There the king and queen are among their own people, who are most loyally attached to them. The palace, which is the old home of their ancestors, possesses both a grandeur and a comfort which contrast strongly with the Quirinal, and finally, at Turin the Italian court will no longer be ostracised by the other reigning houses of Europe. "It is not proposed for the present to transfer either the legislature or the principal government departments to Turin. But the verylfact of King Humbert establish-ing his future home at Turin will go further than any-thing else toward the settlement of that troublesome Roman question, which, according to the admission of Italy's principal statesman, is one of the chief sources of danger to the kingdom." I. 1. Ł 4 4 THE Sabbath ibeing God's, it cannot be rendered to Cesar without putting him in the place of God. THATlis a suspicious kind of patriotism which shouts loudly for country but shuts its eyes to the doctrine of equal rights. A THOUSAND hard-won victories over the armed foes of home and country, are made useless when the nation departs, from the principles of free government. THE "powers that be" are commissioned to bear the sword; but the servant of Christ must put up his sword into its sheath. The civil power cannot represent ChristŁ 