li 111 ta 111111. "  11,11.041' 41.11op Equal and exact justice to all rgert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomoas Jeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 18, 1890. NUMBER 50. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED.  WEEKLY, BY THE: PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING; COMPANY, No. 93 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MC KEE. THE public schools are for all creeds, or Ł no creedŠCatholic,. Protestant or Agnos-tic; for all nationalities, native - born and foreignŠfor the American, the Irish-man, the German or Italian. This makes them impartial, secular arid comprehen-sive. No other system can exist in this country so long as it is republican in man-ner and form.ŠNational View. ŁŁ4-Ł  "BOTH the Decalogue, and codes of the most advanced governments," says Mr. Crafts, " forbid murder, thefts, adultery, false witness, and Sabbath work. Relig-ion renders to God the things that are God's by forbidding these things chiefly as sins against God; governments renders to CEesar the things that are Caesar's by forbidding them only as crimes against man." But a failure to keep Sunday is not a crime against man, and should not be made so by law. Sunday is religious, and to require its observance is to require the observance of a religious institution. "UNLESS morality is rooted in a reverent love of God, it will be driven before the sudden gusts of teMptation like 'rattling autumn leaVes' before the winter's winds. If' it looks upon religion as the best 'Chief of the police' merely, and not as the in-terpreter of everlasting verities it must of necessity be destitute of force. Short of the willing sacrifice of -Self to the righteous claimS of God, and the cheer-ful movement of the mind within the limits of a supreme law, there is no pure or durable morality, Religion is the root  of which the purest morality is the flower. The flower cannot exist without the root; and the root cannot exist and have vitality without the inflorescence in morality." And yet men imagine that the. State can teach morality, and that it can teach morals without teaching religion at that ! -4.  National Reform and the "'Civil Sab- bath." WITH its issue of October 2, the Chris-tian Statesman began a series of articles, to continue for three months, by Rev. W. F. Crafts, the "founder of the American Sabbath Union." It seems that the States- man is making a sort of a campaign out of it. Last year Mr. Crafts could say that he was not connected with the Na-tional Reform system; now, however, he is a thorough convert. He has gone the whole course. He has adopted the Na-tional Reform organ as principal channel of communication; he advocates the Na-tional Reform Amendraent to the Consti-tution of the United States to make this a Christian Nation, while asserting all the time that it is a Christian nation. In short, he advocates the whole National Reform scheme. This will appear as we proceed because we intend to notice from time to time such portions of the matter which he presents as may seem worthy of attention. The articles are to form a supplement to the two books already published by Mr. Crafts on the Sabbath question. The first article is entitled, " Is the Sabbath Sur-rendered ?" After mentioning a number of publications on the Sabbath question, he says that " the uninimity of these nu-merous books in recognizing the Decalogue as the basis and guide of Sabbath observ-ance, at once represents and strengthens the general conviction of British and American Christians that the Lord's day is also the Christian Sabbath." Two of the books which he mentions amongst the valuable ones are " The Abiding Sabbath," by Rev. George Elliot, of Washington City, and the " Lord's Day," by Professor A. E. Waffle, of Jamestr3v n, New York. These are two prize essays, the former $500, and the latter $1000. We have at this office a pamphlet of 173 pages, written by the editor of THE SENTINEL, which gives a thorough review of both these books. Anybody who will carefully read the books or this pamphlet either, will see clearly enough that so far as these books are concerned, the Sabbath of the Deca-logue has certainly been surrendered. This pamphlet will be sent any where in the United States or Canada on receipt of twenty cents.'  Mr. Crafts says that the Sabbath organ-izations which have recently multiplied in numbers all recognize the . perpetual au-thority of the Sabbath law of the Deca-logue, and that the lecturers on this sub-ject have "made the fourth commandment their leading theme," and " every lecturer for the Sabbath stands on that platform." Under the circumstances this is a grand admission. The last Sunday book which Mr. Crafts has issued is " The Civil Sab-bath." During his whole campaign of the present year,  he has made the civil Sabbath his constant theme, and now, at the end of his tours round about and across the Continent, he makes this positive an-nouncement, that every lecturer for the Sabbath stands on the platform of the fourth commandment and makes that his theme. This demonstrates by his own words that which we have constantly held, and which we have told the people all the time, that the plea made in behalf of the civil Sabbath is a fraud; and this shows also that they know it to be a fraud. But they know that they cannot win the favor of the people for their movement if they present it as it is, and as they know it is, in fact, in behalf of the religious Sunday; and therefore in their words they plead for the civil Sabbath, while in their hearts they know it is the religious Sun-day that they have in view. By this means they are enabled to win favor that it would be impossible for them to gain if they should plead for what they really want. And strange to say they 