AMERICAN SENTINEL. 299 pseudo-classical, and altogether illiberal administration of modern States abroad. Rome, as it appeared to me, might well stretch out a hand to England across the deadly Napoleonic regime that, by the confession of men like M. Taine, is strangling the life out of France and Italy. "The very fact that Leo XIII. had recognized through his legate in America the free Constitution of the United States with eulogy and admiration, was to me a proof of the kinship between the old English and the Catholic way of dealing with men. Could there be anything more de-sirable than to encourage a genuine understanding be-tween these two powers, one the supreme spiritual power, the other as truly progressive as conservative, and both alike opposed to anarchic revolution no less than to bureaucratic despotism? England was beginning to re-cover the elements of the Catholic religion; she had turned her feet into a pathway at the end of which was the apostles' shrine. Could not Rome hasten forth to meet her ?" The fact that Rome's agents speak out so plainly is very significant, showing that she is now sure of her ground. Whose Authority Do They Acknowledge ? THE Elizabeth (New Jersey) News, of March 18, prints a sermon delivered by "Father" James H. Brady, curate of St. Mary's Church of Elizabeth, deivered March 14, from which we quote the following:Š "Right here it is necessary for me to remind you that the day which you observe as Catholic Christians, and in fact which all others who claim to be Christians do ob-serve, is not the same day which is spoken of in this third commandment. If you look to the Bible as an authority for the observance of the day you will not find it. The Sabbath day spoken of in the Book of Exodus or in the Book of Deuteronomy, as well as the word "Sabbath," mentioned in the New Testament, has relation to the sev-enth day in the week and not to the first. "It is well to remind the Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists, and all other Christians outside of the pale of Mother Church that the Bible, the only authority which they recognize in matters of religion, does not support them anywhere in the observance of the Christian day, namely, Sunday. For them to call Sunday the Sabbath and speak of `Sabbath-school,' is arrant nonsense. The Seventh-day Baptists are the only ones who properly employ the term Sabbath, because they also observe the seventh and not the first day of the week as the day of rest. "The Christian Sunday is an institution of the Ro-man Catholic church, and those who observe the day ob-serve a commandment Of the Catholic church, and thus indirectly acknowledge the authority of that church to legislate in the name of God in all religious matters and her superiority over the Bible. For those who believe in the divine authority of the church the observance of Sun-day is but natural. Those, however, who otherwise re-fuse to acknowledge the authority of the Catholic church and yet observe Sunday and regard it as a Sabbath are foolishly inconsistent." Our Sunday-keeping brethren sometimes grow impa-tient when these oft-repeated statements of Roman Cath-olics are brought to their attention. They say, because Roman Catholics assert that to keep Sunday is to "indi-rectly acknowledge the authority of that church to legis-late in the name of God," does not make it so. This is quite true. But the assertion is supported by the follow-ing facts:- 1. The Bible says, the "seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." 2. It nowhere says the first day is the Sabbath. 3. With the Protestant the Bible is the sole and only authority. 4. The Bible furnishes no authority for the sanctifi-cation of the first day and the desecration of the seventh day. 5. The Roman Catholic church professes to furnish this authority on theground of "her superiority over the Bible." When Protestants therefore desecrate the Sabbath day contrary to the command of God, and in har-mony with the command of the Roman Catholic church, whose authority do they really acknowledge? They may assert that they do not acknowledge the au-thority of the Roman Catholic church, but whose author-ity do they acknowledge? It will not do to assert that the change from the sev-enth to the first day occurred before the Roman Catholic church came into existence. Theprinciples of the papacy were manifesting themselves in Paul's day, for he declared "the mystery of iniquity doth already work." There are some Protestants of prominence who admit the absence of a scriptural command for Sunday observ-ance.  "Binney's Theological Compend," published by the Methodist Book Concern, of this city, has this to say on this point:Š "This law [ten commandments] is spiritual and per-fect, extending to all the inward creations and outward acts of men, and can never be changed or annulled."ŠP. 153. "The seventh-day Sabbath was strictly observed by Christ and his apostles previous to his resurrection."ŠP. 170. "Jesus, after his resurrection, changed the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day of the week."ŠP. 171. "When Jesus gave instruction for this change, we are not told, but likely during the time when he spoke to his apostles of the things pertaining to his kingdom. Acts 1:3. This is probably one of the many unrecorded things which Jesus did."ŠP. 171. The reader will observe that this is the ground on which the Roman Catholic rests prayers for the dead, adoration of saints, purgatory, etc., etc. When asked to furnish a command of the Lord for these practices, the answer is made that the Lord instructed his church con-cerning these things, and consequently it was not neces sary to record them in the Bible; they come to us by tra 