294 CAW SIENTWINTIEL.e., VOL. 10, No. 37. PERSECUTION DENOUNCED. ANNA H. MC ADOW. ° THERE have lately fallen into my hands several copies of the SENTINEL wherein is recorded the arrests, trials and imprisonment of those who, according to the teaching of di-vine writ, conscientiously hold sacred the seventh day of the week and also conscien-tiously follow the command, " Six days shalt thou labor." That they thus do, proves them to be honest and industrious, and no more peaceable, temperate and law-abiding citizens can be found, and yet they are ma-liciously persecuted and robbed of their nat-ural, God-given rights. I never belonged to any church but the Methodists, but for years have lived in the mountains away from the conveniences of any church. Last winter, I spent several months in Denver and to be fair and unprejudiced, spent much time in visiting the different de-nominations and studying their doctrines. I tried to slight none; and among others the Adventists and Salvationists, although of widely different style and doctrine, came in for a liberal share of hearing. I was present at two meetings where Captain Blanche Cox of the Salvationists had charge and gave an address, and was truly interested in her earnest appeals for strong Christians, and I bought a sheet of " songs and choruses," upon which is her picture and which now lies before me. To-day I was disgusted with the knowledge of and yet pleased with the comment of the Col-orado Weekly Sun of July 3rd on the impris-onment for thirty days of said lady at Colo-rado Springs for holding open air meetingsŠcharged with disturbing the peace and given the extreme penalty for the " offense." It is headed " Unworthy of Colorado," and goes on to state that the day of religious per-secution is supposed to be gone by in civilized countries and that Captain Cox is known to be directing a wonderful force for the helping of fallen and discouraged men and women, and concludes by saying: " Captain Cox's impris-onment is an act that is a disgrace to Colorado Springs and the whole State. Her sentence is an insult to the cause of Christianity and a piece of persecution that men and women of all classes will bitterly resent. In the sense of right and justice, her release is demanded, while Coloradoans will blush to know that the shameful fact of the thirty days' impris-onment has been telegraphed abroad." Now these acts of persecution and imprison-ment should set thinking people to studying the whys and wherefores of such unchris-tian proceedings, as well as the question, Whither are we drifting? I say unchristian, for it is not the spirit of Christ. The meek and lowly Redeemer of the world, bade the avenger to put up his sword, and then lovingly healed the wound of his persecutor, and, even amid the agonies of the cross, cried, " Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do." If we be followers of Christ then must we be partakers of his char-acter and example. He is represented as the light of the world. If he be not our light then are we in dark-ness. When we fail to follow this true light, then are we not Christians, no matter how strong the delusion or how great the preten-sions. None such can be children of God, for " I and my Father are one." It takes but little reason to reach these conclusions. They are facts that are self-evident. If not of Christ we are of Satan. We cannot serve two masters, and the Bible is full of predictions of what shall be in the latter days. This feeling of intolerance never was of Christ. It is not love, but envy, jealousy and hate. It is born  of Satan and is the voice of the dragon. Think of Christ as a persecutor!,  He says, When I come I "will draw all men'unto me." How ? by fines, imprisonment, the chain-gang, torture and death? We know his char-acter. " How often would I have gathered thy children together, even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not! " He wept over Jerusalem. " Come unto me all ye that are weary and heavy laden and I will give you rest." Where do we find Christ cruel or arbitrary ? He says Come; he pleads, but never extorts. He is " the true light that lighteth every man that cometh into the world,"Šbut how few accept that light ? " The light shineth in darkness but the darkness comprehendeth it not. "Blessed are ye when men shall revile you, and perse-cute you, and say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake; rejoice, and be ex-ceeding glad; for great is your reward in heaven; for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you." Meeker, Col. UNWORTHY OF BAPTISTS. WE have been surprised at the number of Baptist papers that have attempted to justify the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists for private Sunday work. Several of these papers have manifested a spirit very far from Christian; and some have taken positions which are uttrly inconsistent with the past history of Baptists. The Baptist Reaper, of Martin, Tenn., in its issue of August 29, publishes the fol-lowing:Š In regard to the prosecution of Seventh-day Ad-ventists for violating Sunday laws, and consequent charge of religious persecution, a correspondent of the East Tennessee Baptist makes a good point, as follows: " Every citizen is to have perfect liberty to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. The Seventh-day Adventists claim that their con-sciences compel them to worship God on Saturday. No one has sought to prevent their doing so. Hence they are not persecuted." As some one else has well remarked, all this cry of persecution is simply a little scheme for advertising Adventism. The attempt of this modern sect to pro-duce martyrs is a miserable failure, and its plea is a fraud. The correspondent of the East Tennessee Baptist is evidently not informed in regard to the views of Seventh-day Adventists. Sev- enth-day Adventists hold that. Sunday is a rival institution to the true Sabbath; and that to observe it would be to violate the fourth commandment, which establishes a distinction between the Sabbath and all other days, and requires that all men shall respect that dis-tinction. For the Adventists to keep Sunday also would be the same as it would have been for the three Hebrews to have appeared to worship the image which the King of Babylon had set up. It is a very short-sighted view to take of the matter to assert that Adventists are left perfectly free to keep the Sabbath, when they are blen to work on Sunday. Would Baptists feel that they were left per-fectly free to practice immersion, if they were required to submit to sprinkling also? Would they not complain, and justly too, that their religious liberty was interfered with, their rights trampled upon? But Sunday is just as much a counterfeit of the Sabbath as sprink-ling is a counterfeit of baptism; and Sunday is just as much opposed to the Sabbath as sprinkling is to true baptism. The editor of the Reaper is evidently not well informed on Baptist history. He should read again the history of Massachusetts and of Virginia, and especially the life of Roger Williams, who was banished from .Massachu- setts for entertaining the opinion " that the magistrate might not punish a breach of the sabbath, nor any other offense that was a breach of the first table.* We are glad, however, that there are yet some true Baptists. " This little scheme for advertising Advent-ism," might be entirely frustrated if Sunday-keepers would only permit the Adventists to exercise equal rights with themselves. Our contemporary should remember the ninth commandment. '4* MORE PRESS COMMENTS CONCERNING RELI-GIOUS PERSECUTION. Freedom of Worship. [Morning Advertiser, New York, July 28.] THOSE religious zealots who have instigated the arrest of a Seventh-day Adventist near Baltimore for working on Sunday do the cause of Christianity grave harm by their absurd bigotry and fanaticism. It is not pretended that this person disturbed anybody or inter-fered with the liberty of anybody. It is ad-mitted that he is an industrious, upright and peaceable citizen. His sole offense is that he quietly pursues his secular avocations on Sun-day. He believes that Saturday is the day which the Bible commands should be kept as the Sabbath, and he carries this belief into practice by consistently spending nearly the whole of every Saturday in worship and prayer. If such a man is to be adjudged a criminal, then freedom of conscience and wor-ship in this Republic is the veriest sham. Sunday Statutes Wrong. [Die Rundschau, Chicago, July 10.] OUR readers are well aware of the position of the Rundschau with respect to Sunday laws generally, and of its opinion on the persecution of Adventists. It is our unwavering (persua-sion) conviction that in both cases the State far overrides its limits and commits things that bring down shame and ignominy upon our free country. It surprises us, that so in-telligently edited a paper as the St. Louis Anzeiger des Westen, does not unreservedly concede this, but at most demands " to exempt from the law of Sunday observance such whose religious conscience compels them to observe another day." The Adventists, by their Sunday labor, do nought destructive to the public veal. Even their enemies have not been able to adduce one single case of their having disturbed other people by their Sunday work, injured them in their natural rights and disturbed their Sun-day rest. Consequently, it is unjust for the State to prosecute them as criminals and to bring laws in operation against them mani-festly in contradiction with the letter as well as the spirit of the. American fundamental law, the Constitution. The State has no right to enact laws whereby the natural rights of its citizens are impaired, and if it has enacted such laws, then it be-comes the duty of the people to emphatically and decidedly urge their repeal. The State; with its legislation, is solely to provide that none of its constituents commit anything whereby the equal rights of others would be impaired, and to solely urge each and every one of its citizens to contribute his share unto the maintenance of the community. Its func-tions extend no farther, and all legislation going beyond these limits, is of evil and is * " History of Baptists in New England," by Henry S. Bur-rage, D. D., American Baptist' Publication Society. 