762 AMERICAN SENTINEL. It is Christianity alone that offers the individual the opportunity to get something for nothing, with no possibility of failure. But the wealth it offers is that for which few are seeking. Who Wants Peace? IT has been the glory of our Government during the past twenty or thirty years that it has been at peace. The peaceful pursuits of life are much more honorable than war. This peace is so desirable that the Lord has taught his followers to pray for it. Paul writes Timo-thy thus: "I exhort therefore, that, first of all, supplica-tions, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men; for kings, and for all that are in au-thority; that we may lead a quiet and 'peaceable life in all godliness and honesty." Therefore peace among men is one of the first results of the inborn Christ life. A Christian desires peace. He will sacrifice for it, he will live for it, he will pray for it. That which is accomplished for the individual man in following Christ will be accomplished for a collective body of men and women. Therefore if it were possible for a whole nation to be composed wholly of Christian men and women, that nation above all others should be a peaceful and peace-loving nation. Because of this peaceableness the United States has grown into a powerful nation. It has been in a position to powerfully arbitrate for peace between eastern na-tions when upon the brink of war. This was right and praiseworthy. But all this is as a tale which is told. When trouble broke out in Africa in the present war there, a strong petition was sent our President to offer his services, representing our nation, in obtaining peace. But what could he do? How far would such advice go when we ourselves were involved in difficulty with a late acquisition of foreign territory? Our hands were tied. Although passing among the nations for a Christian nation, we were powerless to offer, effectively, our services for obtaining peace. But do we want peace? Do we want it enough to take it in some way other than we might choose? Or, shall we fight it out to some bitter end? Here is what war the past year has cost us in lives. Think of the nearly 7,000 families in the United States in mourning:Š "WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.ŠSurgeon-General Stern-berg's annual report gives the total number of deaths in our armies, including regulars and volunteers, from May 1, 1898, to June 30, 1899, as 6,619 of whom 496 were killed in battle, 216 killed by accident, 202 died of gunshot wounds and wounds received in action, 2,774 from typhoid fever, 476 from malarial fever, 359 from pneumonia, 342 from diarrhoea and dysentery, and 185 from yellow fever." Here is what the navy alone cost the United States during the past year:Š "WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.ŠThe annual report of the paymaster-general shows it cost $13,983,174 to main-tain in commission the ships in active service in the navy last year. For construction of ships and purchase of ready-built ships $9,964456 was expended, while $6,754,974 was spent in repairs to ships, in all amount-ing to more than $30,000,000." According to a recent reportAguinaldo is so anxious for peace with this Christian nation that he offers the same amount for the independence of the Philippine Islands that the United States paid for its sovereignty over them to Spain. Here is the report:Š "NEW YORK, Nov. 23.ŠThe World says its Hong Kong correspondent knows an American who lives in the Philippines and who has recently seen Aguinaldo. He has been through the lines and has been two weeks with the insurgent commander-in-chief. What was said by Aguinaldo this American jotted down and forwarded to Hong Kong through the mails to his business corres-pondent there. "Aguinaldo wants peace, and to get it he is willing to pay the $20,000,000 which the United States paid to Spain for the Philippines, and will consent to American soldiers remaining in Manila till the debt is canceled. He wants a republic, to consist of a president, congress, and judiciary." The letter detailing the interview is dated at Manila, October 14. It adds:Š "Aguinaldo said that he had been repeatedly in-formed that the American President would never con-sent to a compromise; that unconditional surrender was the only thing the latter would accept." Who wants peace? This is the question. T. E. BOWEN. Judged By Its Fruits. THE report that Pope Leo XIII. is about to present statues of the Saviour, with the papal blessing, to a number of crowned persons, including Queen Victoria, says an exchange, leads to the reproduction of a list of gifts of the pope, with the results which followed. The list following is given by the Primitive Catholic:Š "The pope sent the Golden Rose to Bomba, king of Naples, and in less than three months he lost his crown and kingdom. He sent his blessing to Francis Joseph, emperor of Austria, and in less than twelve months he was defeated at Sadowa and lost his Venetian do-minions. "He sent it then to Queen Isabella of Spain, and in a short time she lost both crown and dominions. He next sent it to Louis Napoleon, or rather to the Empress Eugenie, which is more remarkable still, as she called the war with Germany her war. In less than twelve months France was defeated by Protestant Germany and the emperor had to flee to Protestant England for shelter, where he died in exile; the Prince Imperial fell by the hands of the Zulus, and the papal favorite alone is left to mourn the extinction of that once proud dynasty. 