A MERICAN SENTINEL. 371 advantages of trade to the benefit of the few, by arbi_ trary interference with the natural law of supply and demand. The SENTINEL has no remedy to propose for adoption by the Government or by political parties. It would only point men to that individual remedy which consists in the cherishing of right principles for the control of the individual life, and of faith in Him whose throne is in the heavens, whose kingdom ruleth over all, and who over-rules in the kingdoms of this world. It likewise would say to the people, "Be patient;" but it would say it in the language of Scripture, "Be patient, therefore, breth-ren, unto the coming of the Lord." See James 5:1-8. The hope of every lover of justice and peace is the coming of the Lord. "For yet a little, and He that shall come will come, and will not tarry." Heb. 10:37. " Anarchy " in Monroe County, N. Y. "Anarchy in Monroe County!" is the startling announcement which comes to our desk, printed in huge black letters upon a leaflet sent out from that section to "every law-abiding citizen." With the glance which takes in this appalling revelation, we catch also a sen-tence in large red letters calling for a "great law-and-order mass meeting" to consider the situation! What has happened? Has the awful lynching epi-demic broken out in that place? Has somebody been blown up by dynamite? or buildings destroyed by bombs? Hastily reading the statement of the facts, we discover, Šwhat?ŠThat some baseball clubs have been playing ball in the city of Rochester, ON SUNDAY. That is an-archy! for the clergymen of the place are agreed that it is suchŠspeaking not as religionists, understand, but only as citizens. Even the editor of the Rochester Times appears to share this extraordinary view. In his paper of May 26, speakingŠor assuming to speakŠfor the law-and-order element of that city and vicinity, he says:Š "We do not hesitate to say that so far as it goes, the playing of baseball on Sunday in Monroe County or any-where in this State, is ANARCHY." The circumstances which led up to this rather remark_ able situation are these. The wave of agitation for an enforced "Sabbath" observance which has been disturb-ing so many communities in the land, has reached the city of Rochester, and, as stated in a city paper, "some excellent people, including clergymen and Y. M. C. A. offi-cials," started a campaign against Sunday baseball "on the ground that it is irreligious, detrimental to morals, and against the law." They sent a committee to the ball grounds on Sunday to secure evidence against the ball clubs; but the managers having been informed of their purpose refused to admit them, which fact was of course reported and found its way, with accompanying comments, into the columns of the press. The outcome  was a call for a Mass meeting of citizens in Fitzhugh Hall, on Sunday, June 6, to take measures for the suppression of "anarchy." The Times, of June 7, gives a report of the meet- ing, which was attended by two thousand people. The speakers, as was to be expected, were clergymen, who wished it understood that they spoke not as clergymen, but as citizens. They betrayed their real standpoint, however, by their frequent references to the "Sabbath" and the moral law. Some of the utterances which gave character to the occasion, as given in the report, are as follows:Š Rev. Ward D. Platt: "I know that this baseball question is properly a civil question, but in my own mind I cannot get away from the fact that I am addressing an audience that has not relegated to the moles and bats the ten commandments, and that you still have a whole-some respect for an old book that is called the Bible. Most men like to see a game of baseball under proper circumstances and on proper days, but when the owners of these league teams become abettors of violations of the law and attempt to override the best sentiments of our people, then, I am sure, the people will say that they will withdraw their support. . . . These highwaymen have come out and attempted to throttle the caws of our great State in order that they may fill their purses. Here is a law of the State of New York, that rests upon the enactment of a decree thousands of years old, that was consigned to the awe-stricken people that gathered around the base of Mt. Sinai, that is as old as humanity itself, and, I say, here is a law, and what is the fact that confronts us? Three saloon-keepers, owning a baseball nine, have placed themselves in open defiance of the stat-utes of the State." Rev. C. A. Merrill: " This fight against Sunday base-ball is really insignificant compared with the greater is-sues at stake. We are battling for the sovereignty of our laws. We ask the people for patriotism. We want to show the poor man that the laws are made for him as well as the rich man; that when a law is made it is to be enforced to the letter, and not governed by the senti-ments and opinions of our public officers." Rev. W. R. Taylor : "Are these men who favor a more liberal Sunday aware that when they make a hole in the wall for Sunday amusements, that the employer of labor will also come in through the same,  hole? I have faith that when the American people learn that this Sunday rest is a national institution that they will show their teeth and claws and defy the person who dares attempt to take it away from them. And I have even hope for the baseball cranks when they learn that Sunday rest is an institution of our Government." Rev. C. A. Barbour : "It is no business of the execu-tive officers what the law is, except to find out what the laws are, and then, whether they are good or bad, it is none of their business, it is their duty to see that they are enforced." It is evident, according to this last quotation, that Mr. Barbour would have justified Pontius Pilate in cruel fying Jesus Christ; for the law of the Roman government was squarely against Christianity, and it was none of Pilate's business to consider whether it was good or bad, but only to enforce it. So likewise was the law of the 