Equal and &xact Justice to all Men, or Whatever k:itate or persuasion, Feligious or 'Political.ŠThomas Jefferson, VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, MARCH 24, 1892. NUMBER 12. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Down ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MCKEE. THE original Sabbath is a memorial of the creation. It was instituted for that purpose, and its intelligent observance is a recognition of God as the Creator of the heavens and the earth. It does not per-tain to our duties to our fellow-men, but solely to our recognition of God; and a failure to observe it imposes no financial burden upon the State. Likewise, Sun-day, the day now generally kept, is ob-served as a memorial of the resurrection of Christ. Its significance is, therefore, wholly religious. Thus, look at it either from the standpoint of the seventh or the first day, the keeping of a weekly rest, has reference to the recognition of God as the proper object of worship. Therefore, to require such observance under any pre-text whatever, is to require the observance of a religious institution. THE only ground on which restrictions on Sunday amusements can be defended must be that they are religiously wrong; a motive of legislation which can not be too earnestly protested against. It remains to be proved that society or any of its officers holds a commission from Heaven to avenge any supposed offense to Omnipo-tence which is not also a wrong to our fellow-creatures. The notion that it is one man's duty that another should be re-ligious was the foundation of all the reli-gious persecutions that have ever been per-petrated, and if admitted, would fully jus-tify them. Though the feeling which breaks out in the repeated attempts to stop railway traveling on Sunday, and the re-sistance to the opening of museums, etc.,  has not the cruelty of the old persecutions, the state of mind indicated by it is funda-mentally the same. It is a determination not to tolerate others in doing what is per-mitted by their religion, because it is not permitted by the persecutor's religion.ŠJohn Stuart Mill. Ł An Unconstitutional Measure. IN the House of Representatives on January 5, of this year, Mr. Morse, of Ł Massachusetts, introduced a bill entitled " A Bill to Prohibit the Opening of any Exhibition or Exposition where Appro-priations of the United States are Ex- pended," and reading as follows:-- Be it enacted by the Senate and House of _Repre-sentatives of the United States of America in Con-gress assembled, That no exhibition or exposition for which appropriation is made by Congress shall be opened on Sunday. SECTION 2. That any violation of this act shall be punishable by a fine of not less than one hun-dred dollars nor more than one thousand dollars for every violation of the foregoing act. This bill, expressed in precisely the same language, was introduced in the previous Congress by the same Representative, on December 19, 1890. It has been reintro-duced and referred to the Select Com-mittee on the Quadro-Centennial. The resolution thus insistently brought before Congress and to the attention of this committee, is but one of a series, which, from different points of view, are intended to serve the same purpose,Šthat of committing Congress to unconstitutional legislation upon religious subjects. The passage of this resolution would commit Congress to the establishment of a re-ligious test by which its advocates would hope forever after to govern the Congress of the United States in making similar appropriations, and would establish a prec-edent, which, in order to maintain con- sistency and remain in conformity with itself, would make it necessary for Con- gress to require Sunday closing and Sun-day keeping as a prerequisite in many other cases not specified in the bill. This measure is stated in concise terms; there is no unnecessary verbiage. It is as arbitrary in its business-like brevity as it is in purpose. What is its purpose ? The statement is clear,Š" That no exhibition or exposition, for which appropriation is made by Congress, shall be opened on Sunday." But this very conciseness of expression, where no particulars are speci-fied, necessarily becomes, in interpretation, of the very broadest application, and of the very widest significance. What is the breadth of application of this bill, and what the width of its significance ? That no exhibition shall be opened on Sunday for which Congress has appropriated money will cover every individual exhibit of the United States Government both in this and in foreign countries. It will also pertain to every exhibit in this country or elsewhere, to which the United States shall contribute in any measure, making it necessary in all such cases, where the United States may be a partner, either active or silent, for Congress to require all others interested to enter into a con-tract, and give bonds at least to the amount of the appropriation made, that the ex-hibit shall not be opened on Sunday, or accept simply one hundred to one thousand dollars fine in lieu of the broken contract. And this assumption of authority by Con-gress as to the matter of Sunday closing is irrespective of whether it holds the majority of the stock in the enterprise or but a minor share. Whatever its interest or however small its appropriation or in-significant its exhibit, still, by virtue of its governmental authority it arbitrarily re-quires, in defiance it may be of the vote of its fellow-stockholders or associate con-tributors, that such exhibition shall be closed on Sunday. That no exposition, for which Congress appropriates money, shall be opened on Sunday, would mean that no exposition such as the Centennial Exposition, at Philadelphia, or the Columbian Exposi- tion, at Chicago, toward defraying the expenses of which Congress makes appro-priation, or which it assists in any degree with the money of the United States, can 