250 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Is there no contradiction here ? Of what spirit are these the workings? Š0Š Is it a fruit of the Spirit to vaunt itself and to be puffed up? Yet a " Pittsburg preacher " tells us:Š That the Church has weight with great political or governing bodies has been demonstrated most effectually in the late World's Fair matter, when the United States Senate, the highest body in the country, listened to the voice of religion and passed the World's Fair appropriation bill with the Church instituted proviso that the gates of the great Expo-sition should not be opened upon Sunday. That grand, good fact suggests to the Christian's mind that if this may be done, so may other equally needful measures. The Church is gaining power continually and its voice will be heard in the future much oftener than in the past. What voice will be heard oftener? The voice of prayer and praise, of thoughtful charity for the widow and the fatherless, offering food to the hungry and clothing to the naked; the voice of tender sym-pathy for the erring, of brotherly comfort to those who are in prison, persecuted and reviled for His sake ? Is this the voice that is to be heard oftener hence-forth, or is it the voice of authority in the halls of Congress and legislative assem-blies and courts of law ? That voice which senators of the United States have declared it is " not wise statesmanship to disre-gard." That is the voice, and that is where it is to speak. Is this one of the fruits of the Spirit? Š0Š CONGRESS has now heard this voice and obeyed. Of the form of its reply the Mail and Express most felicitously says : The form of the law is happy. It gives a pre-mium of $2,500,000 on doing right. It proves in a concrete way that " godliness hath great gain." So the World's Fair has two millions five hundred thousand dollars worth of godliness! And is this one of the fruits of the Spirit? Certain it is that those who have secured this godliness for Chicago and the World's Fair are determined to compel its acceptance and retention at any price. The Statesman declares that if the directors should show any such " madness" as an inclination to refuse this financial godliness, the commission would veto such action and the patriotism of the Nation would boycott the Fair. The secretary of the Sabbath Union says that the godliness which the Columbian Exposition is thus paid to receive will be maintained "at the point of the bayonet." Is this the fruit of the Spirit ? Can we know these men and their movement by their fruits ? Can we judge of them by the way they bear themselves in success ? W. H. M. The Gospel; What It Is, and Its Work As Opposed to the Mystery of Iniquity.* IN the field of morals, in the realm of spiritual things, knowledge is not power. There is just the difference between hea-thenism and Christianity always. In heathenism with its chiefest theories, those of Socrates and all the rest of their philos-ophers, all they believed they needed to know to be virtuous was virtue. To know the good was all that was necessary in order to do good. To know the pure was all that was necessary in order to be pure. And they laid down ast- *From a sermon delivered by A. T. Jones, at Battle Creek, Mich., July 9, 1892, as reported and published in the Review and Herald. rate precepts, and gave excellent instruc-tion in the matter of purity, in the mat-ter of right doingŠethicsŠand in all these things, but they themselves did not do the things which they taught to be right and good; and they could not do it; because, although they had the knowledge they had not the power. Every man on earth knows that the statement is true, that in the field of morals knowledge is not power; because every man in this world knows better than he does, and always did know better than he did. He knows better than he is able to do; and always did know better than he was able to do. These philosophers and these wise men knew better than they were able to do; and they taught a great deal better than they did ; and I say again, every man in the world knows better than he is able of himself toŁ do, and without Christ, all of his life is made up of efforts and failures to do the good that he knows. Paul describes all men as they are in themselves when he says: "To will is present with me; but how to perform that which is good I find not." A man says he will do better, then does his best and fails; and it always will be so until he finds that power which comes from be-yond himself, the power of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ. It is not knowledge that men want pri-marily; it is power. Now Christ is that power Ł the gospel reveals it, and the preaching of the gospel makes it known. But yet the excellency of Christ to men is that he brings not only power, but also knowledge far beyond anything man can ever otherwise know. Christ is not only the power of God, but he is the wisdom of God. God gives wisdom beyond any-thing man can know, and power in equal measure with the wisdom. God gives power beyond anything man could ever do, and wisdom in equal measure with the power. And all is in Christ, the gift of God to men, and in him dwelleth all the fullness of the Godhead bodily. There-fore I say that any faith which stands in the power of argument, and in the wis-dom of man; or believes a certain thing because somebody else believes it; or does a certain thing because somebody else does itŠthat is worth nothing at all. Our faith must stand in power alone. And Christ is the power of God. Christ and him crucified; this is the power of God, and the wisdom of God; this is the gos-pel. The preaching of this is the preach-ing of the gospel, and nothing else is. Therefore our faith must stand not in the wisdom of men or the power of argument, but in Christ and him crucified. This is the power of God ; this is the gospel. Now I want to call attention to another point, which indeed is the main one in the talk' this morning, and that is another .statement of what the gospel is. Christ sent Paul to preach the gospel, and Paul tells us in his letter tip the Galatians, that Christ did with him just what he did with the twelve at Jerusalem before he started them to preach the gospel. He commis-sioned them to preach the gospel; but be-fore they attempted it, they were to be endued with power from on high, and that power from on high was the Holy Ghost. Here we find Paul's experience before he could preach the gospel. " It pleased God . . . to reveal his Son in me, that I might preach him among the heathen." Gal. 1:15, 16. In Acts 26: 17, 18, we find the Saviour's commission to Paul as told by Piz ul himself afterward:  " Delivering thee from the people, and from the Gentiles, unto whom now I sehd thee, to open their eyes, and to turn then from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, and inherit-ance among them which are sanctified by faith that is in me." That is what Christ sent Paul to preach to the children of men, and the Gentiles especially. Paul says when it pleased God to send him to preach Christ, it pleased God to reveal his Son in him, that he might preach him unto the Gen-tiles; but before Paul could be sent to preach, he, too, must be endued with power from on high. Christ must be re-vealed in him as the power of God and the wisdom of God ;* then Paul could preach him, and not simply preach about him. It is not enough to preach about Christ, but preach Christ. It is not enough to preach about the gospel, but preach the gospel. Before Christ could send Paul or any of the rest, He must be revealed in those who were to preach Him. When Christ is revealed in a man as the power of God and the wisdom of God, that man then is made, and has become, a minister of Christ. He then can minister Christ to men. But if Christ is not revealed in a man as the power of God and the wisdom of God, then that man can not minister Christ, because he has not Christ. For he who has him not can not minister him. The office of the minister of Christ is to be able to take Christ to men, and have him reach the people in such a way that they can receive him, and have him re-vealed in them. This is the ministry of the gospel. The gospel being the power of God, this is ministering the power of God. Here is another passage in which Paul tells of this :Š If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the hope of the gos-pel, which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven ; whereof I Paul am made a minister; Ł . . whereof I mil made a minister, according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you, to fulfill the word of God ; even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints: to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ in you, the hope of glory." Col. 1: 23-27. He was sent to preach the gospel;. he was made a minister of the gospel, a preacher of the mystery of God; and that mystery of God is, as he says, " Christ in you, the hope of glory." Then the preach-ing of the gospel is the preaching of Christ in men, the hope of glory. The minister of the gospel is the minister of Christ in men, the hope of glory. It is still, and forever, the preaching of God in Christ, manifest in the fleshŠthe incar-nation. For " every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God : and every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God." But further, I call attention to that ex-pression, " The mystery of God." I read in Eph. 3: 3 and onward : " How that by revelation he made known unto me the mystery; . . . which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men." That mystery, as he says in the other verse, is " Christ in you, the hope of glory." Now he says : By revelation God made known to me that mystery, and it pleased God to reveal his Son in me. " The gospel which I preach is not after 