154 - AMIH-JELICA. SENirgIN IH,T do VoL. 9, No. 20. reward due to so good a work. Yet for all this the papacy was unable ever to lay a hand on him or do him harm, and he died at last peaceably and in his bed an everlasting victor over all the power of the papacy; and, living and dying, a proof to all the world of what a man can do in opposition to the papacy who de-pends upon the gospel alone and allied to the power of God only. And so lono,  as Protestantism was faithful in its al_egi-ance to the gospel and the power of God only, so long the tide of the Reforma-tion swept irresistibly onward. But the moment this allegiance was slackened, this tide was checked ; and as this allegi-ance has lessened the tide was reversed. And now that this allegiance of professed Protestantism has wholly ceased and papal principles and methods only are recog-nized or employed, the papacy once more overflows and possesses all the power of earth. But the gospel has not ceased. The Word of God is not bound. The power of God is not slack toward those who believe. The everlasting gospel abides, and is to be preached with the attendance of the power of God in such measure as the world has never seen, and which is to accomplish indeed what Luther longed to seeŠthe complete overthrow and engulfing of the papacy and all her abominations. THIS is the `way, and the only way, of assured and complete success in opposing the papacy to-day. This is the way that the AMERICAN SENTINEL takes and which it is going to follow to the end. This is the way of true Christianity. This is the way of true Protestantism, and we want everybody to go this way. Come with us, and we will do thee good, for God has promised victory over the beast and over his image, and a song of triumph to all who take this way. A. T. J. Note the Contrast and the Harmony. THE following, from the Newark Cath-olic Register, if it suggests a contrast, also marks notably the harmony of action among Roman Catholics and so-called Protestant denominations. The Register says :Š A Methodist clergyman of Newark, in his usual Sun-day evening discourse to his people last Sunday, took occasion to state that the lately elected mayor of the city is of his creed, and, incidentally, to express a hope of good government on that account. In which there was certainly no great harm, and probably no harm at all. At the Congregationalist Conference a few days later, Rev. Mr. Scudder, of Jersey City, spoke in favor of developing still further the attractive and enter-taining features of church membership, and in partic-ular mentioned military drills for the young as one to be encouraged. A very good idea, say we, not only innocuous, but positively beneficial and useful. Not a priest in the diocese of Newark will say from his altar next Sunday that the Methodists are mixing their religion and politics, nor that the Congregation-alists are arming to overthrow the Republic. Yet every Roman Catholic elected to office serves certain pulpit pessimists as a welcome illustration of the dan-gerous political power of Rome, and should his elec-tion be mentioned by a priest to his people, the fact would be proclaimed throughout the land as conclusive evidence of evil designs on the part of the pope. This very Mr. Scudder was engaged a short time ago in a controversy with Rev. Hugh P. Fleming, of Orange, which controversy grew out of some other minister's attack upon the Catholic Church, in the course of which the drilling at Seton Hall College was denounced as preparation for waging war upon the common-wealth at the order of the pope. That minister will not say a word against the young Congregationalists' arming and drilling, of course, but neither will any priest say a word in opposition to the suggestion. As no man knows how soon skill in arms may be needed by the sons of the Republic, none but its ene-mies or the insane would decry military training. The contrast between the dignified bearing of our Catholic priests towards those who differ with them on religion and the little fellows who are forever seek-ing an opportunity to howl about Roman Catholic ascendency, is made to appear very plain by such happenings as the aforesaid. It is one of the things that goes to show that ours is the church of charity, the true Church of God,. The contrast is very clear. The point made is a good one, and undeniable, Why is it that not a priest raises his voice to accuse the different denominations of ul-terior motives in this reprehensible mili-tary organization of the youth in the Sunday schools ? It is because the author-ities of the Roman Catholic Church know that these Protestant organizers are igno-rantly forwarding a great Roman Catholic propaganda,Šthat they, are, unawares, working in harmony with those whom they ignorantly think they oppose. The motives are in perfect harmony; the con-trast is in the fact that the one is intelli-gently doing what the other is ignorantly assisting to further. W. H, M. Is Japan Dealing Fairly? THE silver wedding of the emperor was observed with due ceremony and eclat, on the ninth of March, notwithstanding the unfavorable condition of the weather. When the emperor rode out to review the troops the empress rode in the same car-riage with him. This is the second time in the history of the nation when such a thing has been done. The first time was on the promulgation of the constitution. It is to be presumed that in both instances the act was intended to show to the out-side world the adoption of foreign usages by the court, and to exhibit the advance made by Japan in the civilization of the nineteenth century. The act calls our attention to the constitution, and to a recent incident which may perhaps indi-cate the real value of at least one portion of that document. The twenty-eighth article reads as follows :Š Japanese subjects shall, within limits not prejudicial  to peace or order, and not antagonistic to their duties as subjects, enjoy freedom of religious belief. The Christian world has spoken very favorably of this article of the constitu-tion, and has inferred and hoped very much from it. When looked at closely, especially the part I have italicized, it will be seen that the "freedom" may very easily be set aside by " the powers that be." It would not be difficult to insist on kinds of obedience that would instantly take away and utterly destroy all freedom of religious belief. The incident that illustrates the present working and value of this article, number twenty-eight of the constitution, is this : A verbal command has 'recently gone out from " A Prince of the Blood," who is the commanding officer of the. chief and re-lated garrisons in a certain part of Japan, that all the soldiers who are Christians must give up their Christianity. In one of 'the garrisons a dozen or so of the rank ,nd file, and a few officers, are Christians. The men have decided that they must per-force obey the order as to outward appear-ance, hence half a dozen of them have already asked that their names be erased from the church register. The remaining half-dozen will do the same very shortly. They did not make the request in a body, I am told, lest the few Christians remain-ing in the church should be too much disheartened and the church broken up. The men affirm that they have no inten-tion of giving up their faith, but they  feel constrained to give up the open pro-fession of their religion. In another of the garrisons all the Christians, with the exception of one who is at present resolute in holding out for his right to religious liberty under the constitution, have asked to have their names erased from the church register. No one has heard that the Shinto and Buddhist soldiers have been ordered to give up their religion. The discrimination is solely against the Christians. The verbal command required secrecy as well as apos- tasy, but in the nature of the case it was rather difficult to enforce the former. The Japanese pastors whose work is directly affected by this despotic command are deeply stirred by it, and it is probable that they will make it public through the press. This is certainly the most flagrant act of tyranny that I have heard of for some time, although acts of a kindred na- ture have been altogether too common since, as well as before, the promulgation of the constitution. On inquiry I find that it is practically in the power of heads of departments to exercise a good deal of tyranny in this and in other matters, too. It is generally understood that students in the govern-ment normal schools, and in fact, all per-sons in government service, are forbidden to have any thing to do with politics or political assemblies; but I am not aware of any such public prohibition in religious matters. As the case now stands, it seems that if the principal of a school happens to be a Christian, or friendly to Christian-ity, the students are at liberty to attend Christian services, or to become professing Christians; otherwise their liberty is taken from them. The same is true of the com-mon schools where there is a head and under teachers. If the principal is op-posed to Christianity, the under teachers are given to understand that they are to have nothing to do with it. If they refuse to obey, their services are soon dispensed with, but never because they are Chris-tians ! I am told that the same is true of the teachersŠwho are nearly always menŠand the school children they have to teach. If the teacher is antichristian, the scholars are notified that they must let Christianity alone. If they disobey, school life is made very uncomfortable for them. This ac-counts very largely for the difficulty ex-perienced in reaching the children. Sun-day-schools do not flourish. The reasons given to the children by antichristian teachers is that Christianity is a foreign religion, and that it is antagonistic to the best interests of the country. The chil-dren accept the statement as trueŠas a matter of courseŠand then tell what they have learned to their parents, who in turn become more difficult to reach. This ac-counts, in part at least, for the present and very general lack of interest among the people in Christian preaching. I am told that the chief of any and all departments, military, civil, legal, educa-tional or what not, exercise at their dis-cretion this arbitrary authority in allow-ing or forbidding a variety of things. The authority is said to be extra legal or lawless, yet it is exercised as though it were properly delegated and employed. It is not easy to imagine that the highest authorities are ignorant of this assumption and arbitrary use of power. It must be assumed that for reasons best known to themselves, they choose to wink at it. The Government of Japan may be said to tolerate Christianity, but it can hardly be 