Kansas City, Mo. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. Oakland, Cal. Wait a Little. AMERICAN SEN TIN EL. 445 remain before me, saith the Lord, so shall your seed and name remain. And it shall come to pass, that from one new moon to another, and from one Sabbath to another, shall all flesh come to worship before me, saith the Lord.'" " Then the time will come when all on earth will keep the Sabbath." " Yes, Charlie." " What will the Sunday keepers think about it mama? for many will be saved who here always kept Sunday." " Yes, through ignorance, believing it to be the Sab-bath of the Lord. Oh, how glad they will be to go up before God on his blessed holy day. They will call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable." " What glorious worship we shall be able to give to God then ! How the beautiful city will ring with our praises! How good it will be to be there, when the glory of the Lord covers the earth as the waters cover the sea," said Charlie. "Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven," said Mrs. Ross, reverently. P. B. NOTICE the advertisement of the Cyclone Washer on page 451. Most of the readers of the SENTINEL are familiar with the name of the machine, as it has been advertised in this paper for a long time. The Cyclone is a good strong machine and will be found a great help in doing the family washing. It will pay to invest in one. EveryAIDay,.._ A book containing 184 pages of practical information concerning the healthful prepartion of numerous dishes of all edible grains, fruits, and vegetables. A chapter is devoted to Suggestions for Canning Fruit, which alone is worth the price of the book. There is also a Daily Morning Program of Kitchen Work,includ-ing hints on Economizing- Money, Material, and Time; General Suggestions for Economical House-work; Every-day Bills of Fare, and a copious index of the entire work. Bound in board sides and cloth back. PRICE, postpaid, . 85 CENTS. GIVE the child a chance. Suppose he has not done ' exactly right. Perhaps he sees his error, and is sorry for it, but has not come to the point of expressing his re-pentance. Wait a little. Do not nip the tender bud of regret by the harsh breath of blame. Think how patient God is with you. Think how all the laws of his great household are made with a view to his children's develop-ment, their growth in all spiritual perfections. "But," says the father, "the child's got to obey, and that's the long and short of it." "Is that the way men talk about their corn and their potatoes, their wheat and their grass crops? No, indeed ! Soils, methods, fertilizers, are studied anxiously, care-fully; but alas, in what haphazard fashion is the precious human product cultivated. Make the child happy when it is possible. See what plans God has made for his children's happiness. In the sunshine of joy the little human heart develops naturally, harmoniously. In grief, and anger, and sullenness, he is repressed, chilled, thwarted, distorted. A child should be allowed to have "his own way" whenever that way is innocent. The child's natural, in-nocent ways are the Maker's ways. Do we not thwart God when we thwart the impulses that he has put into little children? If we would become children with them, we might enter into their heaven. Becoming one with -them in, love, our knowledge and experience would be available for their safe and tender guidance.ŠSelected. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by, P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Dratt on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the 'defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State. either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THR International Religious Idberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, $1.04/ Six months, .50 64 Three " .25 44 THE rights of the smallest child are as big as those ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, of the largest man.. 39-Bond Street,-1Tew Yoik 