SEPTEMBER 27, 1894. AlMMIELICA N EJLA. 301 sentiment generally, when it is intelli-gently roused on the subject, will echo the strong and true words of Senator Gallin-ger, of New Hampshire, who introduced the amendment in question : " I do not be-lieve," he said, "that the Congress of the United States can long stand upon the ground we occupy to-day. There is already a gathering storm in this country against this matter of appropriating money for sectarian purposes. The principle is wrong. It will have to be reversed sooner or later, and, in my opinion, the sooner it is done the better it will be for the rights and the liberties of the American people." ŠExaminer, Sept. 6, 189.4. Persecuted Sabbath-Keepers. THE Christian Reformer and Dissenter for August 25th, makes a labored effort to defend the wrongs which are being done to Sabbath-keepers by the partisan and unchristian enforcement of Sunday law in Maryland, Georgia and Tennessee. The position of our contemporary is this : The Government must have a Sabbath, a civil institution. The people must be compelled to keep the Sabbath which the Government institutes. This position is Judaistic theocracy, and pagan State churchism, combined. It is not the doc-trine of the New Testament, nor of the New Testament Christianity. The real animus of the Reformer's position is found in the arrogance of majorities. It is prac-tically this:- 1. Resolved, That the world belongs to the saints. 2. Resolved, That we are the saints. 3. Resolved, That foolish minorities of "less than one-eighth of one per cent." must be subject to the saints. Attest the following paragraph from the Reformer :Š It is evident that the Sabbath observed by the Gov-ernment must be the one observed by the people. Otherwise there will be conflict. Starting with the idea that the people have a divine right to a Sabbath, it follows that the State will regard as the Sabbath the day which the people regard. We do not now intend to discuss the claims of either the first or the seventh day of the week to recognition as the Sabbath. We maintain, however, that the first day of the week is 'now the Sabbath, not by the decree of Constantine or of the Roman Catholic Church, but by the decree of God. This is the day observed by the vast major-ity of the people. Those who observe the seventh day, including Jews, Seventh-day Baptists, and Sev-enth-day Adventists, are less than one-eighth of one per cent, of the entire population, This is the polished but not less genuine doctrine of despots and bullies, every-where, as the closing paragraphs of the Reformer's editorial further show. These read as follows:Š (1.) The State must have a Sabbath. (2.) That Sabbath must be the day observed by the people. (3.) It must be protected by law. (4.) Our Sabbath laws, either by specific enactment or by judicial decision, guard the rights of those who keep another day. (5.) Those who plant themselves on Old Testament usage, without regard to the change made at the res-urrection of Christ, and who trample on statute laws protecting the first day as the Sabbath, and thereby molest others, and interfere with their rights to rest and worship and also interfere with the rights of the State, must be dealt with as polygamists or others who make their religions shield for violation of law. We would like to see a beginning made, however, in enforcing the law against railroad, steamboat, and street ear companies, and newspapers issued on the Sabbath, and the saloon that is open on that day. These are the great enemies of religion and the chief promoters of disorder and immorality. The position of this Reformer who thus-insults Sabbath-keeping Christians and Jews by classing them with " polygam-ists,"   and defends their persecution, is worthy of no date this side of the Dark  Ages. Reduced to its lowest terms, we have thisŠ (1.) This great, good, pious Christian nationŠsee our late Congress, for exam-pleŠempowered by Jehovah to make laws touching religion, has decreed that Sunday is the Sabbath, hence all people must keep it holy. (2.) But this pious Christian nation wickedly breaks its own laws in countless ways. It carries on business, and runs its mail trains; its pious congressmen hold important committee meetings on its own sacred day. It is the leader in lawless-ness. All strong corporations follow its example. The great newspapers, and those promoters of good order and religion, known as saloons, are very attentive to the advantages which the enforced idle-ness of the masses offer to their never-ceasing business. (3.) Our reforming contemporary "would like to see a beginning made," etc. That might be well. Lawmakers ought to obey their own laws. But since the Govern-ment will not obey its own laws, since it is accustomed to grant to itself and all strong corporations and newspapers, etc., a " dispensation," to be as lawless as the circumstances may demand; and since the Jews and Sabbath-keeping Christians are a " one-eighth " minority, a mere trifle compared with the saints to whom the ends of the earth belong; and since Sun-day work in a back lot, by a Seventh-day Adventist, in Georgia is a terrible menace to the morals and good order of the na-tion; since the selling of shoe-strings by a poor Jew in New York or Philadelphia might corrupt the morals of a weak con-gressman like Breckinridge, of Kentucky; and since, therefore, Resolved, that all " Saturdarians " shall be compelled to obey the righteous decrees of this Chris-tian nation touching the sacred American Sabbath, or pay a fine or go to jail, or to the " chain gang." And the Reformer, who virtually says all this, wants God put into the Constitution of the nation, in order to get a better basis for enforcing Sunday laws! ! We suggest, respectfully, that the Christian Reformer and Dissenter (Pittsburg) invite Christ to its editorial rooms that it may learn from him some-thing of Christian charity and the mean-ing of religious liberty.ŠEvangel and Sabbath Outlook. - ‚Ł Ł  What Sunday-Keeping-Really Means. TIME and again it has been shown from the mouths of Catholics themselves that the Sunday institution is the badge, mark, or sign of the authority and power of the Roman Catholic Church. It has likewise been shown that the leading representa-tives of so-called Protestantism acknowl-edge Sunday to be the test, mark, or sign of that religious system. This is particu-larly true of the United States. The rep-resentatives of popular religious thought call Sunday " the test of all religion," " the corner-stone of Christ's kingdom," " the sign of the Christian nation," " a mark of American religion," etc., etc. It is worth while, then, to inquire what the Sunday institution really represents. As the papacy is set forth in the Scrip-tures under the symbol of a " beast " (Rev. 13: 1-10), its mark is usually called " the mark of the beast." See Rev. 19: 20; 13:16, 17; 14:9; 15:2. There is a slight variation, however, in Rev. 14 : 11. Here the " mark of the beast " is called "the mark of his name." Sunday, then, is that which represents the name of the beast. What name is here referred to ? This is explained in the thirteenth chapter, verses 17, 18: " And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name. Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man ; and his number is six hundred threescore and six." Here the name of the beast is declared to have a "number," and that number " is the number of a man." This proves that the " beast " and the " man " are practically the same thing. In other words, the beast is a one-man power, and is represented by that one man. Now every one knows that this is true to the very letter of the papacy, all the power of which is exercised and controlled by the pope. It is the pope who speaks to the church and speaks for the church. In him centers everything pertaining to the church. Does the pope bear the number six hundred threescore and six ? He does. Upon his pontifical crown may be seen in jewelled letters this title: "Vicariv,s Filii Dei," "Vicegerent of the Son of God." Taking the letters of this title, used as Roman numerals, in their regular order, their value is just six hundred and sixty-six. The letters A, R, S, F, and E are not used as numerals. The letter U was orig-inally made like V, and represented five. Arranging the letters used as numerals in a vertical column with their equivalent values, we have this :Š VI 5 I 1 Ł 100 I 1 U (V) 5 I 1 L 50 I 1 I 1 Ł 500 I 1 666 By this it is proven that the name which has the number, is "Viearius Filii Dei," or " Vicegerent of the Son of God." And Sunday, as a religious institution, is the mark of this name. Those who receive the mark receive the name with all that it implies. And what does this name im-ply ? What is the meaning of it ? It means that the pope stands in the place of the Son of God as the saviour of men. It means that he holds in his hands the keys of the kingdom of God, so that he can grant or refuse an entrance to whomsoever he will. It means that " the pope has power to change times, to abrogate laws, and to dispense with all things, even the precepts of Christ." It means that the power he possesses and exercises is the power of God. All this and much more is acknoWledged by the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week. Those who observe the papal Sabbath, instead of God's Sabbath, thereby acknowledge that the pope had the right to put himself in the place of God and to substitute his law for the law of God. And ill this they acknowledge that his title, "Tzficarius Filii Dei," is a proper one, and that they accept him as their saviour, rendering to him homage whicl' would otherwise belong to God. It is strange that so few realize the enormous sin which is committed in rec-ognizing the rightfulness of this blas-phemous title. To admit that the pope 