Equal and &xact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or 'Persuasion, Religious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 24, 1892. NUMBER 46. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND BT., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN. W. H. Flo IT is worth serious inquiry as to what will be the effect upon the churches of taking the Government of the United States in their hands, as they have done. -0- WHEN we find what will be the effect upon the churches, it can easily be seen what the effect will be upon the State. And seeing the effect on both Church and State, it will be easy to know what the effect will be upon society, as a whole. -0-- NOR is this at all difficult. The results of this procedure have already begun to appear in such measure as to present a perfectly safe criterion. The outcome may be known without any theorizing at all. All that is necessary is candidly to consider facts as they stand before the people at the present moment. -0- THE manner in which the churches suc-ceed in getting the Government into their handsŠthis in itself contains a volume of instruction as to what the effect will be upon those churches. The complete his-tory of this has already been given in these columns. We shall not repeat this any further than to print again the reso-lution that was sent up to Congress from the " evangelical " churches in all parts of the country, which, after prescribing what Congress should do with respect to the World's Fair, runs as follows Resolved, That we do hereby pledge ourselves and each other, that we will from this time henceforth refuse to vote for, or support for any office or po-sition of trust, any member of Congress, either senator o,r representative, who shall vote for any  further aid of any kind for the World's Fair ex-cept on conditions named in these resolutions. _0_ As is now universally known these threats succeeded, and both Senate and House yielded to this demand rather than to risk the threatened loss of votes and jeopardize their " coming back again." It is likewise well known that those who thus secured this legislation have re-peatedly announced since that this demon-strates that they can have anything they want, if they will only stand together in demanding it; and that they do intend to make such demands for further favors and further subjection of the Govern-ment. Now here are some questions worthy of the candid attention of every honest church-member in the land. If those who are already in Congress will thus play into the hands of the churches in order to " come back " there, then will not those who want to go there play like-wise into the hands of the churches in order to get there? When, from this universal advertising, it is understood that the churches hold within their gift the offices and places of trust of the Na-tion, then will not these same churches become the chiefest objects of the court-ship and solicitation of the office-seekers of the land, and especially of the most unprincipled ones ? Everybody knows that the only fair answer that can be made to these questions is, Yes, they will. -0- THEN, in order to make their courtship and solicitation for office most effectual, these men will become church-members themselves. And having joined the Church for political purposes they will use their membership for political purposes. And so far as they are concerned the churches will be but so many political clubs and coteries to be " worked " for all that can be made out of them. This is not theory, nor is it far-fetched. It is the plainly stated calculation of the leaders of the Sunday-law movement. For years it has been one of the standing principles of the  National Woman's Christian Temperance Union that " now when it is a question of preserving the Sabbath itself, and guarding the homes which are the sanctu-aries of Christ's gospel, we women believe that no day is too good, no place too con-secrated, for the declaration of principles and the determining of votes." And in an editorial notice of a Sunday-law meeting in this city, The Examiner (Baptist) said: Congress may change its mind; the present is no time for jubilation; but is (and we beg pardon for the phrase) a time for wire-pulling and hard fighting. ^0^ Now when it is so openly and so brazenly announced by those who are occupying the leading positions in the churches, that their " holy day " and their sacred places shall be turned into political hustings, and that they will devote them-selves to " wire-pulling and hard fight-ing"Šwhen these take the lead in this, is it not inevitable that the office-seekers who would court their influence and votes will do the same thing ? In fact what else are these declarations of theirs but an open bid for such procedure on the part of just such classes as those ? -0- Non is political favor the only bid which these same churches hold out for the purpose of securing Sunday observ-ance. The churches have financial as well as political gain at their disposal. In congratulating himself and his fol-lowers upon the success of their threaten-ing efforts upon Congress, the president of the American Sabbath Union ex-claimed :Š The form of the law is happy. It gives a pre. mium of $2,500,000 on doing right. It proves in a concrete way that godliness hath great gain. As these churches have it in their power thus to put a money premium upon doing the will of the Church, it is self-evident that in the nature of things they will speedily secure large accessions to their numbers in such " right " doing. When the Church is enabled thus to prove so readily in a concrete way, to her own 