V?;°',ŁI'jjW, VIVA  VkiNyT  Ł .. Ł ‚ :Ł111ZI,ﬂ Equal and axact jugtice to all Men, of Whatever state or cergua8ion, Religioue or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 22, 1892. NUMBER 50. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN. W. H. MulcEE. Volumel of THE AMERICAN SENTI-NEL closes with this number. The ifitial number of Volume 8 will bear date of January 5, 1893. We will issue no paper next week. IN a " Round Table of Good Reading " in the Christian Statesman, Oct. 8, 1892, the editor-in-chief, Mr. W. F. Crafts, sets forth the following:Š It would not do the average American a bit of harm to be put through a course of genuflections and prostrations after the Greco-Russian style. It might help to moderate some of his impudence to be made to kneel oftener; even to get his face -fairly in the dust, as I have seen in the case of well-dressed ladies, black-coated civilians, and officers in gold lace, as well as poor folks. And it is into the hands of such men as this that the governmental power of the United States has been surrendered ! Doubtless the people will discover it when it is too late for deliverance from the cruel exercise of it. A CORRESPONDENT writing from Alma, Mich., under date of December 6, says:Š This place has just been visited by Rev. W. F. Ware, Secretary of the so-called American Sabbath Union. Mr. Ware spoke on the evils the Church had to con-tend with. The first evil was the non-attendance at church of their own members. The cause of this, he said, was, first, the running of Sunday trains and Sunday excursions, Sunday picnics and Sun-day papers. Then the Sunday saloons and the train of evils that follow them, such as the great strikes. Then leaving these without suggesting a remedy, Mr. Ware attacked the Seventh-day Adventists, which, according to his idea of evil are worse than all the rest, from the fact that "they are not law-abiding citizens." In proof of this he cited his hearers to the State of Tennessee, where they have good Sunday laws, where four men had been put in jail and worked in the chain-gang and still would not obey the law. He also stated that they were not "evangelical" because they believe that the spirit can not live without the body. And then came the remedy for these evils, the repeal of the exemption clauses in the States where they ex-ist. When this is done, which he said would surely be, then " the sect which has its head-quar- ters at Battle Creek must die and be buried with-out a coffin." This shows the animus of Mr. Ware's work. It is not the first time that he has given expression to just such sentiments. But he should possess his soul in patience. Persecution has not yet killed the Advent-ist sect in Tennessee, in fact, it has had thus far the contrary effect; and as our correspondent remarks, " he may find that they will die as hard in Michigan as in Tennessee." An Interesting Mass-meeting in Chicago. THE AMERICAN SABBATH UNION ROUTED BY THE SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS, AND THE TABLES TURNED IN FAVOR OF RELIGIOUS LIB- ERTY FOR ONCE. DECEMBER 13 and 14, 1892, the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, an organization formed conjointly by some of the leading religious denominations of this country for the enforcement of Sunday observance by law, held its fourth annual session in the city of Chicago. According to previ-ous arrangements mass - meetings were held in four of the largest churches of the city Tuesday night, December 13, at each of which certain of the leading speakers and workers in the Union gave addresses, giving their reasons, if reasons they may be called, for enforcing Sunday observ-ance by civil authority, for desiring to close the World's Columbian Exposition on Sunday by act of Congress, and in-veighing against Mayor Washburn, the local Fair Directory, and all others who have dared to ask or petition Congress to repeal its Sunday-closing act of last July. One of these meetings was held at the South Park Methodist Episcopal Church, corner South Park Ave. and Thirty-third St., and Rev. H. H. George, of Beaver Falls, Penn., who is general field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, was the leading speaker appointed for this place for the evening. A moderately sized au-dience, consisting of perhaps not far from one hundred persons, assembled in the spacious church to listen to what was to be said. With Rev. H. N. Axtell, of the Methodist Church, in the chair, Mr. Day, State Secretary of the Union for Indiana, opened the meeting by reading a portion of the 17th chapter of Jeremiah, and offer-ing prayer. Rev. Mr. George spoke quite  enthusiastically for a time in regard to the work of the Union, directing his re-marks chiefly to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, and the petition which has recently been gotten up and quite ex-tensively circulated for the repeal of the Sunday-closing act of Congress, and the opening of the Fair on Sunday, with the machinery stopped and religious services provided for within the gates. For Con-gress to repeal its action touching this matter he thought would be a long stride heathenward, and a fatal blow to an insti-tution upon which more perhaps than any other, he said, the Republic rested. Following Mr. George's address, Mr. Locke, a merchant of Englewood, spoke for a short time upon the aspect of the laboring men and the Sunday rest, after which a series of resolutions was intro-duced for consideration and adoption. The resolutions consisted of a protest against Congress in any way rescinding its act for closing the World's Fair on Sunday, and a gentle suggestion to Mayor Washburn that in going to Washington and championing the Sunday opening cause he was not attending to his business and would better be home enforcing the Sunday laws of his State and city. The resolutions were put to vote without dis-cussion or comment, and to the evident astonishment of Mr. George and his friends the " noes " seemed to have it. A rising vote was called for, which developed the fact that by actual count a majority of ten or fifteen of those present were opposed to the adoption of the resolutions. WANTED TO HEAR THEIR REASONS. The gentlemen who had presented and read the resolutions at once requested that some one of those who had voted against their adoption be called upon to state his reasons for voting thus; in re-sponse to which a call was made for "Mr. Jones." What followed soon developed the fact that Alonzo T. Jones, editor of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, of New York, a paper uncompromisingly opposed to re-ligious legislation, was in the audience, and that the South Park M. E. Church being in the vicinity of a considerable population of the religious denomination known as Seventh-day AdventistsŠa peo-ple coming to be quite well known as ardent champions of religious liberty and opposers of governmental interference in matters of religion,Šquite a number of these had come out to see and hear what was going on, though, as they stated, with 