THE ANIERICAN SENTINEL. 61 to all, and whose tender mercy is over all his worksŠwho, when he was importuned to reveal his glory, declared himself the Lord, the Lord God, merciful and gracious, slow to anger, and abundant in goodness and truth ; that God, all Whose perfections are but different forms of loveŠby making him guilty of a religion, dark and lowering as a thunder-storm, which blasts and desolates the earth as it advances? Can this be that religion which was ushered into the world with "glory to God in the highest; peace . on earth ; and good-will towards men"? Granted, "genuine religion is the cause of God ;" and this great truth furnishes many arguments against every species of persecution. "Is, then, every ridiculous vagary on which the human mind may light, to be tolerated in re-ligion?" Why not? Considered in a political point of view, there is not a worse, in a religious point of view, not a more absurd, vagary than intolerance ; and the, tendency of intolerance, to give consistence and perpetuity to the fleeting shades of mental weakness, may be received as a good cirgumentum ad hominem, by those who think it may be employed to promote truth and uni-formity.--- Clarke's History of Intolerance. Upon What It Is Founded. "THE Sabbath," says the Lutheran Observer, "is founded upon the constitution of man. It was ordained at the creation to supply his physical and moral wants, not . only during his state of innocence in Eden, but also after the fall and whemscatteied over the face of the earth. De-manded by the well-being of the family, its insti-tution immediately succeeded that of marriage; and promotive of the best interests of Nations, it was enacted as a Civil statute, and enforced by moral and legal sanctions, as well as by disci-plinary. chastisements." So far as physical rest is concerned, one day is just'Ł as good as another, and very many people manage to get along very well without any stated day of rest at all. But the matter of physical rest is dwelt upon so much for the reason that to say aught of the memorial character of the Sab-bath is to call attention at once to the fact that the day generally observed as the Sabbath has no claims whatever to be regarded as such. The ,Sabbath was ordained primarily as the memorial of creation, and in this respect no other day can possibly take its place. But the evident intent of the Observer's remarks is to show that Sunday keeping ought to be en-forced by law; and on the surface there is a degree of plausibility in the theory, for under the Jewish theocracy Sabbath keeping was enforced by legal sanctions, but so was the worship of God. Concerning the day of atonement we read: "For whatsoever soul it be that shall not be afflicted in that same day, he shall be cut off from among his people." Lev. 23: 29. But does the Observer think that people should now be put to death for failing to worship God according to his appoint-ment? If not, why not? Certainly no reason can be urged against the one which could not be with equal force against the other. If, however, such penalties were inflicted in these days, who would decide when they should be inflicted, and upon whom they should be in-flicted? Manifestly the strongest party. In Catholic countries Protestants would be punished for alleged violation of the divine law, while in Protestant countries Romanists would suffer like  penalties for not doing the same things. And not only so, but the various sects of Protestants would war among themselves, each invoking the powers of the law against the other, all fully believing they were doing GOd's service. Does not the Observer know that invoking the legal enforce-ment of any religious duty upon which men differ; as, for instance, the binding obligation of the seventh or the first days of the week, and making this or any other religious question a matter of law, is to empower men to decide what is the true faith? Can we afford to do it in this country? Sunday Legislation in Illinois. -A BILL was introduced in the House of the Illinois Legislature January 25, which is another evidence of the drift toward enforcing religious beliefs by civil law. Notwithstanding the fact that the constitution of Illinois provides for the "free exercise and enjoyment of religious profes-sions and worship, without discrimination," these apostles of church and State want to compel, con-trary to the supreme law of the State, the observ-ance of a religious institution. Following are the first two sections of the bill:Š " SECTION 1. Be it enacted by the people of the State of Illinois, represented in the General As-sembly, That whoever shall keep open on Sunday any shop, store, factory, or other public place, for the manufacture, or preparation, or packing, or sale, or other disposition of any goods, wares, or merchan-dise, except as in this act expressly provided, shall be deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be fined in a sum not less than fifty, nor more than five hundred dollars, for each offense, and shall be committed to the com-mon jail, till the fines and costs are paid. " iSECTION 2. Whoever shall procure, or permit to be employed in any secular business on Sunday in any of the places mentioned in section 1 of this act, any clerk, workman, or other person, except as in this act expressly permitted, shall be deemed guilty of a like misdemeanor, and shall suffer the like penalty as is prescribed in the foregoing sec-tion." These sections prohibit only a certain class of labor. However, the mover of the bill says pri-vately that it does not cover all they want. But if they make the bill too sweeping on the start, they fear it will be defeated; and he thinks that half a loaf is better than no bread. This will prove a stepping-stone toward getting stronger legislation in the future in favor of Sunday. True to the watchword of Sunday-law advocates, the standard of the ideal Puritan Sunday is erected in the back-ground, and they try to lead us on cautiously, step by step, till we shall be hemmed in on all sides, and the only thing allowable on Sunday will be to go to church to listen to the lengthy disquisi-tion of some prosy divine. But even as an in-itiatory measure, on the class the bill touches, it imposes a fine that would soon use up a small fortune. The author of the bill frankly stated to me that it was intended to protect the religious in-terests of Sunday. It seems strange to hear men talk of imposing such fines if we refuse to observe in sacred style a dogma of disputed origin in the Christian church. Think of it ! from fifty to five hundred dollars! Would it not be well be-fore making such laws in favor of what lie thinks to be the Christian religion, to examine the rec-ords to see if the Author of the Christian religion would be in harmony with such action ? According to these sections of the bill, the of-fender "shall be deemed guilty of high misde-meanor." The criminal code of the Illinois statutes divides offenses into " felonies," " misdemeanors,"  and " in fainous crimes," but I do not find anything referring "to high misdemeanor." In view of the fact that this is only a "stepping-stone "to the legis-lation they want in favor of Sunday, I suppose it was deemed unwise to call a violation of this act either " felony " or " infamous crimes." And yet the simple term of " misdemeanor " in the statutes is not strong enough, so the term " high misde-meanor " must be used. The " Library of Uni-versal Knowledge " defines " high misdemeanor" as " an offense short of, but closely bordering on, treason." And in the Articles of Confederation between the original thirteen States (Art. 4) we have the expression, " If any person guilty of or charged with treason, felony, or other high mis-demeanor," etc., thus associating " high misde-meanor" with treason and felony. Fellow-citi-zens, are we ready to be classed with those guilty of the infamous crime of treason just because we choose to dissent from the idea of observing a religious institution, no matter whether we are conscientious about it or not? God does not in the Christian dispensation delegate to anyone the authority to inflict temporal punishment on the violators of his law. Would it not be well for these would-be defenders of the Christian religion to be more moderate in their proposed enact-ments ? The third section is as follows :Š " SECTION 3. This act shall not apply to the print-ing or circulation of newspapers, nor to the sale of medicine, nor to the delivery of milk, nor to the running of railroad or street-cars, or other means for the necessary transportation of the people for all lawful purposes, nor to the circulation of proper books, tracts, or papers, nor to any other work of necessity or.charity. In case of any question whether any particular work be a work of necessity or charity, any person may apply to any court hav-ing equity jurisdiction, to enjoin the same, and upon such application the question aforesaid shall be determined." This section very graciously exempts news-paper men, druggists, milkmen, and railroad and street-cars, because, as the father of the bill says, they do not care to have the opposition of these industries at present. After they get the bill passed, they will be able to use it as a lever to get stricter legislation, and stop everything on Sunday. But the worst feature of this section is the loose way in which it leaves works of " necessity or charity." The bill says that " in case of any question whether any particular work be a work of necessity or charity, any per-son may apply to any court having equity juris-diction, to enjoin the same, and upon such appli-cation the question aforesaid shall be determined." We are here informed that there really are works of necessity and charity. But the only way to find out " in case of any question whether any particular work be a work of necessity or charity" is to go ahead, do the work, and be subject to the caprice of any person who wishes to " apply to any court having equity jurisdiction, to enjoin the same," and by a suit at law have the matter de-termined. Our statutes should be so fraMed that we may know what is lawful and what is not, without first having to do some deed and be "en-joined," and have a lawsuit in order to ascertain what the law is. Such a law would be expected, from a tyrant, but is not becoming to a free people. An article in the special edition of the October SENTINEL, entitled, "The Savor of Tyranny," is to the point here, and we request all our readers who have not a copy of the paper to send and get it. The article is well worth reading and re-reading. The bill continues:Š 