524 AMERICAN SENTINEL. acts and festivals, and weekly from Thursday night untilMonday morning. It placed a check upon contend-ing armies, giving them respite and the opportunity to attend religious services; but practically they rested-only that they might enter the struggle of war and bloodshed with renewed vigor. To call such a transaction a "truce of God" is cer-tainly not honoring the King of heaven; and it is equally so when applied to a man-made "scientifically-proved" day of rest. Paul's instruction to Timothy is also for us: "Hold fast the form of sound words which thou hest heard of me, in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus." "0 Timothy, keep that which is committed to thy trust, avoiding profane and vain babblings, and opposi-tions of science falsely so called: which some professing have erred concerning the faith." ROY F. COTTRELL. f• . 44 Give the Cubans a Chance. THE Chicago Times-Herald, in a recent issue, states what is necessary to be done by the Cubans in order to demonstrate, to the United States, their fitness for inde-pendence. If this is the view taken by the Government, there will be an occasion for Congress to explain the meaning of their resolution put forth at the beginning of the war, that "The people of Cuba are, and of right ought to be, free and independent." The Times-Herald says:Š "The Cubans must return to the pursuits of peace, and must patiently demonstrate their fitness for self-government. Having used our army and navy at tre-mendous cost to gain for the Cubans freedom from Span-ish oppression, for which they had struggled for years without success, it is not to be expected that the United States would relinquish its control of Cuban affairs until its responsibility, as defined by Congress, shall have been fully discharged. "The national responsibility in this instance includes the restoration of order, the establishment of a stable government, the development of industry, and the im-provement of sanitary conditions to such an extent that the island shall no longer be a menace to the people of the Southern States. "It may take many years to accomplish these re-sults. In the meantime the Cuban natives who honestly desire independence can bring it more quickly by tilling the soil and by promoting the industrial development of the island than by holding mass meetings. Until the people show their fitness for self-government in this manner the United States will hold tight reins on Cuban affairs."  Affairs in the United States were in a condition bor_ dering on chaos for several years after the close of the Revolutionary War, yet the American people of that day did not wish for or need the rule of a foreign power while order was being restored, and they were demon-strating their fitness for self-government. Give the Cu- bans a chance to restore order in the island themselves. That will be the quickest and best possible way of deter-mining whether they have ability for self-government or not. There is only a pretense of necessity for the continu-ation of American military rule in Cuba. The Cubans are entitled to the same chance to demonstrate their political capacity that Americans themselves had in 1783. Pointed Press Paragraphs. THE follower of Jehovah cannot afford to become a weather vane to point in whatever direction the com-munity may decide.ŠBible Echo. IN order that Cuba may enjoy the blessings of lib-erty, it has been found necessary to suppress newspapers which advocate the independence of the island.ŠDetroit Evening News. WE oppose conquest of the Philippines because imperialism means militarism, because militarism means government by force, and because government by force means death of government by consent, the destruction of political and industrial freedom and the obliteration of equality of rights and assassination of democratic institutions.ŠIowa Democratic Platform. THE boycott is as rude and ineffective in warfare as the Australian boomerang. Certainly it can do much dam-age; but it is of the kind which counts very little toward the final settlement of a dispute. What chance has the savage with his bow and arrow against the rifle of the modern soldier? When men have nothing better than a boycott to fight with, their cause is lost ŠChristian Register. IN Kentucky the people are threatening whipping and death to Mormon missionaries and forcibly expelling them from the State. We wax indignant when in some far-off Chinese town our missionaries are treated in that manner, and we send soldiers to punish the criminals. Whether these Mormon missionaries are right or wrong they should have the protection of law. We must de pend on the supreme power of light and truth for our protection, not on lawless force.ŠN. Y. Independent. 0• 4' WHAT the President in a recent speech called "the blessed mission of liberty and humanity," is made the subject of forcible but not flattering comment by Bishop Thorburn, Methodist, in the Lutheran Observer. Speak-ing of American civilization as seen in Manila, he said:Š "My visit here has more than ever impressed me with the essential barbarity of war. Every alternate place of business seems to be a liquor shop of some kind, and the soldier has temptation before his eyes whichever way he 