324 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. But we quote again from the same article :Š The, S,tate should not teach religion for another reason. Religion is the enemy of the State, in, that it diverts the attention of men from this world to another, and teaches them to sacrifice this world to that other. This weakens the ties that hold families and States together, and has a tendency to reduce society to anarchy. The paper that uses such arguments (?) against the teaching of religion, is simply strengthening the hands of those who would make our public schools auxiliary to the. Church. Every unprejudiced man knows that true Christianity, is not " the enemy of the. State." Both Christ and the,  apostles: taught submission to rightful authority; and while Christianity teaches that, a good' hope of eternal life should be the first and great concern of every man, it also exhorts to diligence, in business ; and every infidel in the land knows that wherever you find, a. good Christian, one who is really worthy of the name, you find a good citizen., a good neighbor, and a good husband and father. Christianity guards the family, and cements family ties as nothing else can, and it is surprising that the Truth Seeker should deny it. The editor of that paper should read the twelfth chapter of Paul's epistle to the Romans, and learn what practical Bible Christian- ity is. C. P. B. The Divine Basis. THE Pearl of Days says :Š An awakened moral conviction throughout the land must precede civil Sunday statutes, otherwise such legislation will be loose and below the divine standard. The natural rules. of construction upon which language is founded, and the inex-orable. necessity for a certain consecutive-ness in mental action, make it well nigh-impossible but that falsehood and mis-statement ,should often bear unconscious and, unintentional testimony to the truth. It is - so- in this case. Before there is likely' to be- any legislation upon the Sun-day,  question purely on a civil basis,Šthat is, before purely civil Sunday statutes, willever be-passed, and. the religious stat-utes upon Sunday observance. be, expur-gated from the law books,Šthere must be an_ awakened moral conviction through-. out the land;" otherwise such legislation,  will. certainly be below the " divine stand-ard.". But what would be the divine. standard- of " civil Sunday. statutes" ? We have the divine standard of relig-ious ,Sabbath statutes. in Exodus 20 : 8, 9, 10: " Remember the, Sabbath day to keep it holy,. six ;days shalt thou labor and do all thy work-; but the-seventh day is the-Sabbath a the Lord thy God." However, thi&,law would not apply in. any. respect to, Sunday,, as the day mentioned in the statiite; quoted is the,-seventh- day, and Sunday is the first.day;.it is manifest, Ł therefore, that we must look elsewhere for the divine standard. No human court of law would accept the assertion in. Exodus,  "The seventh day is the. Sabbath," etc., as authority for a law on the statute, book of any State, that " no servile, labor shall be performed on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." Certainly not, the discrepancy is, too patent. Such an assumption would be preposterous. A careful, search of the divine statute book from the first phrase, " In the be-ginning," at the opening of Genesis, to the "Amen," which closes the last chapter of Revelation, fails to produce, a single precedent; Sunday must therefore stand solely upon its own worth as a secular day, with such extra dignity as human laws may have conferred upon it. Finding no standard then by which human legislation may regulate itself as to the day in particular, it will be nacos, sary to consider the other branch of the question, and ask what divine standard we are given by which to regulate civil Sunday legislation, as well as all other civil legislation ? Upon this we have,, the authority of Christ himself in Luke 20:25; and Matt. 22: 21, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Cresar's, and unto. God the things that are God's." And again in another place, " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." The di-vine standard by which all human legisla, tion must be governed is, here given. The first principle, laid down is that that which., is God's is extra judicial, entirely, and cannot be trenched upon by civil regula, tions, either to be added to, detracted from, or in any way to be made a subject of adjudication, Civil Sunday statutes, then, must be,  confined solely to such regulations of civil affairs, upon that day, as is acknowledged to be fit for the maintenance of good order and general civility upon the Fourth, of July, and other legal. holidays. For if it is a religious regulation it conflicts with, the " divine standard," and if purely civil it must contain no religious element. All civil Sunday statutes must also be strictly impartial; there must be in them nothing whatever which might not be equally ap-plicable to any other day; otherwise they will be found to conflict here and there with the standard,. "Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." When will there. be " throughout this land " such, an awakening ,of " moral con-victions " as will raise our civil statutes, to the divine standard ? And when will the,  law-makers, and those who appoint them, understand that the statutes of God are his, and that he has drawn an unalterable line of d'emarkation between,  them. and. the, civil regulations which he has granted man the , privilege, and. the ability, of es-talDlishing,for himself ? If it were possible for that day ever to come, there would be found in it no " looselegislation" in, which men would go outside their legislative sphere to enforce or interpret divine laws,  or under the title " Civil Sunday " to en- force a religious Sabbath. W. H. NI. Hits Them Too. FEREIHINKERS have discovered that they, as well as the Mormons, might easily be disfranchised under the Idaho test oath. Commenting upon that oath, andŁ how it would affect seventh-day Chris-tian& should Idaho adopt a rigid Sunday law, the- Truth Seeker says :Š It occurs to us also that the Freethinkers are in the,same boat. It is true that infidels do not teach as a religious duty that labor on Sunday is partic-ularly righteous, but they do teach that it is just as righteous as working on any day. This they do from a common-sense standpoint, which would come under the statutory description of " otherwise " than as a religious duty. Therefore, if Idaho shall by law define labor on Sunday as a crime, and disfran-chise all who advise, teach, counsel, or encourage it, the Freethinkers of the State, and they are legion, will have to be hypocrites or be classed with Mor-mons and deprived of their voting rights. So it is with a great many other things which are artificially made crimes by legislation. In some States, like New Jersey, for instance, speaking con-tumeliously of Christ is blasphemy, and blasphemy is a crime. Yet there are thousands of Freethink-ers, particularly in the boundless West, who . . . do speak. of Christ in just that manner. . . . But suppose Idaho should. borrow New Jersey's blasphemy law. . . . And with a prohibitory law, beer-sellers would be disfranchised, and so would all anti-prohibitionists who advise resistance to the law. . . . The oath, therefore, very plainly goes too far. If it should be rigorously administered, the voters of Idaho would be diminished to an ex-tremely small proportion of the population. Most people object to one or more of their State's statutes, and suppose Anarchists Tucker and' Pentecost, who object to all laws, should move out to IdahoŠwhy, two of the most intelligent and best citizens of the State couldn't get within miles of the polls. It is indeed apparent that the Idaho test oath does, as we said a week or two ago, go too far. It ought to be abolished. An. Answer to. Rev. Wilbur F'. Crafts on the Supday Amusement Question, THERE is a class of men lecturing through the country at the present time, who un-questionably take unwarranted positions on the subject of the conduct of the people on Sunday, and what is proper Sunday observance; and they wish to force every-body to conform to their ideas. We use the term force in its most literal sense, that of physical compulsion. That these men, have a perfect right to their ideas as to what is proper Sunday observance, and also by tongue and pen to labor to per-suacle,men to endorse and adopt them, no one for a, moment denies. But the doc-trine of coercion which they advocate is radically, wrong, and deserves to be frowned upon by every intelligent citizen and, lover, of civil and religious liberty. These men are trying to work the people, or one class of people, up to such a. pitch of religious zeal that they will demand that their ideas on religion shall be en-acted into law, and forced upon all classes, 