AMERICAN SENTINEL. 437 church of the Holy Sepulcher was out of repair. The Greek monks claimed the right of putting it in order. The Roman Catholic monks disputed their right. Russia supported one party, France the other. The monks came to blows; the diplomatists lost their heads. And then followed the war, with its frightful conse-quences. "England's two wars with China have had admirable results, but the causes of them were really very trifling. The first one, in 1840, was about whether John China-man should be permitted to smoke Indian opium or not; and the second, that of 1856, resulted from the seizure of a villainous pirate by an armed Chinese vessel. The pi-rate was Chinese, and he sailed in a Chinese ship, but he cunningly hoisted the Union Jack. Under these circum-stances, the pirate's capture was held to be an insult to England, and China's refusal to apologize led to hos-tilities. "We all know that the Red Indians fought for the love of the thing, but we must have been pretty fond of it ourselves in days gone by, for we fought France 272 times between 1110 and 1815, and the cause in most in-stances was nothing more than revenge." Strife is as foreign to the divine nature, as it is natu-ral to human nature. The divine nature is the nature of the Prince of Peace, and it is the mission of the gospel to eradicate human nature from the heart and substitute for it the divine nature, which God gave to man at crea- tion. In this, not in arbitration or peace treaties. lies the guaranty of permanent peace. I. Ł -4 -4 How the Youth View It ; or, a Chapter in Real Life. BY J. F. BALLENGER. GEORGE THOMPSONŠHello, Charlie! how are you get-ting along in mathematics? CHARLIE BROWNŠAll right; I have got to simple pro-portion,Šwhat father calls the single rule of three. GeorgeŠHaven't got to the single rule of seven yet, have you? CharlieŠNo; what do you mean? There is no such rule in my book. GeorgeŠYou are not up with the times. If you had been over to the church last night and heard Elder Twist preach on the seventh-first-day-Sabbath, you would have learned something of the single rule of seven. CharlieŠWhat does the single rule of seven have to do with the Sabbath? What joke are you trying to play on me now? Be sober now, George, and tell me what you mean. You are always getting off some of your nonsense. GeorgeŠNo; I am not. Elder Twist said last night in his sermon that the first day was the seventh day, and the seventh day was the first day; and that any day was the seventh day, and that the first day was any day; and that the Sunday law ought to be enforced to compel everybody to keep the first day. CharlieŠO, nonsense, George, you must have misun-derstood him. A law like that would compel us to keep  every day, and how could we do that? You are too full of your mischief, George, to listen to a sermon long enough to understand what the minister is saying. GeorgeŠWell, say; there comes Anna Hughes, our Sunday-school teacher; she was there, let us ask her. CharlieŠI will, when she comes up. CharlieŠGood morning, teacher; if you are not in a hurry, I would like to ask you a question. Miss HughesŠCertainly ; if I can assist you in any way I will be glad to do so. What is your question? CharlieŠGeorge Thompson says that Elder Twist stated in his sermon last evening that the first day wag the seventh day, and that the seventh day was the first day, and that any day was Sunday; and that we should have a law to compel everybody to keep Sunday. You were there, did you hear him say anything of the kind? Miss Hughes (laughing)ŠI guess that George did not pay very good attention to what the minister was say-ing. We should be very careful when we try to repeat what our pastor says. I think Brother Twist is an excel-lent good man, and a very deep and profound reasoner, and sometimes it requires very careful attention to un-derstand him. GeorgeŠExcuse me, Miss Hughes; did not the elder say we could call Monday the first day, and that would make Sunday the seventh day. Or, if we call Sunday the first that would make Saturday the seventh; or we could call any day the first day, and thus make any other day the seventh day of the week? Miss HughesŠIn that last word is where you misun-derstood Brother Twist. He did not say that you could begin to count at any day ancl,ke any other day the first day of the week. He did not mean that. GeorgeŠThen what did he mean? Miss HughesŠIle did not mean that the Sabbath day in the fourth commandment was the seventh day of the week, but only a seventh part of time or one day in seven, and that you could commence to count where you choose. GeorgeŠThen the Bible does not recognize such a pe-riod as a week, does it? Miss Hughes-0 yes; the week is mentioned several times in the Scriptures. I think it is some place in Mat-thew we read that "In the end of the Sabbath as it began to dawn toward the first day of the week." And again,. I think it is either in Luke or John that it speaks con-cerning the holy women, that "They returned and pre-pared spices and ointments and rested the Sabbath day according to the commandment," and then in the end of the Sabbath early the first day of the week they came to. the sepulchre bringing the spices they had prepared, etc. And either in Acts or one of the Epistles, I am not sure which, Paul says, "Now upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, when the people cametogether to break bread, Paul preached unto them till mid-night," etc. And in several other places the week is men-tioned. 