812 AMERICAN SENTINEL. disaster to his work, by disclaiming identity with any government or power except those of heaven. When Christian missionary work is established upon this basis it will be successful as never before. THE position of negro churches of the North regard-ing the lynchings in the South, is indicated by the ,fol-lowing resolution passed at meetings of African churches in Chicago, April 30:Š "We plead for equal and exact justice. We condone no crime, nor do we wish to shield criminals from the penalties they deserve. All we ask is the' rigid enforce-ment of law. We contend that no man or woman should be put to death except by due process of law. We want every protection possible to be thrown around the home and the highest penalty visited upon the violator of its sanctity. At the same time we hold to the doctrine that ours is a land of liberty and law, and that every person charged with a crime should have a fair trial." A Sunday Bill in Rhode Island. A BILL is now before the legislature of Rhode Island which is entitled "An Act to regulate the observance of the Lord's day." Its aim is to greatly increase the pen-alty for performing secular business on Sunday. The present law of the State provides a maximum penalty of $10 for every such offense; but under this proposed law a person working on Sunday will be liable to a fine of $500. A hearing on this bill is to be given Tuesday, the 16th inst. Section 1 of this Act relates to games and sports, and provides a fine not to exceed $5 for indulgence in such "on the Lord's day." Section 2 of the Act provides as follows:Š "Whoever on the Lord's day keeps open his shop, warehouse or workhouse, or does any manner of labor, business or work, except works of necessity and charity, or takes part in any sport, game or play, or public di-version, except a concert of sacred music, or an enter-tainment given by a religious or charitable society, the proceeds of which, if any, are to be devoted exclusively to a charitable or religious purpose, shall be punished by fine not exceeding fifty dollars for each offense, and the proprietor, manager or person in charge of such game, sport, play or public diversion, other than such concert of sacred music, or an entertainment given by a religious or charitable society, the proceeds of which, if any, are to be devoted exclusively to a charitable or re-ligious purpose, shall be punished by fine not less than fifty and' not exceeding five hundred dollars for each of-fense; ,but nothing in this section shall be held to pro Ł hibit the manufacture and distribution of steam, gas or electricity for illuminating purposes, heat or motive power, nor the distribution of water for fire or domestic purposes, nor the use of the telegraph or the telephone, nor the retail sale of drugs and medicines, nor articles ordered by the prescription of a physician, nor mechani- cal appliances used by physicians or surgeons, nor the letting of horses and carriages, nor the letting of yachts and boats, nor the running of steam ferry boats on es-tablished routes, or of street railway cars, nor the prep-aration, printing and publishing of newspapers, nor the sale and delivery of newspapers, nor the wholesale or re-tail sale and delivery of milk, nor the transportation of milk, nor the making of butter and cheese, nor the keeping open of public bath houses, nor the making or selling by bakers or their employes of bread or other ' food usually dealt in by them, before ten o'clock in the morning and between the hours of four o'clock and half past six o'clock in the evening. Whoever conscientiously believes that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and actually refrains from sec-ular businesS and labor on that day, shall not be liable to the penalties of this section for performing secular business and labor on the Lord's day, if heŁ disturbs no other person." The important features of this bill are, its title, its heavy fine for Sunday work, its numerous exceptions, and its exemption clause for observers of the seventh day. The title is very suggestiveŠ"An Act to regulate the observance of the Lord's day." It suggests the query, Why must man take it upon himself to regulate some-thing that he confesses belongs to the Lord? Suppose, for a parallel, the leading men in a village should meet and pass an act "To regulate the use of John Smith's boat." What would John Smith say to that? He would say, "That boat is mine, and the use of it is none of their business. I will regulate that myself as I see fit." And the person using his boat would very properly say, "I will answer to John Smith for the use I make of his boat, and to no one else." Every candid person must admit that for one person to assume to dictate what use an-other person shall make of his own property, is an act of gross impertinence; and this would be equally true where more than one person were concerned in the dicta-tion. This is what would be in a case between human be-ings. But what must be said when the party against whom such impertinence is directed is none other than the infinite God? In that case must it not be regarded as something far worse than impertinence? The Lord has himself regulated the observance of his day, and that too for the very people for whom the Rhode Island Legislature is now asked to regulate it. God's regulations for the day are contained in the fourth precept of the decalogue. Now the legislature of Rhode Island is asked to substitute some different regulations. And this petition is made by clergymenŠpeople who pro-fess to love and reverence the Aithor of the fourth com-mandment. The Lord's regulations for the Lord's day are in force, and these new regulations are to be in force, and these differing regulations are to be in force at the same time on the same people! And as it is manifestly true that no person can observe differing regulations for the same thing at one time, and as it is manifestly in- 