212 NI.EfArti OA N  VoL. 10, No. 27. uniform in its punishments. That law has been more than once considered by the Court of Appeals and al-ways held to be constitutional, and if the law was the same now as then, and the constitution the same now as then, the constitutionality of this. act would not be an open question in Kentucky. However, in enacting laws under the new constitution the legislature has seen fit to ingraft on what was the general Sunday law, Sections 1,303 and 1,322, and has also materially changed the intentions and language of the act, and it is now contended that Section 1,303, denouncing a heavier penalty upon persons selling liquor on Sunday than upon any other violator of the act is unconstitu-tional, because the same is special legislation. On the contrary, it is urged, with much research and learn-ing by the learned assistant county attorney that this section is no part of the Sunday law, but is a part of the liquor law of the State. I can not, however, con-cur in this view. The mere position in the statute books is immaterial. That the purpose of this act was  to compel the observance of the Christian Sabbath by all persons who  did  not observe some other day of the seven, is, I think, evidenced alike by this prosecu tion  and  the, construction always given  to this  act. That it was intended to operate more severely upon the vender of ardent spirits is demonstrated by the increased penalty. Section 59 of the constitution of 1890 provides: " No special law shall be passed to regulate the pun-ishment of crimes and misdemeanors," and ,` in all cases where a general law can be made applicable, no special law shall be enacted." The Kentucky authorities cited by learned counsel for the prosecution consider alone the general Sunday law existing prior to 1880, the constitutionality of which could not be questioned either upon principle or authority. But the Kentucky Court of Appeals has never construed Section 1,303 of the present statutes at all, nor has it ever construed any Sunday law in the light of the Bill of Rights as amended. I am of the opinion that both under the constitution of 1849 and the constitution of 1890 this section is void as spe-cial legislation discriminating against one class of cit-izens. That one general law, applicable to all persons, can be made, is demonstrated by the fact that upon our statute books from 1801 to 1880 we had just such a law, but the legislature, by discriminating against one class of citizens, under the act. and seeking to exempt  certain other classes from the operation  of the act, have cast a cloud over the whole law. I am of the opinion that Section 1,303 is violative of Section 59 of the new constitution, and is void. It follows, therefore, that the general demurrer to the three warrants must be sustained and the defendants dis-charged. Neither of these defendants is arraigned under Sec-tion 1,321, but together with the learned Circuit Judge, I am asked to express my opinion as to its-constitu-tionality. It is not involved in this case, but as coun-sel with great labor and patience have presented the matter, we have consented to state our views. General Sunday laws are upheld by the courts as le-gitimately within the purview of the police power of a State, and not because of any religious idea that they represent. But  not even the  police power can discriminate.  It must apply with equal force to all. The Sunday law, as it existed from 1801 to 1880, ap-plied to all persons and forbade labor on Sunday, ex-cept the ordinary household offices and works of ne-cessity and charity, but did not apply to any person who is a member of a religious society who observed any other day of the seven as a Sabbath. The recent revision of our laws, however, undertakes to except from the operation of this act persons who labor in the maintenance or operation of a ferry, skiff, steam-boat or steam or street railway. The statute is silent as to the reason for these exceptions. It is urged that the legislature has construed these to be works of ne-cessity, but it is not the work of the legislature to construe the law; that is the duty of the courts. Counsel for the prosecution concede great trouble at this Fiint, but attempt to meet the objection by ar-guing that the exceptions are void and not the law. But this is not reconcilable with the usual canons of construction. The Court of Appeals within a month past has held that the operation of an excursion train  on Sunday is a labor of necessity, and that the em-ployes and railroad are not punishable under this act.  Here, then, is a statute applicable to all persons except wharfmen, steamboatmen, railroaders, ferrymen, and men who may operate skiffs. These men, notwithstanding their faith in the Chris-tian Sabbath, may be compelled by their employes to work on that day without fear of punishment, while on the other hand a citizen, however sincere his faith and devout his observance of some other day of the seven than Sunday, yet if he be not a member of some religions society, is not exempt from the operation of the act. If this law is to be enforced as a humanita-rian measure, bringing to the tired laborer a needed surcease from toil, why except from its benign opera-tion the five classes above referred to, than whom none work more assiduously ? It is at,  this point that the " rest-from-labor " argument fails, and the statute stands  upon the religious idea alone.  The Act of 1801. was on principle and authority constitutional. With its ingrafted exceptions, I am of the opinion that it is unconstitutional, both because it comes within the inhibitions of the new constitution against special leg-islation. and because it is a religious Statute, violative of Article 5 of the Bill of Rights.  I do not hold that a general Sunday law may not be passed in accordance with the new constitution. On the contrary, I am of the opinion that such a law could be passed, but I am forced to the conclusion that Sections 1,303, 1,321 and 1,322 are each and all out of harmony with the provisions of the organic law, and, therefore, void. This section of the constitution is unique in its pro-visions  that " the civil rights, privileges, and capaci-ties of no person shall be taken away or in any wise diminished or enlarged on account of his belief or disbelief of any religious tenet, dogma  or teaching." This recognition and protection of the disbeliever as well as the believer I find in no other published constitution. Any punishment for non-observance  of a "religious day" is violative of this section.  CHARLES S. RICHIE: Judge. A CRIME TO LAUGH. [From London Queen.] THE introduction of the Sunday bill by Lord Hobhouse brings us the fact that we are governed in respect to Sunday observations by an act of the year 1781. It seems that a Sunday lecture can always be made the subject of prosecution. Some time ago a Sunday lecturer at Leeds was actually sacrilegious enough to make his audi-ence laugh. The proprietor of the lecture hall was thereupon prosecuted for keeping a disorderly house. Music can now be given in the open air on Sunday, but if it is given in a room nothing must be charged for chairs. In other words, it will be possible for any body of men and women to run Sunday concerts and Sunday lectures with the view of making them pay expenses, but not for their own profit. In the years 1200 and 1201 one Eustace, abbot of Flaye, preached throughout England the observance of the Lord's day. He en-joined that no kind of work should be done after the ninth hour on Saturday until sunrise on IVIonday. According to the manner of the times his preaching was backed up by miracles. At Beverly a carpenter persisting in finishing a wedge after the ninth hour fell down in paralysis. In the same town a woman went on with her weaving after the ninth hour. Result, paralysis, with loss of voice. At Itafferton a man made a loaf and baked it on Saturday evening. When he broke it on Sunday morning, blood started from it. At Wakefield a miller, grinding after hours, ground out blood instead of flour. In Lincolnshire a woman made a loaf and  put it in the oven. It remained dough! In the same county a pious woman, finding it was the ninth hour, set aside her loaves. Lo ! on Sunday morning the loaves were beautifully baked without any fire at all. And yet, the chronicler adds, in spite of these miracles the people have returned to the holding of markets on the Sunday ! " DEAD TO THE LAW." BY J. F. BALLENGER. AMONG the opposers of the Seventh-day Sabbath, those who are the most desperate in their efforts to get rid of the fourth command-ment, seize upon the expression in Rom. 7: 4: " Ye also are become dead to the law," and a few other similar expressions, to 'prove that the law enforcing the seventh day is dead, and therefore all are released from its observance. I freely admit that if the Sabbath command is dead, no person is under any obligation to keep it. But the reader will notice that the apostle is talking about the law as a whole; hence, if one command is dead, then all are dead, and, consequently, no one is required to obey any one of the ten commandments. But let us examine the character of the law. In verse 7, Paul says, " Is the law sin? God for-bid." If it is not sin it must be righteousness. Surely, there could be no call for the abolition of a righteous law; and in verse 12, he says, " Wherefore the law (as a whole) is holy, and the commandment (the tenth commandment which slew the apostle, see verse 7) holy, and just, and good ;" and in verse 14, he says, " For we know that the law is spiritual; but.  I am carnal, sold under sin." Reader, can you see any reason why a law that is righteous, holy, just, good and spiritual, should be slain? Further, if the law was abolished because it bore the above characteristics, then it was ab-rogated in order to legalize the opposites,Šunrighteousness, unholiness, injustice, evil and carnality. How any person outside the realm of dark-ness could ever argue for a moment that the law of Romans 7 could ever have been killed is a mystery only explained in the light of such texts as Matt. 6: 23: " If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness! " How, then, shall we understand the expres-sion, "dead to the law "? The reader will notice that the apostle adds, " Wherefore, my brethren, ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ." Then it is through the death of Christ our substitute that we become dead to the law. When the Saviour's body was slain on the cross it was to make satisfac-tion to the divine law; and every child of Adam was included in that sacrifice. " Christ died for the ungodly " (Rom. 5: 6). He gave his flesh for " the life of the world " (John 6 :51). " He is the propitiation (or satisfaction) . . . for the sins of the whole world " (1 John 2: 2). So that when Christ " bare our sins in his own body on the tree" (1 Peter 2: 24), every sinner was included in that death. Herein is seen the grace or favor of God which bringeth salvation, that bath appeared to all men (Titus 2: 11). But all men will not accept the favor of God; many of them may change the truth of God into a lie, and worship the creature more than the Creator (Rom. 1:25); or they may turn the, grace of God into lasciviousness, denying the only Lord God and our Lord Jesus Christ (Jude 4). Yet, notwithstanding all their sins and unbe-lief, no person will ever die a natural death or the death entailed by the sin of Adam as a penalty for the violation of the divine law, 