166 ANtire,tcA.NT VOL. 11, No. 21. We Want no God that Can Be " Put In " or "Taken Out." Oh, friends, a god that can be "put in" or "taken out" of the printed document is no god upon which the soul may rest with a sense that it is cradled in infinity. Well does Bishop Trench say:Š If there had anywhere appeared in space, Another place of refuge, where to flee, Our hearts had taken refuge in that place, And not with thee. For we against creation's bars had beat Like prisoned eagles, through great worlds had sought, Though but a foot of ground to plant our feet, Where thou wert not. And only when we found in earth and air, In heaven or hell, that such might nowhere be, That we could not flee from thee anywhere, We fled to thee. A Personal °Appeal. I have made my point. I have preached my sermon. Let me cease here, but not without a personal appeal to each one of you. It is more than a freak of language that ap-plies the word " constitution " to the funda-mental document of the government and the foundation organism of your life and mine. How is it in regard to our " constitutions," yours and mine? When the red blood courses joyously in the veins, when pure air finds its way through sound tissues to kiss these red rivers into vigor and vitality, then God is in our physical constitution. When by sins of omission and commission the rivers grow stag-nant and the red stream darkens, then we put God out of our physical life. So in the life of the soul, when love courses joyously in all the chambers of the soul, when thought touches love into vitality, when God is in the heart, the life of the soul is God-life; but when selfishness or indolence causes love to languish and the streams of usefulness be-come festering pools, then we have lost the life of God in the soul, we have missed him out of our "constitution." He is to be sought in the body, in the soul, in society and in the state of indirection. We may miss him when we pursue him. We must find him when we forget him in our divine quest for that in which when we live in those things which are eternal, we find the highest manifestations of that spirit and the noblest expressions of that power. Destroy the False that the True May Live. " Kill Buddha" was the motto of that Buddhistic sect which our friend Kinza Riuga Hirai of Parliament of Religion mem-ories, belonged to. " Kill the Buddha" of form, "kill the Buddha ",of doctrine, kill the official Buddha, kill the sacerdotal Buddha in order that Buddha, the spirit of gentleness, Buddha, the prophet of humanity, Buddha of the pitying hand, Buddha of the inquiring mind may be found. So with Christ, the of-ficial; Christ the dogma; . . . Christ the stately" Ruler of Nations" in the words of the resolution; let him be killed, pass out of our statute books, wither in our creeds, fade in our minds, that Jesus the tender lover of babes, Jesus the compassionate brother of the fallen and stained, Jesus the shepherd of the lost, Jesus the inspirer of the discouraged, Jesus the advocate of the poor, Jesus the open-handed brother of hu-manity, the splendid prophet of justice, may live more and more abundantly. Sweet thought of God! now do thy work As thou bast done before; Wake up, and tears will wake with thee, And the dull mood be o'er. The very thinking of the thought Without or praise or prayer, Gives light to know, and life to do, And marvelous strength to bear. Oh, there is music in that thought, Unto a heart unstrung, Like sweet bells at the evening time, Most musically rung. 'Tis not His justice or His power, Beauty or blest abode, But the mere unexpended thought Of the eternal God. It is not of His wondrous works, Not even that He is; Words fail it, but it is a thought Which by itself is bliss. Ł -4- MORE RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION IN MARY- LAND. Ford's Store, Md., May 15, 1896. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: I drop a few lines to inform you of the persecution here at Ford's Store. Alick Dodd and myself, both Seventh-day Adventists, have been arrested for Sunday work. The road men took Brother Dodd's bridge up on Saturday at the foot of his lane and left it up, so that he could not get oat on the public road without replacing the plank. He replaced them Sunday and was arrested. I live near the M. E. Church, and while look-ing round a little on Sunday, picked up two or three roots and tossed them upon a pile of such rubbish in my own lot. For this I was arrested, charged with two offensesŠbreaking the Sunday law, and disturbing public wor-ship. I was at least one hundred and thirty feet from the church, and did not make any noise. Both Brother Dodd and myself were brought up for trial, but waived examination, and were bound over to the Circuit Court, as I would not be tried by the magistrate because he had expressed his feelings toward our people in my presence, and I knew he would not do justice. The accusers are as usual the class leader of the Methodist Church, and members of his flock for witnesses. Brother Dodd's hearing was on the 11th of May, and mine was on the 13th. W. A. MANSFIELD. THE POLITICAL SITUATION IN COLOMBIA. BY FRANCISCO CORTIS. THE political situation is an enigma and presents the same aspect no two days. The government's position as briefly stated by its minister of government is: "The government cannot to-morrow show the clemency that it did yesterday." The government tells the people that " it keeps its promises and guar-antees the liberties it recognizes." What these liberties are the reader shall judge for him-self, from the statement of facts herewith given. The former constitution granted many liberties not allowed by the present one, which by its terms, and under certain con-ditions, permits the president to exercise " extraordinary powers." This, to a certain extent at least, makes him equal to a king. By other specifications he is placed in a position which leaves him practically free from responsibility for his actions. The ex-traordinary powers, it is asserted, have been used to advance party interests and curtail the liberties guaranteed by the constitution. A large class of citizens demand a return  to the strict letter of the constitution as it now is. To secure this end they have organized political clubs opposed to the present regime. Whether they exist for any other purpose than to secure a full vote at the elections, which take place during the next four weeks, I am unable to say. It is certain, however, that they are not viewed with favor by the ruling party, but are regarded as revolution-ary organizations. Another thing is also very evident, that if the elections are left to take a free and unobstructed course, others will be chosen for the places occupied by the present rulers. There is a factor in the struggle that many of the people do not recognize, and that factor is the Roman Catholic Church. She may pose in the United States as the champion of civil and religious liberty, but her claims would have to be discounted considerably more than one hundred per cent. in this country in order to arrive at their true value. Those who are struggling for greater liberty think that they are good Catholics, and would not say anything to injure the church, re-garding her as their friend. But does she regard them as her friends ? By no means. Did she not, only a year ago, excommun-icate and curse all who would not do her bidding ? She certainly did in a circular is-sued by Bernado, Archbishop of Bogota, May 6, 1895, and printed in the SENTINEL June 27. The archbishop's circular was only a prelude to the following circular just issued by the government:Š Circular No. 656. Bogota, Republic de Colombia, April 4, 1896. OFFICE OF THE MINISTER OF GOVERNMENT. To the Governors, Department Commanders, Chief of Police, and Commanders of Military Posts:Š The Government has desired to surround, with all classes of guarantees, the important right of suffrage, and to this end its agents have been in-structed. But that which it has done to guard the rights of the citizen and fulfill a duty, some classes, who do not understand what it is to discharge a duty in an elec-tion, have taken as a sign of impotency or weakness on the part of the government. The sound of war, the hasty movements of warlike organizations, exist already in various parts of the republic. These do not tend toward a peaceful discussion. They are forerunners and producers of various disorders The press already adopts a shamefully-insulting tone cal-culated to fire and stir up the mind, and it hardly ever fails to be a forewarning of a revolt. It appears as though a considerable part of our people, strangers to the practices of a republic, were totally incapable of peaceable electorial contests. Confronted by such a situation the government can-not remain a silent and inert witness. It keeps its promises and guarantees the liberties it recognizes, but it does not confound, neither will it permit others to confound right with abuse, suffrage with sedi-tion, in the revolutionary organizations at the voting places. If on one hand it is not disposed to limit or restrict electorial rights, on the other hand it is prepared to suppress with energy and rigor the disorders that are announced as already existing in various parts of the republic on account of the elections. Public order and peace are above all else, and it is the government's dutyŠand it will perform itŠto preserve these at whatever price; it will vigorously use the means that are in its hands to that end, although deploring that in a republic which appeared to be entering upon a settled life, such conflicts still arise. Now, if these constant enemies of law and order have not learned from the recent severe chastisement given them, and intend again to renew armed resist-ance and rebel against the government; . . . the government cannot to-morrow use the clemency that it used yesterday. It must kill once and forever that revolutionary hydra and exterminate completely the virulent, loathsome ulcer of anarchistic liberalism of Colombia. You, the immediate agents of the government, will follow your former instructions upon this subject; but in no case must be tolerated the above-mentioned 