342 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Łof these, that is, the Noble Guard, is commanded by Prince Altieri, and is composed of fifty young members of the Roman nobility. Each member of the corps re-ceives from three to four hundred lire a month, and a special club is maintaintained for their use and amuse-ment. The Swiss Guard numbers one hundred strong, and the men are specifically selected for their youth and strength. Their duty is to guard the d oors and entrances to the Vatican, and they are armed with the Remington rifle. As under the old regulations they will still carry the halberd while on parade. The Palatine Guard is di-vided into two companies, commanded by General Eros-tarosa, who has under him a staff of two majors and four captains. This corps raised from among the citizens of Rome, is called out only on special occasions. The gen-darmes number one hundred, under the command of Colonel Taglifletri, and are recruited from ex-soldiers of the Italian army, specially recommended by Italian bishops for their religious fidelity and fervor. The fire-men, or pompiers, number thirty, and are always in the Vatican." Christian Petitions. BY M. E. KELLOGG. IT will, we think, be conceded by everyone that when any church or religious order believes that it is being,  treated unjustly or discriminated against in any way by the government under which it exists, it has a right, as a church, to protest and appeal from such action of the government. But that a church, as a church, should in its organized, authoritative capacity petition the gov-ernment-in regard to the relations of the government to other nations is quite another, affair, and its right and propriety in doing so are very questionable. But the -church known as The United Brethren in Christ has, in a late general conference held at Toledo, Ohio, passed the following resolution, which is addressed to President McKinley :Š " Based on our latest advice as to the situation, we,Ł the members of the twenty-second general conference of the Church of the United Brethren in Christ, representing '250,000 communicants, do hereby earnestly express the hope that, in behalf of liberty and humanity, you in your -wisdom may see your way clear to declare in favor of the recognition of the belligerent rights of the Cuban people." This is not the first time that a church has endeavored to influence the Government of the United States in a -certain direction; but heretofore, as far as our knowledge extends, efforts of this character have been confined to an attempt to influence the Government's action in re-gard to some affair which concerned no other nation than our own. But here is a change. The United Breth-ren in Christ, as a church, are trying to influence the ŁGovernment in regard to a measure of foreign policy, in-volving its relations with another nation. Not only so, but they are advising an action which many think would -embroil this nation in a war with Spain ! This is hardly ,consonant with the true idea of the nature and duty of the Church of Jesus Christ. The fact is the churchmen of our day have gotten so far away from the true, scriptural idea of what the church exists for, that they are liable to thrust the church into almost anything. Had the first Christian council which assembled in Jerusalem in the year A. D. 51 passed a resolution calling upon the Emperor of Rome to grant belligerent rights to Radimister, who at that time was engaged in a war against Vonones II., King of Persia, it would have been no more incongruous and out of place than this late action of the Church of the United Brethren in Christ. If this church, or any other church, has a mission or any excuse or reason for a denominational existence, it is for the purpose of saving souls. Neither it, nor any other church, has any mission to advise or suggest to the Government what its foreign policy shall be. If war is troubling any land, there is always a proper thing for Christians to do, and whether they call themselves "Uni-ted Brethren " or not they can be " united " in this : To humbly petition the King of heaven, through Jesus Christ, that human passions and ambitions may be stayed, war restrained; that kings and rulers may so conduct the civil affairs entrusted to them "that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty" (1 Tim. 2 : 2), and that the peculiar and sole work of the church, to save souls, may not be restrained or hindered by war or other evil things. Such petitions may be presented every day, and we may be sure that they will not be made in vain. p Love and and the Sabbath. C. H. KESLAKE. To know God is to know love, for "God is love." No one can know God, and not love, for we read, "He that loveth not knoweth not God, for God is love." 1 John 4:8. It must therefore be true that he who knows God loves God. And the fact that he loves God is proof posi-tive that he knows God, for again it is written:Š "Every one that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God." 1 John 4:7. Because this is true it is further said, "Beloved, let us love one another, for love is of God." "If any man say, I love God, and hateth his brother, he is a liar, for he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen?" 1 John 4:20. Thus will it be seen that it is perfectly natural for him who knows and loves God to love his fellowman. It is utterly impossible for it to be otherwise. And so when weread, "This commandment have we from him, that he who loveth God love his brother also," we may learn that God's commandments are not arbitrary, but that they find their source in, and are the expression of the love that God has for his creatures. Hence we find the Saviour, in reply to the question, "Which is the greatest commandment in the law?" say-ing, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy 