AMERICAN SENTINEL. 205 THE Filipinos under Aguinaldo hold several thou-sand Spanish prisoners, for whose release there is, of course, a very earnest desire in Spain. Aguinaldo re-fuses to surrender them without a ransom, and the American commander, General Otis, has forbidden Spain to pay any money to Aguinaldo, since it would strengthen the Filipinos in their contest with the United States. It appears that international law sanctions the right of a nation to treat with "rebels" if the latter have been recognized as " belligerents; " hence it is feared that Spain may recognize the Filipino forces as such, in order to secure the international right to treat with them for the release of the Spanish prisoners. The cloud of international controversy refuses to lift its shadow from the field of American "expansion" in Asia. 41 Book Notice. WE have received a copy of "A Conspiracy Against the Republic," a pamphlet of one hundred pages, just issued by the author, Charles V. Waite, of Chicago. It relates to the efforts that have been made ever since this republic was established, and especially of late years, to commit the Government to a policy of religious legis-lation. Among the subjects considered are, the relation of the church to the Constitution, early demands for re-ligious legislation, Sunday mails; chaplains in Congress, taxation of church property, national support of secta-rian schools, the Blair religious amendment to the Con-stitution, Sunday observance, the United States as a Christian country, and "God in the Constitution." The facts presented, says the author, "have been obtained at considerable expense of time and labor, and are abso-lutely reliable." It is his wish that these facts " shall serve to open the eyes of the reader, so that he may see more clearly that of which he before had but a faint con-ception, and thus be stimulated to active efforts to prevent the consummation of a great political crime." A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the o-wortunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. NOT ICE.ŠWe have on hand three copies of The Graphic Atlas and Gaz-etteer of the World, containing fine, clear maps of all the States of the United States, the countries of the world, and an index to every city and country. Original price $7.00. We will sell them at $2.75 each. Order quickly; there's only three. TO OtiR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bang Draft on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Ł Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION, l'UBLISHEE WEEKLY BY PACIFIC MSS PFBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. " Six months - .50. Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. IMPORTANT TRACTS. Elihu on the Sabbath. B. S. L., No. 42. A brief but clear and forcible setting forth of the Bible argu-ment on the Sabbath question. $1.00 per 100. Which Day Do You Keep and Why? B. S. L., No. 48. By G. W. Amadon. A clear, pithy tract, good for busy people. It gives God's answers to man's excuses for not obeying Him. 50 cents per 100. From Sabbath to Sunday. B. S. L., No. 95. Among other important testimony concerning the Sabbath question, this tract contains "Father" En-right's $1,000 challenge for Bible proof of the sacred-ness of Sunday. It is unanswerable. 50 cents per 100.  Who Changed the Sabbath? B. S. L., No. 107. This is one of the, best numbers of the Library, and has been thoroughly revised. It contains the testi-mony of. Protestant and Roman Catholic authorities bearing on this great subject, which is now agitating so many minds. The plain testimony of the Script-ures and history is also clearly presented in an, ,ver to this important question. $1.50 per 100. The Identical Seventh Day. B. S. L., No. 114. There are three common objections brought against the Bible Sabbath: (1) The round world; (2) lost time; (3) the seventh part of time. These objections are candidly considered and clearly answered in this little tract of sixteen pages.. $1.00 per 100. New Testament Sabbath. B. S. L., No. 137 The different texts in the New Testament referring to the first day of the week, and thought by many to 