AMERICAN SENTINEL. 763 It requires no argument to prove that Caesar repre-sents the civil government. At the time of Christ, Caesar was the representative of the civil government of Rome. The one stands for the other; hence their names are used synonymously. Therefore the only things that belong to Cmsar or to the civil government are the things which are purely civil. With civil things only can civil govern-ments have rightfully anything to do. The things that are religious are to be rendered direct to God. It is clear therefore that when the civil government demands that which belongs to God, it puts itself in the place of God; and demanding the things that belong to God it is only a question of time when it will lose even the things which belong to itself. In other words, the time would come when a religious hierarchy would get the ascendancy, and control even those things that are civil, for its own ends. In asserting the doctrine of separation of church and state, the Saviour also taught the doctrine that all men are equalŠthat the natural rights of all men are equal and inviolable. It could not be otherwise. The civil government is the "minister of God to thee for good." In its proper place human government can be nothing else but goodŠno matter what the form of government might be. But they can be what they were intended to be only as they recognize the equality of all men. And the government that comes the nearest to recognizing this principle comes the nearest to the mind of Christ with reference to earthly governments; and so far as it is possible, would come the nearest to that divine govern-ment over which Christ is to rule when all earthly gov-ernments shall be no more. And the more the equal rights of all men are recognized by any government, the less tyrannical will that government be. As in the matter of religious liberty, so of these thingsŠthey are the teachings of Jesus Christ. Both were denied by the papacy. But they were recognized by the founders of this Government, and incorporated into the fundamental law of the land; and this too with the express object of keeping out from governmental affairs the papacy or anything like the papacy, no matter what name it might go under. Thus in the immortal Declaration of Independence we have the words, "We hold these truths to be self evi-dent: that all men are created equal, that they are en-dowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of hap Ł piness; that to secure these rights, governments are in-stituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." And when the Constitution was framed, these principles, as stated above, were in-corporated into it. This is Christ-like. This is lamb-like. And, as we said last week, with reference to the question of religious liberty, so we now say with reference to the foregoing: the United States is the only Government in all history from the days of Christ down, that ever followed the example of Christ. And Bancroft spoke the truth when  he said, "Vindicating the right of individuality even in religion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its relation to God the principle first divinely ordained in Judea." Thus it is proven conclusively that the United States is the government symbolized by the beast having the two horns like a lamb. Rev. 13:11. Ł .1 "I The Sacred Right of Conscience. Ix " Legal Maxims," compiled and published by Herbert Broom, LL. D., a London barrister, the right of conscience is upheld in the following words:Š "Summa ratio est quae pro religiose facit,ŠThat rule of conduct is to be deemed binding which religion dictates. "The maxim above cited from the commentaries of Sir E. Coke is in truth, derived from the Digest; where Papinian, after remarking that certain religious observ-ances were favored by the Roman law, gives as a reason, Summan esse rationem quae pro religions facit. "It may, however, safely be affirmed that, if ever the laws of God and man are at variance, the former are to obeyed in derogation of the latter; that the law of God is, under all circumstances, superior in obligation to that of man; and that, consequently, if any general custom were opposed to the divine law, or if any statute were passed directly contrary thereto,Šas if it were en-acted generally, that no one should give alms to any object in ever so necessitous a condition,Šsuch a custom, or such an Act, would be void. "It may further be observed, that, upon these two foundations, the law of nature and the law of revelation, depend all human laws; that is to say, no human laws can be suffered to contradict these. For instance, in the case of murder: this is expressly forbidden by the divine, and demonstrably by the natural law, and if any human law should allow or enjoin us to commit it, we are bound to transgress that human law, or else we must offend both the natural and the divine. `Neither are positive laws, even in matters seemingly indifferent, any further binding than they are agreeable with the laws of God and nature.' "It cannot, however, be doubted that obedience to the laws of our country, provided such laws are not opposed to the law of God, is a moral duty; and, there-fore, although disobedience is justifiable in the one case supposed, of a contradiction between divine and human laws, yet this is not so either when the human law affirms the divine* in a matter not indifferent in itself,Šas when it forbids theft, or when the human law com-mands or prohibits in a matter purely indifferent; and in both these cases it becomes a moral duty on the part of the subject to obey." These legal maxims constitute what may be called the classics of Anglo-Saxon lawŠthe foundation princi-ples established centuries ago, affirmed by the most celebrated legal authorities, and which have come down unchallenged to the present time. As such they are justly to be regarded as unquestionable authority. *This is true as the authors meant it, but not as affirming that human law can rightfully affirm the law of God, as such. 