246 ri%  I-1 E AmEnicAN SENTINEL. question. "Half a loaf is better than no, loaf at all, so'we had better get the saloons closed on Sunday than not have them closed,  at all," etc. Well! and so the temperance party is going to compromise with the saloon element, is it? And if the bad, wicked Sunday saloon will just con-sent to go out of business, the good, moral, six-day' saloon, will be allowed to continue, and the temperance people will pat it on the back and generally encourage it, eh ? This is undoubtedly what such an argument means, if it means anything, for the same power that can close the saloons on Sunday can close them every other day in the week, as they de-serve to be; and all this talk about "half a loaf," etc., is simply saying that half a loaf is all they want on this question. As long as the Sunday saloon is classed with Sunday newspapers, Sunday base-ball, etc., peo-ple naturally consider that it is legitimate on other days. And why not? 'Base-ball, news-papers, etc., are legitimate, certainly, and when-ever the saloon is classed in with such things, people necessarily conclude that, apart from Sun-day, the saloon is just as honest as any of these things mentioned. The saloon should certainly be opposed, and the whole of the accursed traffic connected with it should be wiped out forever ; but, let our op-position be based upon the consistent grounds that the saloon is pernicious in its work and effects; not only on Sunday, but upon every other day of the week as well. J. W. SCOLES. The-Purpose of the National Re- formers. ACCORDING to the report of Secretary Wylie, of the National Reform Association, Miss Anna Shaw in her argument before the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, of Steuben County, Indiana, claimed that the safety of the re-public in point of Sunday observance, National Reform, temperance reform, etc., depends upon granting the elective franchise to women. The claim is supported by Secretary Wylie, who closes his letter with the following:Š "The address carried conviction to many hearts. Some who have resisted every argument they have heretofore heard, yielded to the invincible logic of Miss Shaw. The whole address, as well as other ex-ercises, was leavened with Bible truth as to . civil government. "Delegates were appointed to attend the National Reform Convention in Pittsburg, in April. Among the resolutions passed was one on the Sabbath ques-tion endorsing the Blair Sunday-Rest bill'" In the light of the foregoing, it is evident that the W. C. T. U. of that locality are thoroughly committed to the religio-political schemes of the National Reformers. The intolerance of the National Reform move-ment is set forth in a letter from another secre-tary--FosterŠof the National Reform Associa-tion, in the issue of the Christian Statesman of March 14. Referring to a lecture given by himself at the Kentucky State University, Louis-ville; Secretary Foster said:Š "An opportunity was given to ask questions. A student asked : ' Would not the enactment of a na-tional Sabbath law oppress the conscience of those who keep the seventh day ? ' It was answered : We have Sabbath laws already in every State in the Union, with the exception of California. We would not think of abolishing these laws because a few breth-ren object. Now what we want is to have the Nation fall into line with the States.' " This is putting it rather delicately. "We  would not think of abolishing these laws because a few brethren object." Translated into tren-chant English, this means we would coerce-the mi-nority into obedience to State and National Sun-day laws, without regard to their conscientious scruples. All right, brethren; if you think that to be the spirit of the gospel, push your efforts and compel the government of the United States to support them, if you can. We shall continue to obey Jehovah, to protest against your injustice, and to leave the result with Him who ruleth among the nations of men. Judging by the his-tory of the past, He has much larger resources wherewith to defend truth and righteousness than the National Reform Association and the Ameri-can Congress combined. We wish all the advo-cates of Sunday laws were as honest as some of theni are in avowing their real purpose. We re-spect one.  who openly declares that he should think himself to be serving God by disregarding our rights, more than we can respect one who in-sists that he has no intention of doing this, but continues to urge those steps which must do it, if successful. If a man aims at the spot where you stand, and " has shoot in his eye," you know what to expect; if he seeks to "shoot around the cor-ner," you know what he would be glad to do if he dared.ŠThe Light of Home, Seventh-day Baptist., Alfred_Centre, N. Y. Church and State. THE whole mission of the church of God is to preach the gospel. Its career lies within the kingdoms of earth, but it is not of them. When the policy of the nations is such as to give the church free scope in its work, the church does not become an appendage to the State, but rather uses this liberty to preach the gospel. When her work is opposed, and she is persecuted by the world, she may petition or remonstrate against being hampered in her mission. But whether this avail or not, she must go onward, faithfully in her great work. The work of the State (whatever form it as-sumes) is to supervise the life of citizens, and to legislate and enforce those things which are nec-essary for upholding right and punishing crime. They are both ordained of God. The two must never be confounded. Our Master said, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things which are God's. And yet the church does shed down >upon the arena of civil life a benediction. It by grace qualifies its members to be honest, sober-minded citizens, and sends them forth as such. But she can have nothing to do with politics. She can have no relation of mutual support established between herself and the State. The State has in all ages tried 'to bribe and guide the church, that it might secure control through her of the members. Let us see. In the Southern States the negro Baptist preachers, and perhaps others, are very ignorant, very venal, and have great control over their people. In nearly all sections of the South, in closely con-tested' elections, the effort is made to bribe the preacher and through him control the congrega-tion. This effort is largely successful. . . . The church is prostituted, for money, from its high mission, to be the servant of corrupt politi-cal partisans. The English prelatical church, and other es-tablished churches receiving from the civil power protection and support and honor, pay it back in loyal protestations and service. The church  serves the State as its master. Note the loyality of the Anglican Church to the Stuarts. Note the Toryism of the Episcopalians during the Revo-lutionary War. Several of the Protestant churches of this country have voluntarily sold themselves, or be-stowed their church influence to the furtherance of some political issue. And various denomina-tions, protesting their loyality to the present gov-ernment, have sought, by way of return, to shape its policy. They memorialize it about how to treat the Mormons, prohibition, Knights of Labor, etc. Of course this is apart from the proper work of the church. The church teaches her members to be good citizens, but she has nothing to do with dogmatizing about forms of govern-ment or questions of civil policy. Whenever she has done so she' has blundered, and her shame has sooner or later become manifest. But chiefly the Romish Church has sold her-self to the governments of earth. It is her policy in every land. Through her priests she controls her people. Everywhere she traffics with the civil power, to enhance her ecclesiastical prerog-atives: In the United States she sells her votes to the party that is most subservient, and that gives the largest returns in the way of money and influence. In Ireland- she, so far as she dares, throws her influence with the Home Rule party, to maintain her power over them. In Germany she sells her influence to despotic Bis-marck, that she may increase the influence of her bishops. Such is her policy. Everywhere, for her own advancement, she bargains and traffics with the powers of the world. And it is to that shameless and persistent policy that she owes her worldly grandeur and power. And now, these facts being notorious, let us consider them in the light of the following, statements 1. Such a policy is, so far as it is pursued, betrayal of the gospel. There is but one work that God has imposed on the church. There is but one Master that is tolerated. There is but one motive controlling all service. 2. If a church is zealous of worldly honor it must lose in spiritual power. Grand edifices, parade of wealth, political power, the suffrage of the influential, may appeal to the people of earth, but the church that seeks these things and boasts of them is turned away from God's service, and is become shorn of spiritual power. It can no longer do its great work singly. 3. The world honors in word, and fawns upon, the church that it uses. But in its secret heart it despises such a church. Note how politicians treat politely and deferentially the negro preach-ers, and yet when their backs are turned sneer at them for their venality. Note how the secular press respectfully and gravely records the Romish parades and ceremonies, and yet read between the lines the contempt felt for ŁRoraaiaism as a spiritual religion. Ł From all which we gather the injunction that the church keep itself unspotted from the world rejecting its bribes, refusing its yoke.ŠRev. J. A. Scott, Jr., in Christian at Work, 1887. GOVERNMENTS have it not in their power to do their subjects the least service as to their religious beliefs and mode of worship. On the contrary, whenever the civil magistrate interposes his au-thority in matters of religion, otherwise than in keeping the peace amongst all religious parties, you may trace every step he has taken by the mischievous effects his interposition has produced," ---Burgh. 