42 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. fled [accounted righteous or made moral] in his sight." Rom. 3 : 20. As all men have, by transgression of the law of God, made themselves immoral, therefore no man can, by obedience to the law, become moral; because it is that very law which declares him to be immoral. The demands, therefore, of the moral law, must be satis-fied, before he can ever be accepted as moral by either the law or its Author. But the demands of the moral law can never be satisfied by an immoral person, and this is just what every person has made himself by transgression. , Therefore it is certain that men. can never become moral by the moral law. From this it is equally certain that if ever men shall be made moral, it must be by the Author and Source of all morality. And this is just the provision which God has made. For, " now the righteousness [the morality] of God without the law is manifested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets; even— the righteousness [the morality] of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe : for there is no difference : for all have sinned [made themselves im-moral] and come short of the glory of God." Rom. 3 : 21-23. It is by the moral-ity of Christ alone that men can be made moral. And this morality of Christ is the morality of God, which is imputed to us for Christ's sake; and we receive it by faith in him who is both the Author and Finisher of faith. -Then by the Spirit of God the moral law is written anew in the heart and in the mind, sanctifying the soul unto obedienceŠunto morality. Thus, and thus alone, can men ever attain to morality ; and that morality is the moral-. ity of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ; and there is no other in this world. Therefore, as morality springs from God, and is planted in the heart by the Spirit of God, through faith in the Son of God, it is demonstrated by proofs of Holy Writ itself, that to God alone pertains the pro-motion of morality. God, then, being the sole promoter of morality, through what instrumentality does he work to promote morality in the world ? What body has he made the con-servator of morality in the world ? The Church or the civil power, which ?ŠThe Church and the Church alone. It is " the Church of the living God." It is "the pillar and ground of the truth." It was to the Church that he said, " Go ye into ail the world, and preach the gospel to every creature ; " " and lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." It is by the Church, through the preach- ing of Jesus Christ, that the gospel is " made known to all nations for the obedi-ence of faith." There is no obedience but the obedience of faith; there is no morality but the morality of faith. Therefore it is proved that to the Church and not to the State is committed the conservation of gkoralit,y in the world. This at (MOO ett1,98  the question as to whether the State shall teach morality. The State can not teach morality. It has not the credentials for it. The Spirit of God and the gospel of Christ are both essential to the teaching or morality, and neither of these is com-mitted to the State, but both to the Church. But, though this work be committed to the Church, even then there is not com-mitted to the Church the prerogative either to reward morality or to punish im-morality. She beseeches, she entreats, she persuades men to be reconciled to God ; she trains them in the principles and the practice of morality. It is hers by moral means or spiritual censures to preserve the purity and discipline of her membership. But hers it is not either to reward morality or to punish immorality. This pertains to God alone, because whether it be mo-rality or immorality, it springs from the secret counsels of the heart; and as God alone knows the heart,, he alone can meas-ure either the merit or the guilt involved in any question of morals. By this it is demonstrated that to no man, to no assembly or organization of men, does there belong any right what-ever to punish immorality in any way. Whoever attempts it, usurps the preroga-tive of God. The Inquisition is the inev-itable logic of any claim of any assembly of men to punish immorality. Because to punish immorality, it is necessary in some way to get at the thoughts and in-tents of the heart. The Papacy asserting the right to compel men to be moral, and to punish them for immorality, had the cruel courage to carry the evil principle to its logical consequences. In carrying out the principle, it was found to be essen-tial to get at the secrets of men's hearts; and it was found that the diligent appli-cation of torture would ring from men, in many cases, a full confession of the most secret counsels of their hearts. Hence the Inquisition was established as the means best adapted to secure the desired end. So long as men grant the proposition that it is within the province of civil govern-ment to enforce morality, it is to very little purpose that they condemn the In-quisition, for that tribunal is only the logical result of the proposition. By all these evidences is establishbd the plain, common-sense principle that to civil government pertains only that which the term itself impliesŠthat which is civil. The purpose of civil government is civil and not moral. Its function is to preserve order in society, and to cause all its sub-jects to rest in assured safety by guarding them against all incivility. Morality be-longs to God; civility, belongs to the State. Morality must be rendered to God; civility to the State. " Render therefore unto Cwsar the things which are Caasar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." A. T. J. Congress can not re-enact the laws of God,---- Webster, Christ's Kingdom. THE subject of the kingship of Christ is one of- the most interesting and at the same time one of the least understood of any in the Bible. The errors of National Reform are due entirely to the confusion that exists upon this subject in the minds of the people. Those who know what the Scriptures teach, concerning Christ's king-dom, are not, and can not become, National Reformers. They may earnestly pray, " Thy kingdom come," but they know that it can never come through human instrumentality, hence they patiently wait for the fulfillment of "the promise made of God unto the fathers." And to this promise the reader's attention is invited. We learn from a comparison of Gen. 17 :1-8, and parallel texts, with Rom. 4 :13 that God promised this world to Abra-ham and to his seed. Gal. 3:16 plainly declares that this seed was Christ. Says the apostle : " Now to Abraham and to his seed were the promises made. He saith not, And to seeds, as of many ; but as of one, And to thy seed, which is Christ." These texts taken together make it positive that this world is promised to Christ. But that it has not yet been given to him is just as plainly taught. The promise made to Abraham and to his seed was renewed from time to time to Abra-ham's descendants. To Isaac God said : " Sojourn in this land, and I will be with thee; for unto thee, and unto thy seed, I will give all these countries, and I will perform the oath which I sware unto Abraham thy father." Gen. 26 : 3. Like-wise to Jacob the Lord said : " I am the Lord God of Abraham thy father, and the God of Isaac; the land whereon thou liest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed." Gen. 28: 13. This promise is referred to again in connection with the Exodus (Ex. 6 : 4-8), and is again renewed unto David. After David had been king for a long time he purposed in his heart to build a house for the Lord, namely, a temple, or sanctuary; but he was forbidden to build it. He was, however, told that his son should build the house, and this promise wAs made to him : " Moreover I will appoint a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move nolmore; neither shall the.  children of wickedness, afflict them any more, as beforetime." 2 Sam. 7 : 10. At the time these words were spoken to David the children of Israel had been in Canaan four hundred years, and "the Lord had given him [them] rest round about from all his [their] enemies " (2 Sam. 7 :1), and yet the Lord treated the promise as unfulfilled, and at this time identified David with it by this assurance : "And thine house and thy kingdom shall be established forever before thee." 2 Sam. 7 :16. How David regarded this is shown by verse 18 and *t_ ; "Who am I Lord God ? 