356 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. tianity exchanged places with paganism. It became the religion of the state, and became possessed of all the power and privileges that had been enjoyed by paganism. Not alone did the church enjoy imperial protection, but the power to dictate the course of empire, and to her ministers was granted the right to assume the authority of sovereign bishop, not alone of the internal affairs of the church, but it soon ex-tended to the affairs of the state. No sooner had this new order of things become established than another spirit took possession of the church. Christian intolerance took the place of pagan intolerance, and greatly exceeded it in intensity and extent. Christianity aroused in men a greater depth Of passion, and when the love inspired by true Chris-tianity was turned to hate it knew no bounds, and woe to the individual that dared to attempt to withstand its will. Heresy now became punishable by civil disability, confiscation, exile, and death ; and new modes of pun-ishment were added, as the hate of men led to new in-ventions for torture. The union of church and state which began with Constantine benefited the church in no way, but ex-posed her to all the abuses of wealth and power, and conformed the kingdom of Christ, which is a kingdom of love and peace, to the kingdoms of this world. The state was in no way benefited, for instead of its power being used in a legitimate way for the protec-tion of society against the criminal element that is always present in the world, it was turned aside and made use of by the church for the punishment of of-fenders against a false standard of religion; and the purposes for which governments exist were entirely overlooked and the result was disintegration. Notwithstanding the world and the church have these facts of apostacy and the terrible results before them, yet there are some even in our day that believe with Gregory XVI. that "religious liberty is the lib-erty of error," and "the most fruitful cause of evil with which the church is at present afflicted." And some seem to adopt the view further expressed by 'the same dignitary, when he said: "From this noxious fountain of indifferentism flows' the absurd, erroneous opinion, or rather form of madness, which declares that liberty of conscience should be asserted and main-tained for every one. For this most pestilential error that full and immoderate liberty of opinion paves the way which, to the injury of sacred and civil govern-ment, is now spread far and wide, and which some with utmost impudence have extolled as beneficial to religion." These utterances are entirely at variance with the declarations of early Christians already referred to, and contrary to the teaching of Jesus Christ, the author  of Christianity. After his resurrection Jesus said : "All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth," and this power is for the church, not for the purpose of coercing men, but to convince them. Nor is this power promised to the church through the medium of the state, for this would rob the author of Christianity of all the glory. The state exists for a different purpose; and besides it has become contam-inated by contact with paganism. While the power of the church depends on her purity. Jesus could not ac-cept the kingdoms of this world when offered him, be-cause by doing so he would have lost his power to save men, although he might have had the power of universal empire. If it was not safe for the author of Christianity to accept of worldly power, it is much less so for the church to covet and accept such power. This is substantiated by all the history of the past. But shall not the power of the state be sought for the enforcement of certain institutions of the church? It was precisely in this way that the church became involved in the fourth century. The principle once violated in the smallest degree severs the church from the source of divine power, and leaves it wholly de-pendent on the powers of this world. The power of the state is for mutual protection in things material ; the power of the church is for individual upbuilding Mn things spiritual. The state is maintained by force ; the church by love. The power of the state is the lesser power; that of the church the greater. When the church lets go the power of love and accepts the power of force, it must necessarily suffer loss, for it discards the greater for the less. When the state un-dertakes to do the work of the church, it must of ne-cessity suffer loss, for in undertaking the work of the church its energies are diverted and criminals thrive and good men suffer as criminals. When the church has lost its divine power it loses divine wisdom also, and virtues are made crimes and crimes are made virtues. Pius IX. said in his con-demnation of the eighty errors of the age : "It is a crime for private individuals to make no,  account of the duties of religion, or to treat different kinds of religion in the same way. The church judges it not lawful that the various kinds of divine worship should have the same right as the true religion." If it is a crime it should be punished, but the church does not use force, therefore the power' of the state must be sought to execute the judgment of the church. Thus we see the result of the church seeking to ally itself with the state. It condemns as a crime that which was extolled by Jesus and his early followers. as one of the greatest virtues. Let the church of to-day take warning. ALLEN MOON. 