Equal and &xactJustice to all Men, of Whatever state or cersuasion, religious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, MAY 19, 1892. NUMBER 20. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, SY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MCKEE. SOME twenty more informations for vio-lation of the Sunday law of Pennsylvania have been lodged against nowsdealers, by the Law and Order League of Pittsburg. THE last Sunday in April five thousand people paid twenty-five cents each for ad- mittance to the World's Fair grounds in Chicago. "An admission fee," says the Christian Statesman, " is now regularly charged every day in the week, including Sundays." Hence, that paper concludes, the World's Fair is " already open on the Sabbath." On the admission of the public to the World's Fair grounds on Sunday for pay, the Statesman has this :Š Thus the local Directory cavalierly anticipates the settlement of the question that is pending be-fore its superior officers, the national Commission and the national Congress. While this act is a dis-courtesy to these superiors, and to the eight States that have officially declared against Sunday open-ing, it is a slap in the face of the churches, which have almost unanimously asked that God's law and American customs, not greed and foreign habits, should govern the Exposition. What cares the Directory for God's law and the convictions of the churches as against hundreds of dollars per week added to the funds of the Fair! -0- CONTINUING the discussion of the Sun-day opening of the Fair grounds, the Statesman says :Š There can be no doubt that the Directory was em-boldened in this act by the fact that the Commis-sion has timidly and evasively laid on the table until October the question of Sunday opening and liquor selling, which in all fairness should have been settled this spring or earlier, before those, whose relations to the Fair turn on the decision of  these questions, have erected their buildings for re-ligion or for rum. WAXING exceedingly wroth at the imag- inary indignity done by the local author-ities of the World's Fair, the StatesmanŁ continues :Š The churches, whose opposition to the Fair, in case of its becoming an avowed engine of evil, the Commission seeks to postpone until it will be too late to be effective, should remember the new eleventh commandment, "Thou shalt not suffer thyself to be hoodwinked." Manifestly both Di-rectory and Commission have seen the churches so often trodden on, without a murmur from them, by politics and commerce, that they think the proverb, " The trodden worm will turn," has no application to religious and reform organizations. It is to be hoped that the churches will remem-ber that, while Christ was meek and lowly, he also stood, on occasion, with " a two-edged sword in his mouth," the severest antagonist of evil the world ever saw or heard. However meekly we bear wrongs to ourselves, we should show " the manliness of Christ " in resisting this attack on our Christian American institutions. Just how the churches have so often been " trodden on " in this country is not easy to see. They have always been per-fectly free to carry on their propaganda in their own way; have had special pro-tection from the State in the way of laws against disturbing religious meetings, and have, for the most part, been free from taxation. How then have they been " trodden on " ? In only one sense have the churches been " trodden on " in this country, and that is they have, as churches, been allowed no voice in civil affairs. And in this they have been " trodden on " ! ! Have the Freemasons and Odd Fellows, and other fraternities likewise been "trodden on" because they have been compelled to act politically as individuals and not as soci-eties ? Certainly not; and no more have the churches; and the assertion that they have is an assertion that the churches should rule. And that is just what Na-tional Reform means; and it is just what the Christian Statesman means. -0- IN view of the great wrong (?) which the churches have suffered by not being allowed to dictate to the State and to give laws to the Nation, the Statesman asks, " What can we do ?" and in the energy of despair says :Š Let us turn more earnestly than ever to Con-gress, whose action alone can be final. Sad to say, at this critical moment, when action in Congress is daily expected, the little sect of Seventh day Ad-ventists, that has not as many thousands in its con-stituency as the friends of the Lord's day have millions, is just now sending more petitions to Congress than we, having shrewdly reserved its few rounds of ammunition till it could see the whites of our eyes on the very verge of battle. The Lord of the Lord's day calls to us, like the sound of many waters, " WRITE." Not petitions only (duplicated for Senate and House and Com-mission) but letters especially to congressmen and senators should be sent at once. The Statesman's reference to a prom-inent feature of the battle of Bunker Hill is unfortunate for the National Reform side, for the illustration is more nearly true to life than Mr. Crafts thought, else he never would have used it. In this case as at Bunker Hill the defenders of liberty are, as compared with those who would overthrow it, only a very small number; their petitions are likewise few, but they battle for the right, and though like their ancestors at Bunker Hill they may meet temporary defeat, their noble stand will have all the moral effect of a victory. The Statesman should remember " that the race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong." God fights, not for the majority, but for the right, and it will finally triumph. Truth will be vindi-cated, if not before, at the final Judgment. But the Statesman is not done; it says :Š In the May meetings, which include the great General Conference of the Methodist Church, and the Assemblies of all the Presbyterian churches, and many Sabbath school conventions and other religious gatherings, not only protests against the action of the Directory and the delay of the Com-mission, and appeals to Congress should be adopted, but also and especially more drastic measures. Let such bodies refuse to aid in the erection of any building or in the preparation of any religious congress until the question of Sunday opening is settled, and let every*Christian be advised to accept no position as a member of any advisory board in any World's Fair " Parliament" or " Congress," 