78 A.AEMIELICA.N.  SIONUPIENUITA. VOL. 10, No. 10. make both ends meet. It is consequently impossible for us employ4s to rest two days ; besides this, our work is of such a character that it cannot be done outside of the establishment. These are some of the reasons because of which we work notwithstanding the penalties endured. In this there is no sectarian pride or blind resistance. As a result of our last difficulty we have transferred our printing work, and now hire it done elsewhere. We naturally have had to dismiss our pressman, a father of a family, and subject to military duty, who has to struggle for his living under great difficulties, doing job work with a small pedal press. No noisy work is done by us either on Sunday or during the week. In consequence we expected to have been at last left in peace, and probably would have been except for the factory inspector. We, workers of the Imprimerie Polyglotte, believe firmly that the Executive Council of the Canton of Basel, can permit us to earn our living peacefully if it wishes. The proper-minded people do not ask that we should -be oppressed in the name of an intention-ally philanthropic law. Mr. Comas, judge of the .federal court, said in a sitting of that court: "In principle the Adventists are right and the police of Basel [he should have said the executive council of Basel] should have known how to have shut one eye in the matter." These are the words of a guardian of the law, and also of many others, who have no spe-cial sympathy for our religious views. In consideration of these facts the undersigned feels impelled to make known to you what may be the results of the enforcement of these measures against us. They are simple, but serious. 1. If the court does not accept my statements, and persists in considering me the responsible representa-tive of Mr. Holser, I will receive the penalty of several weeks' or even three months' imprisonment, and this might bring serious results upon my young wife, who is in a critical state of health. 2. A dozen poor and respectable families will find themselves, so to speak, upon the street. For if Sun-day observers find it so difficult to obtain employment, how can you expect observers of the Sabbath to find work among those who do not sympathize with them ? I am sure that my Saviour and Lord will not permit these things to go any farther than is necessary; he will preserve us from need, nevertheless the responsi-bility will rest with those in authority who could have spared us these trials. I hope, however, that it will riot go so far for a mere technical transgression of an unconstitutional clause in the federal factory law. "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me." Matt. 25: 40. Mr. Revilly will plead his own case before the court. W. H. MCKEE. Ł Basel, Feb. 12. Ł .Ł PROPOSED SUNDAY LEGISLATION IN MIN- NESOTA. ANOTHER Sunday bill has been introduced in the legislature of this State Ł this time by Senator Theden, and reads as follows:Š A BILL For an Act to Prohibit Public Shows or Exhibitions on the Sabbath Day, and Defining and Fixing the Penalty Thereof. SECTION 1: Whoever, on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, participates in or exhibits to the public, with or without charge for admission, in any building, room, ground, garden, or other place in this State,Ł any theatrical or dramatic performance of any kind or description, or any equestrian or circus performance of jugglers, acrobats, rope-dancing, spar-ring exhibitions, variety shows or negro minstrelsy, living statuary, ballooning or any baseball playing, or other games of similar kind or kinds, shall be guilty of misdemeanor, and be punished by a fine in a sum not exceeding one hundred dollars nor less than fifty dollars, or by confinement in a county jail for a period not less than twenty days nor exceeding sixty days. Why such a bill ? Evidently, the people ought to go to church, but they will not; so in -order that they may be persuaded to go, remove all temptation. But when it is found that they will not then go to church, secure a law compelling them to go! This is but the logical result of the first step. But how may the State know anything about the Sabbath day. ? And how can the State tell whether the Sabbath day does really fall on ' the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday" ? Well, the church of Rome says that it does; and 'from the days of Constantine she has made use of the power of the State to convince  everybody else that it does. But by this act she turned the truth of God into a lie. Now, the Protestant world has accepted this dogma of the church of Rome, and with her, says that the first day is the Sabbath, and by every possible means is trying to secure legislation, declaring this to be the truth. But by so doing, she too turns the truth of God into a lie; for God says: " The seventh day is the Sabbath." H. F. PHELPS. St. Paul, Minn. SUNDAY LAWS IN KENTUCKY. UNTIL within a few weeks the Sunday law of Kentucky has been regarded as a dead let-ter, but recent developments have demon-strated that there is a possibility that the " Blue Laws" may be revived. A young theological student of the Baptist school was holding meetings in the suburbs of Louisville, and was " disturbed in his worship" on Sunday; and to test the validity of the law, swore out a warrant against a grocer, who also had a saloon in connection with his store. Judge Thompson, of the city court, fined the grocer and saloon-keeper on two charges, viz., " being found at his calling on the Sab-bath day," and " keeping open bar on the Sabbath day." This decision was a complete surprise to the whole city, as Sunday is " open day," and it was not expected that Judge Thompson would take any further notice of the case than to dismiss it The local " Parklmrsts " in the persons of the ministers, were not slow to see that here was an opportunity that it would not do to pass by unnoticed, and immediately began to take action in reference to it. The decision of the judge was almost the sole topic of conversation on the streets, and it became incumbent upon the mayor and chief of police to see that the law which had been revived, was carried out. Accordingly, the matter was laid before the " Board of Safety," and they decided upon a general enforcement of Sunday observance. The police were instructed not to make any arrests, but to " watch," and take the names of all who kept " open house." Monday morning showed 2,500 cases ready to have the police act upon, but as this was rather a large batch, it was decided to swear out warrants against representatives of saloons, groceries, bakeries, etc., and in this way test the law. The policy outlined by the ministers was manifested in their utterances, and I append two of them: " As long as we can get such righteous decisions as the one handed down by Judge Thompson, things are not altogether bad." " Judge Thompson is a fine type of a Christian on the bench. All that is necessary now, in order that the law shall be enforced, is that public sentiment shall be developed to sustain the judge." Accordingly, a mass meeting was called by the " Kentucky Sabbath Association," and in the call an attempt was made to quiet the fears of those who oppose the enforcement of reli-gious dogmas by civil law by means of the time-worn " civil Sabbath" argument, as fol-lows: " This meeting is called by an associa-tion that operates from a purely civil stand-point, striving to maintain the weekly day of rest as a purely civil institution, which is a necessity for man and beast." About three hundred were in attendance and the majority of these were ministers and theological stu-dents. The following resolutions were pre-sented and adopted unanimously:-- Resolved, That it is the sense of this meeting that the laws of the State are to be obeyed, and all good  citizens have a grave responsibility to see that they are obeyed. Resolved, That all citizens should be protected in their legal right to one day of rest in seven, and that all efforts to deprive them of this should be resisted. Resolved, That we call upon our officials to see that the Sunday laws are kindly[?] but firmly enforced, and that we will heartily support them in doing their duty. Resolved, That since nobody is compelled to live in this State, those persons who do not like our laws should either gracefully submit to them, or else move elsewhere, where they can find laws to suit their tastes. The ministers present who spoke upon the question were all Baptists but one, and I could not but contrast the difference betweenŁ their utterances and those of the sturdy Baptist defenders of religious liberty in days gone by. Prof. H. F. Kerfoot, of the Baptist Theo-logical Seminary, in the course of his remarks, said: " I don't know who the Parkhurst of Louisville is; but, 0 God, for a Parkhurst!" It was plainly manifest that the principles taught by the man of Galilee were unknown, and Caesar was to be appealed to and made to do what the Church demanded. The idea that men should educate their con- sciences by the laws of the State was ap-plauded; and the statement " if men don't propose to do as the law says, we have the lib-erty to force them," was heartily accepted. Determination was shown in all who advo-cated the measure, and one could plainly see that the time was rapidly hastening on when the grand principles advocated by the founders of our Government would be completely trampled upon, and those who dared to stand firm for principle and the advocacy of truth would be termed anarchists and disturbers of good government. J. W. COLLIE. THE " CIVIL SABBATH " FRAUD. ADULTERY, theft, and murder are crimes on all days and in all places. Labor, business, and recreation are neither crimes nor misde-meanors, but rather necessities and funda-mental virtues. Sunday laws declare that these virtues become civil crimes and misde-meanors if performed on Sunday, and the religious leaders declare them to be sins. And yet these same religious leaders who ought to be honest and consistent declare that Sunday laws are only " civil " affairs with no religious basis as to their enforcement!ŠThe Evangel and Sabbath Outlook, Feb. 28. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. IN Springdale, Ark., two Seventh-day Bap-tist [AdventistŠEn.] elders were recently arrested and convicted, the one for painting his meeting-house on Sunday, the other for doing some carpenter work on the house of a poor widow as an act of charity. These men were imprisoned and treated like common felons; while at the same time the Sabbath was broken in numberless ways on the rail-roads and on pleasure excursions of various kinds. Again, in Tennessee some Adventists were put into the chain-gang because they worked on Sunday just as conscientiously as some of their neighbors worked on Saturday. Such outrages would be a little more endur-able if Sunday were faithfully observed in the districts in which these persons were pun-ished; as it is, the principle seems to be this: If a man's religion tells him that he ought to observe Saturday instead of Sunday, then he must be punished for working on Sunday; but if he has no religion, or if he calls him-self a Christian and violates his faith, then he may do as he pleases. The Seventh-day Adventists and Hebrews have the same claim on the protection of our laws in the exercise 