180 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. There was no point better understood at the time of the adoption of the Constitu-tion than that it placed all on an equality before the lawŠthat it insured to the Jews every privilege and immunity that it se-cured to the Christian. Evidence sup-porting this assertion can be drawn from the statements of both the enemies Ł and friends of the ConstitutionŠboth from those who opposed our secular form of government and from those who advo- cated it. Mr. Caldwell of North Carolina, stood prominently among those who opposed the Constitution from this -standpoint. " Mr. Caldwell," says Elliot's Debates on the Federal Constitution " thought that some danger might arise. He imagined it * might be objected to in a political as well as in a religious view. In the first place, he said, there was an invitation for Jews and pagans of every kind to come among us. . . . I think, then, added he that, in a political view those gentle-men who formed this Constitution should not have given this invitation to Jews and heathens."ŠVolume IV., page 199. Madison asserted this point even much more emphatically. In a letter to Dr. De La Motta a Jewish Rabbi, dated Mont- pelier, August, 1820, he said :Š The history of the Jews must forever be interest-ing. The modern part of it is, at the same time, so little generally known, that every ray of light on the subject has its value. Among the features peculiar to the political system of the United States, is the perfect equality of rights which it secures to every religious sect and it is particularly pleasing to observe in the good citizenship of such as have been most dis-trusted and oppressed elsewhere a happy illustration of the safety and success of this experiment of a just and benignant policy. Equal laws protecting equal rights, are fcund, as they ought to be pre-sumed, the best guarantee of loyalty and love of country ; as well as best calculated to cherish that mutual respect and good-will among citizens of every religious denomination which are necessary to social harmony, and most favorable to the ad-vancement of truth. From these quotations it is evident that these Sunday-law advocates are not only unjust in making and enforcing Sunday laws, but at the same time they are tram-pling American principles and the Amer-ican Constitution in the dust. And while they express their sympathy for the Jews of Russia they go on with their endeavors to persecute the Jews of America just the same. Sometimes here as in Russia this spirit groWs much more intense than at other times; but in the Sunday "reform" agitation it is nearly always quite promi-nent. As an illustration of the extent to which these Christian divines of America go, I quote the following from Dr. Jon-athan Edwards's speech in a New York City Convention in 1873:Š Our objectors, then, may learn [when the "re-form " measures are obtained] that they are merely a body of men who are in their turn feeling the inconvenience of dissent. . . . * Article six of the Federal Constitution, providing that no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States. - The atheist is the man who denies the existence of a God and a future life. To him mind and matter are the same, and time is the be-all and end-all of consciousness and of character. The deist admits God, but denies that he has any personal control over human affairs Łas we call providence, or that he ever manifests himself or his will in a revelation. The Jew admits God, providence, and revelation, but rejects the entire scheme of gospel redemption by Jesus Christ as sheer imagination, orŠworseŠsheer imposture. The Seventh-day Baptists believe in God and Christianity, and are conjoined with the other members of this class by the accident of differing with the mass of Christians upon the question of what precise day shall be observed as holy. These all are for the occasion, and as far as our amendment is concerned, one class. They use the same arguments and the same tactics against us. They must be counted together, which we very much regret, but which we can not help. . . They must be named from him [the atheist]; they must be treated as, for this question, one party. . . . What are the rights of the atheist ? I would tolerate him as I would tolerate a poor lunatic; for in my view his mind is scarcely sound. So long as he does not rave, so long as he is not dangerous, I would tolerate him. I would tolerate him as I would a conspirator. The atheist is a dangerous man. . . . Tolerate atheism, sir ? There is nothing out of hell that I would not tolerate as soon. The atheist may live, as I said, but, God helping me, the taint of his destructive creed shall not defile any of the civil institutions of all this fair land! Let us repeat, atheism and Christianity are contradictory terms. They are incompatible systems. They can not dwell to-gether on the same continent. This is the modern doctrine of some of the professed followers of him who said : " Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." In their zeal to make this a "Christian Gov-ernment," they forget that it is now much more Christian than it would be if it should undertake to enforce the Chris-tian religion and Christian morality. The Jews have always been more tole-rant than the other nationalities of the same age. Even of the wicked kings of Israel, when the most wicked of them was reigning, the servants of Ben-hadad the Samaritan king said unto him, "Behold now, we have heard that the kings of the house of Israel are merciful kings." Their fame had gone abroad to the surrounding nations on account of their tolerance even in that barbarous age. It has often hap-pened, however, that the most tolerant and inoffensive persons have been treated most intolerantly. The history of the Quakers in this country, a number of whom were hanged on account of their religion, is an illustration. The Califor-nia Sunday case, ex parte Newman, 9 California Reports, 502, is one of the cases of the arrest of Jews in this country, for working on Sunday (in this case keeping open a dry goods store). When the case came before the Supreme Court the Chief Justice rightly argued as follows :Š Now, does our Constitution, when it forbids dis-crimination, or preference, in religion, mean merely to guarantee toleration ? For that, in effect, is all which pie case cited [8 Barr 313 and 2 Stoodhart, 508] seems to award, as the right of a citizen. In a community composed of persons of various de- nominations, having different days of worship, each considering his own as sacred from secular employment, all being equally considered and pro-tected under the Constitution, a law is passed which in effect recognizes the sacred character of one of these days, by compelling all others to abstain from secular employment, which is precisely one of the modes in which its observance is manifested, and required by the creed of that sect to which it belongs as a Sabbath: Is not this a discrimination in favor of the one ? Does it require more than an appeal to one's common sense to decide that this is a preference ? And when the Jew or seventh-day Christian complains of this, is it any answer to say, " Your conscience is not constrained, you are not compelled to worship or to perform religious rites on that day, nor forbidden to keep holy the day which you esteem as a Sabbath ? " We think not, however high the authority which decides other-wise. . . . The truth is, however much it may be disguised, that this one day of rest is a purely religious idea. Derived from the Sabbatical institutions of the ancient Hebrew, it has been adopted into all creeds of succeeding religious sects, throughout the civil-ized world; and whether it be the Friday of the Mohammedan, the Saturday of the Israelite, or the Sunday of the Christian, it is alike fixed in the affections of its followers, beyond the power of eradication; and in most of the States of our confederacy the aid of the law to enforce its ob-servance has been given, under the pretense of a civil, municipal, or police regulation. Mr. Justice Burnett also wrote a well-reasoned opinion concurring with the Chief Justice in his decision. Yet not-withstanding the flagrant violation of justice and religious liberty by fining and imprisoning the Jew for engaging in per-fectly legitimate work on the day that some one else considers as sacred, these Sunday-law advocates go on clamoring for new and more stringent Sunday laws, and enforce, against Sabbatarians, to the furthest extent within their power, those old Church-and-State Sunday laws that yet remain upon the statute books of so many of the States of this Union. W. A. BLAKELY. Opening the Museum. IT may be said that the question of opening the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City (decided, experimentally at least in the affirmative by the Directors last week) is not altogether an easy ques-tion, if, as we believe in the case, some of the funds were given to the Trustees on the condition, expressed or implied, that the Museum should not be opened on Sunday. But the larger question whether art museums and libraries shall be closed to the working people on the only day on which many of them can possibly get access to such museums and libraries, seems to us more and more not a question at all, if looked at, not in the light of Puritan prejudice, but of New Testament teaching. One of our contemporaries makes the remarkable statement respecting such Sun-day opening that " whenever a library or a reading-room or an art gallery has been opened on Sunday, few, if any, have been found in it who could not have gone on a 