760 AMERICAN SENTINEL. A GREAT deal of news that is worth considering comes to us these days from across the water. In Austria, the body politic is convulsed by a bitter race war between the Germans and the Czechs, the immediate cause of the outbreak being a government de.cree authorizing the use of the Czech as well as the German language in the courts and in all official business. This the Germans bitterly resented, and the result was that the members of the Austrian national bodyŠthe ReichsrathŠengaged in several pitched battles, the like of which has probably not been witnessed in the legislative halls of the nations in recent years. When human nature breaks away from the bonds of reason and self-restraint, the most august assemblies of earth speedily descend to the level of a mob. * * THE premier and his ministry were forced to resign but even this move seems to have contributed but little to the stability,of the empire. The great bugbear of government in Austria is the violent race hatreds of her 'heterogeneous people, which prevent any cohesion between the different portions of the empire. it might be well for the United States to learn from the experience of Austria a lesson of caution in adding to the heterogeneous ele ments under her sway, as for instance, in the proposed annexation of Hawaii. It is worthy of note in this con-nection that the people of Austria are almost wholly Roman Catholic. The Catholic religion claims to be the religion of Christ; but the religion of Christ does not go with race hatred, or with hatred of anything ex-cept sin. Bum much more important than this is the news of a shifting of forces on the chess board of European diplo-macy, by which old and long-established coalitions are broken up and new ones formed in which the Vatican holds the place of a member of the alliance. Thus, it is stated upon good authority, that Germany and the Vat-ican have come to an understanding by which the pope and the Kaiser are now virtual allies. In an interview with the pope on November 18, the German Minister of Foreign Affairs, it is stated, assured the Roman pontiff that hereafter regularly accredited ambassadors would be sent from Berlin to the Vatican, as well as to the Quirinal. * * Bum this is not all. "Besides the German ambassa- dor to the Vatican," it is stated, "there are now in Rome, of recent appointment, M. Paubelle, of France, and M. Tcharykow, the ambassador of the czar. This fact lends color to well-grounded rumors that France, Russia, and Germany have arrived at a complete under-standing with the Vatican as to action to be pursued in certain African and Asiatic contingencies." "Rapproche-ment between the Vatican and these three powers is be-coming every day more pronounced." * * THE explanation is that the Powers have recognized that the Vatican is a more powerful ally than some of the weaker nations which have hitherto been included in the coalitions of Europe; and have decided accordingly to dissolve the old alliances and form new ones in which the Vatican shall be included. Italy is a weak kingdom, and demonstrated the fact in her late war with Abyssinia. In a great defeat which the Italian army suffered in this campaign, a large number of Italians were taken prison-ers, and in the endeavors made to effect their release, it was demonstrated that the pope possessed more "moral" and diplomatic power than the Italian government. The great Powers of Europe have no use for a weak ally when they can get a strong one; and accordingly they have set out to form a new alignment of their forces, in which the Vatican shall be included, and Italy and Austria left out. This is the program which is said to be foreshadowed by the appointment of regular amba'ssadors from the Powers to the court of the "Holy See." * * WHILE the Powers may reap some temporary advan-tage from this new arrangement, the great and perma-nent advantage will be that reaped by the papacy. This latest step is one of the greatest which the papacy by her astute diplomacy has been able to take in a long and steady rise toward her old-time position of prestige among the nations. Upon that proud eminence her eye is fixed; and, as she nears the goal, the thought of her heart is that which the language of Scripture ascribes to her (Rev. 18:7), "I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow." But a changeŠsudden and un-looked forŠis imminent, in which will be fulfilled the words, "Strong is the Lord God who iudgeth her." * MANY readers of the SENTINEL will remember the agi-tation which was raised a few years ago by certain Prot-estant clergymen over the disabilities imposed upon Protestants in some of the Catholic countries of South America. The pope was asked to intervene and secure for these Protestants that civil and religious liberty of which the papacy has so often declared itself the cham-pion. He replied that he could not be expected to inter-fere in the governmental affairs of another power; that to do what was asked of him would be a meddlesome act 