408 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE Peace Congress sitting in Holland' may not accomplish much in the direction of promoting peace in the earth, but already it has done much in an educa-tional way, by developing the real attitude of the re-spective powers towards the questions which the czar's proposition involves. These developments have in some cases been truly startling, and reveal what, prior to the congress, no one would have been willing to believe of the innate savagery of the most highly civilized natiors. * IT was to have been expected that the czar's propo-sition would receive most substantial support from the representatives of the United States and of Great Brit-ain. But just the reverse is the manner in which these two nations have put themselves on record. The con-gress has been largely occupied with the consideration of the question of mitigating the horrors of war. This was one of the chief points had in mind by the czar to be gained from his undertaking. But, strange as it may seem, Great Britain and the United States, and chiefly the latter, have stood most in the way of the attainment of anything substantial in this direction. This was certainly not to have been expected of two nations which claim to be guided by the principles of Christianity. * 4,  THERE was a proposition before the congress to do away with the "dum-dum" bulletŠa bullet which ex-' pands when it strikes its human target and adds much to the seriousness of the wound by tearing and lacerat-ing the flesh. Nearly all the powers at the congress voted against the use of this bullet in war. The United States voted for it! And one other nation wanted the privilege of using itŠGreat Britain. * ON this point a daily of this city says: "The vote on the bullet of the dum-dum kind will cause a painful sensation in this country. The dum-dum sort of pro-jectile horribly mangles the body which it enters. It causes wounds that in the tropical countries where it is most used become centers of lingering disease and ag-ony. Its use is closely akin to the use of poisoned ar-rows." Then it adds that it is of "great effectiveness in enabling a few men to overcome a horde of savages." England and the United States are fighting savages, the  former in India and the latter in the Philippines. They not want to be prohibited from using this horrible bullet in those countries. To the "savages" they want to show themselves superior in savagery. Yet not long' since a great cry of indignation was raised in the United-States against Spain because it was reported that Span--ish troops were using explosive bullets against the Cubans. * * THERE was a proposition also before the congress to,  interdict the use for military purposes, of high explos-ives. It was thought by Russia and some others of the powers that "humane" warfare, which the congressŁ aimed to establish on the part of civilized nations, would be incompatible with the wholesale slaughter that must necessarily attend the use of modern high explosives. Here again the United States came to the front with a, refusal to accede to the proposition. The American delegate representing the Ordnance department had been instructed by the War department to "use all pos-sible efforts to secure for this Government the right to use `luddite'"Šan explosive adopted in Great Britain,. and of such extraordinary destructiveness that "one shell is calculated to wipe, out a whole Filipino regi-ment." So says a prominent imperialist paper of this city. This journal adds that "the use of luddite is con-trolled by the British Government, and from the results obtained in the campaign against the Dervishes it is admitted to be the most destructive explosive known to. science. Its radius of fatal shock is far greater than that of jovite, emmensite, nitro glycerine, guncotton or dynamite." * * EXPERIMENTS with a new explosive the nature of which is a "carefully-guarded secret," are in progress under the Government's direction at Sandy Hook. This new explosive, it is announced, is "expected to be ready for use in the fall campaign in the Philippines." * Sum is the record this "Christian nation" is now making for itself before the world; and any one who will pause to contemplate the picture of England and the United StatesŠthe two most Christian" nations on the earthŠcontending for the privilege not only of killing their enemies instead of forgiving them, but killing them by the most shocking methods, ought to be able to learn something from it if he has previously entertained the idea that' there were Christian nations on the earth, through whose extension upon the earth the purposes of Christianity were being fulfilled. Ł* * OF course there can be no lasting peace when the very nations from which most is to be expected in the interests of peace, make it plain that they do not want * 