THE SENTINET., OF LIDEwry. 01 that they have been called the 'Long Knife Society,' and make it their law to demand that the foreigner leave China or die; but what would we Americans do under similar circumstances ? It must also be remem-bered that the Chinese are very superstitious. They have had no rain for some-  time, and their religion teaches them to think that it is because the gods are displeased at the foreigners' presence. "It is in this connection that they associate the mis-sionaries and the Chinese Christians. In disturbing them they disturb their best friends, but their irra-tional action has been brought to a focus by foreign disputes as to whether China should be divided. * * * "The only way to settle this serious question will be a very difficult one. No matter what complications it would cause, the different powers should give back the land they have taken, and I,believe that the entire trouble would cease." Quoting from a Supreme Court decision, an advo-, cate of Sunday laws says that "laws setting aside Sun-day as a day of rest are upheld, not from any right of the government to legislate for the promotion of religious observances, but from its right to protect all persons from the physical and moral debasement that comes from uninterrupted labor." If this is so, why are such laws turned against those who regularly rest on the seventh day of the week ? They are not the victims of "uninterrupted labor," hence whatever phy-sical and moral debasement there may be from such a source cannot exist in their cases ; nor does the law aim, in any case, to protect people who work on Sun-day from becoming physically and morally debased. It aims to protect the first day of the week against desecration, and for this reason it prohibits all persons from working on that day or from conducting them-selves in any other way not in harmony with the idea that Sunday. is a sacred day. The Sunday laws are designed to protect an institution rather than to pro-tect the people. The whole history of the working of such laws shows that the debasement alleged to result from uninterrupted work cuts no figure at all in con-nection with their enforcement, save as a theory by which to seek their justification. In answering, in the Sabbath Recorder, the ques-tion, "Why did God permit sin?" W. D. Tickner says: -"He knew that voluntary service was the only service that could accomplish the purposes of man's being. Inanimate nature obeys his commands by virtue of the laws inherent within it. Fire and water, cold and heat, light and darkness, were subservient to him, but without volition.-  They reflected simply his power and majesty. He desired more, a service of love, a service willingly rendered, even amid surroundings that made such service difficult. "To have excluded the devil from the world, would  have been to allow man a knowledge of only one side of the great controversy between good and evil, be-tween God and Satan. Obedience to the commands of God would, under such conditions, be of little value. Man was therefore allowed .to see for himself both good and evil, and for himself to decide whom he would serve. Such service was what God desired. Such service alone could accomplish the object sought in the creation and development of man." The most wonderful -thing of our day is that we do not seem to be able to learn anything from church history as to the real conditions of spiritual conquest. The government is one thing, the gospel is another. We are to obey government, but not to expect it to do the work of the gospel. We only confuse the mind by mixing things. I do not hesitate to say that Christianity to-day is weak in the Orient because it is so inextricably mixed in the minds of the heathen with so many flags. This is not the fault of individual missionaries, but is a result of the prevailing thought that calls nations "Chris-tian." When Christianity owned no flag it con-quered. * * Do not mix Christianity with your na-tionalism in your expectation for spiritual religion. The whole church is weak just here to-day. I am aware this position is not understood. It is thought to lack in patriotism and to lack in hope. But circumstances are now fast shaping themselves to con-firm the non-resistant position of the early church, and to show that we may have a Christianity in name i which s after all only a part of this world and wield-ing only this world's power.ŠRev. Addison Blan-chard (Denver, Col.). The chimera of saving men "by nations" is due in large measure to the unscriptural idea that the gospel, instead of gathering out of the world a people for the everlasting kingdom of God; is finally to convert the whole world. Nowhere in all the Word of God is any such doctrine taught. On the contrary, we are plainly told (Matt. 24 :37-39) that the last days will be like the days of Noah. Gen. 6:5 tells us what the moral con-dition of the earth was in "the days that before the flood." Moreover the Apostle Paul says definitely and explicitly (2 Tim. 3 :1-5, qv.) that the last days of this world's history will be perilous, and this for the reason that the churchŠthose "having a form of god-liness"Šwill be practicing all manner of sins, seven-teen of which he enumerates. If Christians would be in the lead in human affairs, they must lead as Christians and not as pOlitician,s. 