 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 441      wards the world must be. One is expected to pay taxes and make investments where he holds residence. There-fore all calls to bountiful giving and all demands for rigid self-denial are to be esteemed as reasonable assess-ments, not as gratuities. Christianity is no paradox, in which believers are required to do peculiar things for the sake of being peculiar, and to exhibit startling contradic-tions for the sake of arousing the contradiction of sinners against themselves. When we are called to lay up treas-ures in heaver, it is because that is our country; when we are enjoined not to love the world, neither the things that are in the world, it is because this is not our country. Two practical errors spring from an earthly theology; viz., that the world is the Christian's home, and the grave the Christian's hope. On the contrary, one pos-sessed of a clear advent faith would choose for himself such an epitaph as that which Dean Alford composed for his tomb: "The inn of a traveler on his way to Jerusalem." Ah, yes, that is it! A pilgrim's portion, food and rai-ment and contentment therewith; the mansion which fortune has provided, or the cabin which penury has reared. each alike counted a hospice where one lodges as "a pilgrim and stranger in the earth;" and the grave a narrow inn whose windows look towards the sunrising, where the sojourner sleeps till break of day,Šthis, with-out question, is the Łideal of the Christian life as outlined in the Gospel. An impracticable ideal, it will be said. But it was not so in the beginning. To say nothing of apostolic Christianity, let us ask what it was that gave the Chris-tianity of the first two centuries such extraordinary vigor in its conflict with heathenism. An eminent writer, Gerhard Uhlhorn, has shown with a graphic hand that it was just this quality of absolute unworldliness which constituted the secret of its power. The men who con-quered the Roman Empire for Christ bore the aspect of invaders from another world, who absolutely refused to be naturalized to this world. Their conduct filled their heathen neighbors with the strangest perplexity; they were so careless of life, so careful of conscience, so prodigal of their own blood, so confident of the overcom-ing power of the blood of the Lamb, so unsubdued to the customs of the country in which they sojourned, so mind-ful of the manners of "that country from whence they came out." The help of the world, the patronage of its rulers, the loan of its resources, the use of its methods, they utterly refused, lest by employing these they might compromise their King. An invading army maintained from an in-visible base, and placing more confidence in the leadership of an unseen Commander than in all imperial help that might be proffered,Šthis was what so bewildered and angered the heathen, who often desired to make friends with the Christians without abandoning their own gods. But there caŁn be no reasonable doubt that that age in which the Church was most completely separated from the world was the age in which Christianity was the most victorious in the world. It was also the era of undimmed hope of the Lord's imminent return from glory, so that it illustrated and enforced both clauses of the great text: "For our citizen-ship [R. V.] is in heaven, from whence also we look for the Saviour, the Lord Jesus." (Phil. 3:20.) Our Lord set forth his departure from the world under the parable of "a certain nobleman who went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom, and to return." (Luke 19:12.) As a Roman, living in Judea, on appointment to the governorship of that province, would go to Rome to be invested with office, and then return to rule, so Christ has gone to heaven.to be invested with the kingship of this world, and now he and his watchful servants are eagerly waiting for the same thing; he, sitting at God's right hand "expecting till his enem-ies be made his footstool," and they expecting till he shall return to reign over the earth. Of the kingdom, the King and his kinsmen, the same avowal of unearthly origin is made by Christ: "My kingdom is not of this world, even as I am not of this world;" "They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world." The kingdom is the "kingdom of God," the "kingdom of heaven;" its constituency are those who are "begotten of God," and "born from above." True, this kingdom is now in the world in its rudiments and principles, in its citizens and representatives: those who, like their Lord, have been sent hither to accomplish the work of gather-ing out a people for his name. But, lest we fall into fatal error, let us not imagine that we are now reigning with Christ on the earth, or that the kingdom of God haŁs been set up in the world. The church's earthly career during the present age is the exact fac-simile of her Lord'sŠa career of exile rather than of exaltation; of rejection rather than rule; of cross-bearing rather than of scepter bearing. Grasping at earthly sovereignty for the Church while the Soverign himself is still absent has proved, as we shall show here-after, the most fruitful root of apostasy. It may be said that this picture of the Church, as despised and rejected in the world, suffering, outcast, and in exile, does not correspond to the facts. Not to the facts of our own generation, we admit, wherein the world is on such ex-cellent terms with Christians. But that it represents the character of the dispensation as a whole cannot be ques-tioned, when we recall the Dark Ages and martyr ages of the Christian era; the prisons, and racks, and dungeons, and stakes, which stretch on through so large a portion of this age. And the pictures of prophecy are composite pictures, gathering up the main features of the entire dispensation and presenting them in one. Viewed thus, prediction and history perfectly accord. "The kingdom is now here in mystery, and to be here hereafter in manifestation," one has tersely put it And to this the predicted destiny of believers corresponds. "Your life is hid with Christ in God; when Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall ye also appear with him in glory" (Co!. 3:4). "Sons of God, therefore the world knoweth us not, because it knew him not" (1 John 3 :1). 