JUNE 22, 1893, .NS1 ItIECA.N M\TrIPIIN  195 thing. Laws are not needed to compel people to rest when they are tired; nature will attend to that. Again, if enforced Sunday rest is only for the physical well-being, then it is most absurd, not to say tyrannical, because all persons do not become weary and in need of rest at the same time. Different kinds of labor induce different degrees of weari-ness; and to say that all men shall take exactly the same amount of rest, and at the same time, is as absurd as to say that they shall all eat the same amount of the same kind of food, and at precisely the same time. One man's work cannot make another man tired, neither can the fact that a hundred men are working hinder one from resting, and therefore there is no reason why all men should rest at a given time, simply because a few wish to do so. But it is often urged that the Govern-ment has the right to set apart certain days as holidays. Very true, but that is not what Sunday is desired to be. A holiday is a day on which people are per-mitted to cease labor if they wish; on Sunday it is.  desired to force people to cease work whether they want to or not. If a man wishes to dig in his garden on a Bank Holiday, instead of going to the parks, he is at liberty to do so. If there were an attempt to force everybody to stop all kinds of work on a Bank Holiday, there would be such a protest as would put an end to the attempt. Pleasure can not be forced, and neither can rest. E. J. WAGGONER. London, England. Chicago Correspondence. The United States vs. The World's Fair, ON June 8, a decision was rendered in the United States Circuit Court granting an injunction against the World's Fair Directory and requiring the closing of the World's Fair on Sundays henceforth dur-ing its continuance. Of the three Judges sitting in the case, Judges Woods and Jenkins gave opinions in favor of Sunday closing, though reaching the conclusion from somewhat different premises, while Judge Grosscup dissented. Judge Woods held that Congress had acquired a similar jurisdiction over the grounds upon which the World's Fair is situated and the build-ings and exhibits placed there to that which it has over the District of Columbia or a Government reservation, and there-fore Congress had the right to make regu-lations, and the Directors of the Illinois corporation, being the agents and servants of the Government, were bound to obey. Nevertheless he says of the Local Direc-tory :Š That company was the only financially responsi ble body connected with this enterprise. The gov-ernment fixed an express limit to the liability which might be incurred on its account. It necessarily follows that the local corporation is legally liable for all obligations created, whether by the govern-mentŠwhether by the government agencies or by the local corporation itselfŠwithin the scope of the general scheme. In fact, the local corporation, as was stated by one of the counsel for the defense, is only another agent of the government. All acts of the government in the way of providing for the erection of buildings, making exhibitsŠall appro-priations made by Congress are in the nature of gifts to this enterprise, one just as much as another. The government agrees or proposes to build certain structures, to make certain exhibits, and to make certain appropriations. They are all gifts to the enterprise. Judge Woods considers the appropria..  tion of the souvenir coins as a gift with a condition attached, and says :Š I do not think it at all permissible to speak of the transaction as a matter of contract. It would be discreditable to the government, and discreditable to the Exposition to be bargaining on any such subject. The fact is that by reason of the enlarged plans and scope of the Exposition, greater expend-itures of money were necessary than was in the first instance apprehended. Congress was appealed to to give further help, but in the meantime we know that the question of Sunday opening had begun to be agitated. The agitation began early, and yielding to that sentiment, or indorsing it, Congress made a further gift, but coupled with it this condition. The government, without giving a dollar, as I think, had the power at any time to enact this rule, but it had never chosen to do it. It did not choose to do it now, absolutely, but, sim-ply, the occasion calling for further help, it makes it a condition of giving that help that the gates shall be closed. If the government had intended simply a bargain it would have stopped short of using the language that it did. The expression is: " It is hereby declared that all appropriations herein made for or pertaining to the World's Columbian Exposition are made upon the condition that the said Exposition shall not be open to the public on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." If the government had simply meant a condition, whether you call it a contract or a gift, and to have had the rights that might result from a breach of that condition, it would have stopped with the lan-guage that I have read. A gift being made upon a condition, of course any- breach of the condition would have its legal consequences; but the Act of Congress goes further and says : " If said appropria-tion be accepted by the corporation of the State of Illinois, known as the World's Columbian Exposi- tion, upon that condition it shall be and is hereby made the duty of the World's Columbian Commis- sion, created by Act of Congress of April 25, 1890, to make such rules or modifications of the rules of said corporation as shall require the closing of the Exposition on said first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." Congress went further than merely to declare a condition; it declared an obligation; enacted an obligation upon the commission to adopt this rule.  The rule was adopted. Independently of the prop-osition that the rule had not been repeal-d, in fact it is quite clear that the rule adopted under such a requirement could not be repealed. No matter if the commission had been present, and they had all voted to ratify the act of the directory, it would have been a void act, because it was not for them to revoke the action which they had been required to take by superior authority. The portion of the souvenir coins not yet paid over to the World's Fair authori-ties, Judge Woods declared to be improp-erly withheld, but says :Š It follows that there has been no legal withhold-ing of this money, and the acts of administrative officers cannot be allowed to put the government in the attitude of an unjust withholding of that which it had promised to give. A construction should not be adopted which puts the government in the wrong. I therefore am quite clear that there has been no breach of obligation on the part of the government of which these parties have any right to complain. I should not deem it within their authority, even if there had been a breach to repeal the rule. Congress had the right to make this regulation, and chose, in making this gift, to re-quire the adoption of the regulation, and it is effect-ive in my judgment, notwithstanding the grounds urged for disregarding it. The next question is the right of the government to seek relief in a court of equity. There is no want of equity in the government's position. The government has an interest in this matter because it has possession of the grounds and for other reasons. The only question is the question of the jurisdiction of the court. If the government has possession then it has a right to protect its possession. It is now an enforcement of a criminal provision. The gov-ernment has the same right to protect its possession and its right to regulate the occupation of those grounds that it has of this building; (the post office building in the city of Chicago) its title is temporary; its possession is temporary, but for the time being it has the same right there that it has here. Of the jurisdiction of the State Court which had granted a temporary injunction restraining the World's Fair Directory from excluding the people from the public park on Sunday or any other day of the week, the Judge said :Š If I am right in respect to possession, then the State Court has no more right to pass judgment  concerning the opening and closing or any other act of management of the Fair or Fair grounds than it would have with regard to the doors of this building. It is not a question of the United States exercising authority over local corporations; it is a question of its exercising authority over ground which a local corporation has delivered into its possession, and of which the local corporation itself had possession, only for the purpose of making that delivery. It is provided in the act of the leg-islature of the State, as well as in the ordinance of the Park Commissioners, that the ground was li-censed, or leased, whatever you call it, to the local corporation for the purposes of this Exposition, and that alone. It took possession only for the purpose of devoting it to this use, and therefore the posses-sion and control are completely within the govern-ment. On that theory I would have no doubt with regard to the duty of this court, to aid and protect the government in its possession, regardless of any effort of the State courts to interfere. Of course it is undesirable that conflicts of jurisdiction shall arise, and I have no serious fear any such conflict will arise in this case. My opinion is that the relief prayed ought to be granted. Judge Jenkins did not agree with Judge Woods in regard to the possession of the World's Fair and grounds by the United States Government; he looked upon the souvenir coin appropriation as a gift, but the amount required for awards, diplomas, etc., was a loan on security and the sou-venir coins which were retained were that security. This in his opinion did not in-validate the condition attached to the sou-venir appropriation, and it was his con-clusion that " a court of chancery is authorized to see to it that the condition is enforced and observed." As to the possible conflict of authority between the State and United States Courts, Judge Jenkins said I need only add with reference to the action of the State Court, which is pressed upon our atten-tion, and as to which we are sought through motives of comity not to interfere with, that the Government of the United States was not before that court, and while for one I always recognize the right and jurisdiction of a State Court over a subject properly before it, when it has jurisdiction of the parties and the subject matter, there can exist at this day no sort of question that the United States of America has the right to use the courts of its own jurisdiction for the determination of its rights, and that a State Court cannot by any pro-ceeding between private parties undertake to adju-dicate upon those rights of the government, or by its injunction nullify the rights of the government ol the United States. I am therefore of the opinion upon the grounds which I have stated, that this injunction prayed for should issue. Judge Jenkins, in the course of his opinion, touched upon the question of constitutionality in these words :Š It is said that this legislation by Congress is with-out the power of Congress; that it is unconstitu-tional; that it seeks to establish religious tests. I cannot concur in that objection. The legislation with respect to the observance of the first day of the week has nothing to do with the matter of religious tests, or the compulsion of a particular religious belief or service. It is founded upon the necessities of the human race as taught us by ex-perience; the needed rest which human beings require from the avocations of six days' labor, and it is justified by that experience outside of and ir-respective of any question of creed or any question of religion ; and all that the laws seek to do, the laws of the several States which have existed almost from the existence of the States, is to provide for that needed rest and to provide for non-interruption in that rest, and in such re-ligious services as any citizen chooses to indulge in. It is not an imposition upon any one of com-pulsion in respect to religious belief or in respect to attendance at church. It provides simply for the protection and for the peace of those who may choose to attend church; that they shall not be in-terrupted by labor that day. This point of constitutionality was al-luded to by Judge Grosscup, incidentally, in the course of presenting his dissenting opinion, in language which showed that in his mind the legislation upon the part of Congress to close the World's Fair on Sundays was the assumption of an uncon- 