wo  EXACT JUSTICE rt.  0144  182 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 1g.-2,ktrI401V.A.T.4  Rollaiolls Libutll fisso6lation DEGURRTION Or PRINCIPLE'S. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. CITY. 219 5741 ST., S. E. WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. 251 W. MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. Ł C. ELDRIDGE, - - PRESIDENT. W. A. COLCORD, SECRETARY. CINCINNATI has prohibited Sunday base-ball playing. ACCORDING to the Christian Statesman Rev. W. F. Crafts's appointments for June 7 to October 20 are as follows : June 7, probably Mankato, Minn. ; June 14, Duluth, Minn. ; June 16, probably Mason City, Iowa; June 21, Atchison, Kan. ; June 24, Fremont (Neb.) Chautauqua; June 27 and 28, Lisbon, No. Dak., State Sabbath School Convention; July 2, 3, Waseca (Minn.) Chautauqua; July 9, National meeting of Christian Endeavor Societies, Minneapolis; July 11,, Chester (Ill.) Chautauqua; July 28, 29, Madison (Wis.) Chautauqua; Aug. 1, 2, Lakeside (Ohio) Chatauqua; Aug. 4, Clarion (Pa) Chautauqua; Aug. 9, Mansfield, Ohio; Sept. 13, 16, Kansas City, Mo. ; Oct. 20, Canajoharie (N. Y.) Sabbath School Con-vention. Ł Ł-Ł  A Baptist Lawyer's Opinion. THE following letter from a Baptist lawyer of Columbia, North Carolina, was recently received by one of our Religious Liberty workers in Chicago :Š Your printed communication of the 13th ult. came; to hand by due course of mail, but it having been mislaid because of the pressure of business, it escaped my attention till to-day. During the few months I have been the recipient of your kindness in sending me THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, I have been an attentive and appreciative reader of it, and I commend the paper equally as much as I condemn the conditions which called it into existence. Of all the questions which are to-day engaging the attention of the thinking people of this country, I consider that there is none of such vital importance to, the people as the preservation of civil and relig-ious liberty,Šthose liberties for the exercise ,of which our ancestors left home, friends, property, in fact all that could be near and dear to them, and sought out these savage shores, and founded here (as they supposed) a home for all who desired to  worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences, and in the exercise of this liberty and others, untrammeled by pseudo-religionists, and earthly potentates. The idea that we, their descend-ants, are on the eve of cutting loose from the safe moorings of the past, would seem both.  absurd and ridiculous, did not the stern facts of Sunday con-spirators attest the truth of that idea. It occurs to me that the surest guarantee of the perpetuity of our Republic in the past has been the alienation of the Church and State, and its exist-ence as a Republic has been endangered in that degree to which they have approached to a union in the past, and will be endangered in the same degree in the years to come. Talk about the Gov-ernment throwing its mantle of protection around the Church! 'Tis as well for God to beg alms of the devilŠequally as absurd. Let the Government once try the experiment, and it will be found that the mantle of protection will assume a different role, and prove the means of stifling the civil power, and bigotry will rule supreme, and all churches and all denominations will bow to the church in power, or lose their heads for disobedi-ence. I belong to that denomination known as the Baptist, and wish to enjoy in common with all people those liberties which were secured at the cost of burnings, persecutions, and death from the hands of those who believed in a junction of Church and State. I candidly admit that I was ignorant of the magnitude of the effort now being made by the so-called reformers to secure the enactment of State and federal legislation, which, if accom-plished, could only bring disaster. I repeat, I have been an attentive reader, and the lessons I have learned I consider invaluable. I wish THE AMER-ICAN SENTINEL much prosperity, and I am sure its mission will not be accomplished until it has brought every molder of thought and every thinker to a due appreciation of the dangers which are as-sailing them. Humbly but truly yours in your effort for refor-mation of public sentiment, I am, National Reform in the South. WE commend to the special attention of those who think National Reform never can amount to anything, the following from a minister in G-raysville, Tennessee: The National Reform idea is growing rapidly throughout the entire South. Sam Jones has been in Chattanooga (thirty miles south of here) for two weeks past, and has stirred the city wonderfully on the subject of Sunday laws. On the last night of his services, at the mention, by him, of a " Law and Order League " to take Sunday desecration in hand, one thousand men were on their feet at once expressing their willingness to join the organization. Hats were thrown in the air, people shouted at the top of their' voices, and the wildest enthusiasm prevailed. I tell you the devil is getting things . ripe for the final assault upon liberty of conscience, and I believe that Chattanooga, the " gateway of the South " will be an important point from which the forces will radiate, the same as they did during the memorable struggles of the civil war. The Chattanooga Daily News, of May 22, also says :Š The amount of enthusiasm Sam Jones created in Chattanooga can best be judged by a little incident. Yesterday a prominent young citizen, heretofore by no means noted for his godliness, stopped a News man and said: "Third party, democrats or what not, I believe this country would be a thousand times better off if Sam Jones was president. A vigorous moral reform administration like unto what his would be would prove the salvation of the country. And I believe if he could be induced to run, he would be elected." And he seemed to be in earnest. A Religious Test Applied. W. J. ALEXANDER, professor of logic and rhetoric, has been expelled from the faculty of the State University at Colum-bia, South Carolina, because he is a Uni-tarian. Sunday, May 17, this action was made the basis of a sermon by Rev. H. A. Whitman, Pastor of the Unitarian Church of Charleston. Mr. Whitman is reported as follows :Š " The principles of religious freedom, recognized and taught by Christ, and which have been incorporated in the fun-damental law of our country, have been violated here in our own State by State officials. The spirit of free inquiry has been threatened, and the rights of con-science trampled upon so far as this could be done by the imposition of civil disabil-ities. " We have fallen back upon mediaeval times, and it seems that the battle, which we all thought had been fought and glori-ously won long ago, will have to be fought over again in South Carolina. In this nineteenth century of progress, and under the splendid light of scientific truth, the ruling spirit of the old Spanish Inqui-sitionŠthe spirit of TorquemadaŠis being invoked. A professor of the South Caro-lina college, who is a gentleman of Chris-tian character and of marked intellectual ability, has recently been dismissed from that institution because he holds to Uni-tarian views of religion. In spite of the statement of this Unitarian professor of logic that he had carefully refrained from giving expression to his religious views, that -he held them as private property, and that his text-book on logic was devoid of a single heretical statement, this board of trustees of an institution, presumably committed to no- sectarian bias or theo-logical system, resolved itself into an in-quisitorial council or commission, with the Governor of the State as inquisitor-in-chief, and proceeded to subject the pro-. fessor in question to a most searching re-ligious examination, which lasted for an hour or more, and resulted in his dis- missal. Ł " It is exceedingly difficult to believe that such a thing could take place in South Carolina. Why, after reading a report of this examination, I had but to shut my eyes Sand think of it all to forget the enlightened age in which I live, and wonder how I, a modern, came to be living in the Dark Ages of the world, when men, just struggling into the light of scientific truth, were brought before ecclesiastical tribunals and subjected to similar catechis-ings. What a spectacle for the gods and men in 1891. Here we have men inquiring as though we had a State religion. By their action these trustees say to the world that no Unitarians can be professors at the college, while Unitarians pay for its sup-port. Look at the action, and we will see nothing to commend in it, but everything to condemn." 