650 TI-10-&EIN'riNEL, Or 1,113:ztry.: News, Notes ... and Continent Two judges in New Jersey, have recently decided that negroes can not beŁ naturalized in the United Siates. One of these. decisiOns was by Judge Kirk-patrick, in a United States court at Trenton. The other was by a State judge..  Ot' IT is said that there are naw_ in China 10806 foreign troops, and 326 guns, while 124,500 men and 172 guns are en route. SPEAKING of the case referred to in these columns last week the New York Christian Adv' oC ate defends the tight of any one to leave .his"praperty to -be used in combating the doctrine of ...the immortality-of thesoul, if he chooses so to" do, After stating the ground of the contest, with which our readers are already-farniliar, the AdvOcate says: "This is na gro-und for breaking a will. This-wing of Adventists.'siniplybe-,- lieve this: that immortality' is a gift to the true be-liever; that withotit this gift people are extinguished by, the dissolution of the Physical body,,but Christ gives the principle ofimatortal life to those who be-lieve in him." ' ..0 -T10' impassibility of Makinga conintunity better by law or Of evehcoMpellingŁa lawless community to be law-abiding; has:been illustrated in South. Caro-lina by the failure of the law giving damages' to the heirs'of any person lynChed in that State. Sdit was 'brought by the son ,of a negro who was 'lynched.. The charge of the' judge was as nearly a's, possible in:the nature of. instruction to the jury to find for.the A 'verdict nevertheless, returned,infavOt of the county. So. determined,. however, Was the' judge that jus-tice should. be  dime and :the ,law. carried Tout to the letter,,that he set aside the verdict and Ordered a, - new trial, but again a verdict has,4beeMrethrned, for the county. To the cre,clit.of the presSof the State, be it' said; that prornittetitpapets'are demanding that -the law 'be. enforced, The News and. Courier of Charleston.  says: "It- is- to be hoped that the case will  be'pressed to,a third trial;  and a fourth; and as Many more as may be necessary to vindicate the law in-volved in it, according to the 'evidence and the judg-ment of the court." THE new capital of China is nearly four-hundred miles from a railroad. Thus far all efforts to in= duce the imperial family to return to Peking have been futile, and So far as easy communication "with the 'Chinese government is  concerned, the Powers are not as well off as before they took Peking. .4 .4 A COMPLETE list of Protestant missionaries known to have been killed from the beginning of the Boxer movement in China to September 5, has been received by the American Bible Society froM its agent in Shanghai. The list numbers 178 names, 66 inen,i 73 women, and 39 children. Among them are 69 Americans, 25 men, 24 women and 20 children. "Singularly enough," says the Mich/ ,On Christian Advocate," not a single missionary of our. own Metho-dist Episcopal Church, according to Doctor Leon-ard, was killed." IT has' been arranged to introduce the readlog of the Bible into the public schOols of this -city. Far this purpcise a book of, Bible extracts has been com- piled by committee., one member of , which iS..a Catholic. 01 coŁurse- the purpose is to supply " an-sectarian " religious instruction.  from original sources, and incidentlly to giVe the pupils .the benefit of familiarity with Bible: literature; and this last ob-ject is 'the only one that will be at all niet, and that.  only ery, imperfectly, because no;  really intelligent idea-can be formed_ of the Bible by simply reading, exCerpts from it. , ,TheŁprincipal object, namely, that of giving re-ligious instruction, will also fail: ,Religion can not be taught in that way. Upon this subject 'the testi-mony Of .DoctOr Contad,editar ,of. the LUthera21 Ob —server, is -of value. 'After" spending three 'years in Gerniany the doctor said: '‚Thete is' no real religion. Religion is turned —over to. the.. 'schoolmaster. The parents say:.‚ The schoolmaster teaches religion; I.  am. not responsible for that.' - . Ł The experience of Germany ,in attempting to teach religion should be a: warning la- all: the world. -In no country,'-proaably, are all.the -Walks of life so permeated with infidelity as 'in Germany, and yet-in 