tripthiHirmi 384 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 5, No. 48. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 4, 189t). NOTE:L-Ally OM receiving' the AMERICAN SENTINEL without haviag ordered -it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked' " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by sPecial arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have, no fears that they' will be asked, to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-offlle. ' THE Chicago Evening Post has for some weeks past' been receiving ballots for and against the Sunday opening of the Colum-bian Exposition. November 15, the vote stood, for Sunday opening, 7,542; against Sunday opening, 3,301. THE Mail and Express says Let the pure religious fire caught from heaven by the clean hands of the fathers ever brightly burn upon the altar of American liberty. May every foreigner, who visits our shores of freedom during the World's Fair, return home with the conviction that true religious devotion is not only compatible with, but essential to, the highest form of individual independence. and national liberty. But what becomes of " individual inde-pendence " if the individual is so hedged about by civil law that he has no inde-pendence ? A LONDON secular paper remarks that " it is hardly fair that a ship-owner who encourages his crew to respect Sunday should suffer in the competitive strug-gle," and says that the Government should " secure for all alike the rest and quiet which in the self-governing Colonies is en-forced by law." Commenting upon this, the "Present Truth, an English religious paper, says : " That is, compel men who do not believe, so that those,who do will have no sacrifices to make, and will not suffer in the com-petitive struggle. This would be com-pensation with a vengeance. That relig-ious papers should be making such appeals as this is 'not a hopeful sign of the times. They only show how utterly antagonistic to the spirit of the gospel is the spirit of Sunday laws and all other religious legis-lation." REV. NATHANIEL W. CONKLING, D.D., writes' a letter to the New York Observer, descriptive of Alaska and some of its peo-ple,n which speaking of the Metlakahtla Indians, he says:Š These so-called Indians are Christianized. Mr. Duncan acts in the belief that to educate them without Christianizing them is to give them a bane rather than a blessing. All information goes to show that they are consistent Christians. In this Sabbathless country, every Metlakahtla Indian who makes, a contract to work in mines, canneries, or forest, insists on the distinct agreement that he does no work on Sundays. Who can doubt that these Indians are altogether more self-reliant and better  able to meet all temptation under, such circu.mstances than they would had they been hedged around with a Sunday law, and required to keep the day to avoid ar-rest and imprisonment ? The fact that these Christianized Indians keep. Sunday, in, a country where there is no law requiring them to do so, shows that others could keep it also if they were only sufficiently Christianized to be willing to practice a little self-denial, and suffer, loss if neces-, sary, rather than violate their conscientious convictions, of duty. `THE history of Protestantism has noth-ing to boast of over Catholics," says the Catholic Review. "They know very well Šat least some of them doŠthat we can more than match them in every charge they bring against us, especially in the charge of persecution for conscience' sake. If we were so disposed we could appeal to the whole history of Protestantism, and especially to that of our Puritan fore-fathers, to prove conclusively that the country is in danger of the supremacy of that element." This is all too true; but it don't prove that persecution for conscience' sake is right. It is equally evil come from what source it may. Intolerance mas-querading as Protestantism is just as wicked as when wearing the badge of Rome. IN the United States District Court, November 4, Judge Hanford rendered an opinion in the suit brought by Catholic Bishop of Nesqually to obtain the title of 340 acres of land occupied as a military reservation by the United States Govern-ment at Vancouver, Wash. The claim brought by the plaintiff is based upon the establishment of a missionary station at Vancouver with consent of Hudson Bay Company. The property is now estimated to be worth nearly $1,000,000. The Court holds that the claims of the United States Government to the lands, as a reservation, is prior in time and for that .reason, if no other, superior in equity to that of plain-tiff. An appeal was taken to the United States Supreme Court. This is simply his-tory repeating itself ; favors once granted the Roman Church have invariably been subsequently demanded as rights; and in this respect many so-called Protestant bodies are not one whit behind Rome. THE Christian Advocate, referring to the Louisiana Lottery, says :Š It takes from New England more than three mil-lion dollars annually. It draws over long distances and its drafts are immense. How much does it re-turn ? If it did no other mischief than swallow the people's millions without yielding any adequate re-turn it might be endured. The demoralization of consciences and manhood which it produces is in-finitely 'worse. This is a very common but a very erroneous idea. The legitimate business of the Government is to protect the per- sons, property,- and reputation of its citi-zens ; and to do this properly requires the prohibition of such swindling concerns as lotteries. The fact that lotteries are demoralizing does not justify their prohibition. The same argument would justify the suppres-sion of a great deal of literature with which probably even the Advocate would not in-sist that the State should meddle. When the State begins to regulate morals there is no place for it to stop short of absolute paternalism -with all its objectionable features. THE Independent has the following :Š A colporter of the American Bible Society, Pen - zotti, has-been imprisoned in Peru, near the capital, for circulating Spanish Bibles. At the latest advices he had been lying in jail two months awaiting trial. It was his expectation when he last wrote that he would be sentenced shortly to four months or a year's imprisonment. The only crime of which he was guilty, so far as the American Bible Society has learned, was that of selling Bibles.. It seems in-credible that such a case should occur in any of the South American countries, and particularly in a State like Peru. In Argentine and in Chili full lib-erty of 'worship is allowed, but not yet in Peru nor in Bolivia. Yes, it does seem strange' that such an outrage upon human rights can be per-petrated in this enlightened age anywhere outside of RussiaŠor rather it would seem strange did we not know that in more than one State of our own glorious Union, honest, industrious, and God-fearing men have within the present year been im-prisoned, not for selling Bibles, but for Łreading the Bible and obeying it just as it reads rather than' as expounded by the dormant religious sects. A LITTLE pamphlet on the Sunday ques-tion has reached our table. We are at a loss to understand why a man who pro-fesses to reverence Sunday should use such suicidal means. The book begins by claim-ing that the day is a religious Sabbath, but ends up by the oft-repeated assertion that it is not; that it is a 'civil Sabbath. The argument simply overthrows itself. It is a new form 'of the story about the Irish woman who didn't want to lend her tub: " A tub is it! Sure an' I niver owned sich an article," and seeing a doubtful ex-pression on her neighbor's face, added, " An' baysoids, wasn't it Mrs. O'Rafferty that borried it jist this blessed minit ?" ŠMoral and Scientific Companion THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the  United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York, 