146 TuririticANT s]E: N INT1E1-1 VOL 11, No. 19. the shirt of a penitent, and entreating to be admitted to the Pope's presence." Complaisant minds may think there is no danger, but what are the facts? There exists at the present time a world-wide condition of affairs exceedingly favorable to the Pretentions of the Roman Hierarchy. For years modern civilization has apparently been about to crumble, like the Roman Em-pire, under the weight of its own magnificence. Those conditions essential to stability have not been preserved, and the recognition of impending ruin has become well-nigh uni-versal. Very naturally men are casting about to find some remedy; but so far the search has been in vain. -World-wide Perplexity. An abnormal state of affairs exists every-where. The jealousy of nations has imposed upon them burdens too great to be borne in-definitely. Immense standing armies have depleted national treasuries to the verge of bankruptcy. Indeed, some of the nations have been unable to meet their obligations already; but the armies must be maintained at any cost, for ability to repel an invader is the price of national autonomy. Upon the unnatural condition created by exorbitant taxation and the withdrawal of so many thousands of men from industrial pur-suits, has been superinduced unparalleled commercial depression. Nations are per- plexed, the people are restless and dissatisfied to a degree that threatens the very existence of civil society. Rome Sees All This, and seeing it she is preparing to take every advantage afforded both by existing and by impending conditions. Rome has never been modest in her claims, but within the last de-cade she has become more bold than even her wont in asserting her powers and in pressing her claims as the saviour of society, the pos-sessor of a panacea for all ills that afflict or threaten the body politic of the world. Will the world be warned of the designs of the Papacy before it is too late? Of this sys-tem the Nun of Kenmare says:Š It has the power in many countries to trample on the courage of the weak, because it flatters and bribes the strong to act as its allies until the strong also become weak; and then they, too, learn what are the tender mercies of this professedly Christian church. Rome Never Changes. In her spirit, in her disposition, in her es-sential nature and characteristics, Rome is the same to-day that she was two hundred or five hundred years before Christ. Between Rome's beginning and our day, be-tween 753 B. 0. and 1894 A. D., she has ap-peared in different outward forms, she has taken on different phases, such as the kingly, the republican, the imperial and the papal; but it has been Rome all the timeŠRome in spirit, in nature, and in essential charac-teristics. There is no world-power that occupies so large a place in the Bible as does Rome. Rome, from its rise in ancient time and in its pagan form, through all its career, its merg-ing into the papal form, and down to our own day, is traced in all its workings, and is marked in its every essential feature, by the pen of inspiration. And it is Rome all the time and always the sameŠcunning, crafty, insinuating, arrogant, violent, persecuting 1  Encyclopaedia Britannica, Art. Henry IV. 2  " Life Inside the Church of Rome," page 4 of preface. and bloodyŠalways actuated by the same spirit and pursuing steadily the same pol-icy. So constant, so persistent, and so char-acteristic is this policy, that it is singled out in the Scripture and distinctly defined as "his policy." In the eighth chapter of Daniel there is a prophecy of the career of Media and Persia, of Grecia under Alexander, and then under Alexander's successors, and of the power that should succeed these which by every evidence of Scripture and history, is demonstrated to be None Other Than Rome, And in that place this power is thus de-scribed :Š And in the latter time of their [Alexander's succes-sors'] kingdom when the transgressors are come to the full, a king of fierce countenance, and understanding dark sentences, shall stand up. And his power shall be mighty, but not by his own power; and he shall destroy wonderfully, and shall prosper, and practice, and shall destroy the mighty and the holy people. And through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand; and he shall magnify himself in his heart, and by peace shall destroy many : he shall also stand up against the Prince of princes; but he shall be broken without hand. Observe that it is distinctly declared that " through his policy also, he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand," "and by peace shall destroy many." To know what this "policy" is, is to know the character of Rome from beginning to end. To underatand this "pol-icy," is to understand papal craft even to-day, for "Rome never changes." Roman Policy Described. Rollin, the historian, describes this Romish policy so fully and gives such a perfect analy-sis of it that we cannot do better than to quote his words:Š " The reader may perceive from the events above related, one of the principal character-istics of the Romans, which will soon deter-mine the fate of all the States of Greece, and produce an almost general change in the uni-verse; I mean a spirit of sovereignty and do-minion. This characteristic does not display itself at first in its full extent; it reveals it-self by degrees; and it is only by an insensible progress which at the same time is sufficiently rapid, that we see it carried at last to its greatest height. " It must be confessed that this people, on some occasions, show a moderation and disin-terestedness, which, from a superficial view, seems to exceed everything we meet with in history, and which we feel it incumbent on us to praise. " Was there ever a more glorious day than that in which the Romans, after having car-ried on a long and dangerous war, after cross-ing seas and exhausting their treasures, caused a herald to proclaim, in a general assembly, that the Roman people restored all the cities to their liberty, and desired to reap no other fruit by their victory than the noble pleasure of doing good to nations, the bare remem-brance of whose ancient glories sufficed to endear them to the Romans? The descrip-tion of that immortal day can hardly be read without tears and without being affected with a degree of enthusiasm, of esteem, and admiration. Only Imaginary Freedom. " Had this deliverance of the Grecian States proceeded merely from a principle of gener-osity, void of all interested motives; had the whole tenor of the conduct of the Romans been of the same nature with such exalted sentiments, nothing could possibly have been more august, or more capable of doing honor  to the nation. But if we penetrate ever so little beyond this glaring outside, we soon perceive that this specious moderation of the Romans was entirely founded on a profound policy; wise, indeed, and prudent, according to the ordinary rules of government, but at the same time very remote from that noble disinterestedness so highly extolled on the present occasion. It may be affirmed that the Grecians then abandoned themselves to a stupid joy, fondly imagining that they were really free, because the Romans declared them so. " Greece, in the times I am now speaking of, was divided between two powers; I mean the Grecian Republics and Macedonia; and they were always engaged in war; the former, to preserve the remains of their ancient lib-erty, and the latter, to complete their subjec-tion. The Romans, perfectly well acquainted with this state of Greece, were sensible that there was no necessity of apprehending any difficulty from those little republics, which were growing weak through length of years, by intestine feuds, mutual jealousies, and the wars they had been forced to support against foreign powers. But Macedonia, which was possessed of well-disciplined troops, inured to all the toils of war, which had continually in view the glory of her former monarchs, which had formerly extended her conquests to the extremities of the globe, which still harbored an ardent, though chimerical desire, of attain-ing universal empire, which had a kind of natural alliance with the kings of Egypt and Syria, sprung from the same origin and united by the common interests of monarchy; Mace-donia, I say, gave just alarm to the Romans, who, from the ruin of Carthage, had no ob-stacles left with regard to their ambitious de-signs but those powerful kingdoms that shared the rest of the world between them, and especially Macedonia, as it lay nearest to Italy. A Specious Bait. " To balance, therefore, the power of Mace-don, and to dispossess Philip of the aid he flattered himself he should receive from the Greeks, which, indeed, had they united all their forces with his, in order to oppose his common enemy, would perhaps have made him invincible with regard to the Romans, they declared loudly in favor of those repub-lics, made it their glory to take them under their protection, and that with no other de-sign, in outward appearance, than to defend them against their oppressors; and farther, to attach them by still stronger ties, -they hung out to them the specious bait, as a reward for their fidelity. I mean liberty, of which all the republics in question were inexpressibly jealous, and which the Macedonian monarchs had perpetually disputed with them, " The bait was artfully prepared and as eagerly swallowed by the generality of the Greeks, whose views penetrated no farther. But the most judicious and most clear-sighted among them discovered the danger that lay concealed beneath this charming bait, and ac-cordingly, they exhorted the people from time to time, in their public assemblies, to beware of this cloud that was gathering in the West; and which, changing on a sudden into a dreadful tempest, would break like thunder over their heads, to their utter destruction. A Tribunal From Which There Was No Appeal. " Nothing could be more gentle and equi-table than the conduct of the Romans in the beginning. They acted with the utmost mod-eration towards such States and nations as 