282 AMERICAN SENTINEL. sheriff and gave them some reading matter, and showed them the account of the Arkansas persecutions as given in "Two Bepublics." He seemed much interested in it and said he would read up on the subject. I am using all the reading matter I have and could use a good deal more to good advantage. "Nothing saves us here from suffering the severest penalties of the law but the exemption clause. Our ene-mies are eager to prosecute. "Pray for us that we may do efficient work for the Master. " H. CLAY GRIFFIN." THE executive committee of the "California State Sabbath Association" recently met and passed a resolu-tion to the effect that Sunday concerts, illustrated Sun-day lectures, etc., are a violation of the holy law of the Sabbath, which requires all people to spend the whole day `in the public and private exercises of God's worship, except so much as is to be taken up in the works of neces-sity and mercy.' " We wonder what "holy" Sabbath law can be referred to here. We know of but one holy Sabbath lawŠthe fourth commandmentŠand that says nothing about spending the day in "the public and private exercises of God's worship, except so much as is to be taken up in the works of necessity and mercy." The quotation reads like some old Puritan regulation of colonial times. Whether this or not, it is a mere human statute, and to designate it as "the holy law of the Sabbath," is nothing short of blasphemy. Call for a New Church. A CONFERENCE met April 16, at Scranton, Pa., in an-swer to a call which affirms that true reformers can no longer consistently condemn sinful and corrupt political parties while supporting and holding religious fellowship with the same political sinners in the church," and hence that "all Christians must come out" of the existing churches, which it asserts are "unfaithful to their Lord," and constitute only "thrice dead shells of official for-malism." The alleged necessity for this coming out is that "the need of the hour and of the age is an organization truly representing the kingdom of God to proclaim the mes-sage of salvation for the soul, for society and for the State;" and that "peace and prosperity with the blessing of Jehovah are, to be found only in the universal applica-tion of the same moral standard to political and corpo-rate acts that is applied to individual matters and rela-tions." This is only another indication that the spirit of the movement to combine religion with politic's is in the very air. But it recognizes that the churches which contain the politicians of the day are so corrupt that all Chris-tians must "come out" of them, and yet it sees no signi-ficance in the conjunction of this necessity with the fact that the churches are full of "political sinners." The truth is that the churches, by going into politics, are getting more and more filled with the spirit of world-liness; and when this new organization goes into poli-tics, as it must if its intentions are carried out, it will soon become as corrupt as any of the rest. The church that will keep out of politics entirely, will keep pure. PEOPLE wonder and are startled at the increase of homicide in this country, and ask what can be done to check it ; but in the public mind there is but a faint con-ception of the truth that murder belongs in the same class with all the "works of the flesh," which include many quite "respectable" sins; and that what is needed to lessen the one, is the same thing that is needed to diminish the other; namely, the grace 'of God in the heart. Inconsistent Protestants. THE Bible Echo (Protestant), of Melbourne, Austra-lia, in its issue of March 8, makes some pertinent and forcible observations upon an exhibition of inconsistency recently given there by a conclave of Protestant clergy-men. As we have previously mentioned, there is now in process of formation a federation of the six Australian colonies. the convention for the purpose of effecting this having assembled March 20. Among the candidates for election to this convention was Cardinal Moran. His candidature was viewed with alarm by the Protestant clergy, and a number of them Met in Sydney, February 16, to protest against it. At this meeting they passed a resolution setting forth that,Š "It is impossible to separate the person of Francis Patrick Moran from the position occupied by him as a Roman Catholic Cardinal and Archbishop of Sydney. The entry of so high an ecclesiastic into the political arena necessarily means the stirring up of sectarian rancor, and the introduction of a most undesirable ele-ment into the federal elections." Also that,Š "Since his arrival in Australia, Cardinal Moran has persistently played the part of the religious contro-versialist on every possible opportunity. He has assailed the religious faiths and practices of his Protestant fello w-colonists; has championed the imperious and impossible claims of the Roman See to absolute supremacy; and has also resorted to statements which have been proved to be untrue to discredit the apostolic labors of men and societies connected with the branches of Christendom which we represent. These statements, when proved to be untrue, have not been withdrawn or apologized for. The unprovoked character of these attacks shows the bias of the Cardinal's mind, and together with his un-flinching advocacy of the-intolerant claims of the Papacy unfit him, in our judgment, for the position of advocate of the rights of conscience and freedom of worship, as now announced by him." For these reasons they protested against allowing 