AMERICAN SENTINEL. 77 ' son, I don't know but you'll be apreacher yet; but if you are,' he added, 'I hope you'll stick to your profession and not try to be preacher and politician too, as some in these days seem endeavoring to do.' "Your father don't belong to the church, does he, "No, Tom; but do you know I believe he has got more good religion in him than some who do, and that isn't saying that people shouldn't belong to the church either. But now, Tom, I'm ready to begin. What does this jot and tittle mean in this text, that the Saviour says shall in no wise pass from the law?" "Why, Will, 'jot' is the smallest letter of the Hebrew alphabet. The Saviour is speaking to the Jews here and says that there shall not even so much as the smallest letter of their alphabet ever pass from the law till all be fulfilled." "And the 'tittle,' Tom, what is that?" "Why, that is just a little corner of a letter that makes it different from another that is very nearly like it. For instance, Will, you know how nearly alike our capital 0 and Q are? Just that little quirl taken from the Q would leave it an 0; but the Saviour tells them that not even the smallest letter nor the tiniest part of a letter shall ever pass from the law while heaven and earth remain. Turn to the 111th Psalm and read the last clause of the seventh verse and the first clause of the eighth." " 'All his commandments are sure. They stand fast for ever and ever.'" "For how long, Will?" "For ever and ever." "How many of them?" "All of them." "Now turn to Ecclesiastes, third chapter. Read the first two clauses of the fourteenth verse." " know that, whatsoever God doeth, it shall be for ever; nothing can be put to it, nor anything taken from it.' " "How does this text agree with the idea of the law's having been changed, Will?" "Not a bit of agreement about it, Tom." "So I say. You see the Saviour knew there would come a time when it would be taught that he changed the law, and he says, Think not that I have done such a thing. If you want to find what he did do, turn to Isaiah the forty-second chapter and twenty-first verse." " 'The Lord is well pleased for his righteousness' sake; he will magnify the law, and make it honorable.' "He will do what to it?" "Magnify it." "Now let me bring the magnifying glass, Will, and we will hold it over the page and see what it does.".  "It enlarges and brings out the parts more clearly! It Makes it lots plainer, Tom!" "Now Will, isn't that just precisely what the Saviour did when he said that not even the corner of a letter should ever pass from the law?" "Well, truly it is, Tom. I don't know of any way by which he could better have done it.." "Nor I. From what we have already gone over you wouldn't judge the study of the law so very confusing to the mind, would you, Will?" "No, indeed !" "Well, it's too late to study further to-night; but come over again, Will. I just enjoy 'an evening like this." "I too, Tom, and I am sure I thank you ever so much for helping me this time, and shall be only too glad to come again." ELSIE A. BROWN. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Invaluable to Bible and History Students THE ENMES OF THE BIBLE FROM THE TIME OF THE FLOOD TO THE BABYLONIAN CAPTIVITY. By ALONZO T. JONES. Recent research in Babylon and Egypt has brought to light many valu-able historical records that were inscribed in stone by the very men living  in those ancient times. These records and the Bible history of the same time are woven together in one connected story. Another important feature of the book is the tracing in a series of twenty-one maps, the course of those empires. The design of the book is unique, and every student either of Bible or history will find it invaluable. 410 Pages. Cloth, Post-paid, $1.50. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. AriERICAN SENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State. either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty Association. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. Six' months, .50 Three " .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 