376 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. do this or that (of themselves being perhaps right things to do), are not serving God. God accepts of no forced service. All such labor passes for nothing with him. Ministers of Christ can only persuade men. Hunting up civil statutes to wield against their fellow-men is no part of the service of Jesus Christ. T. E. BOWEN. The Foundation of Morals and Religion. We note the following in a leaflet that is being widely circulated through the educational campaign that is being conducted by the organizations favoring the Sunday laws : "Our State Sabbath laws are good and wholesome and afford a sure foundation for morals and religion." Is it not strange that professedly Christian people will advocate the idea that civil enactments are neces-sary as a foundation for morals and religion? And is not the idea that the civil government should lay the foundation for religion, a strange idea among the prin-ciples of American republicanism? If the Govern-ment can properly lay the foundation for religion, why can it not as properly erect the superstructure upon that foundation? As a building depends upon its foundation, so must the character of religion depend upon its foundation; and if the civil power can right-fully lay the foundation, by the same authority it can affect religion in any other way, and establish a state church. If the civil power has authority to do the greater thing, it must have authority to do the less. If state Sabbath laws are the foundation of morals and religion, what foundation had the latter before there were any such laws, or what foundation have they now where no such laws exist, as in California, for example ? Are there no morals and religion in California ? or do they rest upon another foundation there ? and if upon another foundation, why must state "Sabbath laws" exist to furnish them a foundation elsewhere? And how many different foundations can morals and religion have? Christianity is divine and rests upon no human foundation. The foundation of morals and religion was laid long before any human laws existed, even when the relation which they cover first came into be-ing. God himself laid the foundation, and that foun-dation stands to this day, as firm and as efficient as at the beginning, and thus it must stand through all eternity. Morals and religion which rest upon a hu-man foundationŠthe foundation of state lawsŠare not the morals and religion established by the Creator upon the eternal foundation of his own power and wisdom. That which rests upon a human foundation is itself, human, and morals and religion which ex-press only human.wisdom and human righteousness must be a delusion and a snare to all that trust in them. The conclusion reached in the leaflet is that since the "State Sabbath laws" afford "a sure founda-tion for morals and religion," "they should be rigidly enforced." But there can be no stronger reason why State "Sabbath laws" should not be enforced, than the very fact that they assume to be the foundation for morals and religion. An idea so erroneous as this does not speak well for the cause in behalf of which it was uttered. The cause of truth has no use for the assistance of error. s. Victory for Sunday Rest. (Chicago Chronicle, May 24.) It is gratifying to note that the city council of Miles City, Mont., shares in the enlightened belief that the toiler should have one day in seven in which to recruit his exhausted energies, to indulge in harmless recreation or to attend devotional services. The Miles City council believes that Sunday should be a day of rest, even though the cessation of labor on that day should involve some inconvenience to the community at large. The council is a humane body. For, the saloon-keepers of Miles City, having pe-titioned the council for permission to close their places of business on SundayŠalleging brain fag as the re-sult of overworkŠthe council granted the request after due deliberation. The concession was no small one. As is well known, the wet goods business is the foremost industry of Miles City and it was no light matter thus to sanc-tion its entire suspension one day in seven. As one member of the council pointed out, it was not only possible but probable that citizens would feel the need of a drink on Sunday. "What will they do?" he demandedŠanswering his own question with the gloomy and ominous prediction : "They will go to neighboring towns to get it," thus diverting commerce to rival municipalities and seriously disturbing the bal-ance of trade. But philanthropy and humanity prevailed over mere sordid considerations. The debate was animated, but in the end Sunday rest triumphed. The over-worked saloon-keepers are to have one day in which to recuperate for the arduous labors of the other six. In the meantime let us hope that the humane coun-cilmen will not be allowed to suffer as the result of their generous action. The Christian church being the body of Christ, as scripturally defined, it no more needs the support of the state than does Christ himself; and to advocate its support by the state is to advocate an alliance between the world and God. 