340 A.MLIZItICAN VoL. 10, No. 43. any certainty that their choice would be the right one. And even could they unerringly select the very best man for their purpose, the fallibility of those same men would still con-stitute a fatal defect in the working of the plan. It would only be putting the best men in the place of God, and thus erecting a stan-dard of moral authority infinitely below that which the need of the race demands. In other words, not the authority which commands men, but the individual com-manded, must be responsible for any deviation on his part from the pathway of moral recti-tude. God could not hold any person ac-countable for wrong doing while there was a possibility that the authority to which he had been made amenable might be itself in the wrong. According to the Statesman's plan, " a wise State " would not " refuse to receive the aid that the church can give toward a better understanding of the divine criterion of na-tional conduct." In other words " the State would show its wisdom if, when some difficult question had to be decided in its counsels, and it was at a loss to know what was the require-ment of the divine standard for nations, it would apply to the church of Christ for help in the interpretation of that perfect law." This is precisely what the " wise State " did in the Dark Ages. Nor was the proceeding such a difficult and dangerous one then as it will be now; for there was none then to dis-pute with the church of Rome the title of " Church of Christ," while now the number of contestants would be almost legion. What church shall it be that shall be privileged to thus direct the State in matters which involve an interpretation of the divine law ? Shall it be Catholic or Protestant ? and if Protestant, which one of the many Protestant sects? Does any one suppose that this question can be settled without a bitter contest ? " Old controversies will be revived and new ones will be added;" the cause of pure religion will be neglected, unscrupulous hypocrites will seek church connection for political ends, and the church will sink lower and lower until it will present a literal fulfillment of the prophetic words, " Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird." Rev. 18: 2. And this terrible picture is actually erelong to be realized,in the consumation of the move-ments which are everywhere fast dragging the Church into polities. And at that time the call will be sounded, " Come out of her, my peo-ple, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues." Rev.18 : 4. TAXATION WITHOUT REPRESENTATION. THE Board of Public Schools of Linwood, Nebr., recently decided to discontinue the repeating of the Lord's prayer or any other prayer, or the conducting of any religious exercise, in the schools under their control. The decision, of course, caused no small stir in the religious element of the place, the re-sult of which was a petition containing three hundred and fifty names, praying the Board to reconsider their action. The petition failed. The spokesman who voiced the sentiments of the majority of the Board, said, when the petition was presented : " I intend voting to-night as I did last Satur-day night. I do it from a firm conviction that I am right, and that all who are now op-posing me will yet acknowledge their error. There are none in Linwood more firm in their belief of the Bible than I am, nor any more anxious to see their children raised up in its  teachings than I. But the church and the home are the places for that, and my children receive it thoroughly at both places. I believe in crushing such troubles as these at the be-ginning. The majority should not force their views to obtain in the free schools." By a majority of one, the School Board de-cided to adhere to their decision. The religious element of Linwood, headed by the Presbyterian minister, will now agitate for the reestablishment of religious exercises in the schools. At an interview (as reported) the latter said : " This affair did not end, as far as I am concerned, Saturday night. I have already begun hunting up all authorities on the subject. We shall see what sectarian' means. I am now very hot on this subject, and will not talk on this subject from the pulpit while I am. But in two weeks I will be cooled down as well as prepared thoroughly. Then, look out." The position of the Board is the right one. This nation is built upon the repudiation of the principle of " taxation without represen-tation;" and when religion is admitted into the public schools, which all classes are taxed to support, this repudiated principle is reaf-firmed; for it is impossible to represent all classes in any arrangement which admits of religious teaching or exercises as a feature of public school work. Such an arrangement makes the school in reality sectarian, for a sect is nothing else than a class or party of people who are distinguished from others by a difference of belief, and as properly designates atheists, Jews, or Mohammedans, as it does Christians; and only that is unsectarian which is common to all sects. Religious instruction is indeed a prime ne-cessity in the proper education of every child ; but it must not be secured at the sacrifice of justice; and moreover, from the very fact that it is a matter of such importance, arises the necessity of safeguarding it more than can be done by committing it to the hands of public school teachers. WHAT A CONSTITUTION IS. [By Addison Blakely, Ph. D., Lecturer in Political Science and History, University of Chicago.] A CONSTITUTION, in its broadest sense, is a photograph of a government and its workings. The written constitution is merely the most important characteristics or phases of this photograph set down in writing, in the in-terests of stability and for the conservation of justice. The unwritten constitution is those methods of governmental procedure which have grown up or have been acquiesced in by governmental agents, either in the interests of convenience or from force of necessity arising from the demands of the people. Acts of arbitrary power, so common in past times, have had to give way, as enlightenment has advanced, to usages recognizing and protecting the rights of the people. As these usages acquire per-manence they become part of the constitution and enter into the life and character of gov-ernment. In other words, the constitution is the pho-tograph or description of the governmental 'institutions making up the machinery of gov-ernments. An institution is any mechanism used in the determination of what law is and in its enforcement. This is why the consti-tution is called the "fundamental law of the land." It is the law governing the ascertain-ment and enforcement of all other law. The purpose of the constitution is to have an established and just mode of determining and applying the rights and obligations of  each in reference to others. The law is op-posed to experimentsŠto all attempts at crea-tion. It is necessarily conservative. It re-gards with jealous care the principles and maxims that have cost so much labor and blood. Every letter in our fundamental law has cost a life. Little wonder then that the law is conservative. It may be so to a fault; but better so than to be tossed to and fro by every gust of wind yclept reform. The law must be stable; it must be permanent. Else it were of little value. These features of justice, stability, and age are what ,give to the great English constitu- tion its importance and sacredness. The English people, in their several homes,Šin Britain, in America, in Australia,Šregard their fundamental law with reverence and awe. And rightly so. For well nigh a score of centuries this constitution has given to the English people the freest government and the most personal liberty of any constitution on earth. A constitution, then, is merely the legal limitations, written and unwritten, governing the machinery of the body politic. Govern-ment itself, wherever crime is, is an absolute necessity. But a power so great, so universal, so irresistible as a governmental corporation necessarily is, must needs be confined in well-defined limits, or else the individual must perhaps suffer worse at the hands of this power then at the, hands of the comparatively weaker criminal. Experience has demonstrated this, and the constitutional limitations of the age are the result. Thus the constitution is an afterthought. It is an upgrowth of political needs and the people's welfare. " Written constitutions," says Webster, " sanctify and confirm great principles, but the latter are prior in existence to the former." And so declares the law. " What is a con-stitution, and what are its objects?" inquires the judicial magistrate in applying the funda-mental law. " It is easier to tell what it is not, than what it is. It is not the beginning of a community nor the origin of private rights; it is not the fountain of law, nor the incipient state of government; it is not the cause, but consequence, of personal and polit-ical freedom; it grants no rights to the peo-ple, but is the creature of their power, the instrument of their convenience. Designed for their protection in the enjoyment of the rights and powers which they possessed before the constitution was made, it is but the frame-work of the political government, and neces-sarily based upon the preexisting condition of laws, rights, habits and modes of thought. There is nothing primitive in it; it is all de-rived from a known source. It presupposes an organized society, law, order, property, personal freedom, a love of political liberty, and enough of cultivated intelligence to know how to guard it against the encroachments of tyranny. A written constitution is, in every instance, a limitation upon the powers of gov-ernment in the hands of agents; for there never was a written republican constitution which delegated to functionaries all the latent powers which lie dormant in every nation, and are boundless in extent and incapable of defi-nition."' Wherever force is, there is need for law. Wherever authority is granted, there is need for a measure of that authority. It is this purpose that the constitution serves. It ex-presses in words what exists in right and natural law, bounds over which those in con-trol must not go. It is a restraint upon those exercising the " powers that be." The Con-stitution is for the purpose of affording legal 1 Webster's Works, Vol. 2, page 292. a 15 Missouri State Reports, p. 13; Cooley's " Constitutional Limitations." 