1.2t-iii h h You want to succeed in life; you should be trained for success. The CAPITAL CITY COMMERCIAL COLLEGE and the CAPITAL CITY SCHOOL OF SHORTHAND, Y.M.C.A. Building, Deal Moines, Iowa, are among the leading business training schools of this country. Board from $1.76 to $2.00 per week. All expenses reasonable.: Competent graduates are assisted in securing pdsitions. The best of everything. Send for catalogue to Mehan & McCauley,: Des loins, Iowa. 654 AMERICAN SENTINEL. WITH OUR fIDNEKTISERS. Do you have the New Webster Dic-: tionary advertized in this paper? If not, send for one; it is the best thing of the kind on the market. The au-thor recently received an order from Ł One house for. 100,000 copies of it. Address' Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond St., New York. THE "whirl of the Cyclone con-tinues"Šor, more strictly speaking, the Cyclone Washer continues its whirl among the people, as the re-.ports of the agents show.,Mr: C. B. Williams, of Dunbridge, Oio, writes that he has made $44 in five days selling the machines ; and during the past three months has cleared $290. Address Coon Bros., Battle Creek, Mich., for further particulars and terms to agents. THE sick and. afflicted in the vicin-ity,  of the Nebraska Sanitarium can do no better than investigate its merits as a medical institution. It is cohdlieted oil strictly rational methods, and every known appliance fOr the alleviation and cure of huMan ailments is employed. The institu-tion is patterned- after the great Bat,  tie,Creek y Sanitarium. Write fOr'cirenlars, addressing as indicated in the advertisement in this issue. $Erin to this office for list of books slightly damaged, which are being offered at half price. THIS is the last week of the special offer on the premium Bible. WE, place in this issue the adver-tisement of a simple device for the relief and cure of catarrh, headache, asthma, and other like difficulties `Called the. Scientific Catarrh Inhaler, sfor sale by Dr. E. J. Worst, Ashland, Ohio. We ;have seen and used one  of these inhalers, and believe they are all that is claimed for them. The generous offer made by Dr. Worst is certainly 'entitled to consideration, as it could be no fairer. Those trou-bled with difficulties such as this in-haler is designed to alleviate, would do well to consult the advertisement on this page. THE WHIRL of the CYCLONE CONTINUES. The people are looking for a perfect washing machine. It is found ,only in the Cyclone, and it is so easy to demonstrate the fact to intending purchasers that agents for it are reaping a rich harvest. Write for terms and territory to Coon Bros., 18-20 .Hanover St., Battle Creek, Mich. CATARRH INHALER FREE. For Catarrh, Pains and Colds in Dead, Roaring Deafness and Throat Trouble. I will, for a:short time, mail any reader of the AMERICAN SENTINEL one of my new Scientific Ca-tarrh Inhalers and medi-cine for one year, with full directions, on three days' trial free. It cures by inhalation. If it &rives satisfaction send me $1, if not, kindly return it in the original package. Address, Dr. E. J. Worst, Ashland, Ohio. Dr. Worst makes our readers a generous offer and all can avail themselves of it.ŠEDITOR. Says PROF. E. A. SHELDON>  President of the State Normal School, Oswego, N.Y. "that so much that is valuable for one to know is brought into so small a com-pass and sold at so small a price." THE NEW Webster Dictionary AND Complete Vest Ł Pocket Library is full of happy sur-prises. It successfully combines a Diction-ary of 45,800 words; a complete Parlia-mentary Manual; Literary Guide, etc. Positively the only pocket dictionary giving the full pro-nunciation of words. Over 300,000 cop-ies sold. "I shall give this book a place in my vest pocket, a place that no other book thus far has had."ŠC. C. Gaines.-Pres. of Eastman Business College. 192 Pages, 5%x2% in., Weight, 2 ounces. Should be owned by every Student, ,Business Man, and Person of Intelligence. Cloth, 25 cents; Morocco, 50 cents; Extra Qual-ity with Three Years' Calendar, Perpetual Memorandum; and Safety Postage-Stamp. Holder, 60 cents. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. 