NEW YORK, JANUARY 23, 1896. 32 .A..M1Hilbt C N f4411N-91E'INMEA VOL. 11, No. 4. re ANY one receiving the AMERICAN Sasanum without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. Ir has been seriously proposed to offer in-ducements to children to act as spies upon violators of the Sunday "law" in this city. ON the llth inst., Senator McMillan, of Michigan, introduced into Alm Senate the District Sunday bill introduced in the House by Representative Morse. The text of the bill was printed in these columns three weeks ago WE hope every reader of the SENTINEL will study carefully the article, on the first page of this paper, " How Are the ' Powers That Be' Ordained ?" The practical importance of an undetstanding of this subject at thei.  present time, cannot be overestimated. A BOY of fifteen was arrested recently in this city for selling five cents' worth of coal on Sunday. Many poor families are able only to buy their coal from day to day as they use it. But Sunday " sacredness " must be pro- tected even if the very poor go without fires! A ROMAN CATHOLIC paper of St. Louis complains that while Mormonism did not keep Utah out of the Union " Catholicity keeps New Mexico out;" and adds: " There is nothing in either Mormonism or Mahometan-ism that conflicts with the strictest Protes-tantism." THE Christian Statesman, of January 4, an-nounces the accession of Senator John Sher-man, of Ohio, and Representative Nelson Dingley, of Maine, to the ranks of the advo-cates of compulsory Sunday observance, these well-known congressmen having recently made speeches in Washington " strongly favoring" a " stricter observance of the sabbath." A LADY has been refused admission to the circle of the "Colonial Dames" on the ground that Benjamin Franklin was not a really " worthy ancestor "! This need occasion no surprise when we remember that discredit is being cast upon pretty nearly everything con-nected with the era in which Franklin lived, even the Declaration of Independence being denounced as infidel and the Constitution of the United States as atheistic. WE trust that none of our readers have omitted the excellent articles which have been appearing from time to time in our columns, from the pen of Addison Blakely, Phn D., of the University of Chicago. Professor Blakely treats the subject of civil government and the  basis of civil law from the standpoint not of the scholastic but from that of the eternal principles of justice. The article in this number, as also the one to follow upon the same subject next week, contains information and suggestions of inestimable value to those who would be prepared to cope successfully with the modern theories of the nature and origin of Sunday legislation. These articles will bear not only reading but study. A TORONTO paper says that a very impor-tant decision has been handed down by Judge Rose, of that city, fully sustaining the run-ning of street cars on Sunday. The facts are stated thus: " Some time since, the Minis-terial Association of Hamilton took action against the street-car company for running cars on Sunday. Justice Rose's judgment was in all points in favor of the street-car com-pany. He held that the running of cars was in no sense a violation of the Lord's day act." JANUARY 13, Senator Pavey, of this city, introduced a bill at Albany " to extend the powers of the Parkhurst Society for the Pre-vention of crime." This bill provides for the employment of a superintendent (who may be a director of the society) to conduct all cases for the society before the various tribunals. Said superintendent to receive a salary him-self and to have authority to employ any of the other directors as counsel. This is noth-ing less than a proposition to support out of the public treasury a church-detective agency. The bill is far-reaching in its possible conse-quences and ought to be defeated. THE National Reform movement would not be half as dangerous to the rights and liber-ties of the people as it is, were the people themselves not so prone to regard it as an insignificant bit of fanaticism not at all likely to accomplish any serious results. Already Congress has shown a willingness to take part in a religious controversyŠthat of which day is the SabbathŠas it did in 1892 in the mat-ter of closing the World's Fair on Sunday; and in many instances of late the inherent rights of the people have been denied and ruthlessly invaded by religious legislation. Eternal vigilance is still the price of liberty. Indeed, vigilance and earnest efforts are now needed to recover what has been lost, as well as to guard that which is left. THE following is from the Western Watch-man, of January 9 :Š A Protestant preacher in Kansas City last Sunday said from his pulpit that the only churches the world had any need of were the Catholic churches. The Episcopalians should be given a certain time to be-come Catholics ; and after that all non Catholic churches should be taxed out of existence. Catholic churches should be maintained and exempted from taxation, because they were the refuges of the poor and the friendly inns of the weak, the suffering and the destitute of the whole world. The Watchman is a Roman Catholic paper and seems to approve the remarkable opinion  expressed by this " Protestant" preacher of Kansas City. Nevertheless Cardinal Gibbons has assured the American people that Rome is not in favor of a union of Church and State, and indeed if we mistake not the Watchman has many times confessed the same. No, Roman Catholics do not want a union of Church and State; like the National Reformers they want only a union of religion and the State. But in their eyes everything worthy the name of religion is bound up in the Roman Catholic Church. THi Indianapolis d'oiernat calls attention to the fact that Sunday is a busy day with the President. The Venezuela message was written on Sunday, the alleged popular loan announcement was prepared on Sunday, as was also the letter to Senator Caffery. But Sunday is the " Christian sabbath" just the same, enforced by the fourth commandment according to the legislative interpretation of the divine law; while according to the Supreme Court " we are a religious people," " a Chris-tian nation." We find no fault with Mr. Cleveland's use of Sunday, and call attention to these facts merely to illustrate the utter futility of paper professions of religion. The case would be no different if Sunday were really the Sabbath by divine, appointment. DR. TALMAGE says in theChristian Herald, of December 4: " We talk a great deal about putting God into the Constitution of the United States. Ah! it is- noC derin'the Constitution that we want; it is God in the hearts of the people." This is true, but not because Dr. Talmage says it. " God in the Constitution in any other sense than that in which he is now in it, as explained on page 26, would be only a false profession by a part of the people of something which in the very nature of the case could not be true. IT is rumored that the pope has offered to be arbitrator in the dispute between Venezuela and Great Britain. The Roman pontiff has on several occasions within recent years shown his readiness to add the office of general arbi-trator to the dignities pertaining to the papal chair. The " vicar of Christ " seems to have forgotten that the Saviour himself pointedly refused on one occasion to be arbitrator be-tween two disputing parties, saying, " Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you?" Luke 12: 14. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address,1 year " 25 and under 50 " 44 44 1  ,. " 50 and under 100 " 44 44 1 44 " 100 or more 44 " 44 1  44 To foreign countries in Postal Union, 1  " Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. - 750 - 60c - 55c - 50c - 55 