4 AMERICAN SENTINEL. annized over the earth ; and it is this which ought to dis-tinguish it, even to the end of time, from all those forms of worship which subsist.only by their incorporation with -the laws of empires." So spoke Mirabeau, January 25, 1791: and though not a believer in Christianity, "if the great truths which he had caught sight of and proclaimed," when those who professed to believe them had disgraced them, "could not save France, they remained graven for posterity in his incomparable language. The day when we shallknow how to comprehend and apply them, the faults of the first Revolution will be repaired." "Napoleon said;  in returning from Notre Dame after the ceremonies which had marked the conclusion of the Concordat: `Now the French Revolution is finished.' . . . Not only was the French Revolution not finished, 'but it was even arrested in the track on which it hadsei out from its first day, and was in a manner fixed in its most fatal error. What was Very decidedly finished was the regime of intolerance and persecution. Equality of worships, considered as a right, was gained forever; but with respect to true and sincere religious liberty, the Revolution was hardly commenced. "Apart from a short and stormy period, in which the separation of Church and State had been proclaimed and realized with surprising success in the most difficult cir-cumstances, the heavy hand of the civil power had not -ceased for a single day to weigh on the religious con-science : and as it is there that we must seek the inmost spring of liberty, despotism had taken the surest guar-antee against all moral independence. To persecution had succeeded imperious protection. The great corpora-tions Of the past had disappeared : there remained no longer any but individuals before the State; but individ-uals disarmed, to whom the right of association was strictly prohibited. Nothing was more easy for the civil power than to knead, at its pleasure, thiS fine dust; but this power was also soon to learn how frail are the edi-fices constructed with such materials. The true cement was wanting; for the cement is liberty, and before all, the first of liberties, that of souls. "No, the Revolution was not finished in 1801. Nor is it finished at this day. Neither liberty in general, nor religious liberty in particular, has received a sufficient sanction. . . . Let it be thoroughly understood : we shall not have the free State except with the free Church ŠI mean fully free, without pay and without fetters, without emoluments and without organic laws, with the regime of the common right sincerely accepted. Thus will be secured against the invasions of monarchical or demagogical despotism, the inviolable asylum of reli-gious libertyŠmother of all others; and universal suf-frage will be constrained to comprehend that for its tu-multuous waves, as for the billows of the ocean, there is a voice to say: Thus far and no farther. The idol of false popular sovereignty will be broken. "Such a reform will react on the whole political or- ganization; reproduce itself in all its degrees, and  will establish the true line of demarkation between the central civil_ power and individual liberty. Then the Church, under these normal conditions, living only by liberty, will find its first interest in serving and defending it. . . . The Divine idea can alone preserve liberty; but it is on the condition that liberty be not refused to the divine idea." These weighty and eloquent lines by Dr. De Presseng, though written twenty-eight years ago, and with special reference to France, are fully applicable to the condition of things in the United States to-day. Will the American people open their eyes to the evils that are being grad-ually fastened more and more upon them, and demand that the whole national system be set again upon the original basis where our fathers placed it in the final step which consummated the American Revolution? Which Will It Be ? Is this a Protestant Christian nation, or a Roman Catholic Christian nation? An important question is this, one which contains the elements of terrific commo-tion for the religious forces of the country. And this question is nowŁ  raised, and the issue joined, which must precipitate the contest for supremacy. President Cleve- land's "innocent" little Thanksgiving utterance of recent date, bearing the stamp of a national document, seems to have been all that was lacking to start the avalanche rolling. Note the following from the Presbyterian Mes- senger, quoted (in the Christian Statesman, of December 12:Š " The United States Supreme Court has recently de-clared judicially that this is a Christian nation; and now the executive falls in line. .And let us hold up not only the Christian flag, but the Protestant flag. Every his-torical, constitutional and legal fact and principle that makes thiS a Christian nation, makes it a Protestant na-tion. If it be inconsistent with the rights of Romanists to make this assertion, it is inconsistent with the rights of Jews and even of all irreligious men to make the official declarations that the President and the Governor have made. One of our political judges had the temerity to declare in the late Saratoga General Assembly that it is not true historically, or in any other way, that this is a Protestant nation. Made in such a place it was a trait-orous declaration. Politicians, who are looking for votes, may presume on the liberality of Protestants and cater for the papal ballots by such declaration ; but all Protes-tants, informed as to the true history of the nation, should repudiate them with indignation." So this is a Protestant Christian nation, is it ? Hold on, now; let us see what our Roman Catholic citizens have to say on that point. In the Catholic Mirror, of December 12, is found this from the pen of Cardinal Gib- bons:Š " The American nation is a Christian nation. This is manifest from its constitution, from its legislation, and from its observance of certain holidays, such as Thanks-giving and Christmas." Cardinal Gibbons speaks with authority for the Ro- 