THE A_IVIERICAN SENMINF: L. 227 The Edmunds University Sill. THE following is a true copy of the bill referred to in the foregoing article :- 51st CONGRESS, 1ST SESSION. S. 3822. IN THE SENATE. OF THE UNITED STATES. MAY 14, 1890. MR. EDMUNDS introduced the following bill, which was read twice, and referred to a select ,committee of nine. A BILL To establish the University of the United States. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States of America in Con-gress assembled: That there shall 'be, and hereby is, established a corporation in the city of Washington to be known as the University of the United States. SECTION 2. That the corporation shall consist of and be governed by a Board of Regents, composed of the President of the United States, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Sec-retary of War, the Attorney-General, the Secretary of the Navy; the Postmaster-General, the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Chief Justice of the United. States, and twelve citizens of the United States, no two of whom shall be residents of the same State, who shall be ap pointed by a concurrent resolution of the two houses of Congress. Any vacancy occurring in the office of any regent appointed by the two houses of Congress shall be filled by a concurrent resolution of the two houses. The twelve citizens so appointed regents shall as soon as may be, after their appointment, be divided by the Board of Regents into three classes, of four each. The members of the first class shall hold office for three years, the members of the second Łclass, so divided, shall hold office for six years, and the members of the third class, so divided, Shall hold office for nine years; and when a new appointment is needful for. the continuation of each of the classes, it shall be made for three years; and if a vacancy occur in any of the classes, it shall be filled by appointment for the remainder of the term only, in respect of which the vacancy exists. SEC. 3. That the said Board of Regents shall have a common seal and have perpetual succession, and be entitled to the rights and privileges of a public literary corporation. The University hereby estab-lished shall institute and carry on a course of educa-tion and research in all branches of learning and investigation that shall, in the opinion of the Board of Regents, from time to time, be most conducive to the advancement and to the increase and devel-opment of knowledge, and such as the usual course of education in the schools, colleges, and universi-ties in the United States does not furnish the best means and facilities for doing. To the ends aforemen- Ł tioned the said Board of Regents may establish ex-. ecutive offices, and appoint officers of said corpora-tion, and establish and support such professorships, fellowships, scholarships and courses of instruction, study and investigation, and research as shall to them seem meet; and to these ends they may, from time to time, make such rules, regulations, ordi-nances, and orders as to them shall seem meet, so that the same be consistent with the provisions of this act. SEC. 4. That the said Board of Regents shall hold their first meeting at Washington, in the District of Columbia, on such day as the. President of the United States shall designate, on notice be given by him of the time and place of such meeting. SEC. 5. That the said Board of Regents shall in  each year report to Congress a full and complete statement of its progress and operations, with an account of all moneys expended in the course of its operations. SEC. 6. That the said Board of Regents shall have, and are hereby granted, authority to obtain the nec-essary grounds and provide for the necessary build-ings and conveniences required for the purposes of this act, and to fix the compensation and allow-ance of all officers, professors, fellows, and scholars authorized by this act to be by them provided for, and to provide for all incidental expenses arising from the execution of this act; all of which ex-penses shall be reported to the proper accounting officers of the Treasury and passed upon according to the usual course of accounts for the public service, but no such expense shall exceed the allowance in gross provided for in this act. SEC. 7. That the sum of not exceeding five hun-dred thousand dollars is hereby appropriated, for the expenses of the procurement of the necessary grounds and the erection of the necessary buildings contemplated in this act. SEC. 8. That the sum of five million dollars of money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, is hereby permanently set apart in the Treasury of the United States as the principal of a perpetual fund, the necessary part of the income of which, and no more than such income, may be annually used for the purposes in this act mentioned. The said sum so set apart shall bear interest at the rate of four per cent. per annum, out of which four per cent. per annum all the expenses of said Uni-versity, except the expenses provided for in the special appropriation for the grounds and buildings herein before mentioned, shall be paid. SEC. 9. That the said Board of Regents may re-ceive gifts and donations in aid of any of the objects in this act mentioned, and in such case they shall invest or otherwise deal with the same accord-ing to the will of the donor in each case. SEC. 10. That no special sectarian belief or doc-trine shall be taught or promoted in said University, but this prohibition shall not be deemed to exclude the study and consideration of Christian theology. SEC. 11. That no person otherwise eligible accord-ing to the provisions of this act shall be excluded from the benefits thereof on account of race, color, citizenship, or religious belief. SEC. 12. That Congress shall have power at all times, according to its judgment for the public good, to amend or repeal this act, and it shall have the power by any committee of either house of Congress appointed for that purpose, to visit and inquire into, and report upon all the operations of the corporation established by this act. COMMITTEE. Edmunds. Harris. Sherman. Dolph. Ingalls. Butler. Blair. Gibson. Barbour. An Important Decision. JUDGE MCSHERRY, of Frederick, Mary-land, has filed an opinion declaring that " baseball playing on Sunday by men who are under contract for the season at stated salaries, no one being admitted to witness the games except those who pay, can be construed as nothing else than work, and therefore comes within the purview of the prohibitory statute." Under this view, Sunday-baseball prosecutions will become a precedent for arrest and prosecution for the simplest work on Sunday, and a rigid enforcement of the Sunday law will be gradually inaugurated. The Sunday Association of Maryland  has published its determination to break up Sunday ball playing in Maryland, and this opinion from Judge McSherry is one mesh in the net which they are weav-ing around the Sunday-baseball. players. Previous to the arrests upon which the above opinion was rendered, State At-torney Monroe wrote the sheriff of Anne Arundel County, as follows : " It is in your power alone to have this matter [Sunday ball] settled, by arresting the players as soon as they have finished one inning, and by repeating the arrests as often as they repeat the violations. You must take the responsibility of a failure to bring the question to a settlement as speedily as possible, and I think I have pointed out the only way in which it can be done." - The Source of Civil Power. THAT civil government is ordained of God is plainly taught in the Scriptures of truth ; but that this is so in the sense contended for ,by National Reformers, namely, that governments are endowed with extraordinary rights and powers, rights and powers which do not grow out of the very conditions under which gov-ernments exist, which do not primarily belong to the people, but which come di-directly and specially to the government from God, is sustained neither by the tes-timony of inspiration, nor by the nature of man and the conditions under which he exists. John Locke, the most profound moral philosopher of any age, shows plainly and incontrovertibly in his treatise on " Civil Government," that every power which justly belongs to the State belongs first of all to the individual, and comes to the State from the individual. "God," he says, " having made man such a creature, that, in his own judgment, it was not good for him to be alone, put him under strong obligations of necessity, conveni-ence, and inclination to drive him into society." And it may properly be ob-served that in doing this, God ordained civil government as well as every other relation that grows out of the conditions under which man exists. " The first society," says Mr. Locke, " was between man and wife, which gave beginning to that between parents and children; to which, in time, that between master and servant came to be added; and although all these might, and com-monly did meet together, and make up but one family, wherein the master or mistress of it had some sort of rule proper to a family; each of these, or all together, came short of political society. . . , Conjugal society is made by voluntary compact between man and woman. . It draws with it mutual support and assist-ance, and a communion of interests too. . . . But the husband and wife, though 