626 AMERICAN SEN TINEL, cently appeared, editorially, in the New York Sun, discussing "The Problem of the Volunteer and the Treasonable President":Š "A gentleman in Orange, N. J., who had probably found his post-office box defiled with seditious pam-phlets from Boston or Brookline, took the trouble last week to write Atkinson. He asked that melancholy per-son what he, Atkinson, would have done if he were a volunteer enlisted in the United States Army and his commanding officer had ordered him to attack the Filip-ino insurgents. "Atkinson promptly responded from Boston: 'I should have refused to fight in an unjustifiable slaughter of our allies.' "A correspondent of The Sun, at Baltimore, there-upon pointed out the circumstance that the volunteer swears upon enlistment not only `to serve the United States of America honestly and faithfully against all their enemies whomsoever,' but also to 'obey the orders of the President of the United States and the orders of the officers appointed over me, according to the Rules and Articles of War.' "The punishment prescribed by the Articles of War for the line of conduct which Atkinkson unblushingly de-clares he would adopt, in the case stated, is death. "Now another correspondent, apparently sympathiz-ing with Atkinson's views of the soldier's duty, asks us these questions: '"TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUNŠSir: Will you be fair enough to let me reply to the article about "The Volun-teer's Oath?" If that form is correct it should be changed, as the soldier swears allegiance to the Presi-dent and not to the Union. Again, even with the pres-ent oath, the signer is entitled to the supposition that the President must not, as McKinley has done, violate his oath to sustain the Constitution of the United States. " 'When the President is guilty of treason is the vol-unteer bound to follow him? "STANLEY G. LEONARD.' "The form of the soldier's oath is correct as it stands. It covers both allegiance to the United States and obedience to the President and to the officers ap-pointed by him to command the private. "As to the hypothetical case in which the President is guilty of treason, that is a, question which cannot arise in the volunteer's experience. Neither the Consti-tution nor any law of the United States constitutes Pri-vate Atkinson or Private Leonard a tribunal to decide whether the President is guilty of treason. "If Atkinson and Leonard, in the presence of an en-emy whom they were ordered to attack, should refuse on the ground that Atkinson and Leonard were con-vinced, after mature reflection, that the commander-in-chief whom they had sworn to obey, had himself vio-lated his oath of office, thus relieving them of the obliga-tion to obey, they would be promptly court-martialed and shot, with the hearty approval of all right-minded soldiers and civilians. "On second thought, they might not be shot. The reviewing authority might look them over and decide to consign them to a lunatic asylum." Thus, no matter what the individual's own convic-tions of right may be, he must act as another man may  dictate; and if he refuses to do what he believes to be wrong, when commanded, he will be "promptly court-martialed and shot;" and this should have "the hearty approval of all right-minded soldiers and civilians.' Where does God come in under this arrangement? Plainly, God is left out of the matter entirely; and what must be said, from a Christian point of view, of an undertaking in which God is left out? To what must it lead the nation and the individual involved in it? And plainly, from the Christian standpoint no indi-vidual is ever justified in entering into such a God-deny-ing and God-defying compact; he is never justified in substituting any human authority for the authority of conscience, which is the voice of God; he is never justi-fied in divesting himself of the individuality which con-stitutes him a free moral agent. From the Christian standpoint and from that of an American citizen, war, militarism, and the war spirit, are things to be shunned and protested against, always and everywhere. In the direction of militarism is the road that leads surely back to the despotism from which,  our fathers fled across the Atlantic to an unknown world. The road to military greatness is one upon which a nation early bids farewell to civil and religious freedom. The Messages, the Messengers, and the People. FROM 1120 B. C. to 800 B. C. a mighty empire was built up by the kings of Assyria. Many nations were overrun, plundered, and laid under tribute. Thus vast sums of treasure were brought into the coffers of the kings of Assyria and into the hands of the Assyrians, especially in the capital city of Nineveh. This long-continued flow of wealth carried in its train corresponding luxury. With luxury came love of ease. With luxury and love of ease inevitably came vice. And at last their wickedness became so great that it reached to heaven and deserved vengeance. The Lord sent Jonah to warn them of the coming destruction. "And Jonah begun to enter the city a day's journey, and he cried, and said, Yet forty days, and Nineveh shall be overthrown." And in that proud cityŠthe leading city of the world Šwicked as it was, and though the word came to the king upon the throne, Jonah was not accused of disturb-ing the peace; he was not put in the lock-up; he was not taken to the station-house; he was not accused of incit-ing insurrection; he was not charged with being an en-emy of the country. Instead of any such thing as that, "the people of Nineveh believed God, and proclaimed a fast, and put on sackcloth, from the greatest of them unto the least of them. For word came unto the king of Nineveh, and he arose from his throne, and hejaid his robe from him, and covered him with sackcloth, and sat in ashes. And. - 1. 