JANUARY 23, 1896. AIVIEMECT CA. IN- 27 " JEWISH " AND CHRISTIAN. THE Cincinnati Weekly Enquirer, of Jan-uary 2, quotes the Rev. Mr. Dabb, a Protest-ant clergyman of New York City, as affirming in a recent discourse that the Sabbath insti-tution is not Christian, but only a part of the ancient " Mosaic code," with which it passed away at the death of Christ. " The Jewish law,"he said, " was given to the Jewish people an never to any other people. It was bind-ing upon them, but never on Christians, or any other race." The assertion would not be worth noticing did it not express an idea quite generally en-tertained by professors of Christianity. There is nothing which casts more confusion over the Sabbath question than this. Were it not for the idea that the Sabbath originated as a " Jewish" institution, and that what was Jewish is necessarily separate and distinct from what is Christian, the Sabbath ques-tion would not be to-day the difficult and perplexing one that it is to the people gen-erally. We desire, then, to call the attention of as many as possible to two important facts, im-plied in the foregoing statements; viz., (1) The SabbathŠthe seventh-day restŠis not and never was " Jewish," and (2) Whatever was given by God to his people of old, per-tained to'Christianity as truly as do any of the ordinances enjoined upon the Church by Christ and, his apostles. The idea has in some way taken possession of the mind of Christendom that there is an antagonism between the " old dispensation " of "the law and the prophets," and the " new dispensation" of the preaching of Christ and his kingdom; that the "new dispensation " with its ordinances and pre-cepts, necessarily superseded and abrogated that which pertained to the former times. This idea is as far from the truth as anything could be. God did not have one plan and purpose for the world in Old Testament times and another plan and purpose for the world in this dispen-sation. He has had but one purpose, and that is the " eternal purpose which he pur-posed in Christ Jesus our Lord; " namely, " that in the dispensation of the fullness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, and which are in earth." This one great purpose he has steadily carried forward since the fall of man. Salvation through Christ was the theme of " the law and the prophets." The Old Testament is as truly the word of Christ as is the New Testament; for Peter tells us that it was the Spirit of Christ that testified through the prophets."' "Unto us," writes Paul, "was the gospel preached as well as unto them; "4  that is, to the an-cient Israelites who went out from Egypt with Moses. The gospel, we are told by the same writer, " is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." bAnd in the eleventh chapter of Hebrews we are pointed to the an-cient worthies who through faith, " subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions, quenched the violence of fire," etc. People in their day had faith in Christ, as truly as people have faith in him to-day. The power of God unto salvation, through that faith,Šin; other words, the gospel,Šwas preached to them as truly as it is to us. The gospel ordi-nances and ceremonies of their day, very Eph. 3: 11. 2  Eph, 1: 9, 10. s 1 Peter 1: 10, 11 Heb. 4: 2. 6  Rom. 1: 10. largely, pointed forward to Christ, and as such necessarily passed away when Christ's death upon the cross became an accomplished fact. Since that time the Christian Church has had ordinances and ceremonies pointing back to that event. But whether before or after Christ's death, they pointed to him as the sac-rifice for the salvation of mankind, and as such were the means of expressing faith in him. The seventh-day Sabbath is never in the Scriptures called " Jewish," but is termed " the Sabbath of the Lord." And it is to-day, as it was then, the Sabbath of Jehovah, Šthe memorial of his creative power, which is also the power by which he redeems the sinner. Abraham is called in Scripture the father of the faithful. " To Abraham and his seed were the promises made." And we read, " If ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise." Abraham was as truly a Christian as was Peter or Paul. And all those in every age who have believed on Christ for salvation, have been Christians in fact, whether known by that name or not. Because the law of God was spoken to the Israelites from Sinai, it does not follow that that law was not for Christians. For, as we have seen, a very large number of those to whom it was spoken were Christians. As Christians, they observed God's Sabbath,Šthe seventh day; and that day was, and still is, the Sabbath for all Christians. Jesus Christ himself was a Jew, and his apostles were Jews. And we also, if we are Christ's, are Abraham's seed, and therefore Jews in the true spiritual sense of the word; " for," we read, " he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that circumcision, which is outward in the flesh; but he is a Jew, which is one inwardly; and circumcision is that of the heart, in the spirit, and not in the letter; whose praise is not of man, but of God." To say, therefore, that the law of God spoken from Sinai " was given to the Jewish people and never to any other people," and was never binding " on Christians," simply betrays a fundamental misconception of the purpose and scope of the gospel. If Christen-dom would shake off this misconception, the whole question of the nature and obligation of the Sabbath, the foundation upon which it rests, and the proper means for securing its observance, would be wonderfully simplified. Seen in the light of the plain statements of Holy Writ, we find no difficulty in knowing what is our own proper attidude toward the Sabbath, and what course we should pursue toward others with respect to its observance. But without that light, men can but fall deeper and deeper into error, both of belief and practice. THE REAL OBJECT OF SUNDAY LEGISLATION. BY W. S. CHAPMAN. WHENEVER religions legislation referringto Sunday is a subject of argument, the friends of such "laws" almost invariably as-sert that the tenor of them is purely "civil," and their character restrictive only as " police regulations." Judge Arnold, judge of the Quarter Sessions Court No. 1, of Philadelphia, a short time since had before him for trial, several prison-ers, alleged proprietors of " speak-easys," Gal. 3: 16. 7  Gal. 3: 29. A Ram. 2: 28, 29. who were arrested on Sunday. The judge discharged them all on the ground that " ar-rests on Sunday on charges of misdemeanor," simply, " were illegal." Only "for treason, felony or breach of the peace," can individ-uals be taken on a warrant upon Sunday. Judge Arnold was governed by the Colonial law of 1705, which distinctly states that no service of any writ or warrant charging a misdemeanor shall be made on the first day of the week. To a reporter the judge said: "The idea of the makers of the 'law' was that Sunday was a sanctified day, and that even though a warrant for misdemeanor had been sworn out against a person during the week, if it had not been served before that day he should be free to worship and rest on the Lord's day." While the statements of Judge Arnold were not intended as a decision, Director of Public Safety, Butler, after perusing the act of 1705, remarked that everything the judge had stated was true. And these statements are a fair presentment of the actual truth in reference to the position Sunday, in law, sustains to the other days of the week. In the minds of legislators it is a " sanctified " day, and Sun-day legislation has but one aimŠlet their utterances be what they mayŠto uphold the supposed sanctity of the day. It is strange that some, who are so zealous for the maintenance of the " rest" of that day, could be abettors and instigators of ar-rests on Sunday, as are members of the "Law and Order" societies, generally, who thus become breakers of the very "law " (in its intent) for the enforcement of which they clamor. -Ł Ł  CHURCH FEDERATION. AnnoPos to our article of a week ago upon this subject is a paper by R. M. Patterson, D. D., in the _Independent of the 9th inst., under the heading, "Figures for Federation." Referring to statistics which appeared in the Independent of the 2nd inst., Dr. Patter-son says: "What a numerical array these tables make for the churches: 127,906 min-isters, 179, 311 congregations, 24, 218, 180 communicants in the United States of Amer-ica! But what a lamentable exhibition in the number of organization into which they are divided-151 in all! "Of- those which claim to be evangelical and are admitted by each other to be so, there are not less than 110,000 ministers, 160,000 congregations, and 16,000,000 com-municants." After noting the Let that these denomi-nations have not, with but slight exception, any intercourse with each other, Dr. Patterson gives the following proposed basis of feder-ation:- 1. The acceptance of the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments, inspired by the Holy Spirit as con-taining all things necessary to salvation, and as being the rule and ultimate standard of Christian faith. 2. Discipleship of Jesus Christ, the divine Saviour and Teacher of the world. 3. The Church of Christ ordained by him to preach his gospel to the world. 4. Liberty of conscience in the interpretation of the Scriptures and in the administration of the Church. Such an alliance of the churches should have regu-lar meetings of their representatives, and should have for its objects, among others, 1. Mutual acquaintance and fellowship. 2. Cofiperation in foreign and domestic missions. 3. The prevention of rivalries between competing churches in the same field. 4. The ultimate organic union of the whole visible body of Christ. Whether federation upon such a basis will ever be realized or not remains to be seen. Certainly there is a very strong current run- 