SEPTEMBER 13, 1894. A_I011F,' C.A. TK SIE;NrrxiNloir—., 283 the glory of God." Rom. 4 : 25; 5 : 1, 2. " In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins." Col. 1:16. "To the Lord our God be-longeth mercies and forgivenesses." Dan. 9 : 9. "Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help. His breath goeth forth, he returneth to his earth; in that very day his thoughts perish. Happy is he that bath the God of Jacob for his help, whose hope is in the Lord his God." Ps. 146: 3, 4. " SWEET Jesus, I thank thee for all the graces which in thy infinite goodness thou 'last lavished upon St. Anne; for having chosen her among all women to be thy grandparent on earth and exalted her in heaven with so great a power of working miracles. In the name of her great merit I humbly recommend myself to the in-finite mercy of thy divine heart." Pp. 365, 366. " Be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye cruci-fied, whom God raised from the dead, even by him doth this man stand here before you whole." " Neither is there salvation in any other : for there is none other name under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved." Acts 4 :10, 12. " THE sacred Scriptures speak very little of many holy personages whose destiny was bound up with the work of our re-demption. A single page would contain all that is directly related therein of the Blessed Virgin, and scarcely is St. Joseph mentioned at all, while the life, the virtues and even the name of St. Anne are left in complete oblivion. The ever blessed and beloved name of St. Anne has been trans-mitted to us only by tradition and by the gratitude of Christian nations." P. 71. " From a child thou hast known the Holy Scriptures, which are able to make thee Ł wise unto salvation through faith, which is in Christ Jesus. All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteous-ness, that the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works." 2 Tim. 3 :15, 16, 17. " Why do ye also transgress the commandments of God by your tradition ?" " Thus have ye made the commandments of God of none effect by your tradition." "But in vain, do ye worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men." Matt. 15: 2, 6, 9. Ł -4-*- Papists Still Arming. NOTWITHSTANDING the fact that papers in sympathy with Romish supremacy in this country are continually denying the Statement that Roman Catholics are or-ganizing military companies all over the land and arming them, yet the organiza-tion of the companies continues and the military force at the command of the Roman hierarchy continues to increase in all the cities in this land. In this city nine companies have already been organized and the daily papers state that before long it is expected that six more will be organ-ized. These fifteen companies are to com-pose a regiment to be known as the " First Regiment of Dismounted Artillery of the League of the Cross." These companies will be under regular military drill. They will carry the na-tional colors and in addition have a regi- mental flag, consisting of a white cross in the center, with a blue back-ground. Their colors will indicate that they are American citizens who owe their military allegiance to Rome. " Father " Montgom-ery is the leading spirit in having these military companies organized in this city, and the purpose of the organization he doubtless understands better than those on the outside. It , will be observed that the name of this organization is " The League of the Cross." This shows that its primary object is to defend Romanism. If any think that the pictures heretofore drawn of the work of Romanism have been overdrawn, we ask them what means all this battle array ? It should be remem-bered also that what is being done in San Francisco is only a sample of what is done in other cities. ŠSan Francisco Harlingen - Religious Persecution. IF any man imagines that the days of religious persecution are passed, he should at once disabuse himself of any such fool-ish idea. It is true men are not now for conscience' sake put upon the rack or burned at the stake, but they are often in different parts of the country, North and South, subjected to social ostracism, to obloquy and abuse in several of the States, notably in Arkansas, Tennessee, Georgia and Maryland people of the sect known as " Adventists," have been fined arid im-prisoned for working on Sunday when they had already "kept" Saturday or the Sabbath. That these have been cases of purely religious persecution is shown by the fact that other men who worked on Sunday were not molested. We have no language adequately to express our contempt and detestation of such work. This is the boasted land of religious liberty, and no man's religion, or want of religion, should cut any figure whatever as regards his standing socially, politically, legally, or in a business way. ŠSilver Creek ( Neb. ) Times. Papal Infallibility. ( Concluded.) [This matter first appeared in an anonymous pam-phlet published and circulated in Italy immediately fol-lowing the Vatican council of 1870, which proclaimed the dogma of papal infallibility. The pamphlet pur-ported to be a speech delivered in the council "by a bishop," against the dogma. However it is not published on the strength of its having been delivered "by a bishop," for this is denied, but it is reprinted solely on its own merits.] MONSIGNOR DUPANLOITP, in his cele-brated Observations on this council of the Vatican, has said, and with reason, that if we declare Pius IX. infallible, we must necessarily, and from natural logic, be obliged to hold that all his predecessors were also infallible. Well, then, vener-able brethren, here history raises its voice with authority to assure us that some popes have erred. You may protest against it, or deny it, as you please, but I will prove it. Pope Victor (192) first approved of Montanism, and then condemned it. Mar-cellinus (296-303) was an idolator. He en-tered into the temple of Vesta, and offered incense to the goddess. You will say that it was an act of weakness; but I answer, a vicar of Jesus Christ dies, but does not become an apostate. Liberius (358) con-sented to the condemnation of Athana-sius, and made a, profession of Arianism,  that he might be recalled from his exile and reinstated in his see. Honorius (625) adhered to Monothelitism; Father Gratry has proved it to demonstration. Gregory I. (570-90) calls any one antichrist who takes the name of universal bishop, and contrariwise Boniface III. (607-8) made the parricide Emperor Phocas confer that title upon him. Pascal II. (1088-99) and Eugenius III. (1145-55) authorized duel-ling; Julius II. (1509) and Pius IV. (1560) forbade it. Eugenius IV. (1431-59) ap-proved of the council of Basle and the restitution of the chalice of the church of Bohemia. Pius II. (1456) revoked the concession. Hadrian H. (867-872) de-clared civil marriages to be valid; Pius VII. (1800-23) condemned them. Sixtus V. (1585-90) published an edition of the Bible, and by a bull recommended it to be read. Pius VII. condemned the reading of it. Clement XIV. (1700-21) abolished the order of the Jesuits, permitted by Paul III. and Pius VII. re-established it. But why look for such remote proofs ? Has not our holy father, here present, in his bull which gave the rules for this council, in the event of his dying while it was sitting, revoked all that in past times may be contrary to it, even when that proceeds from the decisions of his predecessors ? And certainly if Pius IX. has spoken ex cathedra, it is not when, from the depths of his sepulchre, he imposes his will on the sovereigns of the church. I should never finish, my venerable brethren, if I were to put before your eyes the contradictions of the popes in their teachings. If, then, you proclaim the in-fallibility of the actual pope, you must either prove that which is impossible, that the popes never contradicted each other, or else you must declare that the Holy Spirit has revealed to you that the infalli-bility of the papacy only dates from 1870. Are you bold enough to do that ? Per-haps the people may be indifferent, and pass by theological questions which they do not understand, and of which they do not see the importance; but, though they may be indifferent to principles, they are not so to facts. Now do not deceive your-selves, if you decree the dogma of papal infallibility, the Protestants, our adver-saries, will mount in the breach the more bold that they have history on their side; whilst we have only our own denial against them. What can we say to them when they show up all the bishops of Rome, from the days of Luke to his holiness, Pius IX.? Ah! if they had all been like Pius IX., we should triumph on the line, but alas! it is not so. (Cries of " Silence, silence; enough, enough ! ") Do not cry out, monsignori. To fear history is to own yourself conquered; and, more-over, if you made the whole waters of the Tiber pass over it, you would not conceal a single page. Let me speak and I will be as short as it is possible on this most important subject. Pope Virgilius (538) purchased the pa-pacy from Bolisarius, lieutenant of the Emperor Justinian. It is true that he broke his promise and never paid for it. Is this a canonical mode of binding on the tiara ? The second council of Chalcedon had formally condemned it. In one of its canons you read " that the bishop who obtains his episcopate by money shall lose it and be degraded." Pope Eugenius III. (IV. in original) (1145) imitated Virgilius. St. Bernard, the bright star of his age, reproves the pope, saying to him, " Can you show me in this great city of Rome 