MAY 24, 1894. A.MIEFEICA.N SlIN9rIMEL. 167 interpretation of them, which have been had. The effect of this phrase, in connec-tion with the preceding word " secular," is conclusive. 3. The exemption clause contains the language, " Who conscientiously believe in and observe any other day." What has a purely civil statute to do with the conscience of man, as regards his conscien-tious belief in, and observance of, a day of rest ? The moment the domain of con-science is touched, as such, from that instant the measure is no longer civil. And if, as this exemption shows, there be a class to whose conscience this bill would work a hardship, and to whose religious convictions it would stand opposed, then, per contra, there is another class the con-sciences of whom the measure is intended to favor. It is, therefore, not only legis-lation on matters of conscience, but class legislation as well. More than this : What does an exemp-tion clause presuppose ? Is it not a civil or legal incapacity to meet the require-ments of the law ? If the incapacity arise within the domain of conscience, it is with-out the civil sphere, and the necessary conclusion is that the legislation is outside the jurisdiction of human law. These three points might be elaborated further, but this statement of them is suf-ficient to show that the bill bears within itself conlusive evidence of its religious character; and, if religious, it is not within the purview of congressional legislation, as contemplated by the Constitution. In measures, as in men, there is an an-cestral spirit by which we may know them. What is the heredity of this bill ?ŠIts progenitor in the Senate is the Blair Sun-day-Rest bill, which, on its first introduc-tion in the Senate of the Fiftieth Congress, was plainly entitled, " A bill to secure to the people the enjoyment of the first day of the week, commonly known as the Lord's day, as a day of rest, and to promote its observance as a day of reli-gious worship;" and in the Fifty-first Congress it is called, " A bill to secure to the people the privileges of rest and of religious worship, free from disturbance by others, on the first day of the week." The body of the two bills is the same, except that the incongruous nomenclature in the first has been harmonized in the second, and " first day," " Lord's day," and "Sabbath," made to read, "first day" and " Sunday." Although in the last section of the former bill the expression "religious observance of the Sabbath day" is omitted, in the second, a neutrality clause, for it is nothing else, is inserted, which declares that " this act shall not be construed to prohibit or sanction labor on Sunday, by individuals who conscien-tiously believe in and keep any other day as the Sabbath," etc. It is the same bill resurrected, and attempts the mingling of incongruous elements which cannot be assimilated,Šthe Sabbath which is divine, and the Sunday which is human; Sabbath of the moral law, Sunday of the civil law; Sabbath of the Lord thy God, Sunday a religious day by the enactment of Con-stantine, and a dies non, in the statutory nomenclature of the civil law. The very next branZh of this family tree is entitled, " An act to punish blasphem-ers, swearers, drunkards, and Sabbath-breakers," which is openly a religious law. See " Laws of the District of Columbia, 1868," pp. 136-7-8. The family likeness of these three measures, the old Maryland law adopted into the statutes of the Dis- trict, the Blair Sunday-Rest bill, and the Breckinridge local Sunday bill, is unmis-takable, and, if the original from which the latter two are derived is a religious law, the two descendants certainly must be. But in the bill before this committee there has been an attempt to separate the civil from the religious, and the claim is made that this measure is consistently for a "civil Sunday." In making good this claim, what is it necessary to show ?ŠIt is necessary to show that the legislative and public mind has been entirely divested of the popular idea that Sunday is a day to which a due religious observance is to be paid. Both those who make the law, and those who are subject to it, must be shown to have placed themselves exactly in the mental position of the civilian whose mind has never harbored the thought of the sacredness of one day above another. Then no other legislative restrictions would be attempted to be placed upon Sunday than could be enacted for Monday, or Tuesday, or any succeeding day of the week. But read this bill, 3854, and insert for the word Sunday the name of a dif-ferent day of the week, and consider how quickly the sense of the people would reject it. Its propriety as a civil measure would be instantly denied. What should give it a different complexion when it con-tains the word " Sunday ?" What is the magic "presto change" in that name ?ŠIt is the religious association; the fact that the consciences of many men for many generations have been trained to reverence Sunday as the holy day of God. Sunday was first a holiday, dedicated as such to the sun and its worship. So that in its inception it was a day the observ-ance of which was based upon a religious idea; in the accommodation of the forms and observances of the pagan and Chris-tian churches, which, for the sake of tem-poral power and success, was brought about in the reign of Constantine, the Church found it politic, from the point of view which then prevailed, to adopt the pagan holiday, and did so, consecrating it anew, with all the sacredness of the reli-gious forms and beliefs of the Church, transferring to it the awful sanctity involved in the commandment of God, " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy," and adding to that all the holy sentiment which can be invoked for a day commemorative of the resurrection of our Saviour. Thus cumulatively religious is the his-tory of this day. The religious idea has never been separated from it. No enforce-ment of its observance, distinctively from other days, can be divorced from that inbred religious idea, any more than the physical and moral characteristics of the father and mother can be eliminated from the child. This child of the Church and a religious holiday (" the venerable day of the sun " ) is, by birth, by inheritance, and by unbroken habit throughout its existence, a religious dayŠnothing else. Congressmen, aro here to crystallize into law the highest expression of the will of the people. The expression of the civilian will must result in civil law. You are here to make civil law then, are you not, not moral law ? Why can you not make moral law for the people ?ŠBecause you cannot exceed the powers which the people had to give you, who constituted you leg-islators. And as they had no power to make a rule of moral action one for the other, or for themselves, therefore they  had no authority to delegate such power to you. If, then, you cannot, in your own minds, and in the minds of the people, both in theory and in fact, divorce completelyŠas utterly as though it had never existedŠthe religious idea from the concept Sun-day, you have no right to legislate upon the use of that day as distinguished from any other day. Those who are asking for the passage of this bill are urging the members to com-mit themselves to an unconstitutional act. Sunday in Scranton, Pa. SCRANTON, Pa., is agitated over the enforcement of the Sunday law of 1794 in that city. Acbording to the Scranton Tribune, "a score or more of agents in the employ of the Pastor's Union, which is conducting the Sunday closing move-ment, were quietly circulating about the city," on Sunday, May 6. As stated by the Tribune, beer and similar drinks could be procured by those who knew how to get them, but "to the credit of the execu- tive committee of the Pastor's Union, nearly all of the corner penny stands were closed, as well as a number of bakeries and candy stores." Sunday evening Rev. F. Dony, district secretary of the Ameri-can Sabbath Union and president of the executive committee of the Pastor's Union of Scranton, said to a Tribune reporter: " We are perfectly satisfied with the way our work is progressing. I know that many places are open, but they will close because they must close." Monday, May 7, the ministers held a meeting in the interests of the Sunday- closing movement which was addressed by one, Colonel Boise, who said :Š This local movement depends in a great measure upon prevailing popular sentiment which must eman-ate from the pastors. A former similar movement in this city was successful because it awakened the co-operation of the entire Christian community. In the same way only will this movement be successful. While I defend the Sabbath as a sacred day that should be exempt from worldly business, I do not be-lieve in a Sabbath of needless exactions. If we let the enemies of Sunday go on unhindered, Christianity will tremble. There is just as much ne-cessity to enforce Sabbath observance as any other divine command. The address closed with a round of applause. The executive committee submitted a report, one paragraph of which is as fol-lows :Š One arrest has been made of a person who defied the law and challenged its enforcement. Arrange-ments have been made for a considerable number of like cases to be proceeded against for yesterday's dis-regard of the law if in the judgment of the Pastors' Union it is advisable to continue the work. " It was advisable," " in the judgment of the Pastors' Union," " to continue the work," and so the Tribune, of May 9, tells of the infliction of a fine of four dollars on one Mr. McGarrah, .a druggist, who sold soda water, and closes with this re-mark :Š Fully a dozen prominent druggists and cigar dealers will be brought before Alderman Post this afternoon, and the chances are that each will receive the usual fine of $4 and costs. These druggists were so brought before the alderman, and each was fined four dollars and costs. On the 12th, which was the seventh day of the week, and ac-cording to the Scriptures the Sabbath of the Lord, still other fines were imposed in the interest of Sunday sacredness and to awe people into a more strict observance of the papal Sunday, the rival of the divinely appointed rest day, the memorial of crea-tion, and consequently, of God's power to redeem. C. P. B. 