300 VOL. 10, No. 38. permitted to teach and practice contrary to the statute-intrenched religion of the Caroline Islands ? The fact is, however, that neither Method-ists nor, any other denomination obey the civil statutes which are, contrary to their religious faith and practice. Methodists are right in insisting upon their right to return to. the Caroline Islands, but they are wrong in in-sisting that Adventists ought to obey Sunday laws until they are repealed. The enforce-ment of Sunday laws in this country is exactly the same in principle as the enforcement of the laws of the Caroline Islands against , the teaching and practice 'of the Methodists. It is just as legitimate and just as much the province of government to require Methodists to` take off :their 'hats to: the host (a, piece of :bread), as' it is borne through the streets, as 'it is to require all men to render homage to the Sunday institution by refraining from work upon that day. SIGNIFICANT WE have often remarked' that the demand for the Sunday-closing 'of saloons was less in :the interests of temperance.than of Sunday :Sacredness. The following from the Septem-ber 19 issue of the Examiner (Baptist), of this city, shows clearly that this is so:Š Do the liquor-dealers and their friends fully under-stand what they are doing in their efforts to keep saloon doors open on the Lord's-day? Do they not see that they are forcing the issueŠa Clean sabbath or en-tire prohibition ? There are thousands of men who do not profess to be prohibitionists, but who, when that issue is made, will take their stand. If it is the sab-bath or the saloon, they will demand the suppression of the saloon. It may be that God is allowing the liquor traffic to trample on the sabbath day that the Christian heart may be fired with holy indignation against a trade that is willing to sacrifice everything sacred for its own benefit. Open doors on the Lord's day will do more to consolidate Christian sentiment against the saloon, unify the decent elements of soci-ety, and array everything that is good against the dram-shop, than anything else. The cupidity and madness of the liquor traffic are forcing the issueŠa clean sabbath or entire prohibition. Open doors on Sunday will help to bring over to us thousands of men who are now halting. This is, in effect, saying to the liquor deal-ers, " Close your saloons on Sunday, or else we will clOse them on all days." In other words it is saying, " We have power to prohibit the liquor traffic on all days, but, we will not do it if the saloons will assist in 'giving us a clean sabbath.' " We expect to see the saloons accept the compromise. Ł -411.Ł  HE WROTE THE SUNDAY MAIL REPORTS. THE Mail and Express recently printed the following concerning Hon. Richard M. Johnson :Š He Killed Chief Tecumseh. The Senate Chamber in Washington is about to be decorated with the bust of one of the most able and popular men who have presided over that body, Rich-ard M. Johnson, of Kentucky, who was vice-president of the United States, during the presidency of Martin Van Buren. Richard M. Johnson was one of those early states-men who fought their way to popularity in the forests of the New World. Like Jackson, Harrison, Sam Houston, Davy Crockett and others who were familiar figures in public life during that era. Colonel Johnson had smelt gunpowder on the frontier, and knew well the ring of the savages' war whoops. Johnson's most famous exploit was during the war of 1812. As Garfield did, many years later, the bold Kentuckian resigned a seat in Congress in order to take the field. He was in command of a regiment under William Henry Harrison, and in the battle of the Thames, Oct. 5, 1813, it is believed that Johnson slew with his own hand the famous and hitherto un-conquered chief, Tecumseh. In this battle the British and the Indians were com-bined. The English forces were posted between the river and the marsh, while the Indians were on a high ground in the swampy land. Colonel Johnson Ordered his men forward, and the English let them get within a few yards before the ,command to fire was given. A desperate battle, took place, the Americans' being victorious. Tecuinseh was found on the field dead, and it was assertedthat -Johnson was the one who shot him, as he'  as killed 13.37' a man horSeba*, and,  Johnson was the only one mounted, his command being infantry, it,  was also known that Johnson, had been engaged in a hand-to-hand fight with one of the most desperate of the chiefs, who answered to the de-scription of Tecumseh. Johnson himself was 'badly wounded. When Colonel Johnson returned:to Congress he was still too sick to walk, and was received ,with a tri-umphal processibn, and a joint resolution of thanks was paSsed by both 'houses of Congress.  The Mail and Express has failed to mention the service which most of all endeared Mr. Johnson to the hearts, of the people of his generation, namely, the writing of the Sunday mail reports of January,, 19, 1829, and March 4 and 5, 1830. Of all Mr. Johnson's public services, the writing of these reports was sin-gled out by his fellow-citizens in Kentucky for mention upon the tombstone.which they erected in his memory. VERY TRUE I [The Examiner (Baptist).] GREAT zeal in religious matters does not always indicate religious principles or religious motives. Demetrius was very zealous for the worship of " Diana of the Ephesians." He was very clearly influenced by the business profit resulting from the making of " silver shrines of the goddess." His appeal to the workmen was, " By this means we have our wealth." " There is danger that this our trade come into disrepute." He cunningly appealed also to the feelings of the populace who did care for the worship of Diana, and admired her " magnificence. ' He was an astute manager in this matter, and as unprin-cipled as have been many.other managers since his day, where money making is concerned. Many a bad business is advocated for the same reasons which influenced Demetrius. It is not unusual for men in many occupations to consider alone the profit of them. Liquor men are not pursuing their business from benevolent, or moral, or philanthropic mo-tives. It is solely for the money which is' in it, even though the money be stained with tears and blood, that they follow the business. The interests of architects and builders in the erection of temples of worship, is not a guar-antee of their devotion or piety. Real estate men have been known to offer liberally for churches because of their influence in pro-moting the value or ready sale of lands. Noah's carpenters possibly were interested in the ark, but perished in the flood in spite of ark and interest. WORSHIPED THE IMAGE. BY W. S. CHAPMAN. Ix ancient times King Nebuchadnezzar, of Babylon, erected a golden image in the plains of Dura, and issued the following command to the people:- 0 people, nations and languages, That at what time ye hear the sound 'of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, dulcimer, and all kinds of music, ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchad-ne$zar the king bath set up. Dan. 8: 4, 5. In the exercises, Children's Day," at Cheswold, Md., in the Methodist Episcopal churches of that place, occurred a most re- markable and startling reproduction of the  enforced worship of an image, which we find recorded by Daniel the prophet. In these churches the pulpits were removed out of the way, and in place of a pulpit a representation of a golden gate arrangedŠtypifying the en- trance to the-city of God `in heaven, Beside the 'gate Stood a female '(Virgin Mary) haVing a key whia. unlocked the-gate '(key of-Peter). ''From amOng the audience young githi were selected '-to personate 'the-  Christian graees. These, in turn, 'approached the /gate, each being met at'its entrance bY the `female guard (Mary), who presented the key by alOne entrance through the gate could be obtained. The pastor of the bhurdli 'Cat high priesty perintended the Whole performance, iguing directions and offering explanations., 'As .each of the'young women went forward an' re- ceivede  the key, strains of music issued 'from the organ, and' the command came freih" the pastorŠ" At the sound of music let:  everyone in the audience bow down before the:Imge of the ' Heavenly Gate,' " and -all the audience did So bow down. Of the organization from which such exhi-bitions eminate, and ' are promulgated, and which is striving for unity-  of action between Catholics and Protestants, Rev. W. H. McMil- lan;  in his speech at the convention in.  Boston, said, speaking of the Catholic views of the body he represented :Š They suggested that the spirit of love and brother-hood was in harmony with that through which Pope Leo hoped to operate in bringing about the Christian unity for which his recent encyclical letter prays. There was but one hopeful thing connected with these exhibitions, and that was that af-terwards, upon reflection, many of the mere sober-minded realized the enormity of, the of-fense which had been committed. THE DIVINE RIGHT OF COURTS. .[San Francisco Examiner, July 281 ' THE criticisms that 'have been Made on the decision' of Jiidge Ross that overthrew the Irrigation Act have -brought to 'the front the Same dear  Old defenders of, the courts,' 'who protest against the'dissent as a piece'of sacri-lege against the divine institution of the bench. A suggestion that a judge's decision is against public policy,' a, danger to the 'coni,  monwealth,' a reversal of settled prinCiples of, law, or in'opposition to the' intention's of the law-making body, can be depended on to bring out the solemn asses' who' ground their 'faith on the infallibility 'of 6burts, 'and insist that a judgmentfrom the bench should' be taken as the final settlement of any question. It would bennfortnnate for the public rights if the press took this view of the matter. No question of piiblic policy is settled" in this country until it is settled Ł NO declara- tion of a court that " this is the laW " Can be regarded as final unless it is a law' for the ben:' efit of the public. Courts ,are not 'Omnipotent or infallible. They have not succeeded to 'the-divine Aglits that went down with:the Stuarts, and the Bourbons. The' courts area, part of - the machinery of government established' to secure certain public purposes. When theY. fail in serving these purposes; when 'they lay. down principles that place the people in the', power of 'corporations or confer,  upOn wealth privileges that do not belong to it, or deny to, government the poWeridemanded :for the lie wellare;it is not the public, but the courts, that must yield.  The final appeal is not to. the Supreme Cmirt. The last' word has'not been :saidwhen., four justices 'in Cali'fo'rnia or five '001ethoti on the supreme bench at Wa§hingtOn' haire given their opinion. ' Their opinienslire" entV 