AMERICAN SENTINEL. 235 resists to the utmost any effort to secure State inspec-tion of the nunneries and similar institutions under her control. The very fact that such opposition is exerted against any measure that might placethese institutions on trial before the public, is proof that practises are conducted within them which will not bear the light of publicity. State inspection means a curtailment upon arbitrary power, which is arbitrary because it feels itself answerable to nobody. "Power belongeth unto God," says the Scripture, but it cannot safely be given to man, save only as its continuance is made dependent upon its just exercise of it, as the people from a full knowledge of his doings may decide. No objection can be made against publicity for the conducting of these institutions which is not a confession thatŁ injustice is practised within them, and a plea for its continuance. •Ł -Ł Bible Reading in Nebraska Schools. " Wymore (Neb.) Reporter." Tan state superintendent of public schools in Neb-raska has decided that the Bible may be read in the public schools. The matter was laid before him in a case from Gage county, where one family wanted the teacher enjoined from using the book, although all others favored it. In his decision Mr. Jackson said: "There seems to be nothing in the laws of Nebraska that would prevent the simple reading of the Bible in our public schools. I am of the opinion that in this enlightened age and Christian land the public school teacher ought not to be deprived of reading the Bible or of repeating the Lord's prayer." Some Facts About Easter. Tan following statements concerning Easter, made by the Rev. R. S. MacArthur, D. D., a prominent clergy-man of New York City, should be of special interest to believers in its observance who hold to the example of Christ and the apostles as constituting the guiding rule of Christian practise:Š "Easter Sunday is known as the Christian Passover. The word and the festival are a survival of the old Teu-tonic mythology. "The old Saxon name was 'Oster,' or 'Osten,' mean-ing rising. The German form is `Ostern.' The English name is derived from the Teutonic Goddess of Spring, known as `Ostera,' or Tostre,' whose festival occurred at this season of the year." "Easter is the grandest and most joyful of all church festivals. In the early days, its celebration lasted a week, closing with the following Sunday as the Easter octave. There is, however, no trace of the cele-nration of Easter as a festival in the New Testament times, neither in the writing of the apostolic fathers. Socrates, the ecclesiastical historian, distinctly states  that neither Christ nor his apostles enjoined the keep-ing of this festival. Origen teaches that if we dwell on the great spiritual truths taught by our Lord, every day will be an Easter. "Later the observance became very general. The churches were ornamented with great wax candles. The faithful saluted each other with a holy kiss and with the salutation: 'Christ is risen!' To this the response was: 'He is risen indeed!' This beautiful custom is still observed in Russia, where Easter is observed with im-posing ceremony. "In several pagan festivals there lurked great religious truths; they were unconscious prophecies of great spiritual realities; they were transformed into Easter." How it is that a festival of which nothing is to be learned from the precepts or practise of Christ and the apostles, but everything from the practise of the ancient heathen, becomes the "grandest and most joyful" of all occasions to the Christian Church, we must leave for others to explain. The Protestant Movement in Austria. Tan away-from-Rome movement in Austria still continues, and with increasing success according to the official Protestant organ of Austria. This journal says:Š "During the past three months, in German Bohemia alone, the number of converts from Roman Catholicism to Protestantism was 836, namely, 374 men, 246 women, and 216 children. This makes a total in this province alone since the organization of this movement of 2,794 persons, namely, 1,404 men, 759 women, and 631 children. Only eighteen pastorates contribute to this report, which does not, therefore, embrace the other German provinces of the Austrian empire." The movement is mostly confined to the cities, and the majority of the converts enter the Lutheran Church, although in Austria the Reformed Church is numerically the stronger of the two. "The evangelical cause is rap-idly gaining ground in those districts that in the Ref-ormation period were under Protestant influence, but where this church and creed were crushed by the counter Reformation inaugurated by the Jesuits, who, however, were not able to crush out the Protestant memories in the populace." "The fact that only a comparatively small number of children are found among the converts is to be explained from the fact that, according to the law of Austria, children between the ages of seven and fourteen are not allowed to change their church. Prob-ably the most remarkable feature in these statistics is the fact that the number of men converts is almost double that of the women. A large proportion of the men are young and unmarried. We have here a repeti-tion of the fact so noticeable in the period of the Ref-ormation, that the women cling much more tenaciously to traditional religious views than do the men. 