THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 157 still mainly composed of the same class of beings." But an institution established by Christians is not necessarily a Christian institution ; the church fair of the Roman Catholic Churches in Denver, which was mentioned in No. 15 of the Witness, was gotten. up and was patronized by persons de-nominated Christians ; but did that fact make it a Christian affair ? Then it is not true that the Nation at the present time is mainly composed of Christians. Statistics serve to show that only one-third of the population of the country is pro-fessedly Christian. Another proof advanced fbr our being a Christian Nation is the fact, as the editor says, that the Christian religion was recognized in various conventions prior to the Continental Congress, also in that Congress, also in the Constitution, in so far as the latter has " the provision that precludes Congress from prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof.' " But recognizing the Christian religion in the manner in which the Constitution does, this does not make the respect-ive person or Nation a Christian person or Nation. For how is it recognized? Is it recognized by the Nation in its Constitution by declaring it to be the religion of the Nation ? No ; the Christian religion is recognized by the Nation only in so far as in its Constitution it declares this religion to be one which the members of the Nation may believe, and the precepts of which they may practice. Then the Christian religion is not even definitely or separately mentioned, but all other religions are placed on the same plane with it, and as far as the Constitution is concerned are entitled to equal respect, belief, and practice in this coun-try. These proofs for our being a Christian Nation, it is evident, we trust, are unsound; let us throw them overboard. If this is all that can be ad-duced as proof that we are a Christian Nation, then the assertion may fearlessly be made that we are not a Christian Nation. In order to set forth the truth of this proposi-tion more plainly, it must continually be borne in mind what constitutes a nation. A nation is a mass of people living in a given country and governed according to given laws, which are in conformity with a certain so-called constitution. Now in order to determine whether a nation is monarchical, aristocratic, or democratic, refer-ence must be had to the constitution of that na-tion, and not to the private opinions of its differ-ent members. For, granted that, in the present day, a majority of our people, which, however, we hope is not the case, were monarchical in their views and tendencies, would that make our Na-tion a monarchy ? Not at all I But those people could make this Nation monarchical, provided they were sufficiently strong in numbers to have the Constitution altered according to their wishes, and actually had this done. But so long as that has not been accomplished, the Nation remains a democracy, in consequence of the Constitution de-claring it such and actually constituting it such. Likewise, if we wish to determine whether the United States as a Nation is a religious Nation, we must not ask, Are the majority of the people religious or not? but recourse must be had to the Constitution. Now is the United States a religious Nation ? Yes, if the word religion is taken in its broadest sense; for the Constitution, indirectly at least, as we take it, recognizes a God, a supreme Being, for instance, in Art. II, Sec. '1, No. 9. But is the United States a Chris-tian Nation ? No ; for nowhere in the Con-stitution can there be found one word that rec- ognizes the Christian God and the Christian religion, nor that can be construed as recognizing them. So little does the Constitution even dream of doing this that it forbids it in its very first amendment, which is as follows : " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to as-semble, and to petition the Government for a re-dress of grievances." In the Rocky Mountain News of March 25, of the present year, there is an article in which the following words occur pertaining to the Christian religion and the Constitution of the United States : " In a letter published in the Sen-tinel, December 5, 1789, addressed to the Pres-byterians of New Hampshire and Massachusetts (who had complained of the omission of an ac-knowledgment of God in the Constitution) George Washington said that religion was left out of that document because it belongs to the churches and not to the State.' Religion,' said Madison, is not within the purview of human government.' Benjamin Franklin wrote, October 9, 1780: When a religion is good I conceive that it will support itself, and when it cannot support it-self, and God does not care to support it, so that its professors are obliged to call for help of the civil power, it is a sign, I apprehend, of its being a bad one.' Justice Story said : 'It was deemed advisable to exclude from the National Govern-ment all power upon the subject. The Catholic and the Protestant, the Calvinist and the Armenian, the Jew and the infidel, may sit down to the common table of our national councils.' A treaty adopted between the United States and Tripoli, November 4, 1796, signed by George Washington, contains this sentiment : The Government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion.' " These sentiments express the Lutheran doc-trine concerning Church and State. The Church and the State are two radically different institu-tions, each moving in a sphere peculiar to itself. Let each remain in its own sphere ; let neither interfere with the affairs of the other. Both have a work to perform ; let each perform the work ap-pointed to itself.ŠRev. H. Raup, in Lutheran Witness, St. Louis, May 7, 1889. Ł How toto Reach the Masses. I LITE in Washington City, and am pastor of the Central Presbyterian Church, which is lo-cated in a densely-populated portion of the city. There are no rented pews; the seats are free at all the services; the entire revenue is derived from the weekly gifts of the congregation; all comers are equally and alike made welcome. There are persons of all conditions and classes who are regular members of the church and con-gregation. In the last few years every house within four blocks of the church has been visited by members of the congregation, going two and two, and the inmates have been kindly and cor-dially invited to the services. The pastor has extended repeated invitations to scores of the "masses" living near the house of worship. Yet at this very moment there are enough of these " masses " within five minutes' walk of the church, who never attend the worship of the Most High God, to pack to its utmost capacity our present edifice and another one of the same size. Now, what are we to do to save these masses who refuse to be saved; to evangelize these masses  who will not be evangelized; to gather into the church these masses who will not be gathered? Some of the masses are lawyers, capitalists, mer-chants, mechanics, wage-workers, and some very poor; but, as they do not and will not come to church, they are all masses. Is my life and the life of my congregation to be entirely devoted to one unceasing effort to bring these people to church? If, after repeated invitations and offers of the gospel, they continually and willfully re-ject Christ, is it like our Lord, and does it honor him, to force his salvation on unwilling souls? A chosen apostle said: "Seeing ye thrust it from you and judge yourselves unworthy of ever-lasting life, lo, we turn to the Gentiles." The church has been fairly flooded of late years with publications of all sorts and sizes proclaiming the gross neglect of the masses by evangelical churches and Christians. Statistics have 'been tabulated, ad nauseum, to prove that all manner of failures and dire evils are upon us. True, the facts are dark enough. The devil is very busy, and evil is rampant. True, believers continue, as they have ever been, a little flock, and as they will continue until the Lord returns, when he will give them the kingdom. Christ is still a rejected king. I venture the assertion that nine-tenths of the churches of this land, city or country, are never filled at any regular service, morning or evening; and, if all the services are considered, we can furnish seats free for just as many more people as now come to church. The church has always furnished, and is furnishing to-day, far more seats than there are persons who come to fill them. The gospel agents, agencies, and accom-modations are sufficient to evangelize all the masses of cities and countries in less than a week, if only the masses were willing; but, alas! this unwillingness is the supreme difficulty, which only the Holy Spirit can remove.ŠRev. A. W. Pitzer, in the Interior. A Statement of Baptist Principles. THE following letter, referred to elsewhere in these columns, and which we are kindly per-mitted to publish, is from a Baptist clergyman, and should commend itself to every fair-minded person, both by the candor of its tone and by the sentiments expressed in it. It is another evi-dence that all Baptists are not ready to prove rec-reant to the principles for which Roger Williams so heroically suffered. We trust it will be care-fully read, and candidly pondered, especially by those who imagine that opposition to religious legislation is akin to infidelity. SALINAS, Cal., May 9, 1889. W. A. RUNNELSŠDear Sir: Your kind letter of April 17 is before me, and I have received two or three copies of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. One of the principal reasons why I am a Baptist is the positive and radical position of the denom-ination on the subject of Church and State. The entire and absolute separation of Church and State has been a cardinal principle with American Baptists from Roger Williams down to the present time. It was through the direct efforts of Virginia Baptists, aided by Washington, Jeffer-son, and Madison, that the first amendment to the Federal Constitution was adopted, providing that Congress should have no power to establish a religion, or prohibit the people in the free ex-ercise of their individual religious convictions. The literature of the American Baptist Publi- 