Ambulance Corps, First Battalion of the American Guard (Grammer School 8 7, New York.) ﬁIF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, / JUDGE HIM NOT. FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD.ﬂ  Vol. 11, No. 30. NEW YORK, JULY 30, 1896. Price, Three Cents.      American Sentinel 9 ranks of the youth in our public schools, a military organization, taking the name of the " American Guard," and more commonly referred to as the "Boys' Brigade," which has extended itself into every part of the country, and is rapidly looming into promi-nence in the public eye. Measures 'have been passed in its favor by State legislatures, and Boards of Education now find it among the prominent things which claim their attention. " It is likely," says one authority on the sub-ject, " that before long military drill will be established everywhere as a part of the Amer-ican common school system."* rpm puss PUBLISHING coNrdNy, So BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY EDITOR, C. P. BOLLMAN. ASHT. EDITOR, - L. A. SMITH. , GROWTH OF THE MILITARY SPIRIT. THE military spirit is the fighting spirit. It is for the purpose of fighting that the mil-itary forces exist. ,They do not exist to par-ade and give pleasing and impressive shows before the public. While their time is very largely spent in this way, the faet remains that Were it not for the real fighting which they are supposed to be capable of doing, they would never have been called into existence. The fighting spirit is es-sentially the same under all circumstances. The applica-tion of "science" to the "art" of disabling an opponent by physical force, does not change its nature. The pro-fessional pugilist displays much " science" in conduct-ing a prize-fight, but he ac-quires this merely in order that his efforts may be more effective in overcoming his adversary; and so of military drill. An army is more ef-fective than a mob, and that is the reason the mob is or-ganized and drilled into an army. The organization and drill are for blIg purpose of enabling the army to kill more men and do more injury to the enemy in a given space of time than if could do otherwise, and not for the purpose of ele-vating the " art" of killing and mangling human beings. The sudden and widespread development of the military spirit in this country within the last three years, is a conspicuous and signifi cant sign of the times. Within this brief _space of time there has been evolved from the The friends of the organization are said to be many, and its opponents comparatively few. It is said in defense of the system that it confers much physical benefit upon the boys of the schools, giving them "neatness in person and clothing, a firm step, and a straight and graceful figure." The correctness of this assertion no one will be likely to dispute. The physical advantages to be derived from * The quotations in this article not otherwise credited are from " Our Schoolboy Soldiers," by Whidden Graham, in the July Illunsey. thorough military training are too well known to need argument. It would be idle to main-tain, however, that such benefits can be de-rived in no other way. But it is said that there are other and greater benefits pertaining to the system. " Still more important," we are told, " are the mental and moral lessons directly or indi-rectly given in the course of military instruc-tion. The boys are taught to be brave, hon-orable, and manly; that they must be obe-dient, courteous, and respectful; that they must protect the weak, be helpful to their comrades, and above all else, be truthful and patriotic." Evidently, if all this were true of the military system, the careful parent, solicitous that his sons should be well brought up, would need do little more than to see them safely initiated into this organization. It is worthy of note that one of the earliest and most influential promoters of the organization, was the Grand Army of the Republic. It was not an educational sen-timent, but a military, or " patriotic " one, in which the idea originated. The education which the system provides is almost wholly in the line of that necessary to military operations. Our illustration shows the " Am-bulance Corps " belonging to one New York City "battal-ion" of the Guard, as they would appear equipped for operations on the field of bat-tle. It contains few sugges- tions in the line of physical or mental edu-cation, but some very strong ones of a different nature. Indeed, it indicates plainly that the training given in the organization is of a kind which looks toward actual mili-tary operations. That the system teaches " patriotism " of a certain kind, is doubtless true. But the pat-riotism which is represented by belligerency certainly does not need to be cultivated in the mind of the average school-boy. The important question which presents it- PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE 