THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. vol. 7, No. 50. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 22, 1892. Noma.ŠAny one receiving THE AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered THE SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. Volume 1 of THE AMERICAN SENTI-NEL closes with this number. Number 1, Vol. 8, will bear date of January 5, 1893; we will, therefore, publish no paper next week. This is according to our custom, but is mentioned for the information of new subscribers. THE next number of THE SENTINEL will be one of special value. The leading arti- cle will be a brief but comprehensive his-tory of the National Reform movement, and of what it has accomplished. This article has been written specially for the initial number of the new volume, and ought to be read by everybody. " Lim-itations to Majority Rule, " and the "Christian's Duty to Obey Civil Rulers," are also among the important subjects to be treated in this number of THE SENTI-NEL. This paper will be No. 1, Vol. 8, of THE SENTINEL, and will bear date of January 5, 1893. Extra copies will be furnished at $1 per hundred, or $8 per thousand. W]erican Federation of Labor, ap-proved on,the 15th inst., by a vote of 54 to 15, the committee's recommendation that the World's Fair be opened on Sunday. IT is said that Mr. Henry W. Blair, of New Hampshire, recently elected to a seat in the lower house of Congress, pro-poses to re-introduce his educational bill, so persistently kept before Congress by him when he was in the Senate. \ A LADY of the National Reform, school of Christianity(?), writes to us from Pennville, Ind., as follows You are making a great mistake in sending your wicked paper to me. I don't want one of them seen in my house. If you and your un-American friends don't want to abide by the law of this comv,  try, we will be just as well off without you. Yol,  are at liberty to go to some heathen land where" you belong. But if you want to stay here, I be of you in God's name not to try to make the peoph any worse than they already are. God's holy day is desecrated to such a degree already that we hardly know when our blessed holy day comes. If you have any other day that you want to keep, that is all right, but the law of this country ought to compel every person on American soil to keep the American Sunday. This has the true National Reform ring, and sounds amazingly like the following bit of Christian(?) sentiment uttered by Rev. E. B. Graham some years ago :Š If the opponents of the Bible [that is, the Na-tional Reform view of the Bible] do not like our Government and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land; and in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil, subdue it, and set up a Government of their own, and if they can stand it, stay there till they die. The mistake of both Mr. Graham and of our correspondent is in supposing that National Reform is Christianity, or that it is even Christian. We are not opposed to Christianity, but simply to having  something forced upon people as Chris-tianity which is only a base counterfeit. It is impossible to enforce true Christianity. According to our correspondent's own words there has been a total failure to preserve the Sunday Sabbath by the civil law; they have for years had Sunday laws but now can scarcely tell when the day comes. Why not cease to appeal to force and appeal to the power of God and to his word, trusting his Spirit to impress it upon hearts? There can be but one reason; the word of God says nothing about the particular day which they are determined shall be observed, and which they are determined to enforce, even if they have to banish all who oppose them. WE are told that infidelity was respon-sible for the French Revolution which a century ago deluged France with blood; but what caused the infidelity? Was it not largely the result of a corrupt union of Church and State, and of the abuses which grew out of it? Infidelity hides its head in the presence of the truth, which is the power of God for the salva-tion of men, but it flourishes in the at-mosphere of a State-bolstered religion which is always a denial of the sufficiency of the gospel of Christ. In nothing is the utter perversity of human nature more fully demonstrated than in, its readiness to pervert the truth of God, and by the substitution of human inventions, deny its power to regenerate and save men. There is danger in any union which seeks to exalt men rather than God, no matter by what name it may be called. THE following note from the author of work quoted on page 371 of the current volume of THE SENTINEL, explains itself : Baltimore, Dec. 13, 1892. To THE EDITOR OF THE AMERICAN SENTINEL: With many thanks for your kind mention of my little book on " The Law of Sunday," will you give me leave to suggest that your reviewer has done me a high but undeserved honor by connecting my name with the Johns Hopkins University? I am really an humble member of the Law Faculty of Baltimore University, an entirely distinct insti- tution. Truly Yours, JAS. T. RINGGOLD. We are glad to correct this error into which one of our editorial writers inad-vertently fell. We wish only to give our readers the veritable facts upon every subject presented in our columns. Those who are acquainted with Mr. Ringgold's book will not esteem him less highly be-cause he is not connected with the Johns Hopkins University; the knowledge of the facts will simply give them an added in-terest in the Baltimore University. THE House Committee of the Columbian ,xposition, Mr. Durborow, Chairman, has reported a bill authorizing the World's Ft it Managers to open the Fair on Sunday, but instructing them to stop machinery and traffic, and so far as possible manual labor on that day. Th4 bill is utterly unworthy of the sup-port of any body except those who are con-cerned only for the financial interests of the Fair. rit4can be defended on no correct principle whatever. Congress has no right to say hoNi,, Sun\day shall be observed, or whether it stAli--40 observed at all or not ; and the only proPqr action for that body to take now to siply repeal the Sunday-closing proviso, and`, ass a resolution de-claring that the4whole  question is beyond the proper sphere of ci N.1 government, and that especially i, this t\rue of a govern- ment operating under a Constitution which pravides that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Thiglitas been the position of THE SEN- TINEL all along, and we are glad to see that some of the daily papers are catching the idea. The World, of the 15th inst., had this to say on the subject:Š Why should not Congress take its hand completely off this matter and leave it to the discretion of the managers ? What business has Congress to legislate on the subject of the religious observance of days in a country which is supposed to set all religions free and to let all religions alone? Is it not time to recognize the fact that in this Republic the State has absolutely nothing to do with the Church, and that Congresses and Legislatures are not bodies qualified by theological training or by religious impulse to dictate to the people what Sabbaths and holy days they shall observe, or how ? A bill is also proposed simply re-pealing the Sunday closing proviso and, leaving the matter in the hands of the Board of Directors, just where it properly belongs. We regard it as very improbable that such a bill would pass, but its discus-sion would serve an excellent educational purpose just now; and education along this line must always prove detrimental to so-called National Reform. Š WE still have on hand a limited num-ber of copies of THE SENTINEL of Dec ber 15. containing the Arena ar " Religious Intolerance iu the Republic : Christians (?) Persecuting Christians in Tennessee." These papers will be fur-. nished at $1 per hundred. Not a single copy of this number should remain un-used. The Arena article alone is worth several times the price of the paper, which contains other good matter besides. THE index to Volume 7 of. THE SENTI-NEL will be printed at once for the ac-commodation of those who have kept files. of the NwN v. Copies of the index will be furnished cup application. Persons desiring bound volumes of THE SENTINEL for 1892, should send 'I'd-their orders at once, in order that we may know how many to have bound. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,  A WEEKLY PAPER Sot for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything  tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to ono address, per‚yet ,r, - - 25 to 99 " " " M "O to 249 " " " " " - - me, 250 to  499 " St ti t{ it - 500 to 999  " It ti " 604,  " 1000 or more " To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 sh- Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 93 Bond Street, New York City, THE Supreme Court of Georgia has rendered a decision exempting telegraph companies from penalties for failure to deliver messages on Sunday. The court holds that under the code of the State it is unlawful for any person, including a tele-graph company, to pursue his business or the work of his ordinary calling upon Sun-.  day, works of necessity or charity only ex-, cepted. A well-known commercial organ.: says the decision might produce interest-ing results if it should be followed by the courts of other States having similar Sun-. day laws. 