380 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. harness; they can do their best as scouts, as guer-rillas. That I, as Secretary, should not take into consideration this class of our members, which com-prises many of our most active workers, would indeed have been an official blunder. But, as for committing our society to any ism, even the ism of denouncing the church, which is the bulwark of the National Reformers, I have never done so ; .nor, so far as I know, am I likely to do so while I re-main Secretary. Unofficially, I shall propably con-tinue to protest against some dogmas which per-haps you and others believe in, as I do not intend to allow even our non-sectarian society to shut off my right of free speech. I trust, however, that I shall never be lacking in the parliamentary courtesy due to the opinions of those who differ with me. I trust that I shall always remain broad-minded enough to give intellectual hospitality to every earnest seeker after truth, be he Churchman or Radical. You are quite right in saying that the truth or falsity of the Christian religion has nothing to do with the question of separating Church and State. Nevertheless, mankind has usually been swayed by likes and dislikes, rather than by simple justice. In the case of your own organization, while your paper firmly maintains its unsectarian stand, are not most of your people upheld in their struggles against persecution by a feeling of devotien to their Master"? In our own organization, numbering -among its membership so many Freethinkers, Athe-ists and Individualists, can it be wondered that the impelling motive of the majority should be one of hostility to a church which they blame for being a hindrance to progress ? Moreover, as Mr. T. B. Wakeman said at our Congress : " As long as our theological fellow-citizens will insist upon the in-fraction of secular Government by forcing the Bible into our public schools, chaplains into public bodies, and the exemption of churches from taxation, cer-tainly we are bound to inquire, what are their Bible, their prayers, and their churches worth ? " He also refers to the disadvantage under which we labor, in having to invite "those of extremely di-vergent -views on every other topic except political secularization, to take part in our Congresses held for that purpose ; " and he adds : " We must try to ' get over that difficulty by mutual intellectual and spiritual hospitality." Although your, organization and ours are working for the total separation of Church and State from entirely different motives, the object of our struggles is the same; and I trust that the day will come when we shall co-operate effectively as allies, with-out any sacrifice' by either of us of our impelling motives. We were glad to have Professor J. 0. Collies, of the NatiOnal Religious Liberty Association, with us at the Congress. His ringing speech hit the nail on the head, and pleased our people generally, even where they did not, agree with him from a religious standpoint. I earnestly hope that your people will be represented at next year's Congress also. Mean-while, let us hold out a helping hand to one another in the good work wherever we can, even though we be not ready to become-formal allies. And- last, but not least, please remember that the officers of the American Secular Union, whatever their private or personal views, commit themselves and the so-ciety officially to the promulgation of no ism what-ever. With best wishes for the success of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL in its noble work, I am Yours very truly, IDA C. CRADDOCK, Cor. Sec. American Secular Union. We have no extended comments to make upon this letter; but we must say that we cannot see that we did Miss Craddock any injustice in our, criticism upon her utter- ances. at Portsmouth. Our use-  of the teim `;`, infidel " is justifiedŁ  by domm.on usage; and by ;VV,ebster's definition of the  word. It means,  " one who is' without faith, or unfaithful; hence, a disbeliever, a freethinker," etc. A freethinker, Web-ster says, is " one who disregards revela-tion; an unbeliever." The synonyms are "infidel, skeptic." Moreover, freethink-' ers themselves use the word "infidel." Our correspondent should go,  to the root of the matter and change the facts, the dictionary, and the practice of the world at large, before finding fault with us; if she is a freethinker she is also an infidel, however much-she may dislike the name. "Freethought" is not a dictionary term, but according to the usage of freethinkers themselves it is a synonym for infidelity. The assumption that freedom of thought is " freethought " is unwarranted. The Christian is just as' free to think, and thinks to quite as good purpose as the freethinker; there is " freethought " and free thought ; but they differ in this, that while the former implies disbelief, or skep-ticism, the latter means free exercise of the mind. We would not place " church observ-ances " above duty to the truth -and to our fellow-men, but we do say that faith in Christ is essential to the perfect discharge of these duties. Miss Craddock, in com-mon with other freethinkers, would doubt-less dissent from this proposition as she has a perfect right to do. We criticise her only because such suggestions have no proper place in the Secular Union if it is unsectarian. The Union though not a party is a political organization to influence the State in the direction. of secularism; and " secularism " does not mean opposi-tion to Christianity, it simply means op-position to union of Church and State, or religion and the State. But when the Secular Union arrays itself against Chris-tianity and devises plans for the instruc-tion of the youth in " freethought " it really assumes to array the State against Christianity. The Secular Union agrees with us that the State has no right to favor Christianity; is it not equally true that the State has no right to antagonize Christianity? Miss Craddock can no more separate herself from her office, and as an individ-ual outline work for the radical members of the Union, than the American Sabbath 'anion can Ł separate Sunday from 'the re-ligious sentiment that sustains it, and transform it into a civil institution. . C. P. B. THE Mail and Express says editorially that " the Sabbath is emphatically an American institution." We had suppoSed that it was a divine institution; certainly that is true of the Bible, Sabbath,. but there may be a Sabbath that is.an American institution; .if: so, that fact would explain the demand for laws to maintain it; every country of ,course should belster Up its own institutions. Mernoriale of 1829-30. No. a. PRINCIPLES INVOLVED IN SUNDAY LE " To the Senate and House of Repreenta- , fives of the United States of America in Congress Assembled:Š " The memorial of the subscribers, re-siding in Philadelphia County, Pennsyl-vania, respectfully showeth: " That they approach the Supreme Leg-islature of their county, not for the purpose of infringing on the privilege8 of others, but to secure that liberty which, in their apprehension, is now endangered. When these United States became inde-pendent of the British crown, and assumed their just station among the sovereign States of the earth, the delegates appointed to represent the different provinces were not unmindful of the great trust confided to them by the people. To guard against any abuse in matters of religion and civil policy, the wise framers of the Constitu-tion of our Government, after defining with unexampled accuracy the rights of the citizens, and limiting the authority of Congress, expressly prohibited the latter from interfering with the religious opin-ions of the people. "Your memorialists have, therefore, regarded with abhorrence the diligent and untiring efforts of a combination of relig-ious sects, made to obtain an ascendancy in the administration of public affairs. To them, it is obvious that the ultimate object proposed to be attained is the recog-nition by Congress of certain specific doc-trines, and thereby to enslave the con-sciences of the free citizens of this great Republic. It is now contemplated to fill all the public offices with men who shall, either directly or indirectly, accept the faith and doctrine of a powerful party. The subject of which they now speak, the memorialists 'are aware, has frequently been the occasion of much painful thought to some of the most eminent statesmen who have adorned our country with the luster of their talents. "Your memorialists regret the necessity which compels them_ to intrude on your deliberations at the present juncture. Si-lence upon their part would be construed into approbation of the measures pursued by those whom they are resolved to 6p-pose. They will, therefore, address you in language suited to the emergency, and with a sense of Ahe responsibility thus voluntarily assumed. " At the last session of your body, great efforts were made to induce you ,to pass a law, the object ,of which was to suspend the transmission of the mails on what is called the Sabbath, But a patri- otic LegiSlature then _decided that it was , incompetent for them. to approach ,an un- determined, queStion in -`.religion }vas with great astonishment yonr, memorial-ists heard that ,the attempt was again to be renewed, and a new.  attack to be made 