336 THE " AMERICAN - SENTINEL. , VoL. 5, No. 4x. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 23, 1890. NOTE.-Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who.have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. . . TROUBLE,  over the reading of the Bible in the public schools is reported from the Western Reserve, in Ohio. A parent complains that the teacher to whom his children are sent, persists in devoting a portion of each day to scriptural reading, and as his children are compelled to be present, according to the school-room rule, he 4eniands to know whether ho cannot legallY withdraw his children during that an article in the Evangel of Rest, '116V.;',I M. Hamilton quotes Lev. 19: 30: `""i6 Shall keep my Sabbaths and rever-ence'inrsanctuary," and applies it to Siniday - keeping and attendance upon Church services! Ps. 87 : 2, and 132: 14, are wrested in like manner; while Isa. 66: '23, is tortured into a command for everybody to go to meeting upon the first day of the Week! And that he calls teaching divine truth ! COMMENTING upon the Tennessee Sun-dity4aw' cases, a London, England, paper says:Š ?!'All things whatsoever ye would that men should do 40 you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law, and the.prophets." Matt. 7:12. If this rule of condUct Were followed, we should have no occasion to report such cases as these prosecutions in Tennes-see tinder the Sunday law. This State has had a bad record fora few years past, in this respect. This is true, but the Golden Rule has no place in the code of those who make and enforce Sunday laws. Ł-ŁŁŁ  AT the semi-annual meeting of the bish-ops of . the Methodist Episcopal Church, in this city, in May, the Pearl of Days 'says the following resolutions were unani-mously adopted :Š Resolved, That we are gratified at the information received concerning the organization of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union and approve of the work thus far accomplished, and we look to it for efficient aid in rescuing the land from the curse of Sabbath desecration. Resolved, That we respectfully call the immediate Attention of the officers of the society to the growing evil of Sunday receptions and Sunday dinner parties in Washington, D. C., and in other cities of the Republic. It is in order for the bishops next to state how they intend that the American Sabbath Union shall stop, or even check, Sunday receptions and Sunday dinner parties. The object of the Union is, to secure laws for the preservation of Sunday  ObServanoe. :bi-sbiops intend:.-- that tlie'AnieriCan SabbatlainiOn Shall iseenre the' enactment Of laWs forbidding the giv-ing of receptions or dinner 'Parties on Sun-:day ? This showS plainly enough that a law prohibiting work on Sunday, would not be by any means the end - of the Sun-day tale. Ł .4", Ł ONE of our exchanges, the Loyal Amer-"ian, notes the fact that " the prisoners in the Stillwater prison, Minn., -publish a weekly paper, the Prison Mirror, at one dollar per annum. It is edited-arid printed by the convicts." -And yet' 'like a great many other people, the editor of the Amer-ican insists that the State should educate its citizens to prevent crime! Education is a good thing, a very good thing, but as a preventive of crime it is not much of a success. Thousands of men in the peni-tentiaries of the various States, and thou-sands more who ought to be "doing time," are educated men. If only the illiterate were dishonest, and vicious, the amount of business transacted by our criminal courts would be very, much less than it is. IT is stated that Secretary Dickinson of the World's Fair Commission, is deluged with letters and protests against Sunday opening. So numerous are they that he has been compelled to have circulars printed acknowledging their receipt. In the number of petitions the Christian Endeavor Society heads the list, half the petitions and remonstrances coming from branches of that organization; then comes individual churches, then the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. "Already," says the Mail and Express, "it is evident that the opposition to Sunday opening will be the most formidable demonstration of its kind ever made in the country." We wonder if in this, as in the matter of a national Sunday law, the petitioners are to be counted several times. SOME time since, Mr. Crafts visited Denver, and delivered several discourses upon the Sunday-law question. In an editorial notice of his work, the News of that city says :Š The difficulty arises when we come to define rest, and to specify what may and what may not be done. It would be interesting to catechize Dr. Crafts on that subject in the presence of one of his large audiences. When he approaches it he has a habit of generalizing, and if he becomes specific he hastens his gait and touches his points lightly. It needs no analysis, however, to see the drift of the legislation he advocates. He would have the civil power enforce a religious conception of Sun-day observance, save that he would forego com-pulsory attendance at church. He would ostracize Sunday amusement, no matter how innocent, and entertainments; no matter how instructive. He would interdict the masses of city population from going to any suburban resort on the only day of the seven when it is in their power to breath country air. Just where he would draw the line who can tell ? Modern rapid transit has wonder-fully favored metropolitan resorts, and our cable and electric lines would clearly have to stop on  - Stinday to Meet -Mr. Crafts .requirements, ,or at lea,st shOrteiAlielil-run on that day so that the toil-- ing.classes Shoffid not be taken beyond the-murky atmosphere that characterizes most of our Iarge cities. The News is in favor of a Sunday law that would close saloons, factories, etc., but it is not prepared to agree to Mr. Crafts's so-called " civil Sunday " scheme. It sees very plainly that what he is really working for, is, as it says, a law that would enforce a religious rest, and it wants nothing of the kind. And this opposition, it appears, -is not becauSe of opposition to-religion, but simply  from opposition to-State interference in matters of religion. THE Sabbath Harbinger is the name of a new 24-column monthly, " religious fam-ily paper, devoted to missionary work and_ Sabbath reform in the South." It is pub-lished by the Southern Sabbath Publish-ing Association, Beauregard, Miss. "It will be," says= the publishers, " uncompromis-ingly.opposed to anything tending toward the encroachments, usurpations, and as-sumed authority of a hierarchy, either in name or in fact, let it come from what-ever source it may." If this promise is,  redeemed, the Harbinger will oppose the work of the American Sabbath Union, and the schemes of the National Reform Asso-ciation. A REPORT of a committee at a recent Sunday-law meeting in California, con-tains this statement : " The public ought to be thoroughly informed of the reasons,  for the Sunday closing of saloons." Well the reason is not far to seek, nor hard to state; it is simply a desire on the part of one part of the community to honor the first day of the week because they regard it as the Sabbath by divine appointment. If the motive were purely or even pri-marily a temperance one they would de-mand the closing of saloons on all days. ARE there many people, in this country who would be pleased to see the United States governed as Ecuador is ? Perhaps not, but there are many thousands of peo-ple among us who are striving to bring-about a union of Church and State, and if they are successful it will only be a ques-tion of timeŠa comparatively short time Šwhen the only difference between the United States and Ecuador, will be in the number of population and the area of ter-ritory.ŠAmerican Standard. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the- United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per-Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York_ 