636 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ' THE czar's scheme for a peace congress is reported to be making some headway, insomuch that all the leading nations of Europe are understood to have expressed a willingness to be represented at the gathering. The real difficulties of the undertaking will be met after the con-gress shall have assembled. AN Associated Press dispatch mentions an interview had by Mr. W. T. Stead, tL English journalist, with a prominent statesman of Belgium, a Catholic, who had just returned from Rome, where he had been in consulta-tion with the pope and the papal secretary of state, Car-dinal Rampolla. To the question whether the pope fa-vored religious liberty for the Philippines, the statesman made the honest reply that the pope could not so ex-press himself "without repudiating doctrines affirmed by his predecessors." To declare himself in favor of such liberty now would also raise the query why he did not favor it before the islands passed from the control of Spain. * * SENS A TIONALISM in religious work is never wise, either from a religious or a business point of view. A Loladon (Eng.) paper relates an incident of Salvation Army work in Neustadt, Germany, which illustrates the point. The Army had advertised an approaching meeting at which, it was stated, they would expose "the greatest liar in Neusta dt." The Army referred to the devil; but the police of Neustadt, not fathoming the intended meaning of the words, decided that the language might be aimed at some of the citizens, or that at least some of the citi-zens might feel that it was, and accordingly the editor of the paper and the captain of the Army were each fined twenty marksŠor in default ten days' imprisonmentŠon the charge of doing what was calculated to create a disturbance. * * THE following item from the Catholic Times, of Lon-don, Eng., sets forth the attitude of the papacy towards the Bible, which is seen to be quite the same as it was in the Dark Ages. Speaking of the slaughter of the Khalifa's troops by the English in the Soudan, the Times says:Š "How was it, we may ask, that these sons of the des-ert, who must have seen that they were fighting for a hopeless cause, threw away their lives so prodigally and  seemed positively to court death? Well, many men have been known to prefer death to a fate that was even worse. And there was a worse fate than death in store for the Dervish warriors. The Rev. R. H. Weakley, so we learn from one of our contemporaries, had in store for the 2,000 prisoners of war, after the battle of Atbara, a con-signment of Scripture in the vernacular. Luckily, when he came to look for the recipients of his Scriptures, he found that no Baggara had been taken prisoners. They had neither given nor taken quarter." * AN appeal for relief has been ma 'e by Cuban soldiers, who are in a condition similar to that of the reconcen-trados when the war began. Being bound by the terms of peace not to take food from the Spanish towns by force, and the Spanish authorities refusing either to sell food to them or barter with them, they have become re-duced to the last extremity, and without relief must soon perish from starvation. The Church on Imperialism. WHILE a few voices within the church are raised in warning against the policy which would launch the na-tion upon the sea of imperialism, it is evident that, in general, the church will give that policy her vigorous support. For in it the church seesŠor believes that she seesŠthe opportunity for a rapid and easy extension of her own conquests, which, being those of Christianity, must be for the welfare of all people, and justify the means by which they are introduced. The tendency of the church is more and more to ally herself with the state in political affairs; to see in politi-cal questions the moral questions which belong to her divinely-appointed sphere; to see, in short, as Cardinal Manning expressed it, that "politics are morals on the widest scale." And this the church discerns all the more readily when, as in the present instance, a certain policy on the part of the state contains the promise of an im-portant advantage for herself. Some impressive words in support of an imperial pol-icy by the Government were spoken on an impressive occasion on the 5th inst. in Washington, D. C. That oc-casion was the triennial council of the Protestant Epis-copal Church of the United States. The conference in-cluded in its participants the House of Bishops, which is the chief governing body within the church, and among its lay delegates such men as Chief Justice Fuller, of the Supreme Court, J. Pierpont Morgan, the financier, and Captain A. T. Mahan, author of the famous book on the influence of naval power; numbering about five hundred persons in all. Bishop Tuttle delivered a discourse from the text "Lengthen thy cords and strengthen thy stakes," declar-ing that "in everyday experience, to hold what is got is quite as valuable a quality of well-balanced human na- 