11 111111,1'11'" .1,,,r411111 1"'''-'1011001111111, Equal and exact justice to all rrleri, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political,ŠThomas Afirson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 25, 1890. NUMBER 38. The American Sentinel. PUDLISMCD WEEKLY, BY TRE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NNW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE ED/TORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. ".THE voice of the people is the voice of God," is as true to-day, as when spoken in a city of Greece two thousand years ago. ŠClear Lake (Cal.) Press. Just about as true For instance, when, a century later, the people crowded around the Son of God, shouting, ";Crucify him! Crucify him !" HE who seeks to transform the church of God into a political club-room, must ever be regarded as the enemy of our higher ideals of civil and religious liberty, and also guilty of a Pharisaism which has the effrontery to dictate methods to God himself. This paper believes that the race will be happiest when it takes God's laws as they are, and enacts such laws for the regulation of human affairs as wisdom, tempered with justice, suggests.ŠCentral City, Nebraska, Republican. THE Christian Union is grieved because the sale of acids for removing ink stains is permitted in this country, and says : " A little bit of the thou-shalt-not policy of Russia might make a useful ingredient in the devil-take-the-hindmost policy of our democracy. Under a paternal form of government, the sale of such a mixture as this would probably be prohibited." Of course, what the Christian Union has in view is the ease with which checks can be raised by means of this acid; but the idea of making this the occasion of a plea for a paternal government, would be decidedly funny, did it not show the growing feeling in this country to make  the Government everything to everybody. The " acid " referred to, which is gener-ally sold under the name of " ink eradi-cator," is used by thousands of honest men in their every-day business, and is fast coming to be considered as indispen-sable in every counting room. The editor of the Christian Union should provide himself with a " check perforator," and thank his stars that he does n't live in Russia. State and Parochial Schools. STATE supremacy and jurisdiction over church schools seems to be spreading like an epidemic. Wisconsin, Illinois, and Ohio have laws already in this line. Mass-achusetts, New York, New Jersey, and other States are seriously proposing laws and even considering amendments giving the State jurisdiction over church schools. It seems singular that not only the evil in this thing itself, but the actual danger to the State lying in it, cannot be seen by those who are carrying foward the move-ment. First, the thing is evil in itself, because the church school is a private school. Those who establish it pay to the public school all the State demands, and then they take their own money and hire their own teachers to teach their own children, perhaps in their own houses; and then this movement demands that the State shall assume jurisdiction over these private schools, and authority to dictate as to the teaching in such schools. This is but to claim the right of the State to assume ju-risdiction and authority to dictate in the private affairs of the people. But if the State has this authority in one thing, it may have it in everything that it chooses, and soon all private rights are gone, and nothing that a man has, not even his own person belongs any longer to himself, but to the public. The State is put above the people, and the people become only a part of the machinery of the State. This is directly the reverse of the American prin-cipleŠthe true principle of government.  "All men are created equal and are en-dowed by their Creator with certain in-alienable rights." These rights belong to the individual. They are his own. He may, in establishing government he does, surrender the personal exercise of certain of these rights; but he never does, and ac-cording to the American principle, he never can, surrender himself bodily, and yield to the Government any jurisdiction over his private concerns. The assertion of the rights of any such jurisdiction on the part of the State is but the assertion of the rightfulness of despotism, and springs from a spirit essentially despotic. Again, these are church schools organ-ized for the purpose of teaching to the children of the members of that church the doctrines and religion of the church. In many of the schools, the preacher and the teacher are one and the same person, and the building which is the meeting house of the church on Sunday, is the school house for the children of the church members on other days. If the State may rightly assume jurisdiction over what is taught in that house by that preacher to the children of the church members during the week days, why may not the State also assume jurisdiction over what is taught in that house to the chil-dren and their parents together, on Sun-day ? There is no possible argument that will justify the first that will not likewise justify the second. And if the State may do this in these particular circumstances, it may do so in all places and under all circumstances. And then the distinction between Church and State is broken down and destroyed. This brings us to the second phase of this subject, the danger to the State which lies in this movement against church schools. As we have seen, the result is the destruction of the distinction between the Church and State, and is a union of Church and State, instead of a separation. By the State thus forcing itself upon the Church, and really making the Church a part of itself, forcing it to be so, those churches will inevitably be driven to take 