588 THE SENTINEL" C:30' LIBERTY. bound by agreements they may have made when it seems to their advantage to disregard them; and there is always an excuse to be found or invented for disregarding obligations when the disPosition to such a course is in the heart. The whole history of the Powers of Europe is full of illustrations of this truth. We may read there in the clearest language that policy and not principle is the deciding influence in political affairs. We have the assurance Of Scripture that wars are to cease, even " unto the ends of the earth," but this grand result is to be secured only by the interven-tion of Him who is to come and dash in pieces- the kingdoms of earth and destroy the wicked out of it. " He breaketh the bow and cutteth the spear in sunder; he burneth the chariot in the fire."" Ps. 46: 8-io. After that grand but awful consummation "the meek shall inherit the earth, and shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace." .4 .4 ACCORpINGIO the Boston Sunday Post of Sept. 9, the strict enforcement of the Sunday,law in Boston has led. to an agitation of the question whether the sale of beans should be allowed, or prohibited on Sunday. The Post says: "The crusade against the selling of pork and beans on Sunday, inaugurated last week,' has at-tracted much attention, and the bakers are indig-nant over the matter. The police officials and the bakers interpret the law regarding the matter in a widely different way. It appears that the law of 1895. chapter 434, permits the `making and selling on the Sabbath by bakers and their employees of bread and other food. usually dealt in by them be-fore ten o'clock in the morning.' ":Now the question seems to hinge. chiefly on the interpretation .of the phrase, ' other food usually dealt in by them.' The bakeis hold that this in-cludes pork and beans; the police officials.hold the contrary opinion. The police offiCials, too, believe their view is sustained by the action of the court in the cases which came up last .week. "-At .any rate .the police department of Boston has set its intricate machinery at work to run to earth the succulent Sunday morning bean. No baker, so it is understood; will be allowed 'to sell pork and beans on Sunday mornings hereafter, and this attion, the police say, is based On an intelligent interpretation of the law governing Sunday selling." In these times Of riotous Outbreak's' and general increase of crime, it is nothing less than.Iidiculous for the government Of' a great city to concern itself  and waste its police energy over the question of whether the sale of beans ought to be allowed on Sunday. Such questions have no proper place in civil government. They belong wholly to the sphere of religious controversy, and are best settled by each person for himself by the dictates of his own conscience. The large cities have enough to do in making life and property secure within their limits, without giving time and .-attention to questions of theology. The matter of Sunday selling of goods is one that in -no way affects the life, liberty and property. rights of the people, until the government steps in to prohibit it; then the liberty and property rights of the people are at once invaded, and criminals are left more at liberty to prey upon good citizens in proportion as the energies of the police force are expended upon such inconsequent questions. In-deed, if the city government were to try to establish by law all the points of morality urged upon them by zealous people whose.ideal of government is a theocracy, the murderers and other criminals would have a very free field for their nefarious operations. 'There is certainly no call for the manufacture of new " crimes" to occupy the attention of the police. All such efforts can only detract from the security of society under civil' government. THIS item from the Springfield Republican is a nut that contains some solid meat: " In calling attention to the Christian sack of of Tien-Tsin, the Republican said that full reports from Peking were not in.. Details, however, are be-ginning to arrive. In an Associated Press dispatch it is stated:.  " ' The ministers remain in Peking. The city has been entirely looted except the palace, and auction sales of loot, in which valuable silks, furs and bronzes are the principal articles, are held daily. The chief bidders at these sales are army officers.' " Take facts as they are; and you find that pious and civilized Christendom has looted two rich Chi-nese cities within two months, while all that can be said of the Filipinos in this respect is that they -night have looted Manila, although they actually did not loot its si-ter city of Iloilo when they had a chance. The argument is, of course, that the Fili-pino ' savages' were incapable of self-government." IN all lands the 'view is the same to the Christidn when he looks toward homeŠthe world above. 