288 AlvmrtICA_N VOL. 8. No. 36. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 14, 1893. Axv one receiving the AMERICAN Susum u. without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked" Sample Copy." It is our invari able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Consolidated Street Railway Com-pany of Worcester, Mass., recently did some Sunday work on their tracks, upon which an indignation meeting was called by the ministers of that city to protest against a recurrence of the " desecration." IT is a little surprising to read that " Mgr. Satolli's recent visit to Cincinnati was not made without danger of attack at the hands of sectarian cranks." He was constantly attended by a body guard. But where one " sectarian crank " may have been ready to attack him, ten thou-sand milk-and-water Protestants(?) were ready to fawn upon him. GOVERNOR ALTGELD, of Illinois, has gone on record as saying that in all America there are not more than fifty anarchists. The Governor evidently forgot to count the American Sabbath Union-ists, who, by threats and intimidation, compelled Congress to violate the funda-mental law of the land in the passage of the Sunday-closing proviso. AN effort was made to induce Judge Ewing, of Chicago, to set aside Judge Goggin's order continuing for sixty days the proceedings in the Clingman injunc-tion, but on the 6th instant His Honor denied the motion, on the ground'that it would be a breach of judicial courtesy for him to take jurisdiction ,of the hearing. It now seems certain that the Fair will remain open on Sunday until the gates are finally closed the last of October. THE Christian Statesman says that Sun-day closing of the World's Fair has been "practically achieved," nevertheless the number of paid admissions on Sunday, September 3, was 25,439, of which 24,284 were adults who paid full price, while only 1,155 were children at twenty-five cents per head. The receipts for the day were, therefore, $12,307.75, beside the per-centages received from concessionaires. If this sort of Sunday closing satisfies the Sunday people, it must be because they are so accustomed to frauds and fakes that they would not know a genuine article if they were to see it. But no wonder, a counterfeit Sabbath naturally blinds them to every thing else. More-over, they all want to go to the Fair, but they pledged themselves not to go unless the gates were closed on Sunday; but now that the gates are not closed, nor are  they likely to be, the Sunday forces close their eyes instead to the open gates and visit the Fair just as everybody knew they would, notwithstanding all their bluster and pledges. THE Christian Advocate of the 24th ult., referring to mob violence in the South and West, says : " The cords that bind society together are being snapped at a fearful rate." It is too true; but what can we expect when the churches of the land set the example of mob law by over-riding the fundamental law of the Nation in compelling Congress by threats of po-litical boycott to enact unconstitutional laws ? THE Catholic Review complains of Prot-estant missionaries, that " in India, China and other parts of Asia, in Central Africa, with the help of British officers, they are exterminating the native Catholics and banishing priests and native rulers." The Independent takes this as an evidence that the missionaries are meeting, with success in their work. They certainly are, but if the Review states the case correctly, it is certainly not Christian work. A SUNDAY law paper remarks that "the decision rendered by Chief Justice Fuller, of the Supreme Court of the United States, has served to encourage and embolden the lawless, godless element of this country and their abettors, the Seventh-day Adventists, in opposing the Sabbath." It has done nothing of the kind. Chief Justice Fuller's decision had nothing to do with either Sunday or the Sabbath. The only question before Judge Fuller was the right of the United States to assume jurisdiction over the Fair grounds and usurp the powers both of the State of Illinois and of a corporation cre-ated under the laws of that State. So far as the fling at Seventh-day Adventists is concerned, it is true only in this, that they from the first consistently opposed any governmental interference in the matter, because it was a purely religious question, and legislation upon religious matters is forbidden by the Federal Con-stitution. Seventh-day Adventists respect that instrument as it reads. THE Nebraska City Evangelist says Chief Justice Fuller, in his famous decision in regard to Sunday opening of the Columbian Expo-sition, has published to the world that a contract has no moral binding force. He-does not say this in just these words, but it is evidently implied in what he does say. The Evangelist ought to remember that whatever may be true of contracts, the ninth commandment is still of binding force. Even religious papers have no right to bear false witness. Chief Justice Fuller's decision was simply to the effect that the United States had no jurisdiction over Jackson Park, in the city of Chicago, in the State of Illinois. The suit was not  brought to enforce a contract, but was brought on the assumption that the United States had control of the Fair. There is no excuse for lying about this matter. "THE Turkish authorities," remarks the Mail and Express, " have promised to protect American missionaries in that country. It is hoped that the State Department officials at Washington will insist on this promise being kept. If any thing happens in this country to the sub-ject of an inferior nation, the diplomats get to work immediately, and we are called on for explanations or reparation. Let us give other countries some of their own medicine and show to the world our disposition, and if necessary our ability to protect the God-fearing men and women who have abandoned the comforts of home to spread the light of the gospel among the ignorant." This is a strange mixture of religious cant and of irreligious bullying. It is the duty of the Government to protect its citizens everywhere, whether missionaries or not, but it is not Christian to "give other countries some of their own medi-cine." The Christian rule is, "All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." But govern-ments are not Christian; they are simply civil, and hence properly use force in per-petuating themselves and in defending their subjects, but they have no more duty in this respect toward missionaries than toward any other persons entitled to their protection. THE Evangel and Sabbath Outlook very pertinently remarks that the " growth of Roman Catholicism in New England is well known to those who study current events. Neither is it surprising when one remembers that ' Church authority' forms so large a part of the basis of Protestant faith. The end is not yet and Protestants must open their eyes to these facts or suffer the defeat which always accom-panies blindness, whether induced by in-difference or disobedience." "ANOTHER instance of courtesy from Protestant pastors to the Roman Catho-lics," says the Independent, "has occurred at Harrison, N. J., where the pastor of the Knox Presbyterian Church offered that church to Father Kernan for the use of his newly organized congregation until they could arrange for their own build-ing." What would sturdy old John Knox say to this were he still in the flesh? AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 80c - - 75c " - - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 44-  -  65c 1000 or more 100 to 249 44 4.4 250 to 499 " " " 500 to 999 " " " if 