4.MERICAN SENTINEL. " the logical consequence of either of the two great distinguishing principles of the Reformation, as well of justification by faith alone as the equality of all be,. lievers." To "accept the situation" then as it is to-day, is to allow that our fathers were wrong in creating the situa- tion which they labored so hard to create. And to allow that they were wrong in this, is to argue that the Ref-ormation, in its two great distinguishing principles, was wrong. And to do that is to occupy distinctly papal ground. Nor yet is this all. We have shown that the situa-tion which was created by our fathers in the total separ-ation of the Christian religion from governmental recog-nition, is precisely the situation which the words of Christ declare that governments should occupy. And our fathers caused this Government to occupy that situation because of their respect for the words of Christ which de-manded it; and because of deference to "the principles upon which the gospel was first propagated." To " accept the situation" then as it is to-day in the Government of the United States respecting the "Chris-tian religion," and which President Cleveland says "will have to " be accepted, is not only to allow that our fathers were wrong in excluding the Christian religion from governmental recognition, but it is also to argue that the principles upon which the gospel was first prop-agated, and even the very words of Christ, are wrong. And to do that, is to take the position of antichrist. Ind that is the situation as it is to-day. THE TWO SITUATIONS. There are then, in fact, two situations before the peo-ple of America to-day : First, the situation which was created by our fathers, when, by the fundamental princi-ples and the supreme law of the Government, and accord-ing to the words of Christ and the principles upon which the gospel was first propagated, they excluded the Chris-tian religion from governmental recognition. Secondly, the situation which, in spite of the words of Christ and the principles upon which the gospel was first propa-gated; and in spite of the fundamental principles and the supreme law of the Government; has been created to-day by the repeated governmental recognition of the "Christian religion." These are the two,  situations that are before the peo-ple of the United States to-day. The first is Christian: the second is antichristian. And ".it is not a theory, but a condition, which confronts us." For the President has plainly said, and there are multitudes who are ready, by whatever means, to make the saying effective, that " all will have to accept the situation" as it has been created latelyŠthe antichristian. situation. Calmly and deliberately, and in the fear of Christ, we say that we will not "have to " accept that situation. We will not "have to" do.it, simply because we will not do it. Not only this, but we are going to oppose it with all our mightŠnot on the field of carnage nor with  weapons of carnal warfare; but as our fathers did, in the field of public opinion, with "the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God," "with sufferings and the Cross." There are thousands of us now, and there are going to be thousands upon thousands of us before the contest is over, who will not " accept the situation," who will not "face the music." Christ or antichristŠthat is the question. Choose ye. As for us and our house, we choose Christ, the principles upon which the gospel was first prop'agated, the two great distinguishing principles of the Reformation, the Declaration of Independence,, and the Constitution of the United States. "Come with us and we will do thee good, for God has spoken good concerning Israel." IN the Christian Statesman, of December 19, 1896, Rev. J. N. Leiper, reporting the visit of the Anti-Saloon League to President Cleveland, a short time before, adds the following; and the italics are his own :Š " After this ceremony was over, the writer went back to the President, and, in the presence of a few others, said : Mr. President, I most earnestly thank you for the recognition of your Saviour and mine in your Thanks-giving proclamation.' I write this incident in order to give the President's reply, which deserves to be remem-bered by all citizens. After referring to the fact that he had been criticised for it by the Jews and some others, he remarked : ' We are a Christian nation, and we may as well face the music.' " That statement of the President's does certainly "de-serve to beremembered by all citizens," and by all others in the country. Indeed, there is not much likelihOod that they will have much opportunity to forget it. The real question is, Will they "face the music " ? -1,--416-4 Christianity and the State. " Of all the sages who have applied themselves to in-struct men and to render them good and happy, Jesus Christ is the only one who has not considered them under any political relation, and who has, in no circumstance, mingled with his instructions principles relative to the legislation of empires. Whatever be the influence of the gospel on human morality, neither Jesus Christ nor his disciples ever caused it to be understood that the evan-gelical institution should enter into the constitutional laws of nations. " The gospel is an entirely spiritual economy offered to mortals in so far as they have a destination ulterior to the ends of civil society, and above all, political rela-tions :, it is proposed to man as his second reason, as the supplement of his conscience, and not to society as a new subject of legislative measures. In short, the gospel has demanded, in appearing in the world, that men should receive it, and that governments should permit it. " Such is the external character which distinguishes it in its origin from all the other religions,which had tyr- 