erHE AMERICAN SRNTINEL. 179 and America for Illinois, could easily frame the lawsŠdeclaring that after a certain time, say three or six months, Ł everybody in the State shall, use the En-glish language exclusively, or else have his tongue cut, out ? That will bring the result, and speedily, which these present laws aim to secure. We know it will, for it has been tried with perfect success. Some years ago a certain province of Turkey spoke another than ,the Turkish language, This was deemed not to be good for the State. Therefore a decree went forth that after a certain time whoever should speak any language but the Turkish should have his tongue cut out. And we have it from a persOn who was there that the thing worked splendidly. It is true some of the people lost their tongues, but what was that, in view of the immense result ac-complished-r-the peace and safety of the State ! And. just now, even in this present month, that most excellent ruler, that fa-ther of his ' country, the Czar of all the Russias, has issued an edict, abolishing the Finnish tongue and establishing the Rus-sian only, in all the schools in Finland. We are not informed what penalties are attached to the law, but undoubtedly the mildness of temper that is characteristic of this model ruler will be expressed in penalties at the most no heavier than are those of these kindred laws in Wisconsin and Illinois. The opponents ' of the Bennett law in Wisconsin and its counterpart in Illinois are in the right. It is the same old con-test of justice against despotic power, of private rights against public wrongs, of the freedom of the individual against the despotism of the State. They are in the right, and we wish them unbounded suc-cess. Will the people of these two splendid States come back to the place of enlighten-ment and American civilization? Will they redeeni themselves from the reproach of Russian and Turkish despotism? We earnestly hope they will. A. T. J. Senator Blair's Educational Bill. SENATOR BLAIR is attempting some very dangermis experiments, in the name of learning and religion. His Educational Bill is of doubtful utility, and of more than doubtful expediency: There is no evidence that education will be perma-nently benefited by putting the Federal Government in control of it, and aiding it for a fixed term of years out of the Federal treasury. The people should sustain pop-ular 'education for its own sake. Our Government rests upon the intelligence of the masses, but it is a Voluntary intelli-gence. The fitness of the people for self-goVernment lies in their voluntary en-lightenment. When they reach: a point at 'which the Government has to*  force  them to fit themselves for self-government, there will be danger abroad that larger statesmanship than Blair's will have to deal with. His measure tends to reduce the spirit of self help amongst the people, to turn their faces toward Washington, and look to the Federal Government for that which they should do for themselves. In this sense the help he intends to give to popular education will hurt it more than it has ever been hurt before. Edu-cation is as much the personal concern of every American as is obedience to the laws which all have made. Pride in him-self, in his citizenship, in his country, is the proper motive for supporting public schools and general culture, and for. this Mr. Blair's aims will be a sorry substitute. ŠSan Francisco Alta, The Public-School Question. THE common schools are our national idol. Like all idols this American tute-lary genius exercises a peculiar spell over its votaries and has the faculty of stupe-fying and stultifying them ad libitum. A most glaring instance of over-zeal and folly in this noble cause is the recent leg-islation of Wisconsin and Illinois against the parochial schools which abound in those States. These two State have an immense Lu-theran population, which has come mostly from Germany and northern Europe. They are people of enlightened and ear-nest religious convictions, many of them having come here to enjoy, unhampered by statecraft and uncorrupted by ration-alism, their pure, evangelical, Protestant faith. To inculcate this precious faith in their children is with them one of the pri-mary functions of the Christian Church, a duty to which she cannot be derelict. Hence they maintain at great expense in every congregation, a parish school in which for the first hour of every day the children receive instruction in the Chris-tian religion. They have no hostility to our common schools. They laud them as one of the noblest products and supports of the State. They are perfectly willing to be taxed for their maintenance, although deriving lit-tle direct profit from them. They are accustomed to send such of their children as can prosecute a further course of study, to the higher grades of the public schools, where their primary training is found quite equal to that furnished by the public school. They have not in a single instance asked for a portion of the school fund. In cities where, by co-operation with the Ro-manists, they could easily have succeeded in getting exemption from school taxes, or securing a fair portion of the fund, they have repelled with scorn the proposal for united action, protesting that in this mat-ter they had nothing in common with Ro-man Catholics. But while in the fullest accord with the American school system,  they recognize that it is purely and neces-sarily secular, that the all-important ele-ment of true education is absolutely ex-cluded. Hence they propose to supplement State education with Christian education; and very properly this supplement comes first in order, since all admit that the earliest religious impressions become the deepest and most abiding. The hearts and minds of the children are filled with the knowledge of divine truth, and then the State may take charge of their further in-struction. All this, it must be acknowledged, is at once accordant with the purest patriotism, and the best type of Christianity. And so far, the State could have no possible pretext for breaking up these parish schools. But a pretext is offered on the score of language. Many of these people have not been long enough in this country to have acquired the English language. And some communities are so exclusively made up of Germans or Scandinavians that the vernacular which they brought with them to this country still prevails, and it is said that there are even natives who cannot read, write, or understand English. There is, again, no opposition to the use of English. Dear as is the mother tongue which embalms the hal-lowed traditions and associations of a peo-ple, the hymns and the prayers of their religion, these new comers are sufficiently intelligent to understand the significance of their American citizenship to their childrenŠand that to contend with others in the race of life, they must master the language of the country. And whoever saw a young German or Scandinavian that was not eager to speak English, no matter how much amusement was caused by his broken efforts ? Whenever it is practicable, the parish schools teach some of the branches in English. In many of them it is the me-dium of instruction for half the day, and the children outside the school room speak almost exclusively English. Yet as large bodies of emigrants continue to arrive, forming new communities and churches, cases continue to arise where a suitable teacher who can use English as the me-dium of instruction cannot be found, or where the children are as yet so absolutely ignorant of English, that to use that lan-guage as the medium of instruction would be the height of absurdity. You might as well make Greek the vehicle of instruc-tion in our primary schools. Yet this is just what these political wiseacres say must be doneŠthe element-ary branches must be taught in English, whether the children can understand a word of it or not, whether the teacher is capable of using it, or whether he is not. The police are to drag the children out of the Christian schools, where there is no English taught, and force them into the schools of the State, even though they un-derstand not a word that is uttered there. 