AMERICAN SENTINEL. 235 piling candidates for office with a wholesome respect for their opinions, and a reluctance to antagonize them on questions of public administration. And so, they produce " a platform," and show a strength of numbers behind it. And this political party work, they call "Re-form." THE clergy and "Sabbath societies" of the State o New York are up in arms over a bill introduced in the legislature calculated to produce an increase of Sunday labor. It gives to the Chief of Police in the cities power to issue permits to employers for the running of their places of business on Sunday, provided the work done be work of necessity. The authority to decide in an in-stance of Sunday work whether it was of necessity or not, seems to reside now in the "walking delegate" of the federations of labor. In this connection it is pertinent to inquire by what rule "works of necessity" on Sunday are to be distin-guished from other works? If there is no rule of prac-tical value, it must be admitted that Sunday laws ought to be considered void on the ground of indefinite-ness. More Sunday Legislation in Maine. BY M. G. FlUFFMAN. SUNDAY legislation seems to be the order of the day. Such work is, or has been, going on in every direction during the winter, Maine not excepted, notwithstanding she prides herself on her liberality, and boasts of her con-stitution, which guarantees to every man the right to worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science. Four years ago a bill was presented to the legislature early in its session asking that laws be enacted which would prohibit Sunday excursions by railroad companies and steamboats, and properly regulate Sunday traffic, hoping thereby to return to the typical New England ob-servance of the Lord's day. The bill was referred to the Committee on Legal Affairs, before which a hearing was granted. Ministers of the various denominations were well represented and pleaded earnestly in behalf of the bill, claiming that it was the poor laboring man they were wanting to see protected, but the principal speaker in defense of the bill said In his closing remarks: "Give us a law to protect Sunday and,the Church will do the rest." Doubtless if that bill had passed and become a law, many honest, conscientious people in the State of Maine would have learned long ere this, by sad experi-ences, just what "the rest" meant, and the evil that is behind the whole movement. But the bill was defeated, just as every like bill should  be. The committee voted unanimously to give the peti tioners leave to withdraw, which meant death to the whole matter, at least so far as that bill was concerned. The action of the committee gave the petitioners such a set-back, that they denounced the legislature with pen and voice for so forgetting their position as to treat such a measure with laughter and ridicule. Even the press heralded far and wide that the Maine legislature laughed at a bill aiming to suppress violation of the sabbath The bill four years ago received such a blow that it seems as though the Sunday agitators had not as yet wholly recovered from the shock they then received. Another attempt was made this winter, not so bold as the former one however. The effort this time was not made directly by the ministers, but through lawyer L. T. Carleton, of Winthrop, Maine, Chairman of the Fish and Game Commissioners. Mr. Carleton drew up and presented to the House of Representatives, through a representative from Cornville, Maine, the following bill:Š " Whoever on the Lord's day fires or discharges any rifle, Ahot-gun, revolver, pistol, or other fire-arm, except as an act of necessity, shall be punished by a fine of $10 and cost of prosecution for each offense." The title of the bill was, "A better observance of the Lord's day." A hearing on the bill was granted March 3 before the Committee on Legal Affairs; the bill was very mild in form, and on the surface seemed quite, harmless. Mr. Carleton appeared before the committee in Łfavor of the. bill. He said that he had given the matter but little or no thought, hence knew .but little or nothing about the subject. He further said that personally he had but little interest in the matter either one way or the other, but the people throughout the State of Maine were writing to him asking him to appear before the committee and plead in behalf of the measure, and he said that he was very much surprised on coming to Augusta, to find any opposition to so modest a request, asking for a law to be enacted to procure a better observance of the Lord's day. Ł He claimed that it was not at all a religious docu-ment, and did not pretend to be one; it was simply a law to protect birds that he wanted; but whether Mr. Carleton was or was not interested in the measure, there is no doubt but that the same evil motive was behind, and under this movement that is behind all these Sunday agitations, notwithstanding it was presented under the pretense of procuring a law to protect birds instead of the poor working man, although the bill said nothing about birds. The writer appeared before the committee in opposi-tion to the bill, on the ground that it was a religious measure, and, if passed would tend to unite Church and State, and thus conflict with the right to worship God according to the dictates of one's own conscience, and with the right which the constitution of Maine so fully guarantees to every man. The following conversation took place:Š "Ma. 1117FFIMAN.-Mr. Chairman of the Committee, 