ERICAN SENTIN "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM N&T."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 18, 1897. VOL. 12, No. 7. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. 461-Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) THE Sabbath is a sign which the Lord has estab-lished: and "the seventh day is the Sabbath." God has established this sign between Himself and the believer in Him, that the believer may know that He is the Lord the true God. Therefore it is written: "Hallow my Sabbaths, and they shall be a sign between me and you, that ye may know that I am the Lord your God." Eze. 20:20. The first of all things that God is to any other per-son or thing, is-Creator. Unless He creates, there can be no existence of any person or thing but Himself. As the Sabbath is the sign by which the believer may know that the Lord is God, it must first of all be a sign by which He may be known as the Creator of all things. Therefore it is written, "It is a sign between me and the children of Israel forever; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day he rested and was refreshed." Ex. 31:17. Thus the "seventh day," by, being made the Sabbath, has been established by the Lord of heaven and earth as the sign by which it may be known that He is the Lord, the true God. As the seventh day has been established by the Lord as the sign by which it may be known that He is the Lord; it follows, in the nature of the case, that the Lord has connected with the seventh day that which is sugges-tive of what He is to the man who believes Him: Yet all that God is to men, He is in Christ. All that men can know of God is through Christ. For it is writ-ten, "No man knoweth the Father, save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal Him." Then as the seventh day is the sign by which it may  be known that the Lord is God; and as God can be known only through the revelation,of Christ, it follows that the seventh day is the sign by which it may be known what Christ is, and what God in Christ is, to men. And as the seventh day is the sign which God has established by which men may know what Christ is, what God in Christ is, to men, it certainly follows that the Lord has connected with the seventh day, that which is suggestive of what Christ i§ to all who believe in Him. We have seen already that it is a sign of the creative power and act of the LordŠ" It is a sign between me and the children of Israel forever; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day He rested and was refreshed." And now since men have sinned, the believer is "His workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them." Thus the seventh day being the sign, the memorial, of the creative power and act of the Lord, is as truly the sign, the memorial, of that creative power and act in making the individual Christian as it is in the making of the worlds. Creative power being the same wherever manifested, the sign of that power is also the same in all places and at all times that that power is manifested. In other words, the sign of the power is, it must be, as continuous as is the manifestation of the power Of which it is the sign. Therefore as creative power is continually manifested in the individual Christian, and as the seventh day is the sign of the manifestation of that power, it is certain that this sign must be worn by every one who would show true respect and allegiance to the power that has created him. This is why it is that the Sabbath of the Lord, the seventh day, is given by Him as the sign to be worn by every one who recognizes and receives in his own life the working of that power which creates him new in Christ Jesus, that power that makes him a new creature, or rather, a new creation. But the significance and appropriateness of this sign 