130 A.M1H4111[40.A.NT R1h.,NrIPINTIHAL.d. VOL. 9, No. 17. cultural pursuits. Though virtually a heathen statute, it was enforced by the emperor after his nominal acceptance of Christianity. The royal mandate not proving a suf-ficient substitute for divine authority, Eusebius, a bishop who sought the favor of princes, and who was the special friend and flatterer of Constantine, advanced the claim that Christ had transferred the Sabbath to Sunday. Not a single testi-mony of the Scriptures was produced in proof of the new doctrine. Eusebius him-self unwittingly acknowledges its falsity, and points to the real authors of the change. "All things," he says, "what-soever that it was duty to do on the Sab-bath, these we have transferred to the L'n.d's day." But the Sunday argument, groundless as it was, served to embolden men in trampling upon the Sabbath of the Lord. All who desired to be honored by the world accepted the popular festival. As the papacy became firmly estab-lished, the work of Sunday exaltation was continued. For a time the people engaged in agricultural labor when not attending church, and the seventh day< was still regarded as the Sabbath. But steadily a change was effected. Those in holy office were forbidden to pass judgment in any civil controversy on the Sunday. Soon after, all persons, of whatever rank, were commanded to refrain from common labor, on pain of a fine for freemen, and stripes in the case of servants. Later it was decreed, that rich men should be punished with the loss of half of their estates; and finally, that if still obstinate, they should be made slaves. The lower classes were to suffer perpetual banishment. Miracles also were called into requisi-tion. Among other wonders it was re-ported that as a husbandman who was about to plow his field on Sunday, cleaned his plow with an iron, the iron stuck fast in his hand, and for two years he carried it about with him, " to his exceeding great pain and shame." Later, the pope gave directions that the parish priest should admonish the violators of Sunday, and wish them to go to church and say their prayers, lest they bring some great calamity on themselves and neigh-bors. . . . s The decrees of councils proving insuffi-cient, the secular authorities were besought to issue an edict that would strike terror to the hearts of the people, and force them to refrain from labor on the Sunday. At a synod held in Rome, all previous deci-sions were reaffirmed with greater force and solemnity. They were also incorpo-rated into the ecclesiastical law, and en-forced by the civil authorities throughout nearly all Christendom. Still the absence of scriptural authority for Sunday-keeping occasioned no little embarrassment. The people questioned the right of their teachers to set aside the positive declaration of Jehovah, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," in order to honor the day of the sun. To supply the lack of Bible testi-mony, other expedients were necessary. A zealous advocate of Sunday, who, about the close of the twelfth century, visited the churches of England, was resisted by faithful witnesses for the truth; and so fruitless were his efforts that he departed from the country for a season, and cast about him for some means to enforce his teachings. When he returned, the lack was supplied, and in his after-labors he met with greater success. He brought  with him a roll purporting to be from God himself, which contained the needed com-mand for Sunday observance, with awful threats to terrify the disobedient. This precious documentŠas base a counterfeit as the institution it supportedŠwas said to have fallen from heaven, and to have been found in Jerusalem, upon the altar of St. Simeon, in Golgotha. But in fact, the pontifical palace at Rome was the source whence it proceeded. Frauds and forgeries to advance the power and pros-perity of the church have in all ages been esteemed lawful by the papal hierarchy. The roll forbade labor from the ninth hour, three o'clock, on Saturday after-noon, till sunrise on Monday; and its authority was declared to be confirmed by many miracles. . . In Scotland, as in England, a greater regard for Sunday was secured by uniting with it a portion of the ancient Sabbath. But the time required to be kept holy varied. An edict from the king of Scot-land declared that Saturday from twelve at noon ought to be accounted holy, and that no man, from that time till Monday morning, should engage in worldly busi-ness. But notwithstanding all the efforts to establish Sunday sacredness, papists them-selves publicly confessed the divine au-thority of the Sabbath, and the human origin of the institution by which it had been supplanted. In the sixteenth cen-tury a papal council plainly declared : " Let all Christians remember that the seventh day was consecrated by God, and hath been received and observed, not only by the Jews, but by all others who pre-tend to worship God; though we Chris-tians have changed their Sabbath into the Lord's day." Those who were tampering with the divine law were not ignorant of the character of their work. They were deliberately setting themselves above God. A striking illustration of Rome's policy toward those who disagree with her was given in the long and bloody persecution of the Waldenses, some of whom were observers of the Sabbath. Others suffergd in a similar manner for their fidelity to the fourth commandment. The history of the churches of Ethiopia and Abyssinia is especially significant. Amid the gloom of the Dark Ages, the Christians of Cen-tral Africa were lost sight of and forgotten by the world, and for many centuries they enjoyed freedom in the exercise of their faith. But at last Rome learned of their existence, and the emperor of Abyssinia was soon beguiled into an acknowledg-ment of the pope as the vicar of Christ. Other concessions followed. An edict was issued forbidding the observance of the Sabbath under the severest penalties. But papal tyranny soon became a yoke so gall-ing that the Abyssinians determined to break it from their necks. After a terri-ble struggle, the Romanists were banished from their dominions, and the ancient faith was restored. The churches rejoiced in their freedom, and they never forgot the lesson they had learned concerning the deception, the fanaticism; and the despotic power of Rome. Within their solitary realm they were content to re-main, unknown to the rest of Christendom. The churches of Africa held the Sabbath as it was held by the papal church before her complete apostasy. While they kept the seventh day in obedience to the com-mandment of God, they abstained from labor on the Sunday in conformity to the custom of the church. Upon obtaining  supreme power, Rome had trampled upon the Sabbath of God to exalt her own; but the churches of Africa, hidden for nearly a thousand years, did not share in this apostasy. When brought under the sway of Rome, they were forced to set aside the true and exalt the false Sabbath; but no sooner had they regained their independ-ence than they returned to obedience to the fourth commandment. These records of the past clearly reveal the enmity of Rome toward the true Sab-bath and its defenders, and the means which she employs to honor the institu-tion of her creating. The word of God teaches that these scenes are to be repeated as papists and Protestants shall unite for the exaltation of the Sunday. The prophecy of Revelation 13 declares that the power represented by the beast with lamb-like horns shall cause " the earth and them which dwell therein " to worship the papacyŠthere symbolized by the beast " like unto a leopard." The beast with two horns is also to say " to them that dwell on the earth, that they Vhould make an image to the beast;" and, furthermore, it is to command all, "both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond," to receive " the mark of the beast." It has been shown that the United States is the power represented by the beast with lamb-like horns, and that this prophecy will be fulfilled when the United States shall enforce Sunday observance, which Rome claims as the special ac-knowledgment of her supremacy. But in this homage to the papacy the -United States will not be alone. The influence of Rome in the countries that once acknowledged her dominion, is still far from being de-stroyed. And prophecy foretells a resto-ration of her power. " I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death; and his deadly wound was healed; and all the world wondered after the beast." The infliction of the deadly wound points to the abolition of the papacy in 1798. After this, says the prophet, " His deadly wound was healed; and all the world wondered after the beast." Paul states plainly that the man of sin will continue until the second advent. To the very close of time he will carry forward his work of deception. And the Revelator declares, also referring to the papacy, "All that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life." In both the Old and the New World, papacy will receive homage in the honor paid to the Sunday institution, that rests solely upon the authority of the Romish Church. For about forty years, students of prophecy in the United States have pre-sented this testimony to the world. In the events now taking place is seen a rapid advance toward the fulfillment of the pre-diction. With Protestant teachers there is the same claim of divine authority for Sunday-keeping, and the same lack of scriptural evidence, as with the papist leaders who fabricated miracles to supply the place of a coMmand from God. The assertion that God's judgments are visited upon men for their violation of the Sun-day-sabbath, will be repeated; already it is beginning to be urged. And a move-ment to enforce Sunday observance is fast gaining ground. Marvelous in her shrewdness and cun-ning is the Romish Church. She can read what is to be. She bides her time, seeing that the Protestant churches are paying her homage in their acceptance of the 