220 Tun AMERICAN SENTINnt. theocracy, pure and simple. And everyone knows that a theocracy is the very opposite of a republic. 2. There was no legislative department in the government. A republic was well described by President Lincoln, as a government " of the peo-ple, by the people, and for the people." But no such government was instituted at Sinai, or at any other place or time, for Israel. Even Moses, the highest among them, was not a legislator; Moses never made any laws. He enforced that, andthat only, which he received directly from the Lord. 3. The seventy elders were not legislators; they never made any laws. They did not constitute a " Congress " in any sense in which that. word is used in a republic or in any representative gov-ernment. The Statesman and its correspondents can only make these assertions good by pointing to the act by which they were constituted a legis-lative body, or pointing to some law which they enacted. This they cannot do. But by their failure to do this they will stand ,Ionvicted of mis-representing the Bible to serve the purpose of their worldly ambition. There is not a Sunday-school scholar in the land, of intelligence and study, who does not know that God alone gave laws to Israel, which Moses and the seventy elders were to enforce and administer, with the explicit direction to add nothing to them, nor take *anything from them. 4. The partriarchal system existed to the time of the exode. " Elders" were aged men, heads of families or tribes. The father of the family was priest and ruler, no matter how old his sons might be nor how numerous their families. And his pre-rogative descended to the first-born. This order continued until the Lord chose one family to serve as priests for the Nation. At first elders were such in this sense only. 5. The Lord directed that seventy " from the elders" be selected by MosesŠnot making or to make them elders, butŠbecause they were elders. The word of the Lord was as follows:Š " And the Lord said unto Moses, Gather unto me seventy men of the elders of Israel, whom thou knowest to be the elders of the people, and officers over them; and bring 'them unto the tabernacle- of the congregation, that they may stand there with thee. And I will come down and talk with thee there; and I will take of the spirit which is upon thee, and will put it upon them ; and they shall bear the burden of the people with thee, that thou bear it not thyself alone." " And the Lord came down in a cloud, and spake unto him, and took of the spirit that was upon him, and gave it unto the seventy elders; and it came to pass, that, when the spirit rested upon them, they prophesied, and did not cease." Num. 11: 16, 17, 25. 6. The assertion that the people were sover-eign" is false even to an absurdity. They possessed no sovereignty in the government in any ' respect whatever. Neither the people, nor Moses, nor the seventy, were consulted in regard to the laws they.  were to obey, or to the penalties to be enforced. They entered-into covenant with God to be his people and to obey him, but God con-ferred no legislative power upon any of them. 7. Although the government was a theocracy, under- the immediate and sole direction of God, the religious and civil elements were kept distinct, the priests having no inheritance with the tribes, and all but those designated by the Lord as priests being ineligible to the priesthood. All  religious rites being ordered by the Lord, the civil rulers had no authority to control them, or interfere in their performance. The prophets through whom the Lord directed the affairs of the Government, might or might not be priests. Sometimes this office was given to women. All was ordered of the Lord, and the people had no voice in any of these matters. The people finally demanded a king, not to better their government, but to be as the nations around them; Though the Lord listened to their request, the thing displeased him. He said it was equivalent to rejecting him as their ruler. He gave them a king, but he reserved to himself the right to chOose the king for them. Even in this they were not consulted. Saul was chosen of the Lord and anointed before the people knew anything about him. He was rejectedŠ not by the people, but by the LordŠand David was chosen and anointed in like manner, without the knowledge of the people. And the powers of the king were so limited by the rules and laws which were given to them, that Israel was once sorely afflicted because King David presumed to take a census of the people without consulting the Lord 9. The religious rites of Israel were mostly types, not models to be followed by future govern-ments. And no government could adopt them as models without'denying the priesthood of Christ, the antitype. And now, reader, we leave it to you to judge- in this matter. Was there any semblance of a republic in the government of Israel, in any period of its history.? Are not the Amend-mentists guilty of deception in trying to palm off such statements as those we have quoted, as historical truths of the Bible? We have claimed. and we insist, that their movement contemplates an entire change in the structure of our Govern-ment. It is impossible to carry their plans into effect, and retain the republican features of our government. The rights of certain classes of citizens will be ruthlessly trampled under foot as surely as they succeed in changing the Constitu-tion as they desire and intend to do. But one other feature of their contemplated work will now be noticed. It is closely related to the subject herein considered. By them Ł it is termed " Bible legislation." We quote again the words of a writer in the Statesman:Š "But the changes will come gradually, and proba-bly only after the whole framework of Bible legisla-tion has been thoroughly canvassed by Congress and State Legislatures, by the Supreme Courts of the United States and of the several States, and by law-yers and citizens generally." What is meant by "Bible.legislation " ? Noth-ing else but legislation upon the Bible and its teachings. This writer says that "the chief dis-cussions and final decisions of most points will be developed in the churches." But we deny the right of Congress, Legislatures, Courts, lawyers, and also of the churches, to legislate concerning the doctrines and duties contained in the Bible. When they propose to do this, we ask them to show their credentials. Who gives tbem author-ity to enter upon any such work ? Was this the province of the " Congress " of Israel, to "legis- late " concerning what God commanded them to do and to teach ? Where is the evidence ? Such power was never committed even to the apostles of 'Christ. They taught that which they re-ceived by revelation ; and they taught that at the death of the testator the covenant was ratified, and nothing could thereafter be added to it. Their office was neither legislative nor executive, but ministerial. But certain ones are now dis-satisfied with tbe heavenly calling of " anabassa= dors for Christ ; " they choose rather to be self-appointed legislators and executives; they aspire to a position to which God never appointed mortal man. Now, no one can legislate upon a matter which is above his authority; and he who legislates upon the Bible, and declares authoritatively what man may and may not do in regard to the word of God; and how man must and must not receive its precepts, truly exalts himself above the word of the Most High. Jehovah has magnified his word above all his name (Ps. 138: 2), and his righteous justice will not long suffer such an insult to his authority.--.T. II. Waggoner, 1886. A Milwaukee Pastor on Sunday Laws. ACCORDING to the Milwaukee Sentinel of June 17, Rev. T. D. Forbush, one of the pastors of that city, in his sermon on the previous day, discussed the "Sabbath Question," and in the course of his remarks said some very good things. The reader will observe that in paragraphs which we quote from the published report of this sermon the term "Sabbatarian" is applied to those who advocate stringent Sunday observance; but according to lexicographers the term is properly applied only to those who observe the seventh day. We make this explanation so that none may misun-derstand Mr. Forbush's meaning. He said: It has long been the, desire of the Sabbata-rians in some way to make Sabbath observance compulsory; there is a movement looking to the union eventually of Church and State, and a young man ;was imported here last Sunday to teach the principles of this movement. The Sabbatarians believe that because a thing seems to them to be desired it should be enforced by statute, an idea that has been held by fanatics for a long time, and who seek to make people mis-erable by revamping old-time laws that caused infinite misery in their time. The movement, I am sorry to say, has found the W. C. T. U. will-ing to stand sponsor to it. I consider the W. C. T. U. a grand order, but I regret that it should join in the Sabbatarian movement and seek to maintain moral and religious ideas by the power of the State. " It is safer to follow the counsel of Madison and Jefferson and Washington and Franklin in such things than that of Miss Willard and Mrs. Livermore. The Government has covenanted never to interfere in man's belief, and to force the views of some men on others is to go contrary to the republican form of government. The Sab-batarians hold that Sunday is for religion, and that deviation from that idea is sin. The Rev. Mr. Crafts said that the movement's work was as two arms. The right arm was the desire for Sabbath observance for religion's sake; the left, its observ-ance for the benefit of the people in a secular way. However, the movement puts its left arm forward. It is ready to tell the people what they shall not do as a duty to the State, but not quite ready to say what they must do for religion. It is clear that when by the left, arm they have re-stricted Sunday conduct, the right arm would come forward and enforce conformity to their ideas of worship. The spirit that begins by prohibiting "will end by proscribing." Then, continuing, Mr. Forbush said :- - "Do not think-that I hold Sunday lightly. I believe in it as a day 'when care can be laid aside; 