.7! *A. Equal and exact justice to all meg, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 23, 1890. NUMBER 42. The American Sentinel. DDELISRED WEEKLY, BY TES PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISIXING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. I3titered at the NOW York Post OftIce as Second. Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLISAN, W. H. Mc KsE. "THE, tight arm of the American Sab-bath Union," says Mr. Crafts, "is the promotion of the religious Sabbath; its left arm the preservation of the civil Sab-bath. These two thingsŠthe Christian Sabbath on the one hand, and the Amer-ican. Sabbath on the other hand Šare as distinct as my two arms, that resemble and 0e-operate, and yet are by no means the 'same." And as it is usually the office of the left arm to assist the right, so the office of the "civil Sabbath " is to assist in forcing -the observance of a religious in-stitution upon the American people. Ł Ł Ł A CHURCH paper says: " There are ten Million pupils in the Sunday-schools of the country. A better showing ought to be made in morals, but the fact is, thou-ands leave the Sunday-school for the saloon, and the downward path in other directions. There is certainly a failure somewhere." Yes, there is a failure; and the reason is found in the fact that too many depend far too much upon the Sunday-school to give their children re-ligious instruction. No school instruction can possibly take the place of the religious instruction that should be given in the home. COMMENTING upon Mr. Crafts's proposed Sunday legislation, the Denver News says:Š Religious freedom to the churches and church people consists in the right to be protected from annoyance, and to others in the right to enjoy Sun-day rest according to their own judgment. . . . But according to the best estimate less than half  the population of the United States have any kind of association with the ehtFehes.  Would it not be just to consider the rights of the other half in formulating laws for *today observance ? Is not this especially true if .Mr. Crafts is correct in basing his proposed legislation wholly on civil authority ? This is a pertinent question, but as usual Mr. Crafts ignores it. He wants only a civil Sunday lawŠbut he wants it so framed and so enforced that it will in-cidentally contribute to the religious ob-servance of the day. He says: "Take the religion out and you take the rest out." And so he proposes that his " civil " law shall "incidentally" guard religion. A fine scheme truly! Who Are the Traitors? A CORRESPONDENT of America, who signs himself " An American from Choice," in reproving the Lutherans for their ob-jections to the Bennett law of Wisconsin, says :Š It is quite evident from this objection to the com-pulsory school law, that no amendment, short of a repeal of the compulsory feature, will satisfy the German Lutheran Committee, and that those same Lutherans do not consider the American public school adapted to the educational needs of .a Chris-tian family. The Lutherans are not the only ones, by any means, who do not consider the Amer-ican public schools, or any other public schools, adapted to the needs of a Chris-tian family. He would be a queer kind of a Christian indeed who would consider it so. The American public school is not a Christian school. America is not a Christian nation. The education which it proposes to give is not a Christian educa-tion; and in the, nature of the case it is impossible for it to give such education. Consequently the American public school never can be, adapted to the educational needs of a Christian family. But the opponents of religion in the public school are not the opponents of the public school. On the other hand, they are the friends of the public school and the best friends it has; because just as soon as it becomes a settled thing that  the public school shall undertake to supply the educational needs of a Chris- tian family, or teach religion in any way, it ceases to be a, public school and becomes but a mere sectarian thing, through which the power of the State is exerted to com-pel the people to receive the dictates of a certain class in matters of religion. Then the public school becomes of no worth whatever to anybody, but only a channel through which a religious despotism can be exerted. Therefore, those who favor the teaching of religion in the public school do, in fact, favor the destruction of the public school, and in that the de-struction of the AmeriCan State, that is, the free State; and the substitution for it of the European State, that is, a despotism. Yet, this correspondent- admits that " the public school has not of itself an absolute claim upon the attendance of all children living within its jurisdiction." But at the same time he argues that the private school shall be subject to public, control, which virtually makes all schools public, and contradicts his admission that the public school has not an absolute claim on the attendance of the children; and he says that " from such control there shall be no exemption on any pretense whatever." This is again a contradiction to the ad-mission that he had already made, because if a public school has not an absolute claim upon all the children living within its jurisdiction, then what right has it to exert an absolute control with no exemp-tion whatever ? This is only to say that the State can exercise absolute control where it has no absolute claim. Next he argues that the public school is a part of the Government, and says:Š If the public school.  is a part of the Government, then any sect or other body of men, denying that the public school is a place where their children can be educated without violating their consciences, must be considered as hostile to the GovernmentŠin this case, the people of the United StatesŠand, if they claim citizenship in the United States, as traitors to their Nation. Such despotic principles as these need no comment. They furnish their own comment. It would be well if those 