AUGUST 9, 1894. CAIN' SIN-9171[N-1E11_,0 251 Corruption are appearing on every side; what, would once have set the country on fire with righteous indignation and fear . are now stated as matters of everyday occurrence. " And what will ye do in the end thereof ?"ŠNew York Christian Advocate. And worse yet, nobody is righteously indignant. The only reason such things are questioned at all is to mal4e political capital for the party making the expos4. Ł The Definite Definite Seventh Day. WHEN God said, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work," he designated a definite day to be observed alike by all men. To suppose, as some claim, that the Sabbath of the Lord has not a partic-ular, specified place in the succession of days which make up the months and years of time, but is any one day out of seven which men may chance to select for rest and worship, is to charge God foolishly. "God is not the author of confusion; " nor has he left it to tthe caprice or self-interest of man to determine the day upon which his Sabbath shall be kept. Of this he has given us abundant evidence in his word. The Sabbath is God's rest day. It was instituted at creation; for, "in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed she Sabbath day and hallowed it." From creation, therefore, each recurring seventh day has been the day upon which God rested, and therefore the Sabbath .lay; for any day upon which God did not rest could 'not be his Sabbath. While any (lay can be one day out of seven, only one day can be the one on which he rested; and that day, as he tells us, is the seventh day. Notice also the language of the Sabbath commandment: "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates." God rested on the first seventh day, and thus pointed out and fixed the seventh -day in the calendar of our first parents, Adam and Eve. The children of Adam and Eve did not inaugurate a new reckoning, but learned from them which day was the seventh day, and thus it has been with all the people of God from that day to this, for each parent would, in obeying the Sabbath commandment, be obliged to instruct both son and daughter, man-servant and..maidservant, in their duty to refrain from work on the Sabbath day. So long as the commandment was ob-served by parents, there could be no ques-tion about which day was the Sabbath in the minds of the children; and had the commandment not been violated, no ques-tion of that nature could ever have arisen. But God has always had at least a few faithful followers in all ages of the world, and through these the definite Sabbath day has come down to us, which God pointed out at creation. During the forty years' wandering of the children of Israel in the wilderness, God designated by miracles the day which was his Sabbath; for on the sixth day he sent a double portion of manna from -heaven, and withheld all manna on the seventh day, and preserved what was kept  over from the sixth day to the seventh, so that it was not corrupt, as it would have been on other days. If there had been any, disposition on the part of the Israel-ites to select their own Sabbath day,Što choose any one day in seven, as some peo-ple claim the right to do now, it must have been effectually corrected by this emphatic testimony from the Lord. And that testimony has lost none of its force at the present time. If the Sabbath was a particular, definite day then, not left to be determined by the choice of man, it must be so now. God does not change, his law does not change, and the obliga-tion of man to his law does not change with the lapse of years. The seventh day has never lost its iden-tity from creation down to the present time. The day, marked by the unchang-ing revolution of the earth, and the week, marked by the six days of creation and the seventh day Sabbath, are divisions of time marked off by God himself; and they have continued unchanged through all tie ages. The seventh day of the week isx the days of Adam, is the seventh day of the week' at the present time, as it ever has been. " The Sabbath day according to the commandment," which followed the " preparation " day and immediately pre-ceded the first day of the week at the time of the crucifixion and resurrection of Christ (Luke 23: 54-56 ; 24: 1), is the Sab-bath day according to the commandment now. And happy is he who is willing to accept and observe the day God has des-ignated, rather than a day that has been chosen by man.ŠPresent Truth, London, England. Is Man Immortal? THE following letter demands respectful consideration because of its candid tone :- - ORTHODOXLY INSANE." Enrrons AMERICAN SENTINEL :ŠIn an editorial of July 5th, under the above title, you haveŠuncon-seiously no doubtŠlaid yourself liable to the criticisms of many thoughtful readers. In attributing the mur-der and suicide referred to, to the " orthodoxy " of the demented father, you certainly forgot that a very prominent article in the creed of " orthodoxy " is that " No murderer hath eternal life abiding in him," so that true "orthodoxy," had he possessed it,Šor rather, had it possessed him, would have prevented the shocking tragedy you mention. Your quotations from EcclesiastesŠ" The dead know not anything," and from JobŠ" His sons come to honor and he knoweth it not," and from the PsalmsŠ"In that very day his thoUghts perish;" come far short of teaching the unconscious conditiox of man after the body crumbles back to its native dust, even if there were not numerous declarations of the Scrip-tures positively teaching the opposite view, as Eccl. 12: 7Š" Then shall the dust return to the earth as it was, and the spirit shall return unto God who gave it."ŠBefore you reply that the term " spirit " means nothing but the mere "breath" or air that, in one sense keeps man alive, please examine Job 15th chap-ter and 13th verse, compared with the latter part of the 25th verse of the same chapter, where it is plain the speaker refers to the spirit of man as meaning man, himself, instead of his "breath." Let us read: " Thou turnest thy spirit against God, and lettest such words go out of thy mouth," verse 13. And in verse 25Š" He stretcheth out his hand against God, and strengtheneth himself against the Almighty?" Here there can be no question as to the identity of " spirit " with man himself. Again, Isa. 57:15, " I dwell . . with him that is of an humble and contrite spirit." Is it possible for mere " air " or the " breath " of men to be spoken of as having humility and contrition f If yonr view is tenable, it must be so. In Prov. 16th chapter, 18th verse, and in Psalms 32: 2, and in 51:10, as well as in many other parts of the Word, the " spirit " of man is spoken of in such a manner as to make it absolutely impossible to under-stand the meaning as limited to the narrow bounds contended for by you. Take any Concordance, and look over the various passages referred to under " spirit," and you will see at a glance that very few, if any of them can be properly interpreted as you and your writers are in the habit of doing. And now as to the meaning of the passages you quoted as to the dead not "knowing anything," etc., I think a careful examination of the several contexts will satisfy any ordinary reader (who is not committed to, and influenced by, some special theory), that the passages in question simply teach this and nothing more, that after death men are so separated from their former surroundings and associations in this life as to know nothing concerning the things with which they were once interested, as in Job: "His sons come to hondr, and he knoweth it not." C. W. SWARTZ. Hillsdale, Mielt. It is true, as Mr. Swartz says, that so-called orthodoxy teaches not only the im-mortality of the soul, but also that " no murderer hath eternal life abiding him." But this is nullified very largely by the definition given to the term "eternal life." Life and death are not by "orthodoxy" permitted to have their natural and obvi-ous meaning, but are made to mean misery and happiness. In this fact lurks the evil. Clothe a man with eternal life and he will readily take the chances on his condition in eternity. This argument prevailed with our first parents. It was when assured by the serpent that they should not surely die, but should be as gods that they took the forbidden fruit. The Lord says (Ezk. 13: 22): " With lies ye have made the heart of the righteous sad, whom I have not made sad; and strengthened the hands of the wicked, that he should-not turn from his wicked- ness, by promising him life." Ortho- doxy" departs from the truth far enough to accept as one of its tenets Satan's first great lie. Is it strange that many who accept this tenet go one step further and imagine that life a happy one ? We do not claim that in the Scriptures the term " spirit " always means "breath or air." It sometimes means life; but it does not follow that consciousness attaches to that life. LifeŠanimal lifeŠis often present when there is no consciousness, as in sound sleep, injury to the brain, etc. When God created man he " breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and man became a living soul." There was life, or spirit, if you please, in that breath; but the same thing was given to the lower animals for we read in Gen. 7: 21, 22: " And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth, and every man : all in whose nostrils was the breath of life, of all that was in the dry land, died." Just what this life is nobody knows, but when it leaves the body, whether of men or of beast, it returns to God who gave it. That this is so will appear from a comparison of Ps. 104:24-29 and Job 34:14. The first of these texts asserts what occurs when God gathers to himself the breath of the beast; the second asserts substantially the same thing of man. While Eccl. 3 :19 says plainly : " For that which befalleth the sons of men befalleth beasts; even one thing befalleth them: as as the one dieth, so dieth the other; yea, they have all one breath; so that a man hath no prehninence above a beast: for all is vanity." And in the twenty-first verse the question is asked : " Who knoweth if the spirit of the children of Adam ascend upward, and if the spirit of the beasts descend downward ?" (Douay Version.) Our correspondent is clearly wrong in asserting that " spirit " sometimes means man himself; this is true of soul, but not of spirit. Nor do the verses to which- he refers prove that the spirit is man himself any more than they prove that the " hand " is man himself. It is clear that in this case spirit means disposition or will; and 