THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 109 we reproduce ono citation from the XIth Article of the treaty with Tripoli, which contains the declaration, " As the Government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian reli-gion . . . it has no enmity against Mussulmans," etc. This affirmation was made by Washington, then President, and his CabinetŠin which were Jefferson and Hamilton--and by the United States Sen-ate, many of whose members assisted in founding the Government and participated in formulating its Constitution. And is it conceivable that such a declaration if false would have passed that illustrious body, our first United States Senate, un-challenged, if it asserted what was not true ?Šor are we to suppose that Washing-ton and Jefferson, and Hamilton, and Madison, and Adams, and Lee, and Morris, and Ellsworth, and the other illustrious men of those days, did not know whether or not the Government they were instru-mental in establishing was founded on the Christian religion ? To sum up the whole matter; against the proposition that Christianity is the common law of the whole country, we have cited the decision of the Supreme Court on the Girard will case; the history of the formation of the States; the decision of the Supreme Courts of Ohio and Maine, and the opinion of Chief Justice Cooley, of Michigan. And lastly, we have drawn testimony from the Constitution itself to show that under its terms no religion can be the common law of the land, while both positively and negatively the evidence is conclusive that Christianity is no part of that which affirms itself to be " the su-preme law of the land," and hence can not be part of our constitutional law. This brings us back to the position announced in a recent issue of this journalŠthat we are not a Christian Nation; that we are a Christian people. And we add that so long as Christianity is inwrought in the hearts and consciences of the people, it is of no concern whether it be in our statutory or common law or not. Putting it there would make us no better; because it is not there, we are none the worse; for it still holds true that error may well be given full liberty where truth is left free to com-bat it.ŠChristian at Work. Censorship of the Press. CONGRESSMAN HENDERSON, of Iowa, is one of the considerable number of well-meaning people in this country who grow impatient at the apparently tardy results of attempts at making the world better, and finding the laws indifferently en-forced, hurry off to seek a remedy in more laws. The particular evil which troubles Mr. Henderson is the illegal use of the mails for the circulation of im-proper literature. He seems to overlook the fact that such use is already illegal and the laws can be and probably are en- forced as strictly as it is possible for any law not aimed at the direct preservation of life and property to be. He thinks the remedy is to be found in creating a cen-sorship and has introduced a bill which in effect gives the Postmaster General au-thority to suppress a newspaper or other periodical altogether by denying it the use of the mails. The bill will hardly become a law, and Certainly ought not to. It is not enough to urge in its support that the Postmaster General would probably use his power with moderation and discretion. The objection lies in the principle of the thing, which is wrong altogether. The proper place to settle questions of viola-tion of law is in the courts, and the inquiry should be conducted under fixed rules of procedure, to the end that impartial jus-tice may be the result. Short cuts in attempts to enforce the laws by clothing some man or body of men with dictatorial powers are sure to result disastrously in the end, and are directly contrary to the spirit of our institutions as established by the founders. There are publications, un-doubtedly, which should be suppressed in the interest of good morals, but they should be restrained by the punishment of the offenders as provided by law rather than by a censorship such as is permitted in no civilized country outside of Russia. ŠManchester ( N. H.) Union. Presbyterian Elders Who Break Sunday. J. M. FOSTER, Secretary of the National Reform Association, writing from Rich-mond, Indiana, draws a dark picture of the disregard of Christians for Sunday, and of " Presbyterian Elders " who travel with "Masonic excursions" on that day. To correct these evils and make these Christians better, Mr. Foster declares that there is need of a strict Sunday law, the aim of which shall beŠ to protect the employer against himself. He is often so covetous that he will sin against his own conscience to gain the time of the Sabbath. The superintendent of a leading house in Cincinnati, in order to have his goods arranged for their opening day in a new house, said to those under his direc-tion: "I am a member of the church. I respect any one's scruples. But those who have no con-scientious objection to working on the Sabbath will come and help me to-morrow. The rest must work Saturday night." That man needs a Sabbath law to protect himself. He has not conscience enough to do it. What a proposition; create religious conscience for Presbyterian elders, and other church members, by civil law ! Think of this scene at the Judgment Seat of Christ: DIALOGUE. Judge.ŠWhy did you disregard Sunday while on earth ? Culprit.ŠBecause the civil law of Indiana did not compel me, and create in me a heart clean enough to keep the "Lord's-day holy."ŠWhat a travesty ! ŠSabbath Outlook. Iowa Hearing on Sunday-Closing. IN harmony with the concerted effort put forth in every State Legislature in session this season, the friends of Sunday-closing began almost on the opening day to influence the Iowa Legislature to place itself on record, in some way, as in sym-pathy with the effort to secure the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday. As a result the following was offered by Representative Wilson :Š WHEREAS, It has been proposed to open the doors of the Columbian Exposition, in 1893, upon the Sabbath day, contrary to the honorable custom of our Nation and in direct violation of the statutes of the State of Illinois, within the borders of which it is held, and also in violation of the laws of almost every other State in the Union, and WHEREAS, The preservation of the Sabbath, as a day of rest, is necessary, not only for the well-being of the church, which gives us our prized name of a Christian Nation; but also for the stability of the State, for the physical welfare of the people, and for the preservation of the rights and interests of the workingmen, and WHEREAS The proposed action would be a long step toward permanent disregard of the Sabbath as a day of rest, therefore, Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Iowa. SECTION 1, That we respectfully petition the Commissioners of the Exposition to keep the doors closed upon the first day of the week, commonly called the Sabbath. SEC. 2, That a copy of these resolutions be sent to the commissioners. These resolutions and accompanying pe-titions were referred to a committee of nine members of the Legislature, appointed to consider them. A hearing was appointed for March 22. The committee were all present. Quite a little time was taken up in transacting routine work before the hearing was reached. A half hour was allotted to A. T. Jones, representing the National Religious Liberty Association, in which time he showed conclusively that the pro-posed action was wholly beyond the juris-diction of the Legislature; as according to the first article of the State Constitution, the Iowa Legislature had no right to pass any laws or take any steps that would favor, or in any way interfere with reli-gion; that this same reason applied with equal force to similar action by any State Legislature, for every State Constitution had a like clause, all of which were de-rived from that clause in the National Constitution, prohibiting Congress from making any law respecting the establish-ment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. Then to make the state-ments more clear the speaker reviewed the history, of that clause, showed how it hap-pened to be placed in the National Consti-tution and what was the real intent ,of its framers. The hearing was cut short before the full development of the points which the speaker designed to get before the com-mittee, but the speech was listened to with apparently much interest and elicited frequent questions, so much so that at one time the chairman rapped on the table and said, "Here, gentlemen, we gave this man a half hour, but we are taking all the time," whereupon one of the members im-mediately spoke up, " We'll give him more time, then,Šwe want to know about this matter." One member asked the question whether he did not think that the interests of the Church demanded legislative action in closing the gates of the Exposition on Sunday ? " No, said the speaker, Christ says the gates of hell shall not prevail against the Church, how then can the Ł #  SUNDAY laws are antichristian. 