MAY -23, 1895.. slb,STrrINTIE:lbo 165 because of what God himself had done, and not as.a civil labor regulation for man, for up to that time man was not under the curse, had not labored and was not tired. Later., man being under the curse, came the command from Sinai applicable alike to those not needing, as well as those needing, rest: ",`Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy," and particularly designating the day that,  is the Sabbath, and mentioning that God created the universe in six days and rested on the seventh, and blessed and hallowed it. Ex. 20. In Ex. 16: 23, the Lord is quoted as speaking of the seventh day as being. " the holy Sab-bath; " and in Ex. 31: 12-17 inclusive, the seventh day is mentioned as being the Sabbath " holy unto you," and as being " holy unto the Lord," and as being a. sign throughout the generations and a perpetual covenant, and the death penalty was pronounced against those who defiled the same by, working thereon. In the above-mentioned scriptures, the doing of yvork seems-to be the only defilement of the Sabbath prohibited, but in Isa. 58: 13, 14, we find the greatest rewards conceivable are prom-ised those wh6 abstain from seeking pleasure, after human yways, on that, day., In the light of the above scriptural i-efer-ences, I conclude that the biblical idea of Sabbath .obserVa,nee is, -that it is a religious obligation imposed on' man for the honoring of, God, a sign between man and God for a perpetual covenant, and that it was not insti-tuted as a labOr and sanitary regulation. . I fully agree with J. B. C. when he says, " It follows that if Church and State are to be kept separate, and Sabbath observance is a religious duty, that the civil government should not enforce Sabbath rest or punish Sabbath work." This declaration should not concern those laws and regulations for the protection of public assemblies from disturbance, and for the preservation of public order. All lawful public assemblies, _whether religious or not, are .equally under the protection of law and - -should :be. A great contest is now on hi this country between the friends of religious liberty and those who want laws enacted to compel other people, to conform to their views and practices relative to the observance of the first day of the week commonly called Sunday. The con-test is being silently waged, and considering its importance is attracting comparatively little public notice. How it will end no man can tell. The indications all point to a disturb-ance and upheaval of the strata of society in 'the near future. I believe the better way' in State policy is to adhere to the principle that Was doininant in the minds of the framers of the Constitution of the 'United States, and in the adoption of the First Amendment thereto; that is, protection equally to all persons in their religious beliefs and practices from inter-ruption from all other persons, and the favor by law of none. The Supreme Court of Ohio speaks much truth in the following words: " 'United with government, religion never rises above the merest superstition; - united with religion, government never rises above the merest despotism; and all history shows us that the more completely they are separated the better it is for both." A DESERVED REBUKE. THE American Sentinel, of April 11, has an account of the legal fight between Seventh-day Adventists 'and first-day laws in Massachusetts and Tennessee. As long as the Adventists have a good chance to keep two Sundays, and only have to work five days every week, why can't they let well enough alone and be happy? ŠHersey Outline. The above strikes us as very flippant, espe- cially when, as we think, the Seventh-day Adventists are as conscientious a class of people as there are, and claiming that Saturday is the Sabbath of the commandment, keep it. They read the command to work six days and rest one, not work five days and rest two. They consider the command as imperative to work six days as to rest one.ŠRockford ( Mich. ) Register, May 1. -Ł -0- Ł FOLLOWING THE CALF. A Poem With a Moral for All Slaves of Pre- cedent. ONE day through the primeval wood A calf walked home, as good calves should, But made a trail all bent askew, A crooked trail, as all calves do. Since then two hundred years have fled, And, I infer, the calf is dead. But still he left behind his trail, And thereby hangs my moral tale. The trail was taken up next day By a lone dog that passed that way; And then a wise bellwether sheep Pursued the trail o'er vale and steep, And drew the flock behind him, too, As good bellwethers always do. And from that day o'er hill and glade Through those old woods a path was made. And many men wound in and out, And dodged and turned and bent about, And uttered words of righteous wrath Because Was such a crooked path; But still they followedŠdo not laughŠThe first migrations of that calf ; And thro' this winding woodway stalked Because he wabbled when he walked. The forest path became a lane That bent and turned and turned again; This crooked lane became a road Where many a poor horse with his load Toiled on beneath the burning sun, And traveled some three miles in one. And thus a century and a half They trod the footsteps of that calf. The years passed on in swiftness fleet The road became a village street. And this, before men were aware, A city's crowded thoroughfare. And soon the central street was this Of a renowned metropolis. And men, two centuries and a half TrOd in the footsteps of that calf. Each day a hundred thousand rout ' Followed this zigzag calf about. And, o'er his crooked journey went The traffic of a continent. A hundred thousand men were led By one calf near three centuries dead. They followed still his crooked way And lost one hundred' years a day. For this such reverence is lent To well-established precedent. A moral lesson this might teach If I were but ordained to preach. For men are prone to go it blind Along the calf-paths of the mind. And work away from sun to sun To do what other men have done. They follow in the beaten track And out and in and forth and back. And still their devious course piirsue To keep 'the path that others do But how the wise old  wood-gods laugh Who saw the primeval calf. Ah, many things this talk may teachŠBut I am not ordained to preach. ŠSam. W. Foss, in Nonconformist. MORE PRESS COMMENTS ON TENNESSEE PERSECUTIONS. A Stupendous Wrong. [From, the Mountain 'State Gavel, New Martinsville, W. Va.] THE Constitution of the United States guarantees to every person the freedom to worship God according to the dictates of his conscience. But in Tennesse many men are placed in prison for performing what they consider to be their duty, when they should be pro-tected instead of being classed as felons. We clip the following froth the Dayton Republican:Š " Do the good citizens of Dayton and Rhea County fully realize the enormous wrong being perpetrated upon the sacred rights of individual citizenship as guaranteed by our blood-bought Constitution in the imprisonment in the county jail of eight of the Chris-tian citizens of this county, because, forsooth, they have worshiped God according to the dictates of con-science ? " Can they quietly and complacently look on while this startling nineteenth century parodox is being en-acted ? Ł " Will God approve of this oppression of a branch of his devoted followers ? and will he not rebuke in the day of judgment the persecution that these people are undergoing for opinion's sake at the hands of others of his professed followers ? and will he not fur-ther hold to a strict accountability the Passive indif-ference of others of his followers who quietly allow this great wrong to be perpetrated ? " Christians all, Presbyterians, Methodists, Cath-olics, Baptists, Episcopalians and every denomination that worships in the name of the Lord of Hosts, and whose hearts have imbibed the humanity and love il-lustrated in the life of Christ, put yourself in these men's place. They have been taken from their fam-ilies, deprived of liberty, the stigma of felons placed upon them, their business broken up, and a , portion of their property virtually confiscated by the State, and for what ? For worshiping the God of their fathers! " Shades of Washington and Jefferson, look down and restore our faith in, and love for, the Declaration' of Independence. " Are we insensate blocks of wood that we' will qui-etly allow this persecution to proceed ? The very walls of the jail cry out in thunder tones of eloquent indig-nation against this offense. " Do we need a new Declaration of Independence in order to quicken our sense of liberty and jus-tice ? " In the broad light of the closing nineteenth cen-tury, with all the facts of the past ages serving as warnings, are Christians to still suffer a martyrdom for the faith that is in them ? Have Dither and Wes-ley and Whitefield and Rogers lived in vain, that we have not yet learned the lesson ,that the truth shall make men free ?" A Spasm of Bigotry. [From the Antelope Tribune, Neligh, Neb., April 4] MARCH 8, 1895, eight Seventh-day Adventists were sentenced to imprisonment from twenty to seventy-six days each for performing secular labor on Sunday. These men had kept Saturday as the Sabbath, accord-ing to their faith, and were prosecuting their ordinary work on Sunday in a quiet way, disturbing no one. But it seems they have intolerant bigots down in Ten-nessee as well as elsewhere, and some of these filed complaints under an old Ł` Blue Law" of that State which is very severe 'upon Sabbath-breaking. The offense charged was easily proven, and the judge, though sympathizing with the prisoners, felt compelled to pass sentence under a law which he felt was Unworthy of a free country. Similar prosecutionsŠthey Łmay as well be called persecutionsŠhave been instituted in Maryland and Massachusetts, all going to show that the age of big,  otry and religious intolerance has not entirely passed; that there is an element in the churches to-day which-are loyal descendants of those New Englanders who fled from persecution in the Old World to a land where 