272 THE AlVIE,RICAN SENTINEL. -Vol,. 5, No. 34. NEW YORK, AUGUST 28, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE papers of Finland have received notice from the Russian authorities that advocating the people's rights, even in the most sober manner, must stop. The Czar is determined to be a " father " to his peo-ple, even if he has to banish half of them to compel the other half to adopt the " true religion " and correct political views. The Government of Russia is thoroughly paternal. THE World asks : " How long will the anachronism and injustice contipue which compel New Yorkers to violate some statute in order to get needed and in-nocent recreation on Sunday ? " It will continue as long as the State attempts to compel people who have not a religious regard for Sunday to act as though they had. As it stands, the law is utterly use-less; and serves only to breed contempt for all law. A RECENT London dispatch says :Š The exaction of tithes for the support of the Es-tablished Church continues to excite much opposi-tion in Wales, and at a sale under distraint in Mont-gomeryshire a few days ago, the chief constable was struck, and the auctioneer repeatedly kicked by a mob. The sale, however, was persisted in, and the amount distrained for recovered. Our English cousins ought to learn that there is a better way of getting money for the support of churches than by direct tax: it is by exempting church property from taxation, and by appropriating public money for the support of denominational schools. The result is the same, and ugly scenes are avoided. THE Christian Advocate, of this city, has the following :Š By whom are the saloons supported ? Not by the women; not by the ministers and teachers; not by the substantial business men and thriving manu-facturers. The Rev. H. W. Bennett, of Columbus, Ohio, says that on Saturday evening careful watch was kept for one hour over five saloons in that city, during which time 640 persons entered, 554 of whom were young men. That hour and that night may be a fair sample, and that city quite like other cities. The young men who work in the mills and shops, and the young men who do not work, sup-port the saloons. The question which this suggests to our minds, is, Would a Sunday-closing law prevent this ? The answer must clearly be in the negative. And yet we are  gravely told that more liquor is sold on Sunday than upon ally other day. If the demand for Sunday-closing was made broad enough to cover all the time from Saturday noon till Monday morning, there would be a little more consistency in parading it as a temperance measure. As it is, the most that can be said for it is that it is probably of about as much value, from a prohibition standpoint, as high license, unless, as is the case in this city, corrupt police captains make it a source of revenue by permitting, for a money consideration, a side-door business on Sunday. COMMENTING upon an imperial ukase recently issued, forbidding further action by Protestant missionaries, especially in western Russia, under the penalty of expulsion from the empire, the Mail and Express says :Š This is in perfect keeping with the treatment which the Hebrews are now receiving in the same country ; and it is in harmony with the policy which is crushing out Lutheranism and German speech in the Baltic provinces. The Russian Gov-ernment seems resolved to make an end of all race, religious, and lingual differences within the limits of the empire. It is a policy which has its merits ; but it is very cruel. It can be carried out only in Russia. The Mail and Express is about the last paper that ought to find any fault with the Czar for any efforts which he may make to put an end to race, religious, and lingual differences in his empire, for that is practically what it advocates doing in this country. Such a policy is, however, neither more meritorious nor less cruel in America, than in Russia. " FOR several years," says an exchange, " the local bands have given concerts at Seaside, and Washington parks, at Bridge-port, Conn., on Wednesday and Saturday evenings. It is now proposed, by the Wheeler Wilson band, to give Sunday afternoon concerts, at Seaside park, and such a concert is announced for next Sun-day. Business men and working people are largely in favor of these concerts, but at the morning prayer-meeting on Satur-day, of church people, a resolution was adopted protesting against a profanation of the Sabbath, and agreeing to use all means within their power to prevent the concert from being given." This does not agree very well with the claim that is made that they want the State to enforce only a " civil Sabbath." Certainly it requires no more work to render ordinary music, than it does to render sacred music. How comes it then that in order to `have a "civil Sabbath" these bands must be prohibited from play-ing while the church choirs are not inter-fered with ? There is no avoiding the conclusion that it is not the amount of work involved, but the fact that the church music is religious, while the music of the bands is secular. METHODIST periodicals . are discussing the growing tendenCy of the clergymen of that denonlination to make their annual and general_ conferences scenes of wire-pulling and log-rolling, that turn them into veritable _political caucuses and con-ventions. Commenting upon this fact,, a secular paper remarks that " the methods of the brethren at the last conference, when the ballot box was ' stuffed' during the exciting race of the -Various candidates for bishoprics, were ominous of degenera-tion. On several ballots, the number of votes found by the tellers was in excess of the whole number of legal voters in the conference, much to the scandal of the devout." But sad as such things are, we may expect them to become more and more common, as the churches become more and more involved in political mat-ters. W. H. CHANDLER, Assistant State Su-perintendent of Public Instruction, of Wisconsin, is credited with the following, concerning the Bennett Law :Š I believe to-day as I have all along, and just as I told Governor Hoard, when the bill was passed. The Bennett Law is an injudicious piece of legisla-tion, and one that is unnecessary in Wisconsin. I am not a compulsory educationalist; it is un-necessary, for the reason that it is the first desire of everyone to become familiar with the language of the country, and to secure an education in the English language. Of course, the advocates of the law bring forward a few persons who cannot speak English, but they are exceptional cases, and will exist, and cannot help existing, under almost any circumstances. . . . The law is objection-able not only to Democrats but to prominent Repub-licans also. There will be an awakening of senti-ment at the State convention, that will compel a compromise and modification of the law, and it will be so fixed that all objectionable features will be eliminated. But the law was unnecessary and injudicious, and could some persons have foreseen the future, the bill would never have become a law. We have said in substance, more than once, that a law compelling the learning of English is entirely unnecessary in this country, since self-interest leads all to de-sire a knowledge of the language of the country. Such measures as the Bennett Law are not only unnecessary, but they are subversive of that liberty which has always- been the, boast of this country. Ł THE long and short of socialism and nationalism is this : The Government should be everything, the individual nothing.ŠThe Sun. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. 