Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.--Thomas Jefferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, FEBRUARY 20, 1889. NUMBER 5. TI?e Arrrpical2 ,gerMel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 130ND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGooNER,}  EDITORS. ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS: J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. JONES WHAT other nations call religious toleration, we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which Government cannot deprive any of its citizens, however small. Despotic power may invade these rights, but justice still confirms them."ŠSenator Richard M. Johnson, 1829. CHRISTIANITY iS much more disparaged by being confounded with dragooning apostles, holy wars, and penal statutes, than by all the jests, quirks, and slanders with which profane witlings have assailed it. But how do they read the New Testament, who confound things so unlike to each other? Light has as much to do with darkness, as the genius of Christianity has with that of in-tolerance.Š Thomas Clarke. THERE are more anomalies in this Sunday-law business than a Philadelphia lawyer could study out in a life time. They tell us that a Sunday law is needed in order to give working men a day of rest; and then they tell us that their Sun-day law is simply a temperance measure, to close up the saloons on the day when everybody is idle. Queer, isn't it? In changing its color to suit circumstances, Sunday-law o  argument dis-counts the chameleon, by long odds. THE following we quote, italics and all, from "Neander's History of the Christian Religion__and Church" "If the reign of Constantine bears witness that the State which seeks to advance Christiani'y by the wordly means at its command, may be the oc-casion of more injury to this holy cause than the earthly power which opposes it with whatever vir-ulence, this truth is still more clearly demon-strated by the reign of his successor Constan-tius."Š Volume 2, Section 1, Page 81. It would be a good thing if National Reform-ers would study church history for a little while. a- Ł  THE Christian Statesman says that the Blair Bills, " involve the principles of National Chris-tianity." Well, that's all that they had in Con-stantine's time, and in the centuries following. Christianity is simply the Christian religion. An organized company of professors of Christianity  constitutes a local church. So when Christianity shall become national, Šwhen the Nations shall, through its laws, profess Christianity,Šwe shall have simply a National Church, nothing more nor less. There was never in this world a more complete union of Church and State than would result from the adoption of the measures proposed by Senator Blair. Ł  A GENTLEMAN in Ohio, a county official, in returning a list of signatures to the petition re monstrating against the passage of the Blair bill, says: " There would be no trouble here in our place to find enough signers to fill another such petition. The citizens, with myself, feel fully sat-isfied to let well enough alone, many having ex-pressed themselves satisfied with the wisdom of of our forefathers, in giving to us a Constitution insuring religious liberty to all." There are thou-sands of others throughout the country who feel just the same way.- 11-4.  A Tangible Object. THE following letter was received from a gen-tleman in the State of New York. We print it entire, in order that all who have similar ideas may receive the benefit of our reply:Š EDITOR OF SENTINEL :ŠDear Sir: Someone is kind enough to send your paper to me. In it I find much to admire, but some things which to my mind militate against your general objectŠthe cor-rection of existing evils in society. I believe there is such a thing as the true church of Christ; but that it is not the Roman Catholic, nor the Greek, nor the Protestant Episcopal, nor the Methodist Episcopal, nor the Presbyterian, nor the Baptist, nor the Congregational, nor any other humanly constituted organization; but that it has in its membership all true believers in the Lord Jesus Christ as their present Saviour from sin, and who, by virtue of his faith, are saved, regenerated, made new creatures in him, and who, conse-quently, are living out his life among men. This body of people, for they are " one body," I believe to be the "little stone cut out of the mountain without hands," which, increasing in magnitude with an ever-accelerated momentum, is to subdue all opposed to it, until it fills and rules the whole earth. Of the rule of such a church, there must be no fear. Human laws and institutions must, therefore, more and more conform to the divine, as this divinely constituted church goes forward in its mission of subduing and assimilating all things to its own likeness. Already as the divine law pro-hibits theft, and adultery, and murder, etc., so also do our human laws. And quite recently we have conformed our human Constitution to the divine in making it repeat the command, "Let the oppressed go free." And now again the nation is rising up to prohibit that which, legalized as it now is, virtually legalizes theft, and adultery, and murder, and every other abomination which only men under the influence of strong drink are capable of, thus giving a new and most striking evidence of the purpose and power of the "little stone" to sub-due all things to itself. This result achieved, and the final conquest will be near at hand; for the little demons, seeing their great leader slain, will take to their heels and fly  away, leaving the field in possession of its rightful Lord and Law-Giver, and the universal shout shall go up, "Allelujah, the Lord omnipotent Teigneth. The kingdoms of this world are become the king-doms of our Lord and of his Christ." Our correspondent is mistaken in his suppo-sition that the "'general object" of the SENTINEL is "the correction of existing evils in society." This is not its object; it has never contemplated so impossible a task. Its sole object is, as stated in its prospectus, "the defense of American insti-tutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious." This is the sole work of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. There are plenty of papers devoted wholly to showing the evils of intemperance, and to working in other lines of reform; but the SENTINEL is compara-tively alone in calling attention to the evils of religious legislation, and to the imminent danger which this country is in because of it. That even in its special field it will be able to prevent bigoted and selfish, and well-meaning but deceived men from passing unjust and oppressive laws, its editors are not vain enough to imagine; their highest hope is, 'by warning people of impending danger, to arouse those who love real liberty to take a stand for itŠto keep them from being taken by surprise. The work of a sentinel is to warn people of danger, so that they may be pre-pared to meet it. In this case, the danger to which we refer, is not so much that of being op-pressed by unjust laws, as it is of being a party to the passing and the execution of such laws. The man who is persecuted for conscience sake, is in a far better state than the man who either directly or indirectly contributes to that end. As to the existing evils in society, we have no idea that they will ever be corrected until the end of the world. Our correspondent has stated a view that is quite generally accepted, namely, that the church of Christ will advance and in-crease in strength and numbers until it will finally swallow up everything, and fill the whole earth, and that when the church has corrected all the evils of society, and the world has become morally perfect, then the Lord himself will come and. reign over his people. This is essentially the National Reform view, for it has been declared that the triumph of National Reform would be the ushering in of the millennium. The National Reform view differs from the one that has been taught in the past, only in the way that the mil-lennium shall be brought about. It was formerly taught that this would be done by the preaching of the gospel; but National Reformers find that way too slow; they find that the world of vice is gaining ground, and that morality is losing; and so they propose to convert the world by an act of Congress and of other law-making bodies, and so 