8 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, Tir An2eFieaR geOli2e1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JANUARY, 1889; ENOUGH live, interesting matter for another number of the SENTINEL has been crowded out of this issue by matter that had to go in. The pressure upon our columns makes us begin to think that some change will have to be made sometime. We hope it may come soon in the shape of more frequent publica- tion. 4 Ł WE send this number of the SENTINEL to several thousand people who are not sub-scribers. To such we say, Read it carefully, and see if you have not a duty in the matter of helping to circulate it, and thus warn your friends of dangers of which they may be en-tirely unconscious. The SENTINEL ought to have a regular list of a quarter of a million before the close of this volume. 4 Ł 4 THE theological faculty of the University of Giessen has conferred on Prince Bismarck the title of Doctor of Divinity I Just what moved them to do this we do not know, but we im-agine that it was because they are tinctured with the National Reform idea that men may go up to the polls to worship God. When politics and religion are one, we can see no incongruity in making, every statesman a Doctor of 'Divinity. Ł Ł 4. THE members of the " National Sabbath Union," with true National Reform gener-osity, made General Harrison one of the vice-presidents of their association, at the late meeting in Washington. Of course Mr. Harrison didn't know anything about the transaction, but that made no difference. Honors are easy among those people, and they willingly bestow them upon both living and dead. Unlike Shakespeare, they think that there is a great deal in a name. -4 Ł 4- WITH -this issue the AMERICAN SENTINEL begins its fourth Volume. It has been pros-pered in the three years that it has been pub-lished, beyond our most sanguine expecta-tions, and has the brightest prospects for the future. No one who is not watching the movement of things can have any real con-ception of the wide field open before the SEN-Ł TINEL, and of the necessity for it. New phases of the National Reform work are con-stantly developing, and the SENTINEL intends to keep its eye upon them all and continue to sound the alarm. ONE of our Hibernian police was taking in a refractory prisoner, whom he had pounded until he was out of breath, and then at-tempted to reason with him as follows : "It is not becuse I hates you I bates you, but be-cauSe I have the authority to do so."ŠLife. The above note is commended to the atten-tion of those who call themselves National Reformers, who profess that if they only get the power they will not harm a single indi-vidual-who conscientiously differs with them. No doubt they are siacere in their assevera-tions; at least we. are willing to give them credit for being sincere. But they seem to have as little knowledge of human nature as they have of the gospel. The Irishman  "clothed with a little brief authority," was a different man from the Irishman with no power at all. We prefer to keep the club out of the hands of the National Reformers, both because we know how power affects even those With the best of intentions, and be-cause, from the spirit thatomany of them have already shown toward "dissenters," we feel sure that they could not say, with the Irish-man, "It is not because I hates you I bates you." THE Christian Nation kindly informs us that the SENTINEL would not oppose National Re-form principles "if it understood them." The fact is, though, that we do understand them. And that is why we are so much opposed to the whole National Reform scheme. Those who do not understand its principles are the ones who do not oppose National Reform. Everybody who understands it is opposed to it; and the better they understand it the more decidedly are they opposed to it. ANOTHER evidence, or rather admission, that all Sunday legislation is religious legisla-tion, is found in the remarks of Dr. Goodwin, of Chicago, in presenting to the ministers' meet-ing the resolutions prepared by .Dr. Herrick Johnson in regard to Sunday newspapers and Sunday observance. The Doctor said that " to strike at the Christian Sabbath is to strike at the very corner-stone of all our Chris-tian institutions." Therefore a law in favor of Sunday, the so-called Christian Sabbath, is a law in favor of the Christian religion; and since no open law breaker can hope to ,be elected to public office, it follows that the en-actment of Sunday laws is squarely opposed to that part of the Constitution of the United States which says that no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification- to any office or public trust under the United States. THE Christian Nation that was issued the day before Thanksgiving said that for the first time in the history of the day the Cath-olics would join in the observance of Thanks-giving. It adds: " Official circulars were sent out to this effect, and of course it was not done without the knowledge and consent of the Pope. This event is worth considering. What does it mean ? " It is indeed worth considering; but few of those who consider it will realize what it means. It means a coming together of Prot-estant and Catholic. It means that the time is fast approaching when the Catholic Church will be generally considered as the true church of Christ, and the honored mother of the Protestant churches of Christendom. It means, in short, the approach of the time when there will be no Protestant churches, except perhaps in name, and when it will be Ł thought heretical to speak against the Catho-lic Church, and when the Reformation will be called a burst of fanaticism. AT the last meeting of the Monday Congre-gational Club, in San Francisco, one of the ministers read a paper entitled, "Why the Masses Do Not Attend the Churches." Among the principal reasons he cited " the unfortu-nate circumstance of our having no Sunday law." " People," said he, " go to saloons, and engage in gambling and lottery schemes, in-stead of going to church." The gentleman doubtless revealed more than he intended to. He showed clearly the , one real object of all Sunday legislation, namely, to fill up the empty churches. Men may talk as much -as they please about Sun-day laws being mere "police regulations," intended dfor the physical good of the people;  but we well know, what they cannot always keep concealed, that they are_ for no other purpose than to compel people to listen to preaching which has lost its power to draw them. They assure us that they have no idea of compelling anybody to keep Sunday, or to attend church against his will; but their as-sertion is not in harmony with reason. Does anybody need to be told that when they have passed a Sunday law in order to fill up their empty churches, ;they will enforce not only the letter but the spirit of that law, and com-pel attendance on church service, when it is not done voluntarily? We trow not. This matter of Sunday laws is now a live issue. In many State Legislatures, as well as in Congress, organized and persistent efforts will be made this winter to secure the pas-sage of stich laws; and the friends of relig-ious freedom should be on the alert. SOME people seem to think that the reason vvhy the Roman Catholic Church is dangerous is because of its false doctrines)  and that its advances politically should be repelled on this ground. A greater mistake could not be made. The only danger from Catholicism is in its having political power at all. It was this that made it Catholic in the first place, and corrupted its doctrines. Let the great churches of this country "come together har-moniously and issue their edict," to be obeyed by the legislative powers, as- Mr. Sam Small desires, and we should have a condition of things as bad as when Papal Rome ruled Eu-rope. Their doctrines and professions might be as pure as that of the apostles, but that would not lessen the ill effects of their combin-ing to direct legislation. Their doctrines would soon be corrupt enough to suit the_enemy of all righteMsness, and we should have an American Catholic Church. Let it be under-stood and remembered that a church exercis-ing civil power is what constitutes the Papacy, no matter what nor where the church is. Sample Copies. This issue of the AMERICAN SENTINEL is sent to many names as a free sample copy of the paper. If you like it, and believe in religious liberty, send 50 cents for the SENTINEL one year. Or, if you will send us two new yearly subscribers, at 50 cents each, we will send you the paper one year free. Clubs of 5 or more names at the rate of 30 cents per year. Bound Volumes of the American Sentinel. HERE is something that every Bible student, every student of history, every lover of religious liberty, and every American citizen, should have; and we have reduced the price so that it is within the reach of all.- Buy it, read it, study it. Place a copy in ev-ery free library and public reading-room in the United States. We can furnish Vol. 1 (1886), Vol. 2 (1887), and Vol. 3 (1888),, of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, bound in strong paper covers, with index, at sixty cents per volume, post-paid. The first two volumes bound in one, in cloth, with index and gilt title, for $1.50 post-paid; the three years' papers all bound in one cloth volume, with index and Extra," or special campaign number, for $2.25, post-paid. Address, AKERIOAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. TT-17k  AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The -defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United states Constitution-as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and ' the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious,  ft will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending -toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of five or more copies, per year, each, - .7 5 To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, ' 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 