1"il4E AMERICAN sr,NŁriNt,i, 131 which appeal can ever rightly be made. The government in which Nehemiah was an officer was a theocracy, a religious government. The Church and the State were one. An.d whenever Nehemiah's example is urged, it can be done only upon the theory.of a religious government, a union of Church and State. It is logical enough, therefore, that Dr. Coxe should urge, as the next remedy, " the vigorous enforcement of righteous laws," because of the fact that this is a Christian Nation," and should exhort the pulpit to " lead in this new crusade for the recovery of the holy day." He closes with a long exhortation in which he strongly urges the enforcement of " civil enactment " upon the Ł basis of the word of God because " the Bible is the 'common law of England," because the " statutes of King Alfred " enforced the "ten commandments and sundry other laws ;from Moses, of a, moral character ; " be-cause " these laws have never been re-pealed ; " because " America is the child ,of England, the inheritor of her laws, usages, and spirit ; " and finally because Ł" the roots of our national life run back 'to good Alfred's realm [reign ?], and our laws through his to Sinai." And such is the substance of the sym-posium of the Methodist Review on "The Christian Sabbath." The Methodist Re-view is the magazine of the Methodist Episcopal Church The Methodist Episco-. pal Church started the American Sabbath Union. The American Sabbath Union exists 'solely to secure the enactment and enfordement of Sunday laws, both State and national. Therefore this all proves again that which THE SENTINEL has shown time and again, that the Sunday-law movement is religious altogether, with not only not a single civil element about it, but no place for any. The whole thing is but a scheme to make the ecclesiastical superior to the civil power in this country, and to make the State the servant of the Church to execute her decrees. A. T. J. Ł-..  Sunday Legislation in British Columbia. A CORRESPONDENT of the Colonist, a -paper published in Victoria, British Co-lumbia, writes to that paper as follows concerning the proposal to adopt a Sun- day law in that Colony :Š I would like to call attention to the most serious aspect of this whole business of introducing Sunday laws, and trying to enforce the same in British Columbia. To begin with, I would suggest that it may just be possible that the larger number of voters throughout this city and throughout the Province would be decidedly averse to anything that would tend in the least measure to hinder the entire and unrestricted freedom of all classes of our people. But apart from that, it seems to be a con-clusion 'arrived at by all men of intelligence, that no majority has any right, either in or out of Par-liament, to coerce the minority, or to impair in any measure the freedom of any member of any com-munity,- For instance, it is proper for legislatures to make laws having in view the Maintenance of  order, the keeping of the peace, or defense from invasion; because all parties are alike interested and concerned in the enforcement of these laws. It would perhaps also be in keeping with good gov-ernment to insist that all days should be held to be sacred, that no intoxicating liquors shall be sold or exposed for sale, on either day of the week; that falsehood shall at all times be accounted perjury; that cheating in any way shall be considered to be fraud; that gambling of any kind (even to playing marbles for keeps), shall be punishable; but to enact laws that have for their mission the intentional at-tempt to force even a minority of the peaceable people into observing any certain day of the week in a manner entirely inconsistent with their own ideas of right and wrong is merely a subversion of freedom, a tampering with the rights of an intelli- gent people;' and has the full peculiar flavor of a dish that has been prepared, cooked, and served up as a portion of the menu of an intolerant church. Such laws are not only unreasonable, ungenerous, obnoxious, and absurd, . but their tendency and effect are alike harmful and would do more to stir up strife and ill-will and hatred among the sover-eign people, and to pollute and defile the free air of our lovely Province, and toward the desecration and defilement of our hearths and homes, and the de-thronement of what is indeed and in truth the truest kind of religious liberty, than all the combi-nations of evil influences that ever beset any com-munity of people. In such a matter let each be a law unto himself. Let us maintain order, keep the peace, defend our homes, be loving and kind and honest and good and true on the Sunday, and let us maintain order, keep the peace, defend our homes, and be loving and kind and honest and good and true on every other day of the week as well. Let the air be so free that the sounds of innocent joy that strike over hills from our holiday pleasure haunts shall echo to other lands the full, free, lofty name of LIBERTY. Another gentleman writes to the same paper thus :Š Sunday is not the Sabbath. Therefore the com-mandment of the Decalogue does not apply to Sun-day. Believing this I can not comprehend on what grounds " Nemo "- justifies the Hon. Mr. Robson's Sunday law. If Sunday is an institution of a church, its observance is binding only on the .mem-bers of that church. One might just as reasonably ask the Legislature to enact a law compelling every one to attend his church and to accept his church's service, as add to the statute book a law forcing them to observe the day his church has set apart for worship. Does he not see that when he admits that Sunday is not the Sabbath day, he completely " gives away " the case of the Sabbatarians. He makes the observance of the Lord's day a matter of liberty and not a matter of law. The day was when those who advocate Sunday laws were logical. They passed laws compelling men not only to ob-serve the day, but to attend, the church, by law es-tablished. The world has outgrown laws binding men's consciences in these matters. This man apparently admits that if Sun-day were the Sabbath it would be right to enforce it by civil law ; but that is a mistake. The seventh day is the divinely appointed Sabbath, but it would be monstrously wicked to make a law requiring everybody to keep it as such. God has nowhere com-mitted such power to men. THE only favorable conditions for the development of an individual, are those of freedom to carry forward the best that is in him or her. For any other human being to have the power to restrict him or her in that direction is harmful to both. Jarvis Plummer. Compulsion. " AND they gave them drink in vessels of gold; and royal wine in abundance, according to the state of the king, and the drinking was acccirding to the law ; none did compel ; for so had the king appointed to all the officers of his house that they should do according to every man's pleastire.ŠEsther 1. The religion of Christ is not one of force. The royal wine at the king's feast was forced upon none; it would have been a violation of the king's law to force it upon any; for the law was that every man should drink it according to his pleasure. If any man felt the need of it the wine was free to him, free without money or price; and if he did not want it he was not compelled to drink it. It was forbidden to none, and forced upon none. A man deserved no praise for drinking it, and merited no censure for not drinking it. It was like God's grace in the gospel, that is for all who may feel the need of it. It matters not how vile and sinful the man may feel himself to be, he is not forbidden to go to Christ. And indeed, the more conscious he is of his sinfulness, and the more he feels the need of the royal wine, the more he appreciates the king's grace in providing it for him; and the more is displayed in him the riches of the glorious kingdom of grace. All the fitness he requireth Is to feel your need of him, This he gives. The king made no requisition upon the poverty of his subjects to aid him in pro-viding the feast for them, but he taught them as God taught Paul when he said to him, " My grace is sufficient for thee."ŠHe taught them that he was rich enough and loved them enough to bear all the expense of it for them. The feast was designed to show the riches of his glorious kingdom. And that is what God's grace does; it shows the riches of grace ; that God's grace is rich enough to save a sinner, a dead, helpless, bankrupt and impoverished sinner, one who has not only not a good thought or desire to contribute, but who is a willing subject of sin and an enemy to God. God's grace is rich enough to save just such a sinner; and if it is not that rich, then not one sinner dias ever been or ever will be saved. It is antichrist to force it upon any. Christ did not force himself or, his religion upon anybody. When a certain Samari-tan village would not receive him, he went with his disciples to another village; nor would he destroy them for it, though so- Ł licited by James and John to do so; but he rebuked them for making a request so contrary to his spirit. There has been recently a good deal of talk, by religious people, about Sabbath keeping, and a -dis- Ł position is seen to force men to keep it as a religious institution. Now is that of the Spirit of God ? Rev. M. A. Gault, of Blanchard, Iowa, has said :--- 