104 .A.10MIELICA.N SIEINITTN1E11Lio VoL. 10, No. 13. NEW YORK, MARCH 28, 1895. Qom' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THERE are many good things in this num-ber of the SENTINEL. A MOST important sign of the times is recorded in this issue under the heading, " Before Conscience is Law." THE Dayton Republican says it is rumored that more Seventh-day Adventists have been indicted by the grand jury of Rhea County, Tenn. THE compulsory Sunday-observance crusade has become so universal that it is impossible to notice all the conventions held and the legislation perfected and proposed in its in-terests. IN view of the fact that the Senate of Massa-chusetts has passed a bill prohibiting " sacred concerts " on Sunday, special attention is called to the editorial from the Boston Trav-eller, which appears in this issueŠpage 101. THE London branch of the International Tract Society, whose manager was recently fined $19 for permitting work to be done at the society's office on Sunday, was notified on the 15th inst., that unless the fine was paid by the 21st inst., the property of the society would be levied on to collect it. MORE information is furnished this week regarding the imprisonment of Seventh-day Adventists at Dayton, Tenn. Let no reader of the SENTINEL forget for a day that a num-ber of honest men are imprisoned at Dayton, Tenn., for performing inoffensive labor on the first day of the week after they had " rested the Sabbath day according to the command-ment." THOMAS DIXON JR. , has for six years held the position of pastor of the Twenty-third Street Baptist Church of this city. A few weeks ago he resigned, and has since estab-lished an independent church. In his letter of resignation he announced that he would establish a church " to proclaim this as the hour in which the gospel of Jesus must have its social fulfillment, if society be saved from anarchy. That the State is even now the outline of the kingdom of God, being the only organ through which the people can act as one man in the pursuit of righteousness. . . . That political action is a sacrament." We see no reason why Mr. Dixon should have to start a new church in order to proclaim this doctrine. The Presbyterian Church indorses Dr. Parkhurst who teaches  this doctrine. The Christian Endeavor Soci-ety, as a body, has commenced to act on these ideas. The National Reform Associa-tion and the American Sabbath Union teaches all this. The Baptist Church is fast accept-ing this doctrine, one evidence of which is its indorsement of the work of the " Civic Federation " movement; and another, the fact that it is beginning to teach that " before conscience is law," thus putting the State, managed by the preachers, in the place of God. This is an old doctrine, as old as the papacy, and we know no reason why Mr. Dixon could not have connected himself with that organization. But against this, the error of our time, we quote the words, "My king-dom is not of this world." THE following is from the opinion of Judge Parks, rendered at the trial of the Seventh-day Adventists who are now in jail at Dayton, Tenn., for doing common labor on Sunday:Š " Do the defendants in keeping the seventh day and working on the first, thereby interfere with any natural right of their neighbors? Or is it an artificial right created by human law 9 Has any power but the divine will the right to establish any one day as the Sabbath? If the day has been appointed by divine edict, but two or more persons honestly and con-scientiously differ as to what day was ap-pointed, can the dispute be settled by legislative enactment ? And shall one be given rights which are denied the other? Does might make right, and have the majority the right to dic-tate in matters purely of conscience?" The American people must answer these questions, and upon a correct answer hangs the destiny of civil and religious liberty in America and the world. BISHOP MCGOVERN, of Harrisburg, Pa., has given out an open letter addressed to the leg-islature of Pennsylvania, criticising the action of the House in passing a bill prohibiting the wearing of a distinctive religious garb by teachers in the public schools of that State. The bishop predicts the speedy triumph of his church over all her enemies in this country and refers to her triumphs in Europe in the following boastful manner :Š Bismarck, of the iron hand, in our time, but with a manly chivalry which recoiled from stripping the religious of their dress, yet drove them out of the schools, hospitals and asylums, and expelled them from their homes, kindred and native land, and in the floodtide of persecution, when cautioned against re-sorting to these extreme measures, in the self-con-fidence of a tyrant, he boasted that he would not go to Canosa. Yet he did go, and paid homage to the power he had defied, and returned, but not with the penitential spirit of Henry the Fourth, and was hurled from office and now molders in obscurity. The Emperor of Germany seats at his right hand Cardinal Ledochowski, whom Bismarck expelled from his see in Posen, and with royal munificence, presents him with a gold snuff-box, set with jewels, from which  the cardinal, from time to time, gives a pinch of Roman snuff to wake up the sleepy ex-chancellor. The religious in their garb are returning back to Germany and doing business at the old stand; a Cath-olic, for the first time in the dynasty of the Hohenzol-. lerns, is chancellor, and poor. ,Bismarck, as his last resort, has the privilege to make snoots at him in the dark. The irony of fate. We are all aware of the savage barbaritiesŠpriests hunted down like wolves, forfeiture, imprisonment, death, quartered and scored Šwhich were meted out to Roman Catholics in Eng-land and Ireland for three hundred years; but to-day a Roman cardinal holdti the place of honor on state occasions, next to the heir apparent to the throne. How unlike the Master is this defiance, and how it argues the tyranny of the church when she finally conquers as she surely will. As shown by our first article Rome thrives on the ruin of nations. She must therefore observe with pleased anticipation the growth of mobocracy in this country as manifested during the last few days. With murderous mobs defying the civil authorities of Louisiana and Colorado, and the civil authorities them-selves in the person of the Indiana legislature reenacting the scenes of the French Revolu-tion, it would appear that the Republic is fast drifting toward ruin. Bishop McGovern, of Harrisburg, Pa., says, in the Johnstown Tribune of March 7: " The Catholic Church will gov-ern the storm and gather the spoils which their violent impetuosity leaves behind." THE evening edition of the World has in-vited short contributions treating on the question, " What Shall Our Sunday Be ? " The following is one of the contributions which appeared under date of March 21:Š THE  CATHOLIC CHURCH MADE SUNDAY. To THE EDITOR: William R. Jacobs seriously tells the Evening World's many readers that in violating the Sunday laws you violate the law of God, by which he means the Bible and the ten commandments, and throughout his letter he calls Sunday the Sabbath. Now for.that gentleman's benefit I would inform him that the Sabbath is the seventh day of the week, corn-inonly called Saturday, and was the day kept holy in the old law and by the apostles; it was later on changed by the Roman Catholic Church, and every Protestant who keeps Sunday thereby acknowledges that church to be the true church with the right to make religious laws for the entire Christian world. If Mr. Jacobs doubts me I refer him to the Catholic Mirror's challenge to the Protestant world to prove by the Bible or commandments that they were author-ized to change the day of rest from Saturday to Sun-day, and to the AMERICAN SENTINEL, a Protestant weekly, which has the same challenge in its columns every issue. If Protestants want to know how to keep Sunday they should ask the Roman Catholic Church, as that body, having made the day, knows best how it should be kept. P. M'G. Paterson, N. J. The writer of this letter is, not known to the SENTINEL, but seems to -be acquainted with the SENTINEL and with the fact that Sunday observance, as a so-called Christian practice, is solely of papal origin. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " " - - .. 80e 100 to 249 " " " " - - Mc 250 to 499 " " " " 0 - - 70c 500 to 999 " " " " 0 - - 65c 1000 or more 6 i 0 0 " Ł Ł - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 42 Bond Street, Neir York OFy 