468 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American $entinel. NEW YORK, JULY 28, 1898. IT is reported that the Powers of Europe, not including Great Britain, have decided not to allow annexation of the Philippine Islands to the United States. IN New Jersey indignant lovers of justice have combined to fight a de-cision recently given in a State court by which trolley companies would be allowed to kill children by their cars for one dollar apiece. THE health of Pope Leo, says the New York Sun, is so precarious that the pontiff is preparing for an early demise, and conferences of cardinals are discussing the question of his sue Ł cessor. It is the wish of the pope that his body be buried by the side of Innocent III. The latter is a con-spicuous figure in mediwval history, and was one of the worst popes that ever lived. ONE great reason that is given for the decadence of Spain is expressed in the word " manana," which falls so naturally from the Spaniard's lips, and means "tomorrow." Its real significance may be expressed by reversing a well-known Anglo-Saxon motto,ŠNever do to day what you can put off till tomorow. In addi-tion, fully half the calendar year, it is said, is made up of saints' days and holidays, upon which no work is expected to be done. It would not be unnatural to suppose that the prevalence of saints' days and holi-days is responsible for the use made of the term "manana " And it may be fittingly observed that when a nation begins to multiply " holy " days and holidays, it is exhibiting sure symptoms of decadence. A RESIDENT of this city, Mr. Mi-chael Powers, was recently fined $50 by Justice Bennett in one of the city courts for the crime of blasphemy. As reported, the justice in passing  sentence said : "I find you guilty of the charge of swearing in the public streets contrary to the laws of the State of New York, and also of dis-turbing the quiet of your neighbor-hood. I, therefore, fine you $50, or fifty days in jail. You stand com-mitted until the fine is paid." It is quite proper, of course, to prohibit by law such conduct on the part of any person as properly con-stitutes a nuisance. But when the offense is one which derives its force from religious belief, as in the case of profanity, it is one beyond the prov-ince or the power of civil law to cor-rect. "Blasphemy" is a term which, as defining an offense punishable by civil law, has a tendency to become very broad, and to include any word spoken derogatory to the prevailing religion. As such it has often been made the means of religious persecu-tion; and to admit the propriety of legislating against it, is to throw down the barrier between church and state. Profanity is a fault that may be eradicated by the grace of God, but not by the lash of the law. It is al-together likely that Mr. Powers' ten-dency to profanity was strengthened rather than diminished by the pun-ishment imposed upon him by the court. CERTAIN Roman Catholic journals are with all seriousness offering to the public an account of a wonderful "miracle" which occurred recently at Turin, Italy. It is described by the Rome correspondent of the Free-man's Journal, thus:Š " While the sacred winding sheet was exposed for public vision in Tu-rin a couple of weeks ago, permission to photograph it was asked of Bing Humbert by Signor Secondo Pia, a member of the committee of sacred art of the Turin exposition. The first proof was a failure, but the second revealed a marvelous fact. As I explained a couple of weeks ago, the winding sheet bears a double im-press of the figure of our LordŠbut faintly, and showing only the out-lines. It was naturally expected that the photographic negative would contain no more than was visible to the naked eye in the original. In-stead, however, the photograph re-veals a perfect design of the sacred face, hands, and limbs; so, after nearly nineteen centuries modern sci-ence manifests to us what manner of man our Lord was in his sufferings and death." The "sacred winding sheet" has come to public notice through the mediumship of the Catholic church, and this miraclous occurrence of course attests the truthfulness of the church's claim to be the genuine and only medium through which the pow-er of God is manifested for the salva-tion of human souls. That is what all these Catholic "miracles" are de-signed to teach to a credulous public. But to discount the claim which is made for the church in this instance, it is not necessary to discount the story itself. Were the account true, it would be proof that God had noth-ing to do with the phenomenon. This may be known from the fact that.  God does not manifest his power in that way. The phenomenonŠif such there wasŠindicates a power which appeals to the senses, one suited to a sensual religion. It is altogether ap-propriate that such things should be connected with a religion which ap-peals, as does the Catholic, to the eye and ear with form and ceremony cal-culated to dazzle and strike with awe rather than enlighten with truth. God is working to-day not as a showman, doing wonders merely for people to behold, but to exalt his Word. Any "miracle" may be safely discounted which stands disconnected from that Word. His Word is mighty to convict of sin and save the soul,  and it is always for this purpose that God manifests his power to-day. That is the work God is doing now. By and by this work will be finished, and then will be seen the manifesta-tion of the power of God in a strange work upon material things. The all-important thing now is to know the power of God working in the heart by faith. THERE is no red tape connected with the service of Christ. 