4.ŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁMm...miro*I"oar.....ŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁyr*,  "IF ANY MAN HEAR. MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. NEW YORK, APRIL 12, 1900. NUMBER 15. VOLUME 15. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional.  real disturbance on Sunday than is caused by any amount of honest labor. A A .'Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay fork. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) No PERSON can gain moral strength by leaning on the law. A A CIVIL law may be an obstacle to conscience, but never an aid. A A RELIGION cannot be bound by binding the men who profess and teach it. A A To ENFORCE a religious observance is to put law in the seat of conscience. A A THE more the church enters politics, the more will politics enter the church. A A RIGHT and justice were established before there was any such thing as a majority vote. A SABBATH rest is an excellent thing in itself; but it never does the person any good upon whom it is forced. A THE powers that be are ordained of God, but the voice of the former must not be mistaken for the voice of the latter. A A THE enforcement of the Sunday laws makes more CONSCIENCE may sometimes lead an individual wrong; but without conscience, another power will con-trol the individual which will always lead him wrong. A MAN'S prohibition can never stand where God has planted his permission; and he has permitted labor on the first day of the week, both by precept and by his own example. Extending the Constitution. THERE is a great deal of talk everywhere in political circles over the question whether or not the Constitu-tion extends of its own force to Puerto Rico and other new territory of the United States. This however is not the fundamental question that is raised by the acquisition of this new territory. The great question underlying all others is, Shall justice be done to the inhabitants of this territory? Some would-be statesmen talk as though the ques-tion of doing justice to these people depended on the question whether the Constitution extends to their lands or not. If it shall be decided that the Constitu-tion does not extend to them, then this country is not bound to consider the question of justice in its dealings with them! Congress can govern them in any arbitrary way that it sees fit! This is just the reverse of the truth. The question of doing justice in any territory does not depend upon the question whether the Constitution extends to that territory or not; but the question whether the Consti-tution extends thither depends upon the question whether the United States is bound to do justice in that territory. 