796 AMERICAN SENTINEL. when all the excitement of battle had died out, these British gentlemen sat about the camp writing of the massacre not as of a deed of shame but as a "most excellent- pig-sticking," a rare bit of sport in which they gloried. In and by their letters officers and men admit not only the deliberate intent to assassinate but also their thorough approval of their deeds of murder, in defiance of the laws of war as well as of the laws of civilization and humanity. Thus far the only notice the British Government has taken of this massacre is to order a strict censor-ship upon the letters from the front. That is, it has in effect indorsed the murder, but mildly rebuked the assassins for indiscreetly boasting of their prowess. But does not every war furnish many an occasion of just this kind? And is not this terrible thing an in-dictment of war in general, as much as of the British regiment which perpetrated the deed? We think so. Sunday and the Trade Unions. THE Sundayclosiig law is being invoked in New York City, in behalf of certain interests of some of the trade unions. The following from the N. Y. Sun, of December 13, is of interest as showing the motives which often come into play in cases of this kind, and the use made of the law by those who have no reverence for Sunday at all. Mr. J. P. Hand, an organizing delegate of the Book-binders' Union, made complaint against John Carey, a foreman in a bookbindery, before a city magistrate, charging him with Sabbath breaking. The Bookbind-ers' Union, says the Sun, "sometimes objects to Sun- day work, and sometimes doesn't, according to circum-stances. "Hand told Magistrate Mayo that he visited Gen-eral McKibbin's bindery at 11 o'clock last Sunday morning and found five men at work in the gilding de-partment under direction of Carey, whose arrest he sub-sequently caused. Hand then began to talk very glibly about a fight between his union and General McKibbin some time ago, which he did not want to connect with the case before the court. In conclusion he said that it was necessary that the union should win, because the employers otherwise would be sure to encroach on the rights of their workingmen. "'All we demand,' he said, 'is that the laboring man gets a day of rest. To ensure it to him, these employers should give work to some of the men that are now walk-ing the streets.' "`I beg to call your honor's attention to this fact,' interposed John A. Borthwick, who is general manager for McKibbin. 'We have to pay double wages for all Sunday work, and consequently we try to avoid such work in all but extreme cases. We have advertised  three times recently for extra men, and ye could not get a man.' "`Our union will give you six men to morrow,' said Hand. "'Well, that is news, indeed,' replied Borthwick. `But send them up. We can use every one of them. In the present case,' he added, turning to the magistrate, `urgent necessity compelled us to order some Sunday work for which the workingmen get $6 a day. We have certain holiday books that must be turned out at once, if they are not to be a dead loss to the publishers. And, let me add, that, at present, there is not a single book-binder who is not doing extra work 'on Sunday with union men. The very men who make this complaint are doing Sunday work, and I can prove it.' (Italics ours.) "`I shall have to reserve decision in this case until I have looked up the statutes,' said Magistrate Mayo. "The case was adjourned until to-morrow afternoon. Section 266 of the Penal Code says:Š "All trades, manufactures, agricultural or mechan-ical employments upon the first day of the week are pro-hibited, except that when the same are works of neces-sity they may be performed on that day in their usual and orderly manner so as not to interfere with the repose and religious liberty of the community." A Proposed Christmas Truce in South Africa. "Present Truth" London, Eng. THE incongruity of two "Christian nations" engaged in deadly conflict at the same time celebrating what they suppose to be the birthday of the Prince of peace, and listening to the message," Peace on earth, goodwill to men," appeals very forcibly to some people, and accordingly it has been suggested to the authorities in South Africa, both at Cape Town and the Transvaal, that "on that day, at any rate, there should be peace from midnight to midnight." It is sad that any Christian should have so little knowledge of the gospel as not to see the incongruity of such a proposal. What a caricature of peace it would be, what a travesty upon the gospel of peace, for two armies to cease all hostilities at midnight of the 24th of December, expecting to resume them at midnight of the 25th, and in the meantime solemnly to announce that they were celebrating the birthday of the Prince of peace! It would be awful mockery. The proposal, evidently made in all sincerity, shows how much the gospel has come to be considered as mere form and ceremony, as satisfied by the observance of certain days and certain ceremonies. Such religion is essentially heathenism, differing from that which is ordinarily known as such only in kind. If the suggestion were ad opted , it would doubtless be hailed as an evidence of the hold that Christianity has on the people of the world,whereas it would simply show how greatly people are controlled by superstition in spite of centuries of gospel preaching. We are reminded of the man who reckoned himself a good Christian, for while he would 