Equal and exact justice to all meg, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas jeferson, VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 30, 1890. NUMBER 48. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THIS PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND Sr., BEV YORK, Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - Ł Ł ALONZO T. JON as. AES00LiPle EDITORS, 0. P. jO747.719. A  2,7, W. H. 3401 NE. A SOUTHERN paper complains that " the common council of Augusta, Georgia, has resolved to exempt from taxation a large private bridge, that had been constructed by a land company, on the ground that it was a public convenience." And why not ? Church property, is exempted from taxa-tion on the ground that churches more or less directly benefit the. State. If there is any force in the argument why not carry the exemption of property to its logical conclusion, and exempt it all ? "CALIFORNIA is the only State in the Un-ion without some form of Sunday law, or legal rest-day," is the plaintive wail of the Sunday-law advocates. But do they not know that a man may legally rest in Cal-ifornia whenever he has a mind so to do ? And as a matter of fact as large a propor-tion of the population of that State do rest from their ordinary avocations on Sunday, as in States having Sunday laws. It is not true that in America a lack of Sunday laws " leads to Sunday slavery of the masses." A LATE London dispatch states that as a result of the irritation aroused in Russia by the cordial and closer relations between Austria and Germany, the German lan-guage is prohibited on public signs over shops, and its teaching forbidden in the schools. The arguments in justification of these repressive measures are substantially the same as are used in Wisconsin in sup-port of the Bennett law. " The Germans live in Russia," it is urged, "and it is their duty to know the language in which  the laws are printed." " If they want to be Germans," say the Russian officials, " let them pack up and go over into Germany." In Russia this is despotism; in the United States, it is by some sup-posed to be Americanism. Religious Proclamations Unconstitu- tional. THE time for the usual annual Thanks-giving day of the American people is ap-proaching, and undoubtedly the President will issue the usual thanksgiving procla-mation. This is a reminder of the manner in which principles are trodden under foot and how a wrong by custom may become a matter of course, and soon be considered as entirely legitimate and right. The drafters of each of our greatest political documents,Šand there are none greaterŠthe Declaration of Independence, and the Constitution of the United States, were radically opposed to this deviation from American principles. After speaking of the violation of these principles "in Con-gress when they appointed chaplains," Madison says :Š There has been another deviation from the strict principle in the executive proclamations of fasts and. festivals.* President Jefferson was even more de-cided. While he occupied the executive chair, he would not, under any circum-stances, nor with any amount of per-suasion, issue thanksgiving proclamations. In a letter to the Rev. Mr. Millar, during his second term of office, he gave his reasons for his firmness in reference to the question. In the letter he said :Š I consider the Government of the United States as interdicted by the Constitution from intermed-dling with religious institutions, their doctrines, disciplines, or exercises. f Seven years previous he had declared the same thing in reply to a Baptist ad,-dress. In a letter to his friend, Mr. Lin-coln, dated January 1, 1802, he said *Quoted from a letter of James Madison to Edward Living ston, dated Montpelier, July 10, 1822; see "American State Papers," (1890), page 75. tquoted in "American State Papers." page 56 at seq. The Baptist address, now enclosed, admits of a condemnation of the alliance between Church and State, under the authority of the Constitution. It furnishes an occasion, too, which I have long wished to find, of saying why I do not proclaim fastings and thanksgivings, as my predecessors did. The address, to be sure, does not point at this, and its introduction is awkward. But I foresee no oppor-tunity of doing it more pertinently. I ILIIONV it will give great offense to the New England clergy;,but the advocate of religious freedom is to expect neither peace nor forgiveness from them. Chief Justice Waite, in discussing the meaning of the First Amendment to the Constitution, says that, to ascertain its meaning we must go " to the history of the times in the midst of which the pro-vision was adopted ; " and then he pro-ceeds to quote Jefferson who, in connec-tion with Madison, was mainly instru-mental in securing the adoption of that amendment among the others. No other individual, excepting, perhaps, Madison, was so well qualified to interpret the meaning of that provision; and Jefferson states positively that " the Constitution has directly precluded them [the United States] from " assuming an authority over religious exercises. " But it is only proposed," says Jeffer-son, " that I should recommend, not pre-scribe, a day of fasting and prayer. That is, that I should indirectly assume to the United States an authority over religious exercises, which the Constitution has di-rectly precluded them from. It must be meant, too, that this recommendation is to carry some authority, and to be sanc-tioned by some penalty, on those who disregard it; not, indeed, of fine and im-prisonment, but of some degree of pro-scription, perhaps, in public opinion. And does.the change in the nature of the pen-alty make the recommendation less a law of conduct for those to whom it is di-rected ? " Jefferson not only considered that these religious proclamations were thus an in-fringement on the rights of the individual, but that they were also injurious to re-ligion and to the State as well. " I do not tReynolds vs. United States, a case decided in WM, 