qsd 4LINittNitti. VOL. 0, 11/4TO. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 6, 1894. rte' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE fight against Sunday excursionists still continues in Whitestone, L. I., and the order of the court has beeen so modi-fied that parties cannot land there on Sunday. The litigation continues. THE heading given the article on page 274 is descriptive of its character as the reader will discover by perusing it. We have set over against some of the intoler-ant utterances of the Enterprise, conso-nant denunciations directed against the apostles by the implacable Jews; and again we have contrasted the bitter, in-tolerant words of that paper with dissonant opinions from others, notably from Ex-Governor Porter and Ex-Senator Tolley, both native Tennesseans; and gentlemen who have been honored by the suffrages of their fellow-citizens, and who have in .turn honored their State. The contrasts and parallels in this article are alike in-structive, and that they do no credit to the Enterprise is no fault of ours. We would that all men should love and defend liberty of conscience. HON. WILLIAM P. TOLLEY, Ex-Senator of Tennessee, gives his opinion, in this is-sue, of the imprisonment of Mr. Capps in his State for doing farm labor on Sunday. Read it. It will convince you that there are Tennesseeans whose hearts are in the right place, and who are not only not ashamed, but willing and anxious to speak out in words of righteous indignation at the cruel treatment of a fellow-citizen. Mr. Tolley, while a staunch Jacksonian Dem-ocrat in politics, a Primitive Baptist in faith, and withal a loyal Tennesseean, and while differing with Mr. Capps and the SENTINEL as to the binding force of the fourth commandment, does not hesitate to make the cause of this solitary, humble citizen his cause, and to cry aloud and spare not in an effort to awaken his fellow-citizens to a realization of the injustice perpetrated. Mr. Tolley is conscientiously and unselfishly in earnest, and has devoted his time and talents, free of charge, to attending the trials of these persecuted people, with the hope of persuading their persecutors to desist. By his heroic words and earnest acts he is saying to his fellow-citizens in the language of James Russell Lowell :Š " Is true freedom but to break Fetter for our own dear sake And with laden hearts forget That we owe mankind a debt ? No. True freedom is to share All the chains our brothers wear And with heart and hand to be In earnest to make others free." A KENTUCKY woman who opposes the renomination of Col. W. C. P. Breckin-ridge for Congress, has written a letter " To the Men and Women of the Blue Grass," in which she says : " What we need from the Ashland district is a clean, pure man, with brains enough to know that it is a man's actions and not his reli-gious twaddle that make for righteousness, and not brains enough to fool a whole com-munity for half a century into thinking him a Christian gentleman when he is directly the reverse." This is unkind to Na-tional Reform, the stock in trade, of which is high profession; not that many engaged in this movement are not highly moral men, but they areŠunwittingly, it is true, but none the less reallyŠdoing, all in their power to commit the whole nation to a course of hypocrisy similar to that pur-sued by the father of the Breckinridge Sunday bill. To dub the nation " Christian " will no more make it such than did years of false profession make a Christian gen-tleman of the " hero " of the worst scandal that has ever shocked Washington society. IT is stated that Cardinal Gibbons has received a letter from the pope "couched in very affectionate terms," inviting him to visit Rome. This he proposes to do, it is said, probably before the close of the present year. It is supposed that the pope wishes to consult the cardinal about mat-ters of importance relative to the interests of " the church " in America. It is inti-mated that Satolli is to be clothed with still greater authority by the pope, and that the cardinal's visit to Rome may have something to do with the contemplated enlarging of the powers of the papal dele-gate. Protestants who sneeze when papal dignitaries take snuff, will of course feel flattered that the pope is paying so much attention to this country; but others will watch to see what new phase of the popish conspiracy against American institutions will unfold next. It will not be forgotten that according to the pope himself, " what the church has done in the past for others she will do for the United States;" and until this dire threat has been retracted Americans cannot feel otherwise than apprehensive, and start at every new evi-dence of the pope's affection for, and inter-est in, this country. WE gave in these columns last week the main facts in the case of Private Cedar-quist, who refused on conscientious grounds to engage in rifle practice on Sunday, even when directed so to do by his superior officer. It will be remembered that Cedar-quist was finally released by order of the President; and the War Department di-rected the trial of Major Worth, the offi-cer who ordered the Sunday target prac-tice. Major Worth's trial has been had, and he has been found not guilty. It is evi-dently not the outcome expected by the  War Department and there may be fur-ther interesting developments. The free-ing of Private Cedarquist may have been, probably was, at least partly, out of respect to his conscientious 'convictions and in deference to the rights of conscience; but the trial of Major Worth could scarcely have been for any other purpose than to rebuke him for disregard of Sun-dayŠthe day declared by act of Congress to be the Sabbath, and not only so, but, the Sabbath enjoined by the fourth com-mandment. What the next step of the Government will be in honoring this man-made 'Sabbath nobody can tell, but we know that the end is not yet. THE New York Observer has this to say about how Sunday is observed by Roman Catholics in Japan:Š The Romanists in Japan have a special dispensation from the pope, allowing them to labor half of the Sabbath day and attend to their religious services the other half. But in spite of these concessions, Roman-ism does not receive the favor given Protestantism. A half-breed religion wins no one's respect. Even the Japanese can see through the hollow sham which the pope offers them and despise it. Why should the Japanese "see through the hollow sham which the pope offers them and despise it," any more than so-called Protestants in other countries ? It seems that the Japanese take only half of this papal sham--a false Sabbath-- while the Observer, and with it nearly all the Prot-estant world, has greedily swallowed the whole of it, even though warned by Rome herself that it rests only on the authority of the church, and that the Protestants have no right to any part of it. But if the Japanese are to accept Sun-day at all, why not take it just as the pope gives it to them ? As a " Christian" institution it was made by the papacy, and what authority other than the papacy can so well tell how it ought to be observed. The intent of the lawmakers igt the law; and who better than the Roman Catholic Church can tell the meaning of her own law for the observance of the false Sab-bath which she has given, not alone to her own votaries, but to the world ? The Observer has in this matter of Sunday observance not a leg to stand upon in op-position to Rome. If Protestants would only teach the heathen that which the Bible says about the Sabbathsteach them to keep the Bible Sabbath instead of a base counterfeit, then might they properly criticise this dispensation granted by the pope to Japanese Catholics; but so long as they adhere to the papal day, they should keep silence as to the papal manner of observing it. Let Rome do what she will with her own. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore, uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per spear, 8it to25 99 ' " " " - 75c It 500 to 999 " " " It - - 55c " 1000 or more It 41 II it .. - 600 To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 8bilings Ł Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York city. it 100 to 249 " " " 61 250 to 499  