338 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY-. Charta, which declared for the individual rights and liberties of the barons, and marked the dawning of the day of individual liberty for all the people. The United States rose to greatness by giving to the world the Declaration of Independence, championing the cause of the individual against the government, which under the plea of the "general welfare" or any other plea would deprive him of his inalienable rights of "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness." The love of lib-erty has ever been the chief factor in promoting na-tional greatness, and the love of liberty is always the love of individual liberty. On the other hand, the denial of individual liberty under despotic governments has always been defended by the plea that it was nec-essary to promote the welfare of the nation. This is the way of the Russian government to-day and of other despotic powers that might be named. In Spain, individual rights have been so long subordinated to the "general welfare" that the nation is far advanced on the road to extinction and its evident decay is a sub-ject of general comment. In every despotic govern-ment, the people must sooner or later assert their in-dividual rights through a revolution, or the individual spirit which animates men to perform heroic deeds in the name of liberty must die out under the crushing heel of the oppressor, and decay seize upon the system from which the life spirit has departed. The protection of individual rights is for the indi-vidual welfare, and this conservation of the individual welfare directly promotes the general welfare. The two can never be in antagonism to each other. But once the line is drawn between the rights of one in-dividual and the general welfare, the way is open for debarring the rights of other individuals, and there is no logical stopping place short of the worst systems of despotism which the world has known. The "general welfare" is always the sum total of individual welfare, and the body politic may be affected throughout by the injury done to a single member of it. Deny the rights of one member and a blow is struck at the rights of all. Promote the welfare of one, and the good that is realized flows out in blessing upon others. Leave every individual free to enjoy his God-given rights and thus to promote his own welfare, and the highest state of the general welfare must be the natural result. s. Great Britain's Danger. "There is a greater danger for England than the danger of defeat in this war," remarks the Chicago Journal. "There is the danger that has grown steadily since Gen. Kitchener's defeat of the mandi's wild men, that England will exalt military prowess above all the other good qualities of her people. This is the curse of France to-day, and we cannot help thinking, as we  read of drunken crowds surging through the streets of London, of a lord mayor sending hysterical tele-grams and of sober statesmen and clergymen betraying unsuspected hysteria, that England herself may be in a frame of mind that will soon send her well along the road her neighbor is traveling to ruin. The calmness and self-restraint that is supposed to characterize En-glish public life has been missing for a long time, and, to the amazement of the world, there have been dis-covered qualities that we had assumed to be the exclu-sive possession of the Latin races. No mob in Paris or Rome could have exceeded the fury of the London mob, and neither in Paris nor in Rome could the men of 'light and leading' have shown less inclination to chill the ardor of the throng than Englishmen of au-thority have shown." Nor is this danger confined to England, nor yet indeed to any one nation ; it is world-wide. "The na-tions are angry." The war spirit is everywhere. It would require only a very little thing to set the world ablaze. B. What He Welcomes. One of our most esteemed religious exchanges, published in an eastern city, has for one of its depart-ments, "Young People's Work." This department is in charge of a special editor, and is frequently filled with good thingsŠbut not always. One exception we wish to note. "About four years ago," writes the editor, "I said in a public gathering that our country needed a war; something to wake it up from its condition of lethargy; a war with a foreign nation." The present writer heard a very similar remark more than twenty-five years ago by a man of the world, who thought there were "too many men," and that "a war would help business." It seemed heartless then, and with a larger knowledge of the horrors of war, it,seems to the writer even more heartless now. After protesting that he does not believe that war is "a good thing in itself," the editor referred to con-tinues : "And now that our battle has come and gone, I am looking for the effects which I hoped a war would bring. And one by one, and two by two, I see them coming. Not so marked indeed as one might wish, but here and there are signs of what seems to me a better state of things." This is a most remarkable paragraph to be penned by a Christian editor for young people, or for anybody, for that matter. Its influence can only be to cause those who read it to regard war with favor. But from the Christian standpoint war is utterly indefensible. But let us look for a few moments at some of the "reasons" assigned why war, while admittedly not 