"Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, or Whatever State or Persuasion, religious or 'Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, APRIL 27, 1893. NUMBER 17. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CWAILLVLIINAMP.B.BOMLCLMKARNE.. WHAT is the spirit which incites the members of one religious denomination to bring a civil action against those who be-long to another denomination because of a difference in religious belief and prac-tice ? Is it a Christian spirit ? Did the Master leave any such precept, or ex-ample ? THERE is no other incentive for the prosecution for first-day labor, of those who observe the seventh day, than that of religious intolerance and jealousy. These prosecutions, with a view solely to persecute, are now in progress in two States, Tennessee and Maryland. In both States complaint has been made and ac-tions brought at the instigation of mem-bers of a so-called Christian denomina-tion, professors of religion in good stand-ing. Will such a course injure their po-sition in their church affiliation, or will it redound to their credit ? Ł IN Tennessee, clergymen have inter-ested themselves in the carrying on of prosecution, have provided prosecuting counsel when a case seemed liable to go by Łdefault for lack of legal attention; and in Maryland information has been laid by a clergyman, and he himself has appeared as a prosecuting witness against a faithful Christian man, because of a conscientious change in religious belief and practice. Does the Methodist denom-ination at large uphold its ministers in such a course ? Are they ordained for such work as this ? THE religious organizations, throughout the country, which boast their orthodoxy, have been laying the foundations deep for just such procedure as thisŠthe persecut-ing prosecutions of Christian men, by those who have been ordained to preach the gospel. r  Have these religious bodies realized the ultimate results of their ac- tion ? Have they recognized the fact that the logic of their courseŁ is the establish-ment of an inquisition, and the furnish-ing of informers and prosecutors for this inquisition from their own clergy ? That this will be the inevitable result does not need to be said. It is the result which has already been realized. Is the religious denomination, whose representatives have been the first to prove this true, ready to accept the responsibility ? Are all they, whose voices, whose petitions, and whose votes, in favor of Sunday laws, have aided to make these persecutions possible, ready to say, " Let all the wrong done to these men in the name of religion be upon our heads ? " It will be a humiliating awakening for those who, like Paul, faith-fully believe that in persecuting they do God service; but it will be a sadder wak-ening yet for those who are incited by such personal considerations as influ-enced the silversmiths of Ephesus. A Flash of Reason in a Cloud of Words. THOSE who heard the utterances of Joseph Cook before the House Committee on the World's Fair, in reference to the Sunday closing of the Chicago Exposition, or have since read what he said there, will be interested to know that in one of his, Boston, Monday lectures, Mr; Cook has denied that he was in sympathy with that dramatic act of Senator Quay, which has stirred to their uttermost depths the hearts of all National Reformers, when he sent the Bible to the clerk's desk open at the fourth commandment, to be read to the Senate of the United States, that the di-vine law might be thus indirectly inter-preted and embodied into his proviso to close the World's Fair on Sundays. In reference to this incident Mr. Cook said :Š I do not agree with him. I wish to shake my-self loose from all theories which tend toward a union of Church and State. One of his hearers was so displeased with what Mr. Cook said in the attempt to thus shake himself loose, that he wrote him the following letter :Š Your statement last Monday that the civil Sab-bath is not based upon the fourth commandment, it seems to me, deprives our Sabbath laws of their moral value; for a law that has not the authority of God behind it will not bind the conscience. The  ten commandments are a translation of the law of nature, as well as an authoritative rule of spiritual life. They are both a civil code and an ecclesiasti-cal law. They were given to the nation of Israel as their constitution, and to the Church of Israel as a law of ecclesiastical life. For Vie State to recog-nize them as the foundation of moral legislation no more tends to unite Church and State than family worship creates a union between the family and the Church. The ten commandments have been placed in Christ's hands as the administrator. Every believer is under that law to Christ. Christ is King of nations, and nations, as moral beings, are under this law to him. The Church is under this law to Chri.A. But this law, being a rule of life to the individual, the family, the Church and the State, in their respective spheres, brings all into subjection to Christ. Our Sabbath laws are rooted and grounded in the fourth commandment. Separate from that edict of Jehovah they are not worth the paper they were written upon. It will not be uninteresting to analyze this letter sentence by sentence. It is said that the statement that the civil Sab-bath is not based upon the fourth com-mandment deprives Sunday laws of their moral value. It should be noticed in the first place that the " civil Sabbath " is " Sunday " and not the Sabbath of the fourth commandment. This in itself de-prives any injunction to observe this "civil Sabbath " of all " moral value," if by moral value is meant religious or divine weight of authority. That this is the sense intended to be conveyed in the words, " moral value," is shown by the next phase, " for a law that has not the author-ity of God behind it," etc. Laws for the observance of Sunday as a civil Sabbath must necessarily be civil ordinances, they must be of human origin. God's law says nothing of the observance of Sunday as a civil Sabbath. It cannot therefore have the "authority of God behind it," and it has not, nor ever has had, any moral value in the sense intended. " Our Sabbath laws " therefore cannot be de-prived of that which they never had; but there is a Sabbath law, from God, which does bind the conscience, and God's Sabbath law contravenes these Sunday laws ; then theseŠcalled here " our Sab-bath laws," are void, and all are in con-science bound to disobey them. Is it true, in any sense, that " the ten commandments are a translation of the law of nature " ? " Law of nature " is an expression " denoting the standard or sys-tem of morality deducible from a study of the nature and natural relations of human 