12 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. wish, nor which they intend shall be to such. Just read carefully the following extract from an address delivered by Rev. E. B. Graham at a National Reform Convention held at York, Neb., and reported in the Christian Statesman of May 21, 1885:Š " We might add, in all justice, if the oppo-nents of the Bible do not like our Government and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land; and in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil, subdue it, and set up a Government of their own on infi-del and atheistic ideas, and then if they can stand it, stay there till they die." Exactly; dissenters must not only be disfran-chised, they must all be sent to the devil, and that too in some "wild and desolate land;" and even that is not enough, but they must "stay -there till they die." And that is the National Reform idea of " justice." That is the kind of a Government that they propose under their Christian Constitution. That is the way in which they propose to convert men to the Christian religion. That is the way in which they propose to exemplify the sublime Chris- tian principle of brotherly love, and the means which they will employ that brotherly love may continue/ That is the way in which they are going to bring about the reign of universal peace, even, as they say, the millennium itself. That will be indeed the reign of the saints (?) I By a like scheme of the Christian endeavor of the " Society of Jesus," there was peace once in the fair Waldensian Valleys. By like exer- tions Innocent III. succeeded in creating peace amidst the graceful scenery, the rich fields, and the splendid cities of Languedoc and Provence. This, too, is all to be done in behalf of liberty of conscience,Šthat is, the conscience of the National Reformers. They give us clearly to understand that it is entirely out of respect to their own consciences that they propose to do all these things. Mr. Coleman says further, in the place before quoted:Š " If there be any Christian who objects to the proposed Amendment on the ground that it might touch the conscience of the infidel, it seems to me it would be in order to inquire whether he himself should not have some con-science in this matter." So, then, in this National Reform Christianity, it is the perfection of conscientiousness to out- rage some other man's conscience. And the re-verse of the Golden Rule becomes, to them, the law and the prophets. Their chief complaint is that the present Constitution disfranchises them (which is false), and therefore they must have it changed so that it will disfranchise every one but them. And so, All things whatsoever ye would not that men should do to you, this do ye even unto them; for this is the law of National Reform. And who are they that propose to do these things? An Association of which the vice-presidents alone number one hundred and twenty, than whom we verily believe that there cannot be found in the United States an equal number of other men who could exert a more positive influence. In a complete list given in the Christian Statesman of Dec. 2, 1883, we read the names of thirteen Bishops of such of the evangelical churches as have bishops, fifteen Col-lege Presidents, thirteen College Professors, ten Justices of Supreme Courts. As printed in the  Statesman of Dec. 24, 1885, we find eleven Bish-ops, sixteen College Presidents, fifteen College Professors, three ex-Governors, seven Justices of Supreme Courts, five Judges of Superior Courts, two Judges of the United States District Court, one Judge of the United States Circuit Court, with such a number of Hon.'s, Rev.'s, and D. D.'s, that we cannot attempt now to count themŁ As for us, we are neither Jews, infidels, nor atheists. But as we dissent totally from the doctrines of the National Reform Party, we suppose, of course, and we are willing to confess, that we belong to that fourth class to which Mr. Coleman referred by the phrase, " and oth-ers." We do not deny that God is Sovereign, nor that Christ is Ruler, nor that the Bible is the Supreme law. We freely confess all these. But while we confess that God is Sovereign, we positively deny that be has delegated his sovereignty to the National Reform Party. While we confess that Christ is Ruler, we deny that he has chosen the National Reform Party as his confidential advisers in his rule, or that he has appointed that party as his vicegerent in the United States to rule this country in his absence. While we confess that the Bible is the Supreme standard of human actions, we deny in Coto that the Author of the Bible has ap-pointed the National Reform Party to be the infallible interpreters of that Book. And because we distrust their movement, be-cause we see the result of -it when they shall have secured the power, they choose to think us possessed of a wonderful "compound of folly and fanaticism." (See editorial comment in Statesman of Feb. 21, 1884.) But from their own words, fairly quoted in this article, we are justified in saying that the success of their movement will be the destruction of the dearly-bought principle of American liberty; the de-struction of the inestimable treasure of Ameri-can citizenship; and the destruction of every principle of the rights of conscience, under the Government of the United States. And because of this the AMERICAN SENTINEL 15 set for the de-fense of the genius of American institutions. A. T. J. Catholic and Protestant. WHEN we endeavor to point out the danger which threatens our liberties by a change in the structure of our Government whereby some-body's religion may be legalized and enforced, we are told that our fears are groundless; that it is needless to point to the Inquisition, or to the persecutions of the Dark Ages, as they were carried on under quite different circumstances and by a quite different people; that we have nothing to fear from Protestant Christians. But our fears are not allayed by any such assurances. We have a criterion by which we judge in all such cases, and, keeping this in sight, we shall not go far astray in our judg-ment. It is our knowledge of human nature. We have no confidence at all in human nature, except as it is restrained and guided by divine grace. And human nature not restrained by grace, is the same in all ages and in all people. Catholics and Protestants are all humanŠneither more nor less. "Elias was a man sub-ject to like passions as we are." Grace made him a "man of God." John and James so far  forgot their commission, and the teachings of their Master, as to desire to call down fire upon the people of a village of Samaria. Paul by grace was a most devoted servant of Christ; by nature, a murderer in action, and in spirit " breathing out threatenings and slaughter." The Pharisees and elders considered themselves exemplary and godly men while the world praised them; but they clamored for the blood of Him who reproved their sins and exposed their hypocrisy. If professed Christians of this age were not ambitious, they would net feel after the reins of secular power. It is no disparagement to any man to say that he does not know himself until he is tried. Hazael thought the deeds worthy of a dog which the prophet said he would com-mit; yet he obtained the power by murder, and committed the deeds without scruple when he had the power. It_ is a saying that " even a thief thinks himself honest when he has no chance to steal." By all this we mean that a person under certain circumstances does not know what he will do if placed under entirely different circumstances. We have no more confidence in an ambitious, worldly, bigoted Protestant, than we have in an ambitious, worldly, bigoted Catholic, if the two are placed under like circumstances. Our motto says: " Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." And we may say that per-verted, corrupted religionists are the most dan-gerous of men. The question has often been asked, Why are religious wars the most san-guinary and cruel? The reason is obvious. Religion, whether true or false, intensifies the feelings. True religion refines as well as in_ tensifies; but false religion intensifies without any refining influence or power. We have the testimony of those who were some time in the service of the Inquisition, that nothing could steel their hearts to the sufferings and cries of their dearest friends but their conviction of duty to "the Church," and through her to God. This being the case, we declare that it is un-safe to place the reins of power in the hands of any, religionistsŠof any church. Christianity, when secularized, is perverted; and perverted Christianity has not, and never had, any re-straining influence over human nature. Its power, then, is to make zealots and bigots. It has a reactionary influence. Perverted religion perverts its possessor. How careful we should be to preserve the purity of Christianity, and to save it from contaminating alliances. And yet, when we would preserve it from alliance with the world, we are counted its eilemies1 J. H. W. UNQUESTIONABLY one of the most lamentable evils which afflict the rising generation flows from the early use of tobacco. Street boys who are not yet out of child's clothes snatch the discarded stumps of cigars of grown men, and smoke them in apish imitation of their el-ders. Lads at school acquire a taste for to-bacco by surreptitiously smoking cigarettesŠcigarettes which have done more to demoralize and vitiate youth than all the dram-shops in the land. Evil education has two corruptions Šthe corruption of the body and the corruption of the soul. The bodily mechanism of boys of sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, and nineteen years of age can be as thoroughly injured by insid-ious poisons as the mind can be soiled by wicked teaching.ŠThe Catholic Standard. 