THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 21 all things; while he who will not do this from love must do it through fear of magistrates. And Peter and John were not alone in teach-ing that civil rulers have no proper jurisdic-tion in matters of religious duty, for Paul him-self says: "Why dost thou judge thy brother? or why dest thou set at naught thy brother? for we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ. For it is written, As I live, saith the Lord,*  every knee shall bow to me, and 'every tongue Shall confess to God. So then every one of us shall give account of himself to ,God.?' Rom. 14 :10-12. 'Thus does the apostle make a plain distinc--don between social or civil affairs and relig-ions dutieS; and in this he only follows the example of Christ; who when asked, " Is it law-ful"to give tribute unto Cmsar, or not?" an-swered, " Shin* me the tribute money." Ł "And they brought; unto him a penny. And he saith Untothem, Whose is this imago and saperscrip-tion ? .:They say unto him, Ctesar'e. Then -.'Sdith he: unto them, Render 'therefore unto 'Caesar the things which are Comex's; and unto ,; . God the things that are God's." . The trouble with some peOple is that by making civil rulers the conservators of religion, they claim for 'Omar the things that belong to God, and thue make their. ordination confer Upon them powers that neither Christ nor the apostles ever recognized, and which they most -explicitly disavowed'. But if it were true that God has'elothed civil governments with author-ity to' define, decree, and enforce religion, then it -mould also be true that all who oppose them in the exercise of phis God-given power resist the ordinance of God, " and they that resist" the powers that aro ordained of God, says the apostle, " shall receive to themselves :damnation." - Ł  But for reasons already stated, we know that this. ordination must be confined to a just ad-ministration of civil affairs; for if we allow that it extends to matters of religion, either of faith or practice, we are led to such absurd and revolting conclusions as that all the so-- called martyrs, instead of being saints of God, unjustly condemned by wicked men, were in fact criminals worthy of death; and that that Which they suffered was only the wrath of God visited upon them by his divinely-appointed agentsŠthe minions of the Inquisition I I But this is not all. by any means it were made to appear that the State is divinely authorized to exact any recognition of God, or to require a single act of worship to -him, then it would necessarily follow that it could in like manner prescribe not only the practice but also the faith of all its subjects. And if any government had divine authority to do 'this, all would have; hence while Protestantism in - ono or other of its forms might be the, God-ordained religion of this country, Roman Catholicism would bo the equally God-or-dained religion of some of the countries of Europe.' And worse yet, if possible, in coun-tries having.  heathen rulers it would be the bounden duty of every citizen, to be a wor-shiper of idols ! Such are some of the ab-surdities which adhere naturally to the Na-tional. Reform idea that civil rulers are or-dained of God as establishers and conserva- tors of religion. C. P. BeLLMAN. Ethics of Sunday Legislation. IN quite a number of the States there is at present considerable stir over the passage of Sunday laws. This is directly in the lino of National Reform work, and is a danger to American liberty, of which the AMERICAN SENTINEL;  as a watchful guardian, must give warning. There are very many people who are opposed to the work of so-called National Reform, who would heartily support a law enforcing Sunday observance, not perceiving that the very argument against National Re-form in general is equally valid against this particular phase of that work. We purpose to note a few features of Sunday legislation, and how it will work injustice to a large class of citizens. There aro two grounds upon which Sunday legislation is based: one the civil, and the other the religious; and the two are antagonistic, although 'both are often held by the same in-dividual. On one side it is claimed that Sunday should be enforced, not as a religious institu-tion, but as a civil holiday, and that Sunday laws are to be regarded as police regulations. Others plead for laws enforcing Sunday rest, on the ground that Sunday is the "Chris-tian Sabbath." But upon whichever ground Sunday legislation is urged, such legislation is entirely inconsistent with perfect civil and religious liberty. If it be urged that man's physical nature requires rest on one day in seven, and that the Government should set apart Sunday as a civil holiday, and restrain people from working thereon, it comes directly in conflict with all usage in respect to holi-days, and cannot be consistently sustained by sound reason. There are quite a number of days that are set apart as national holidays, yet on none of them are people forcibly restrained from labor if they choose to workY This very fact shows the absurdity of the claim that Sunday legislation is not religious legislation, for no advocate of Sunday laws would be content for a moment with a law placing the day on a level with other holidays. Again, the absurdity of the idea of enforc-ing Sunday observance because of man's -physical need for rest is, equally evident. For example: It is just as certain that man's physical nature requires a certain amount of sleep in every twenty-four hours as it is that his physical nature requires rest one day in seven. It is an undeniable truth that thou-sands of people do not take regular rest, and that they suffer physically because of the lack of a proper amount of sleep. Now if it be granted that a State has a right to enforce Sunday observance because people need the physical rest, then it necessarily follows -that the State has a right to enact that everybody shall take a given amount of,orest in each twenty-four hours. And on that ground we might expect the Government to compel peo-ple to go to bed every night at ten o'clock, and to prescribe the hour when they should arise. It is certain that no one can maintain Sunday legislation from a civil standpoint, and it is equally certain that no one really has this in view. It must be, then, that it is as the " Chris-tian Sabbath " that the plea is made for en- forced Sunday observance. But when it is put upon this ground, we have the State legis-lating on matters of religion, and thus step-ping outside of its sphere. Indeed, Sunday leg-islation stands forunion of Church and State. For if the State can legislate in behalf of ono Christian institution, it may with equal pro-priety legislate in behalf of all of them. If it can enforce the observance of the " Chris-tian Sabbath," it has also a right to enforce Christian baptism. But the right to enlbree any religious tenet.depends upon the right to docile upon matters of faith, for before the State legislates in behalf of any practice, it must first decide that that practice is correct. Indeed, such decision is implied in the very act of passing the law. Therefore we say, if the State can enforce the observance of the Christian Sabbath, it may also en f orce,baptism, and may determine what Christian baptism is, whether sprinkling, pouring, or immersion. It may also with equal propriety enforce the sacrament of the Lord's Supper on all within its jurisdiction, and can determine bow it shall be celebrated, whether in one kind or in both. And this is union of Church and State, as much as has ever existed in any age or in any nation. So we say that all, no matter what their religious belief, who are opposed to the union of Church and State, must be opposed to the enactment of Sunday laws. But whether the observance of Sunday be enforced from a civil or from a religious stand-point, it cannot fail to be unjust and oppres-sive to a large class of law-abiding citizens. We refer to those who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week. We know that it is commonly urged that Sunday laws do not interfere with the rights of any Sabbata-rian, because they leave him perfectly free to carry out his conscientious convictions by resting on the seventh day of the week. But if' it is man's religious duty to rest on one day in seven, which all advocates of Sunday laws allow, then it is also his religious privilege to labor on six days in seven. Now if a man conscientiously believes that the word of God demands that lie shall rest upon the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, and the State compels him also to rest upon the first day of the week, it is certain that his religious priv-ileges are interfered with. Again, if rigid Sunday laws are enacted, and a man is punished for laboring on Sunday after having conscientiously kept Saturday, such punishment is nothing less-than persecution for conscience' sake. his punishment is really as much for his observance of the seventh day as it is for laboring on the first day. Thus: Necessity compels him to labor six days in the week for the support of his family; and the divine command certainly gives him the privi-lege of working six days, if it does not really command it. But his conscience imperatively forbids him to labor on Saturday, the seventh day of the week, therefore necessity and religion compel him to labor on the first day of the week. That is to say, his labor on the first day of the week is made necessary by his conscientious observance of the seventh day of the week. So then if he is punished for his first day labor, he is equally punished-for his seventh day rest; and so it becomes 