Am-RkicA_N sENI'INEL gave him the power to will and to do good or evil, it is manifest that any the-ory which, in reference to moral and spir-itual things, deals with man as a mere machine, is not of God or in harmony with God. As in theory this movement is wrong, its results can only be bad. It- involves the establishment of a national religion: this is to be enforced according to the in-terpretation of certain religionists, the class to depend solely upon which ones are dominant. All conflicting views and practices will of necessity, as of old, be branded " heresy." The timorous will yield, the stubborn be bent, and the in-corrigible be summarily dealt with. This is the logic of the case, and these the in-evitable results,Ša trampling upon the rights of conscience of many, and the conversion of no one.ŠReligious Liberty Tract. The Sunday Press and the Preachers. THE Herald, of Elizabeth, New Jersey, has the following, which illustrates the,  controversy between the Sunday press and the Sunday preachers :Š The Rev. Dr. Merrill, a gentleman belonging to the Methodist body, and calling himself a bishop, has added his quota to the mass of puritanical absurdity and inconsistency that has, during the past week, rendered Asbury Park and Ocean Grove the targets for the scoffs of the irreligious, and the contempt of all common-sense Christians. He was enlarging on the subject of keeping holy the "Sabbath day," and in the course of his some-what perfervid address, he turned his guns on the press and fired a raking shot at the members of the "fourth estate." Facing the reporters' table, he gave utterance to the following very foolish sentiments:Š The man who sits on this platform and reports a sermon for a religious or secular newspaper is as big a sinner as the man who plows his field on Sunday. One man plies his vocation as web as the other. We hardly venture to imagine what would have been the feelings of this divine had he not seen his sermon in print on the Monday morning following. His indignation would have known no bounds, and would have vented itself in a tirade of abuse against the want of enterprise displayed by the local papers and the press correspondents. That is to say, his mortified vanity would have reproached these very men whom he had so fiercely attacked the day before for not being guilty of the very act which it had pleased him to call sinfulŠreporting his sermonŠwhich, by the way, could not have been set up in type without a further violation of what he improperly styled the Sabbath. We sup-pose, however, that Dr. Merrill would have the divine law suspended in his case, and in his only. But the inconsistency did not end there, The preacher branded the reporter as a " sinner," be-cause he was "plying his vocation "1 The reporter was doing no more than the preacher. The only difference was that the slave of the quill probably earned about three dollars by " plying his voca-tion " in reporting the sermon, while Dr. Merrill would put as money in his purse some fifty or one hundred dollars for the delivery of it. Had the man been preaching for nothing, for the pure love of saving souls, we should be the last to blame him. But when he was not only absent from his legiti-mate sphere of duty in Kansas, when he was not only enjoying what the reporter so seldom gets, a vacation without any stoppage of his salary, but was also making money as a " star preacher," his Utterances certainly savored naught of the divinely  commissioned messenger of salvation. They were redolent simply of Pharisaisin and hypocrisy. Of the two men, the reporter and not the preacher was best observing the Sunday by doing his duty faithfully. It is evident that the Sunday press and the Sunday preachers are at one in prac-ticeŠthat is, they both work for money on SundayŠthey are, at least, a thousand miles apart in opinion. A Well-Deserved Rebuke. THE following editorial under heading, " Uncharitable Sabbatarians," appeared in the Chicago Evening Post, of August 31, 1891:Š The Rev. L. McLean has been men-tioned before in these columns in connec-tion with the work of the so-called Amer-ican Sabbath Union, of which he is,  secretary. Mr. McLean attracted the at-tention of the Evening Post by the zeal rather than the discretion of his advocacy of his peculiar views on Sunday observ-ance and the violence of his aspersions upon those who do not assent to those views. It was intimated, in all charity, that such advocacy injured rather than assisted the cause of rational Sunday ob-servanceŠin which cause, be it remarked, the Evening Post is as much interested as the Rev. L. McLean or any other of that ilk. At the Wabash Avenue Methodist Church last night, Mr. McLean preached, lectured, declaimed or scolded once more on his favorite theme. The following sentences are extracted from the news-paper reports of his address :Š The papers assure us that we have a mayor. They say he claims to be able to manage the affairs of this great city while enjoying himself hundreds of miles away. Some say this apology for a mayor will stay away, and for my part, I think it would be as well if he did. We don't want that kind of a municipal head. . . . Our German mayor. It's an imposition and a disgrace to have such a mayor, and I pray to God that he will stay where he is 1 We join the great majority of Chicago's citizens in the hope that this impious prayer may not be granted. Mr. Wash-burne, besides having been lawfully elected mayor of this city, has attended pretty closely to his business ever since his elec-tion. Having fulfilled these requirements, it is not exacted of him that he should satisfy in all particulars an inconsiderable body of fanatics. True, the mayor has spent the, summer out of the city; but in so doing he not only has warrant of law, but has followed the example of many gentlemen of Mr. McLean's cloth, though with this difference : While the mayor has kept up constant communication with,  his office for the, transaction of necessary business, the vacation preachers lock their doors and give the key to the devil. There has been no considerable complaint of Mayor Washburne's absence front those who have the most right and interest to.  complain. It is possible that Mr. McLean has been misquoted in the papers. If he has, he is relieved from the unpleasant imputation of having abused a well-intending mayor, and insulted from the pulpit the 300,000 German-Americans in Chicago, who yield nothing to him in point of good citizen-ship, and most of whom might give him valuable instruction in that charity which lays at the base of all Christian conduct. As we have remarked before, Sunday ob-servance loses much and gains nothing by such ill-considered and uncharitable di-atribes of abuse. "STRANGELY enough, " says a correspond-ent of the Independent, "the very year that witnesses the Sunday opening of the Metro-politan Museum in New York, witnesses also the passing of a bill by the Danish Rigsdag providing for a more reverent observance of the Sabbath in this little land. The law of April 7, 1876, placed many restrictions upon the transaction of business on Sunday. These restrictions have now been extended, and the applica-tion of the law has been clearly defined. As in our own city, the law does not apply to restaurants or confectioners, or to man-ufactories in which uninterrupted work is necessary. It is provided, however, that in such cases the employes shall have, at least, every other Sunday free. Barber shops,' furthermore, may be kept open until noon. Under the head of manu-factories that require uninterrupted labor are included gas works, electric light sta-tions, sugar refineries, etc. Any violation of the law is punishable by a fine of from ten to two hundred kroner (MTh to $55). The law entered into effect June 3." As for the "civil Sabbath," there can be no such thing. Sabbath observance is a duty we owe to God, and not to man ; it is a subjective matter entirely; while things civil have to do only with the State, and our relations man to man. In God's law it finds a place where the duties to-ward him are defined, and in no other relation can it be placed, while things which we call civil are in that part of the law where man's relations to man, society, and the State, are defined. The laws of our land rightly may have to do with stealing, adultery, murder, false witness, etc., as these are civil matters; but I deny, sir, that they can have anything to do with idolatry, blasphemy, or Sabbath ob-servance, as these are not civil matters, and have to do only with the relations between man and his Maker.ŠRev. H. B. Maurer, Baptist. How about this agitation in favor of a Sunday law ? We are watching the fight closely, anxious to learn if the American people are ready to unite Church and State,ŠThe 