JULY 26, 1894. Al4f1F1ELICA.TV SIEIVICTNIOT_A. 237 lie insult to the government of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the development of the spirit of anarchy ? If civil government refuses to acknowledge divine au-thority mid law, if civil magistrates publicly trample upon divine commands, we may expect to produce a race of anarchists who fear neither divine nor human government. What, then, is the remedy ? Banish the whole secular idea from political life. Let reli-gion have its proper place in the public schools, and in all national institutions. Let laws be enacted and enforced avowedly in the name and by the authority of Almighty God and the mediatorial ruler, the Lord Jesus Christ. Let the constitutions of civil govern-ment be framed in accordance with the revealed prin-ciples of government. Then, and only then, will the nations be free from the danger of anarchy and expe-rience the blessedness of the nation whose God is the Lord. There you have the programme of the theocrats without the slightest attempt to qualify their demands. Church and State are to be one and that one the Church. This scheme enables them to say with apparent respect for the truth that they are opposed to the union of State and Church. They are. It is not union of two equal powers that they wish, but the fusing of them into an indivisible oneness, the State being absorbed by and into the Church and the resulting theocracy taking the place of both the secular civil State and of the churches, the latter hitherto depending largely upon their own re-sources, but hereafter to be sustained by the political arm of the new amalgamated church.ŠTruth Seeker. Why They Work on Sunday. ADVENTISTS work on Sunday not from sheer willfulness nor merely to assert a right which they may or may not exercise at their pleasure, but because they regard it as a sacred duty to habitually devote Sunday to secular purposes; and this because they understand that the fourth commandment establishes a difference be-tween the Sabbath and the six other days of the week, and requires men to respect that difference. To ignore this distinction between the Sabbath and the other days of the week is simply to defeat the object of the divine law, and to set up a coun-terfeit of the memorial which God has ordained to keep in remembrance the fact that he is the Creator of the heavens and the earth. It follows as inevitably as night follows day that W. B. Capps, now in the Weakley County, Tettn., jail, is there for conscience' sake. Strive to Merit It. THE Hon. James T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore bar, is well known to our read-ers, and by them held in high and grateful esteem for his noble defense of the princi-ples of religious freedom and civil equal-ity. Mr. Ringgold has written a book on the "Legal Sunday," which will form a number of the Religious Liberty Library very soon to be issued. The author dedi-cates the forthcoming volume to Seventh-day Adventists in the following highly appreciative language:Š TO MY FRIENDS, The members of the Seventh-day Adventist Church throughout the world : Those true representatives of the martyrs of old, inheriting their spirit, tasting somewhat of their experiences; persecuted for reli-gion's sake in " free " and " Christian " America, as were their prototypes in despotic and pagan Rome; 'like them hesitating not in the choice between "Diana and Christ ; " yet, when reviled, reviling not again ; may they yet, like them, make history; and by their firmness, their patience, above all by the example of their pure and beautiful lives, bring about the aban-donment of pagan practices and pagan modes of thought in all Christian lands. To you, Seventh-day Adventists, this work is dedicated with the assurance  that this world can offer no greater reward of en-deavor, no higher honor for the writer, than the priv-ilege of calling you, "My Friends." The expression of such sentiments, and their application to our people, imposes a sacred obligation to fulfill the position thus assigned to us. To appropriate un-merited praise is no credit to any one. To accept such lofty appreciation and make no effort to support the character ascribed to us would be a disgrace. God knows us better than Mr. Ringgold does. He in his providence has called us to stand in the very position outlined. Let us humbly strive with the help of divine grace to merit this eulogy, not only from those who know us among men, but from Him who sees not as man sees. ŠReview and Herald, S. D. Adventist Church paper. Intolerant as National Reformers. THE Ironclad Age, an atheistic paper, printed in Indianapolis, Ind., has upon its editorial page of its issue of the 14th inst., these two notes At Wilmington, N. C., one man sued another. As the plaintiff arose to testify, objection was made on account of his disbelief in a god. After some consid-eration by the judge, the man was allowed to testify on condition that he declared his belief in a god. To the great surprise of all present he did so. But as his non-religious views were well known, he preju-diced his case to such an extent that no conviction can be had. And such is our boasted religious liberty. We trust that the time will come when the cheerful doctrine of eternal torture will no longer be bellowed forth at camp-meetings and other godly assemblages by insane sensational rascals. We trust that the time will come when such work will be interdicted by law. In view of the second paragraph quoted, what right has the Ironclad Age to find fault that a witness is required to avow his belief in God before being permitted to testify ?ŠNone whatever. Of course the North Carolina practice is wrong. Every man ought to be permitted to tes-tify in a court of justice under the pains of perjury without any reference to his religious belief, and without any prejudice against him because of his faith or lack of faith; but the state of affairs that the Ironclad Age hopes to see would be much worse than the evil complained of. The National Reformers would overthrow the First Amendment to the Constitution in the interests of what they imagine is Christianity; the atheists of the Ironclad Age school would equally overthrow it in the interests of the blackest kind of infi-delity, the very midnight of unbelief. There is small difference between the in-tolerance of atheism and the intolerance of so-called Christianity; both are utterly destructive to soul liberty, and both are from the enemy of all righteousness. That this is true is evident from the fact that the Ironclad Age takes its stand with the enemies of the Constitution which declares that " Congress shall make no law concerning an establishment of re-ligion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." "We Can Put Them in the Stocks." THE times smack of religious tumult. Two moderators of the Presbyterian As-semblyŠthose of Sydney and BrisbaneŠhave been publicly accused of doctrines hateful to the church. Nearer home a brutal and licentious soldiery have dared to perform " equestrian exercises" on the Lord's day. Finally a judge of the Su-preme Court has confessed without shame that he read up the Speight vs. Syme case  on the Sunday afternoon. Well may Mr. James Balfour and Professor Renton', in the pauses of the Miss Sutherland contro-versy find time to wonder how it is that earthquakes are smiting Athens when the real offenders are nearer at hand. How-ever, no less pious a monarch than the second Charles has provided against the emergency, and already two Seventh-day Adventists have been sentenced to impris-onment in the stocks. These gentlemen insist on holding their Sabbath on the Saturday, and claim the right, having ful-filled their obligations to Providence, to follow their lawful calling on the Sunday. They must be taught the necessity of ob-serving two Sabbaths in the week. In the days when Charles the Second ruled, the glori-ous British nation, It is said, from paths of virtue he habitually swerved ; That he spent his whole existence in repulsive dissipa-tionŠ But at least he took precaution that the Sabbath was observed. He was prone, perhaps, to covet the possessions of his neighbor, Or his neighbor's wife or daughter, or his servant, or his ox ; But he held decided views upon the point of Sunday labor, And he punished all transgressors by confinement in the stocks. Let us cherish the remembrance of a prince so truly pious, And condone his little pleasures as the follies of a king, Close our eyelids to his vices, let them pass unheeded by us, Though in ordinary mortals it would be a different thing. Let us recognize his claim to take a prominent position In the calendar devoted to the saintly orthodox, And insert a special heading in the Sunday school petition, " May God bless Charles the Second, and may Heaven preserve the stocks." Let us all become detectives, down on Sabbath dese-cration, Let us catch the bold offenders in the very act of crime, That the stocks may never suffer from the lack of Ł occupation, And the prison and the pillory be going all the time. And whene'er we find a citizen who tries the Sunday watering, Of his twenty feet of grass plot or his bed of holly-hocksŠ Well, we can't resort to hanging, or to drawing, or to quartering, But all praise to Charles the Second, we can put him in the stocks. ŠThe Argus, Melbourne, Australia, May 12. Will Congress Rest Under It? THERE is upon the statute books what is known as the salary docking law, that is a law whereby a congressman absent from his seat without leave, unless on account of sickness, forfeits his salary for the time he is thus absent. July 11, Mr. Powers, of Vermont, reported to the House from the Judiciary Committee his bill repealing this salary docking law. The report ridicules the excuse for absence made by representatives in these words It is apparent that the excuse of sickness is one easily made, and it is suspected that it is sometimes assigned as reason for absence without any diagnosis of ailments by medical experts. In other words, the enforcement of this section practically makes every member a pathologist on the subject of disease, which is not a qualification for service in Congress mentioned in the Constitution, and so for this reason the law is plainly unconstitutional. It is believed that each house of Congress can, by an appropriate rule, better enforce the attendance of membevs than by a statute operative as a penal statute and evaded by every sub-terfuge. How seriously this is intended it is of course impossible to say. The idea that the law in question is unconstitutional on 