THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol,. 6, No. 1. NEW YORK, JANUARY 1, 1891.. No Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him,  y some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without,  pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it,simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Philadelphia Sabbath Association has taken formal action requesting Presi-dent Harrison to send to Congress a special message, recommending legislation that will secure the closing of the Columbian Exposition on Sunday. WE have repeatedly statedŠbut say it again for the benefit of some who seem not to know itŠthat we answer no anony-mous communication. Questions signed only, " Inquirer," " Subscriber," " Con-stant Reader," and the like, are promptly consigned to the waste basket. A LETTER from Burden, Kansas, informs us that Rev. G. F. Colvin, pastor of the Baptist Church at that place, preached a sermon recently, in which he took strong ground against the Blair Educational Amendment, as also against teaching re-ligion in the public schools. He declared that such measures savor strongly of a union of Church and State. THE President outraged the feelings of the National Reformers by omitting from his recent Thanksgiving proclamation all recognition of the Lord Jesus Christ. Even, the familiar words, " In the year of our Lord," were omitted from the date line. The Christian Statesman calls it not only " an unchristian," but an anti-Christian document, and Secretary Wylie says, in, derision, that its author was evi-dently profoundly ignorant of the Chris-tian religion. THE Evangel of Rest, the official organ of the Sabbath Association of Iowa, has, in its December number, the following misrepresentation of the position of this paper :Š The self-styled American Sentinel, a very Map. propriately named little sheet of sadly warped and squinted view, which condemns the use of the Bible in schools, the protection of the wage-worker's right to rest on the Sabbath, the prevention of po-lygamy or of any crime by law because it would unite Church and State, shows its intellectual grasp in the following review. We can regard this statement only as a malicions attempt to excite prejudice against THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, for the reason that we spoke in no uncertain tone upOn the question of the prohibition of  polygamy, no. longer ago than September 4, 1890. At that time we said : "The State must forbid polygamy in every case,. or else fail of the very object for which governments are instituted among men, namely, to preserve rights." Again, we said in the same article : 'Polygamy does necessarily invade natural rights; therefore the State cannot sanction it, but is in duty bound to prohibit it." The editorial article from which we quote these two sentences contained nearly six columns strongly condemnatory of polygamy, and justify-ing its suppression by law: Subsequently we printed two contributed articles, both of considerable length, and both defending the right of the State to forbid plural marriages. In view of these facts we think it is putting it very mildly to say that the Evangel's statement is a most unwarranted misrepresentation. Ł Now that Congress is again in- session the Sunday - law advocates are hard at work trying to secure from that body some substantial recognition of Sunday sacredness. The Breckinridge Sunday bill for the District of Columbia is, we are informed, to be pushed through if possible. In addition to this, Congress will be asked to take some action in regard to closing the Columbian Exposition, Sunday. Past failures have in nowise discouraged the National Reform cohorts. MR. CRAFTS is actively at work organ-izing local Sunday associations in this State. December 14, he was at Rome, New York, where he secured donations to the amount of $275.67 to be devoted to the distribution of Sunday literature, etc. A temporary organization was effected, and according to the published report, "a com-mittee of pastors and laymen was appointed to report a Constitution and. list of officers to a future meeting of the newly enrolled members. The society is not as yet allied to any State or national organization, but is independent and will probably devote itself wholly to local Sabbath reform." IN a recent Sunday-law case on trial be- fore a Spokane Falls, Washington, Court, an effort was made by the prosecuting attorney to exclude all Jews from the jury. To this the attorney for the defend-ant objected, as follow:Š The suggestion of the attorney would come to this: they would summon all Presbyterians or all Methodists and exclude all Jews. This is what the Constitution expressly prohibits. It provides that no religious test whatever shall be made' in this country, and Colonel Moore wants to challenge a man because he is a Jew. Is not that a religious test ? It seems to me outrageous to exclude a man because he is a Hebrew. We might as well exclude a man because he is an Irishman, or an Amerioan, or because he believes in nothing. It is simply impossible .to separate re-ligion and religious tests from Sunday laws and their eniurcement. AN exchange. remarks that " it has been the rule that unless one member of a Jew-ish family in Russia belong to the State Church, none of the family may either do business or work for pay.. Now a new ukase has been issued ordering that the whole family must join the church or all starve together. As might be .expected, under this, pressure many Jewish- converts to Christianity are reported." This is a sample of law-made Christians ! CAPTAIN MICHAEL BRENNAN, of Com-pany A,-  Sixty-ninth regiment, has been arrested in this city on the charge of parading his company to music on Sun-day, while returning from a funeral. The arresting officer testified to ordering the Captain to stop the band, but was driven off at the point of the bayonet by the members of the company. The arrest was made the next day, and the Captain was held in one hundred dollars bail for trial at General Sessions. This case will be a test of the. rights of the militia to parade with music on Sundays. WE have been criticised by an exchange for saying "dormant religious sects," and it has been suggested that " dominant " would have been the better word. So we thought when we wrote the note in which the word occurred, but the compositor had a different idea of the fitness of things, and the error was overlooked in proof-reading. We admit that, as our critic says, the sects are very wide awake and active in some di-rections. They have scented National Re-form, and though dormant spiritually, politically they are as lively as the pro-verbial cricket. THE Farmers' Alliance, in session at Ocala, Florida, unanimously passed this resolution : " We, the national Farmers' Alliance of America, believing that obe-dience and veneration for the laws of God are the conserving and saving force of human government, do hereby respectfully request that the directors of the great national Fair, to be held in 1892, do not desecrate the American Sabbath by keep-ing open the gates to the same on the Lord's day." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN RIGHT-PAGE WLEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests; and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY, PER YEAR, POST-PAID, . . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year  75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. 5s, Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 BOND STREET, NEW Yong, 