A.MT  hiaiTC.AN vol.. 11, No. 20. most pronounced type. It is legislation in favor of a particular class, who believe in Sunday as a day of rest; and it is legislation which forbids a certain kind of business upon grounds which would include all kinds, thus making an unjust discrimination. Upon this point the court said :Š In a law such as this no reason has been shown why the followers of one useful and unobjectionable em-ployment should be debarred from the right to labor upon certain days and not on others. When any such class is singled out and put under the criminal ban of such a law as this the law not only is special, unjust, and unreasonable in its operation, but it works an in-vasion of individual libertyŠthe liberty of free labor which it pretends to protect. The fact that the distinguishing feature of the " law" was that it gave prominence to the first day of the week as a day of rest, clearly shows that the real protection aimed at was protection for a religious institution; and the same is true of every Sunday "law " in exist- ence to-day. We trust that this decision will do some-thing to stay the rising tide of religious legis-lation which threatens to sweep away the lib-erties of the American people. 4.  ANOTHER VICTIM] OF SUNDAY-LAW INJUS- TICE. BY D. W. REAVIS. THE law as to the case of State of Alabama vs. W. J. Hasty, " for Sunday breaking," is as follows:Š Any person, who compels his child, apprentice, or servant to perform any labor on Sunday, except the customary domestic duties of daily necessity or com-fort, or works of charity must, for the first offense, be fined not less than ten, nor more than twenty dollars, and for the second, or any subsequent offense, must be fined not less than twenty nor more than one hundred dollars and may also be imprisoned in the county jail or sentenced to hard labor for the county, for not more than three months." The indictment:Š State of Alabama. Henry Co. Circuit Court at Co-lumbia. Fall Term, 1895. The grand jury of said county charge that before the finding of this indictment William J. Hasty did compel his child to perform labor on Sunday which was not the customary domestic duties of daily ne-cessity or comfort or works of charity, against the peace and dignity of the State of Alabama. On April 30 this case was called before Judge Foster, and the defendant was tried and convicted for compelling his child to perform labor on the first Sunday in June, 1895. The State brought three witnesses to prove that the child did work on that Sunday. These witnesses testified that they saw the child in the field plowing with the defendant, but did not know whether the father com-pelled him to plow or not. They simply saw him plowing; did not know how old he was. They knew he was a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, and that he kept Sat- urday for the Sabbath. They had been up the river and were on their way home, looking over the crop, when they saw the defendant forcing his child to plow. The State then put the child on the stand as a witness. He said he did plow on the Sunday in question, but that he did it of his own free willŠthat his father had never asked him to work on SundayŠthat he was a Sev-enth-day Adventist by profession and a mem-ber of that church, and that he worked every Sunday, having kept the day before as he be-lieved the Bible enjoined upon him to doŠhe claimed a right to work on Sunday in com-pliance with the command, " Six days shalt  thou labor"Šthat he was in his eighteenth year, and that he was accustomed to suggest-ing and planning the work on the farm, and that he himself proposed to plow a certain field of peas on the day in question. The attorney-general asked the witness if the defendant would allow him to work on his farm on Saturday. Witness did not know as to that, but he did know that the defend-ant could not compel him to work on Satur-day. The defendant did not testify, and had no witnesses, only those of the State. The State's Attorney, Richard H. Parks, entered enthusiastically upon his argument for the prosecution, using the well-known theory that Sunday laws have no part in religion, and that in this country all can believe and worship as they please, but they must obey the civil laws. He argued on the presump- tion of the law in that when the minor did an act jointly with the parent the law pre- sumed that it was done by the authority and the direction of the parent; and that in this case it was the duty of the defendant, in the face of the law, to compel the child to refrain from labor on Sunday. Hon. R. H. Walker, of Columbia, who vol-unteered his services in the defense of the de-fendant, took up the religious nature of the Sunday law, contradicting Mr. Parks as to its being only civil law, and tracing it back to the time of Constantine in A. D. 321, proved it to be a leading means of the union of Church and State at that time, and to be still upon the statutes of most every State as a relic of the Dark Ages. Mr. Walker took the position that the Sabbath and its observance belong alone to God; that in the command to " Render to Csar the things that are Coesar's, and to God the things that are God's," we are forbidden to render it to the State, to whom belongs neither the institution nor the right to command its observance, even to minors; and that for the State to force, by law, the observance of a day that God did not set apart for worship, was to force its subjects to disobey God; that God set apart the sev-enth day of the week (Saturday) for the Sab- bath, and commanded its observance, and as that was the most ancient law on this subject and given by God himself, whose right it was to establish it, and as this law has never been repealed it is binding upon all to this day, and that legislation upon the Sabbath ques-tion was not only religious legislation, but was unconstitutional and therefore void. Mr. Walker then explained that the intent of the Alabama Sunday law was merely to protect the rights of minors and servants who desired to observe Sunday when employed by those who were not under the restraints of said law themselves. That if a minor or servant did the work of their own free will the law could not hold that they had been compelled to do it. The following extracts from the judge's charge to the jury will bear out this interpretation of the law:Š It is not whether the boy of the defendant worked on Sunday, but whether the defendant compelled him to do so, that is, did he force him to do such work. Before the jury can reach a conviction of the defend. ant in the case, they must believe, from the evidence beyond all reasonable doubt and to a moral certainty, that the defendant compelled his son to work on the first Sunday in June, 1895; and unless this has been proven'by evidence to the exclusion of every reason-able doubt, the jury should acquit the defendant. If the jury should believe, from the evidence, that the minor son of the defendant worked at the time, as said by the State, of his own volition, and not compelled to do so by the father, then the defendant could not be guilty, and it would be the duty of the jury to acquit the defendant. Notwithstanding this charge and the above testimony in the case, the jury was only out a few minutes before they gave a verdict of  " guilty," placing the fine at $20, the limit of the law. To this is added the cost of $31.70. The defendant refused to give bond for cost and fine, and was placed in jail until he can be taken to the mines, where he will be forced to work it out at 30 cents per day. As the sheriff turned the key on the defendant, there was an exciting scene just outside the en-closure of the little old wooden jail. Some burst into tears as they exclaimed: " My God, I hate to see that!" Others offered to pay $5 to get him out, pronouncing such treatment to a good and honest man a shame and disgrace. Old comrades, who had served in the confederate army with the defendant, shed tears freely and swore that they would kick the jail down, while others gloated that the defendant was where he was, they being to a large degree the means of his imprison-ment. Altogether there was a lively discus-sion of the principles involved, with various conceptions of justice and law being enthusi-astically expressed. NOTE: A telegram received just before going to press says: "Friends paid Hasty out. He was held only two days." All lovers of justice and liberty will breathe a little freer to know that this innocent man is not to be compelled to labor in the mines under the nefarious contract system in vogue in Alabama; but this fact does not lessen the injustice of the verdict.ŠEDITOR SENTINEL. BIBLICAL INSTRUCTION IN COLLEGES. To a series of questions which were sent out last fall to seventy-two leading colleges of the country for the purpose of ascertaining to what extent biblical instruction is given, forty-one replies were received, which gave the information that in almost all of these the Bible is used to a greater or less extent as a text-book, and the interest in Bible study, as a rule, seems to be on the increase. PREACHERS OBJECT TO SUNDAY CYCLING. THE people shall not work on Sunday, neither shall they play, is the sentiment of the so-called Sabbath Protection League of Boston, as is witnessed by the following from the Boston Herald, of April 28:Š Sunday cycling was under consideration as the prin-cipal topic of interest before the meeting of the di-rectors of the New England Sabbath Protective League at Wesleyan Hall yesterday afternoon, and, although no definite action was taken on the sub-ject, an effort to reduce it will be made in the near future. The officers of the league do not object to the exer-cise itself any more than they do to walking or to rid-ing in a carriage, but they propose to use all the in-fluence they possess to discourage "club runs" on the Lord's day. These runs they regard as dangerous influences. They think they attract many, not merely from divine service, but from any observation of the day which is not more secular in its result than the manner in which they observe any other day of the week. The opinions of the members of the league on this subject are refinforced by letters from persons who are not members of the league, and some of whom are not even church members, protesting against the manner in which many of these cycling organizations conduct themselves on the sabbath. They claim that the bicyclers not only rob the day of all its sacredness, but transform it into a huge holiday. The league officers have not yet formed any plan by which to counteract this evil, as they consider it, but they will probably issue a circular appeal to the sev-eral clubs, asking them to refrain from these runs, and if this is not successful, they may attempt to ob-tain some legislation to control it. The secretary of the league, Rev. M. D. Kneeland, reported that interest in the work of the league is 