Vol No I THE YOUNG MAN .01, VW) LIKI MEN. OR STROH.. A MONTHLY JOURNAL AND RESEW fee,. sorroto eve W..J. DAWSON F. A. ATKINS w. E ColADSTONe CONTENTS One of the Very Best Popular Religious Books Ever Published Is BY Mrs. R. G. While. ŠI- 0 -I-- THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 103 " 2. Let the Pittsburg Sabbath Reform Conven-tion (March 29, Second United Presbyterian Church) be largely attended. " 3. Let every community be educated out of the popular fallacies about the Sunday paper, by numerous sermons and public meetings, and by a thorough distribution, through the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, or by the Young Peoples' Society of Christian Endeavor, of documents for non-church goers." Pennsylvania is indeed in peril; it is in danger of repeating its past errors of judicial and legislative precedent and establishing them upon its statute books beyond .the reach of any appeal. THE ability of National Reformers to make a dis-crimination without gny material difference, is well marked in an expression by Rev, N. H. Axtell, of Chicago: "Church and State were divorced in America that Christianity and the Nation might marry." The State is defined to be " a political body, or body politic, the whole body of people united under one government; a nation." A na-tion,Š " the body of inhabitants of a country, united under one independent government of their own." According to Mr. Axtell's own statement, there-fore, the State was divorced from the individual Church in order that it might be married to the en-tire family, under the family name of Christianity, in one adulterous union. This resembles very much the spiritual adultery against which the Bible in-veighs in terms of such terrible denunciation. THE enforcement of civil Sunday laws necessi-tates judicial and municipal decisions that Sunday, the first day of the week, is not the Sabbath. Ac-cording to the Boston Journal the people of Sharon, Massachusetts, have realized this fact and acted upon it:Š At the town meeting in Sharon the much-dis- Ł cussed question whether Sunday or Sabbath was the proper term to use, was decided, and the matter is no longer in doubt. A motion that the con-stables be authorized to enforce the laws against hunting and fishing on the Sabbath was made, and an amendment was made that the word Sunday should be substituted for Sabbath. This caused a heated discussion of nearly an hour, in which many took part. The amendment was carried by a small majority and the word Sabbath was changed to Sunday, and the motion as amended was carried. It is certain that this question is no longer in doubt, but how many, though knowing the right, will choose the wrong, and endeavor by the same civil Sunday laws (falsely so-called) to enforce upon others the acceptance of the error. Ł " AMERICAN State Papers Bearing on Sunday Legislation." Mr. William Addison Blakely, of the University of Michigan, has compiled an exceed-ingly interesting and valuable book, bearing upon questions just now well to the front. It is a com-plete epitome of legislative and executive action, and judicial decisions upon the Sunday question in the United States. It sets forth what the author marks as " The true American ideaŠabsolute sepa-ration of religion from the StateŠabsolute free-dom for all in religious opinions and worship." Agitators of the present day will take note of the fact that they are threshing over old straw that has been tramped and flailed during the century past. Mr. Blakely begins with the beginning of the Republic and traces his history clearly and con-cisely in all its prominent discussions. Good people have always differed upon the question of legal enactment for Sunday observance and the union of Church and State. But as in the beginning it was thought wise to make an absolute divorce between the twoŠthe great majority will go on thinking the same way. All history shows the danger when Church and State have combined. Christianity for its success needs no such union. The volume is one of great value, and a most careful compilation of facts bearing upon the subject ŠChicago Inter-Ocean. THE undersigned, being a regularly appointed transportation agent, will take pleasure in giving information concerning ships and arranging for a voyage for any one desiring such services. Berths on steamers should be secured as far in advance of date of sailing as possible in order to get the best available position. Write for list of proposed sail-ings, rates of nassage, etc. T. A. KILGORE. 43 Bond st., NEW YORK. CHRISTIAN TEMPERANCE. BY MRS, E. O. WHITE. This new work from the pen of this well-known author is one of the most important of her works, and presents her views upon the important subjects of health and temperance more fully than any of her previous writings. It is a volume of great interest and practical importance. No Seventh-day Adventist family can afford to be without it. Price, cloth, $1.25; cloth, gilt edges, $1.50. Address, GOOD HEALTH PUB. CO., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. THE "MEDICAL MISSIONARY." This little monthly ought to be in the hands of every person interested in missionary work at home or abroad. The Medical Missionary is the organ of the International Health and Temperance Associa-tion, and every month contains articles of live interest which do not appear in any other publica-tion. Each number is illustrated. The subscription price is 25 cents a year; the sum barely covers cost of paper and printing. The subscription price may be sent in postage stamps, postal note, or postal order, as is most convenient. Address, GOOD HEALTH PUB. CO., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. "The only paper of its kind in the world" THE MAGAZINE FUR YOUNG MEN "Young men are a power to-day in the church and the world, and a monthly that appeals directly to them can not fail to find a wide constituency. The new periodical seems admirably adapted to fill an unoccupied niche. "ŠChristian Intelligencer. 0100 PER YEAR SINGLE COPY 10 COS o.,711117C..,  I FLEMING H. REVELL COMPANY : toned. PUBLISHED BY FLEMING H. REVELL COMPANY, NEW YORK, 30 UNION SQUARE, E. CHICAGO, 148 & 150 MADISON ST. ANALYTICAL CONCORDANCE TO THE BIBLE, On an Entirely New Plan. Containing every word -In alphabetical order, arranged under its Hebrew or Greek original, with the literal meaning of each and its pronunciation. Exhibiting about 311,000 refer-ences, marking 30,000 VARIOUS READINGS in the NEW TESTAMENT. Designed for the simplest reader of the English Bible. By Robert Young, LL.D. Fourth revised authorized edition, printed on heavy paper. One large volume, 4to, cloth, $5.00; sheep, $6,00 Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City. Or, Oakland, Cal. The rare ability of the author in the presenta-tion of Scripture truth has never been used to bet-ter advantage than in this little work. " Steps to Christ" is not alone suitable as a guide to the in-quirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and suggestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of CONTENTS. 1. The Sinner's Need of Christ. 7. Growing up into Christ. 2. Repentance. 8. The Work and the Life. 3. Confession. 9. A Knowledge of God. 4. Consecration. 10. The Privilege of Prayer. 5. Faith and Acceptance. 11. What to do with Doubt. 6. The Test of Discipleship. 12. Rejoicing in the Lord. STEPS TO CHRIST is issued in a rich, neat cloth binding, gold and ink dies, at 75 cents per copy. THE PILGRIM'S PROGRESS By JOHN BUNYAN. Royal Octavo Edition in large type, and contains over 100 illustrations, 50 of which are full page. Cloth, with side stamp in ink and gold, $1.00. THE STORY OF JESUS. BY MRS. G. E. MORTON. A successful attempt to adapt the life of Christ to the comprehension of children of four years old and under. The charm of the story and the simplicity of the telling make this one of the very best books that can be given to a child. ŠNew York Observer. 12mo, 316 pages, cloth, printed in colors, $1.00. POLISHED STONES AND SHARPENED ARROWS, BY C. W. BIBB. SCRIPTURE TEXTS AND ILLUSTRATIONS FOR THE CHRISTIAN WORKER AND THE HOME. This volume was prepared to serve as a hand-book of illustra-tions for the 'preacher, the teacher, and the Christian worker, that they may abound more and more in every good word and work. An apt illustration will often touch the secret spring of the heart so that its door will swing open to receive the truth. The book is divided into twenty-three chapters, and contains an index to scripture texts to which the reader can quickly refer and find the illustration which accompanies the Bible text. The book conains 374 pages, bound in brown cloth, price $1.25. as Theabove named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. Or Oakland, Cal. 43 Bond St., New York City. SAMPLE COPIES MAILED ON APPLICATION 