22 THE AMERICAN 81Ł7-1**INVTL,. children, were counted as petitioners, many' of them several times over as mem-bers of various associations, yet only about 14,000,000 could be musteredŠless than one-fourth of the whole population. That does not look much as though this could be reckoned as a Christian Nation. And the Constitution was especially designed to ignore anything of the kind, leaving all religions on an absolute equality before the law. Then in enumerating the enemies of the Sunday-law movement, the speaker is re-ported to have said : " First are the infidels who include a great number and variety of thought. They would strangle every effort that tended to the propagation of the gospel." What has a mere civil rest-day to do with the propagation of the gos-pel ? Again he says : " There are the Seventh-day Adventists, who are very unreasonable in their opposition, for we make exceptions of those who for religious scruples would adopt another day as their day of worship." Here is a further expose of the fact that a day of worship is contemplated, and only those are exempted who are religious on some other day (the petition which is be-ing circulated says " regularly " religious). This exemption directly places a premium on religion, by granting Sunday indul-ence to religious people. That was quite a pertinent_ (or, was it impertinent ?) allusion made by the speaker to Judge Terry; he was the only judge who had decided against the constitution-ality of Sunday laws, and he was after-ward shot. Surely no other judge will ever dare to follow his example in that kind of decision. The constitutionality question may be considered as settled ! The speaker further said : "In the teeth of his (Judge Terry's) adverse decision, the Legislature of this State passed a Sun-day law which was upheld by the Supreme Court." Now why did not the Doctor go on and tell the rest of that bit of history. That the State Sunday law, which was passed " in the teeth " of Judge Terry's decision, was allowed to be dormant on the statute book for nearly twenty years, and was forgotten by almost everybody. Finally about the years 1881-82 some zealous preachers discovered the hidden treasure, and determined to dig it up and have it enforced. Complaints, however, failed to convict more than a very few victims, hardly any of whom were of that class de-nominated "the greatest curse the country knows." And " in the teeth " of this spasmodic tirade, the people spoke in the most em-phatic terms. They voted down the Sun-day law, by an overwhelming majority. The Legislature of 1883 promptly repealed it, and a subsequent Legislature as promptly squelched an effort to revive it. And moreover, the Sunday has been more deferentially observed without a law than  it was with it, and even the most zealous Sabbath Unionist of them all (Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts) has acknowledged the fact in his book on Sunday observance. I submit, then, what must be patent to all reasonable minds, that if the American Sabbath Union succeeds in foisting its scheme upon the people of California, it will have to induce the Legislature to vio-late the express will of a large majority of the people.Š W. N. Glenn, in San Jose Daily Times, November 28, 1890. Religion in Schools. OUR friend, the Rev. Dr. Osborn, seems to have got into a newspaper controversy upon the above subject, with one Rev. George Shipman Payson. This crossing of steel (pens) by the .reverend gentlemen, one a Baptist and one a Presbyterian, is in the columns of the Examiner, a Baptist paper. So far, Dr. Osborn has got the better of the argument. We quote the following from Dr. Osborn's letter :Š We profoundly believe that our brethren of other denominations are treading, in this movement, on dangerous ground; the most dangerous by far, be-cause under the captious assumption of instruction in morals, and because put forward by so influential names as those of Howard Crosby and his associates, and so influential ecclesiastical bodies as the Synod of New York, and other organizations joining in the Conference. If the State may teach religion in schools sup-ported by general tax, the question at once and of necessity arises, What religion shall it be ? The Protestant religion of the bodies composing this Conference, the pagan religion of the New York Chinamen, or the Roman Catholic religion, which, nearly, if not quite, controls the school boards of the City of New York ? The answer to that ques-tion, under our system of Government by the ma-jority, will depend simply upon which religion has a majority of adherents in the State. As soon as religious doctrine is taught in schools, the word, which 2 becomes the most important in the vocabulary. Under our system of Govenament, those who es-pouse one doctrine have equal rights with those who are the followers of another. Ł It would be no more than natural that the adherents of each doctrine would be pound-ing away at the school-house door demand-ing the admission of their especial theo-ries. It would be necessary to comply with the demand of the advocates of one and leave out the advocates of the other doctrines. Now, which would it be ? If the Government should attempt to answer that question in favor of any one doctrine, there would be a cruel religious war upon its hands wherein the hand of brother would' be raised against brother. Upon this question the views of the Bap-tist are far more broad, more liberal, and more sensible than the views of the Pres-byterian brother. We believe that the Baptist people have been accused of being narrow-minded, close communion, and of trying to get into heaven with a row boat ; but upon this question, under the lead of of Dr. Osborn, the Baptists have taken that liberal position that is nobility itself.  Their position is not only liberal but a position of patriotism, worthy of a great church people: In our jucigtneut it is not easy to legis-late people into heaven or hell. Religion is a matter of conscientious convictions, and no law can assist one in the fulfillment of his duties to his Maker. Our schools are under the jurisdiction of the State, but the Christianity of the people of the State is not. Our schools are of too much importance, and far too sacred to be ruined by any religious quarrel. ' Dr. Osborn is right.ŠOrleans Herald. Ł-Ł  The Decalogue in Politics. THE declaration of Senator Ingalls that " the Decalogue and the Golden Rule have no place in a political campaign," is thus replied to by Rev. Dr. Thomas Dixon, a Baptist minister of New York, as quoted in the Buffalo Christian Advocate :Š This Nation was founded on the Decalogue and the ten commandments. The men who landed on Plymouth Rock, landed on their knees. The founda-tions of this Republic were cut from the quarry of God's eternal granite. Its foundation stones were laid in cement made with the tears and blood of Christian men and women. The man who has out-grown the Decalogue and the Golden Rule has out-grown his usefulness in this Nation. The " decalogue and the ten command-ments," must constitute a strong founda-tion; but would it not be more truthful to say that this Nation was founded on the Declaration and Constitution--the declara-tion of equal rights to all men, which is in perfect accordance with the Golden Rule, and a Constitution which was designed to protect all in the exercise of all their rights both civil and religious ? One who abides by the teaching of the Golden Rule can ask no more of civil government in respect to religion than to be protected in worship-ing God according to the dictates of the Word of God and his own conscience. The " the tears and blood of Christian men and women," with which he says the foundation of our Government was ce-mented, most naturally calls to mind the persecutions of Baptists, and Quakers, and others in New England before the forma-tion of our peerless Constitution, the re-currence of which it was desired to prevent in the future by protecting all religions, and establishing none. What is meant by "a religious amend-ment," of a Constitution which has noth-ing to do with religion but to protect the rights of all ? It can mean nothing short of perverting the prohibition which says, " Congress shall make no laws respecting an establishment of religion or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof." R. F. COTTRELL. HUMAN power may extort vain sacri-fices, but the Deity alone can command the affections of the heart.ŠCol. Richard IL Johnson. 