  "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ.   VOLUME 13. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 22, 1898. NUMBER 37.       ALL religious legislation puts a barrier between man and God. = Š No LAW of man was ever power-ful enough to drag a soul to 'Christ. THE true evan-gelist points the weary and bur-dened soul to 'Christ, not to the law. IF the Sab-bath is not the -seventh day of 'the week, it is not the seventh -day of anything. SINCE all men must come to 'Christ to find rest, the rest which the Sab-bath law enjoins must be relig-ious. No MAN can come to God save through Jesus Christ, and no man can come to Christ sav e through the free-dom of his own will. INSTITUTIONS which rest upon a basis of truth, are much more stable than those which rest merely upon a legal basis. —• 444  THE law of the Sabbath, which commemorates creation, is no more un-certain or imperfect in any way than the laws by which creation is governed. 4..  4, SOCIETY needs not the restriction of new laws, but liberation from the old laws inwrought in human nature, which hold men in the ruts of sin and error. THE SUNDAY LAWS A BARRIER BETWEEN GOD AND HUMANITY, JESUS CHRIST says, "Come unto Me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." Those only who accept this invitation will find rest It must be an act of their own free will. But the Sunday laws are for the purpose of compelling the "heavy laden," and all people, to rest. And to be compelled to rest is not accepting an invitation to rest; free will and forced will are exactly opposite conditions. And therefore those who yield to the Sunday lawsŠthose who are com-pelled by themŠby that very thing,shut themselves away from receiving the rest which Christ offers, and which they need. They are shut away from the blessing of God. IT is religion, and that alone, which keeps the Sabbath rest from becoming a period of aimless inactivity positively demoralizing to mind and body, PEOPLE who think they ought to legislate upon religious matters should remember that a good motive did not protect Uzzah when he put forth his  human hand to steady the ark of God. CONSCIENCE should be the only compelling power in all re-ligious observ-ances. IF men would be careful to give to God as much as they exact from their fellow-men, there would be far less hypoc-risy practiced in the name of re-ligion. IF God had not meant to make his Sab-bath law plain to human com-prehension, he would not have used in express-ing it so many words of one syllable. THE working-man needs the support of a moral strength-ing within, rath-er than the prop-ping up of relig-ious laws from without. 