!-` JULY 9, 1896. SIENTrIPIENTIMEA 211 ent conclusion it is necessary to ignore some very prominent and important Scriptural truths. 1. Christ's kingdom is not of this world. This the Saviour plainly stated when he stood before Pilate, and the meaning of his words is not doubtful. " If my kingdom were of this world," he added, " then would my ser-vants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews." John 18:36. His kingdom therefore does not pertain to the domain of civil authority; for the exercise of such authority is inseparable from force of arms. If Christ were a civil ruler over men, force would be everywhere exercised for the sup-pression of wrong, and there would be no such thing as persecution of Christians. But he permitted the Jews to seize him, rebuking Peter for drawing the sword in his defense, and suffered himself to be put to death upon the cross. And he has never instructed his followers to use force against those who would deprive them of life or property. 2. The " prince of this world " who "work-eth in the children of disobedience," is Satan. John 14: 30; Eph. 2: 2. The devil is now permitted to work out his evil purposes among men, not because God has not the power to stop him, but because the exercise of prevent-ive force does not pertain to his present method of dealing with sinners. He will manifest his power as sovereign ruler over all things the moment that mercy ceases to be held out to sinners through the provisions of the gospel. 3. Christ refused to be made a king by the people. John 6:15. 4. He refused to receive the kingdoms of this world as a gift from the devil. Matt. 4: 8-10. The Saviour knew that the pos-session which Adam had lost by becoming the servant of Satan, muit be purchased back by the blood of the cross. The kingship of this world can no more be put in the hands of Christ by the act of sinful man than by the gift of Satan. 5. This present world is not reserved to be the abode of righteousness and the visible kingdom of .Christ, but is reserved unto fire, which shall consume it at the great day of destruction and perdition of ungodly men. 2 Pet. 3:7. 6. The "kingdom, and dominion, and the greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven," is finally to be given to " the people of the saints of the Most High." Dan. 7:27. This necessitates the destruction of the wicked, by whom the world is now filled. 7. In this world the many go in the broad road that leads to destruction, and but few walk in the path that leads to life. Under such a condition of things no Christian civil government on earth could be possible. 8. When God sets up his kingdom on the earth, all earthly kingdoms will be swept away like chaff before it; they will be visited with eternal destruction. Dan. 2: 34, 35, 44, 45. 9. The kingdoms of this world are not given into the hands of Christ until the time comes when God will judge the dead and bestow the rewards upon his servants. Rev. 11:15, 18. This takes place in connection with the second coming of Christ in the clouds of heaven. Matt. 16: 27. 10. When Christ takes the kingdoms of this earth, it is only to " dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." Ps. 2: 8, 9. This is the only thing that can be done with unright-eous kingdoms. 11. The actual scene which this earth will present when Christ comes will be that of " the beast [Papacy]rand the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to  make war against Him [Christ] that sat on the horse, and against his army." Rev. 19: 19. And the outcome is that the former are utterly destroyed before him. Verses 20, 21. All these are truths of great scriptural prominence and of the utmost consequence, which the party who are trying to reform this present world by religious legislation entirely ignore. Yet they talk to us about the " plain teaching of the Scriptures," and the " clear testimony of the word," as being in harmony with their unchristian and im-possible undertaking. The only purpose of the gospel of Christ in our world to-day is to save individuals. For this purpose let the gospel be preached in all the world, as " the power of God unto salva-tion to every one that believeth." Salvation can come only through faith, which is individual belief. As for the earth and the kingdoms and governments upon it, they are reserved unto the day of destruction and perdition of ungodly men, when they will utterly pass away, just as the word of God has said. s. PLANS TO UNITE CHRISTENDOM. Two plans for the " reunion of Christen-dom " are now before the religious world for consideration. One is the old familiar plan of Rome, elu-cidated by the popes and set forth again in the recent encyclical of Leo XIII., which amounts simply to an invitation to the Prot-estant and Greek churches to surrender to the church of Rome. The question of the valid-ity of anglican orders has brought the papal plan of reunion into much prominence of late as a theme of discussion by leading minds in the opposing churches, but no definite &ction seems likely to result in the direction of the end sought. The pope is willing to receive all dissenting bodies graciously back into the fold of Rome as soon as they will come to him in humble submission. But they must come all the way to him; he will make no material advance toward them. The other plan is not altogether new, hay-ing been foreshadowed at times in the pro-ceedings of certain Protestant bodies; but not until the recent session of the General Assem-bly of the Southern Presbyterian Church at Memphis, Tenn., has it assumed a definite shape. At that gathering, during the consid-eration of the report of the Committee on Sabbath Observance, the following was pro-posed as a part of the report, and " heartily adopted :"Š The permanent committee on the sabbath is autho-rized and directed to take such steps as may be neces-sary to arrange preliminaries for securing a united and simultaneous effort on the part of the different denominations of Christians in the United States to get up a mammoth petition to the civil authorities for the enactment and enforcement of laws to stop all unnecessary State and inter-State travel and traffic on the sabbath day. Under the inspiration of this thought, the Christian Statesman, turns its vision upon the near future and exclaims: " What a magnifi-cent illustration would this be of the real unity of churches of Christ. In such practi-cal work as this for the kingdom of our Lord will be reached the complete fulfillment of his prayer that all his people may be one." The Presbyterian Assembly has struck the key-note of union for the claihing religious sects; not, indeed, such union as that for which Christ prayed in his memorable peti-tion for unity among his followers, but a union which will admit of a united ex-penditure of effort for a common purpose,  that purpose being the exaltation of Sunday. Whatever else the churches cannot agree on, there is general unity upon the idea that Sun-day is the Christian sabbath, and ought to be observed as such by all individuals. The plan proposed at the Presbyterian Assembly aims to set the churches into a grand concert of action upon this basis. We look for defi-nite results in the line of "Christian unity" Šman-madeŠfrom this beginning. s. Ł Ł  MISREPRESENTING THE GOSPEL. THE colored supplement of the Sunday World, of June 28, devotes a page to illustra-tions, picturing " the busy life of a great preacher," under the " reform " reginn6 of the present day. The illustrations present the well-known face and figure of a prominent New York City clergyman, and cover the principal events of one day's work. He ap-pears at 9: 30 o'clock, A. H., seated at his desk, " giving out his views to the press." At 10:30 he is shown inspecting the street-cleaners. At 11: 30 he appears as prosecutor of a female delinquent in a police court. At 12: 30 he interviews a prominent politician of the city. At 1: 30 he takes tea and discusses matters of city government with the mayor in the latter's office. At 2: 30 he is in the crim-inal court to witness the proceedings in a prominent murder trial. At 4: 30 he inspects a police parade, and at 8: 30 appears in the final scene of the day as umpire at a prize fight. There would be nothing about this worth mentioning were it not for the amount of truth which the illustrations represent. For the most part, they have been suggested by actual occurrences in the experience of the promineirt-CIergyman be4(1re mentrun-eir.ŠAmr the worst of it is that the general public know that such illustrations do not fall far short of the truth. They get the idea that such exer-cises constitute a legitimate part of the work of a minister of the gospel; and thus the divine calling is lowered to a level where it is shorn of its beauty and power, and forfeits not only the reverence but even the respect of very many whom it should reach and save. s. SUNDAY IN GERMANYŠTHE OLD STORY. BY F. W. SPIES. A anosE observer cannot fail to discover the similarity of procedure on the part of many religious leaders of the nineteenth century, as compared with the procedure of the so-called leaders in religious thought of the fourth and fifth centuries. We see in either case, an endeavor, to bolster up institutions, the reason for whose existence cannot be found in the Word of God. But, as these re-ligious leaders profess to minister in the things of God, it is not at all strange that we should see them claiming divine origin for these institutions, if not by attempting to bring biblical proof of such origin, at least by attaching such names to them, as would lead the less well-informed persons to think they are really such. But while the gospel is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth (Rom. 1:16), and hence all divinely-ordained institutions possess this power in themselves, it is just as evident that the power of God does not sanction and lend its aid to promul- 