lEqual and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferso,A. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, AUGUST 28, 1889. NUMBER 31. 11112e An2eFiesar2 SeOir2el. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE.  PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND,'CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. THE district secretary of the Des Moines, Omaha, and Denver districts of the American Sabbath Union's organization is Rev. M. A. Gault. What he shall say their object is, is authoritative because he is one of the principal officials. What then, is the object of the movement to secure a national Sunday law? In the Missouri` State convention, he said "Now we take the ground that government should compel divine authority on this question. Govern-ment should say to the people, you must keep the Sabbath, and have the Sabbath rest secured to all classes not merely because it is good for you, but be-cause God says so. Because there is a divine ap-pointment behind the question." That is definite, and to the point. Being offi-cial, it can be relied on,Łas the ground upon which the National Sunday-law movement rests. IN order that liberty of conscience may re-main inviolate, as intended by our Constitution builders, there must be an absolute separation of Church and State, religion and public schools; and in order to guide the public school system onward to the fulfillment of the mission that called it into existence, it is necessary to keep the public schools free from religious influences, from theological disputes and sectarian teachings. The fatality of mixing up religion with popular education is well illustrated by the present con-dition of Germany, where atheism and infidelity exist to a larger degree than in any other civil-ized country. Nothing can work So great a hardship as to cram into the minds of children religious opinions opposed to their home training Šopinions, perhaps, which they have been taught to regard as fatal to eternal salvation. The only one that will be pleased at this is the teacher who is spreading on earth the dogma of some particular creed. Religious instruction in the public school means a gradual retrogression to the union of Church and State, and this union means a tyrannical government and a corrupt priesthood. It has been so in all ages, and we are not so superior to our ancestors that we may thrust our hands into the fire and escape without being burned. Religious instruction ought not to be ignored, but the home and church are the places wherein both precept and example will be most effective; but if liberty of conscience is val-ued at all, keep religion away from public schools. ŠOregonian. Some "constitutional " Arguments for a National Sunday Law. WillatEvm1 the Sunday-law movement is ad-vocated it is met with the valid objection that a national Sunday law would be unconstitutional. The field secretary of the American Sabbath Union has had to meet this more in the last few months than has anybody else in this country, because his work has been more widely carried on, and he attempts to answer the argument. He attempts to prove, and to his own satisfaction proves, that Sunday laws are strictly constitu-tional. The first step in his argument is Łthat "the supreme courts of twenty-five States have declared them to be constitutional." And he seems ta be astonished almost out of countenance to think that anybody in this Nation should deny the unconstitutionality of a national Sunday law in the face of such an overwhelming argument as that .the supreme courts of most of the States should say that they are constitutional. We have heard the field secretary several times on this point, and for some time we were considerably at a loss to decide in our own minds whether the argument was a piece of deliberate sophistry or whether the gentleman supposed it actually to be the truth. The field secretary of the American Sabbath Union needs to become informed upon this subject to the extent that he shall know that decisions of supreme courts of States have no bearing whatever upon questions of national law. A thing might be constitutional and declared so to be by the supreme courts in all the States of the Union and yet it might be wholly unconstitutional if framed into a national-law. In many things the States can do what the Nation cannot do. Article X. of the United States Constitution says, "The powers not dele-gated to the United States by the Constitution nor prohibited by it to the States are reserved to the States respectively or to the people." There are powers that are not delegated to the United States; there are powers that are not prohibited by it to the States. These still remain with the States or with the people, therefore the States may exert such powers under their own constitu-tions, while it would be wholly unconstitutional for Congress to attempt to exercise such powers. The enactment and the enforcement of Sunday laws is one of these powers. We know full well that the States have declared Sunday laws to be con-stitutional because in these things the States can do what they please unless forbidden by their own constitutions. All this is true, and it is equally true that a national Sunday law would be unconstitutional. State constitutions and de-cisions have no bearing whatever upon that ques-tion. When the field secretary next speaks upon this subject, we ask him for his own sake not to  presuhie upon the ignorance of his hearers by passing off the supreme court decisions of the States as though they were the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States. The next step in his argument is that it 'would be constitutional because the Constitution already -contains a Sunday law in itself in the phrase, "Sundays excepted" in the clause which allows the President ten days to consider a bill. But this argument is also sheer fallacy, because that clause does not undertake in any sense to control the action of the President on that day. It does not even say nor imply that he shall not sign a bill on Sunday. The phrase is,simply the recog-nition of the fact that the President of the United States may be a person who deems Sunday to be a holy day, and the Constitution in harmony with itself throughout, in this simply recognizes the right of every man to the free .enjoyment of his religious profession if he makes any. Suppose the President of the United States should be a man who regards Saturday as the holy day and observes it religiously, and he should except the Saturdays and count the Sun-days in those ten days. The Constitution would sanction that action as fully as it would the ac-tion of the President who deems Sunday a holy day. Suppose further, that the President were a man who makes no religious profession at all; suppose in fact he were an infidel, cared noth-ing whatever for Sunday as such, and should actually sign a bill on that day; that bill would thus become a law as certainly as those that were signed on Monday, or any other day of the week. That phrase does not in any sense conflict with the first amendmentknor does it sanction in any way the demand that is being made upon Con-gress to pass a law establishing the religious ob-servance of Sunday or declaring what people shall or shall not do on that day. The fallacy further appears in this that whereas the Constitution through thus excepting Sunday, does not in any way propose to say what the President shall or shall not do on Sunday, nor to touch upon his actions in any way upon that day, the Sunday-law workers demand that this as "the acorn" shall be expand° 1 into such a mighty oak as shall cover every action of every soul in this Nation on Sunday, and under which shall be declared what things only can be done on that day not only by all the people but by the President himself. This certainly is to force in-finite possibilities from infinitessimal proportions. But there is nothing too extravagant to be be-yond the demands of this would-be hierarchy. The next argument is that Sunday work and the carrying of Sunday mails "is an infringement of the first amendment to the Constitution" which prohibits Congress from making any law prohib. 