80 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. TI-2e An2ericai2 gel2th2el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER, 1887. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE Christian Union commenting upon the Mormon Constitution for the proposed State of Utah, which pretends to prohibit polyg-amy, says :Š "Shutting polygamy out of the State Con-stitution will no more make Utah a Monog-amous State than putting God into the Na-tional Constitution would make the United States a pious nation." That is a most apt illustration of National Reform and its pretensions. It is the whole National Reform scheme in a nutshell. READ the report of the Lakeside (0.) Na-tional Reform Convention, which appears in this number of the SENTINEL if you think that the National Reform movement is only a bugbear, and that there is no danger of its attaining sufficient proportions to warrant giving it any attention. Dr. McAllister's statement that their amendment will be se-cured by 1896 at the latest, and that it may come in 1892, is not a wild one. The leaven is working in all classes of society, and yet people are asleep to the danger. The SENTI-NEL, did not enter the field a day too soon. It will do all that it can to sound the alarm; who will second its efforts? 0 0 WE have a verbatim report of all the ad-dresses delivered at the Lakeside National Re-form Convention, and also of the questions and answers. Thus we have a good stock of the latest utterances on National Reform, by those who are at the head of the move-ment. The answers to some of the questions reveal very fully the real spirit of the move-ment, and we shall give some of them to our readers in the next number. We design to make the next number of the SENTINEL the best that has ever been issued, and that is simply in the line of our purpose to make each number better than the one which pre-ceded it. 0 0 A FEW days ago we received five hundred and ninety-four subscriptions for the SENTI-NEL, accompanied by the cash, from a single canvasser. This is the largest list yet sent in by any one man, but we hope it will not long remain the largest. There are scores of men who could do as well. The publishers give a liberal commission on SENTINEL subscriptions, because the journal is not run for the purpose of making money, but for the purpose of warning the people of the United States of the impending danger. Where 'are the men who see this danger, who will help sound the alarm by increasing the circulation of the SENTINEL? PRUSSIA'S hobnobbing with the Papacy has begun already to bear the unfailing fruit of a legal recognition of Romanism. A Lutheran minister in Prussia was recently sentenced to nine months' imprisonment for "insulting" the Romish Church. The insult consisted in publishing a pamphlet in which he remarked that the Romish apostasy is "built upon su-perstition and idolatry." And for such " in-sulting" remarks as this, to prison for nine months their author had to go. And this in the land of Luther! Let Prussia be called no more a Protestant country. She has been surrendered bodily to the Papacy, and Rome rules there, and that in Rome's own wicked way. THE National Reform scheme still gathers strength as it goes. Hitherto the Christian Union has been opposed to it, but now it too has fallen into line. In an editorial, Septem-ber 8, endorsing a National Reform circular, the Union strikes the genuine sanctimonious-political tone of the regular National Reform key, thus :Š "The political aim of Christianity is to bring forth a time in which Christianity shall control the caucus, religion shall control poli-tics, the politicians shall be saints, and the polls shall be holy ground." "This know also that in the last days, per-ilous times shall come. For men shall be . . . blasphemers . . . having a form of godliness." 2 Tim. 3 :1, 2, 5. THE Rev. F. S. Hatch, of Hartford, Conn., telling in the Congregationalist of the success of the Connecticut law forbidding railway trains and traffic on Sunday, says that " Bap-tists, Episcopalians, Methodists, and Roman Catholics have united with Congregationalists in the successful attempt to secure this re-form." He says the condition of affairs is not yet perfect, but that "it is a fresh -illus-tration of the familiar truth that no evil in our midst can stand against the determination of the united Christian Church." And if the supposed evil happens to be a good, it is all the same. This is a pointer which shows how this church affair may easily be made national when the work of National Reform shall have progressed a little further. .6  0 4- BESIDES the Lakeside National Reform meet-ing mentioned elsewhere, there was also a most important one at Saratoga Springs, Au-gust 15, 16; and 17. This was a meeting al-most altogether of ministers from different parts of the country. Dr. Price, president of the Young Ladies College, Nashville, Tenn.; Dr. Cowles, president of Elmira Female Col-lege, New York; Rev. J. H. Smythe, New York City; Dr. Parmelee, Jersey City; Dr. Kerr, Richmond, Va. ; Dr. McFarland, Vir-ginia; Dr. Herrick Johnson, Chicago; Dr. Smith, Baltimore,  Moderator of the Presby-terian General Assembly 1887 ; Rev. Mr. Foster, Saratoga; Dr. Dowd, Temple Grove Seminary, Saratoga; Dr. Leech, Saratoga, ex-chaplain New ŁYork Senate; Rev. Samuel McLanahan, Baltimore; Rev. Mr. Winn, Pet-ersburg, Va.; Dr. Niles, York, Pa. ; Prof. E.  N. Jones, principal Saratoga Public Schools; Rev. Mr. Tufts, Munson, Mass.; Rev. Mr. Sawyer, East Hampton, Mass.; Rev. Mr. Lan-phear, Beverly, Mass.; and Joseph Cook, the Boston Monday Lecturer, were the prominent speakers in the meeting. Dr. Herrick John-son presided. Preserve this list. ,You will have use for it in the future. AN exchange says :Š " The law cannot make a man moral, but it can make him dreadfully uncomfortable when he is immoral." Well, that depends. It is true that the law cannot make a man moral; and if it is the law of the land that is referred to, as we suppose it is, then we know that a man may be terri-bly immoral without suffering the least incon-venience from the law. The trouble is, peo-ple have a very low standard of morality. If a man does no open violence, nor cause any serious inconvenience to his neighbor, he is called a moral man; whereas, a man may do nothing for which the law could molest him, and still be as corrupt as the grave. It should be understood that civil laws cannot make men moral, and are not for the purpose of punishing immorality, but simply for the purpose of protecting the rights of people; in short, to deter men from acting in an uncivil manner. A WRITER in the Evangelical Churchman, of Canada, makes a strong plea for the Canadian Legislature at its next session to pass an Act authorizing the Governor-General "to issue a proclamation prohibiting all Sunday railway traffic throughout the entire dominion, at such a date as a similar Act shall come into oper-ation in the United States." He says that "when the people of the United States know that Canada has passed an Act against Sun-day railway traffic, which must remain inop-erative until their own Congress passes a sim-ilar Act which in connection with the Cana-dian one would stop all Sabbath desecration by railway and steamboat companies, and when they are appealed to as they will be by pulpit and press, they will say, ' This thing must be done." This appeal by pulpit and press is even now being made, loud enough to be heard even to Canada. How long will it be before the thing shall be accomplished? 0 0 CHRIST'S kingdom is not of this world. - The church is not a Police Board, not Ciesar's lieutenant, but a saviour of lost sinners. Its simple, sole, glorious mission is to bring sin-ners to Jesus by preaching the gospel to them with the Holy Ghost sent down from Heaven. ŠSt. Louis Observer. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fac .'rnii MS. Single Copy, per year,  50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscription, post- paid  2s. Ł Specimen copies free. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 