THE ANIERICA.N SENTINEL. 59 kingdom " has already " openly advocated bap-tizing the emperor and a few of the nobles, that Japan may be considered a Christian na-tion." It declares, "Christian blue is the fash-ionable color, and not Buddhist brown; therefore let us put on a blue coat." So if the National Reform Party would have the glory of starting Japan in the race of Christian nations, it is es-sential that its missionaries be sent speedily. Lot not our readers suppose for an instant that Mr. Pettee asks for any such thing as the National Reform movement would supply, or that he would indorse it. He has too much respect for Christianity for that. He rightly gives this subject the title of "A New Peril in Japan; " and declares in words of solid truth, "The last thing a true Christian desires to see in Japan is, Christianity proclaimed the State religion." So say we, in Japan or in any other country; least of all in our own. But that is exactly what the National Reform Party pro-poses to establish in this country, and aims to create here the identical condition of affairs as that into which Japan is about to plunge. And were its purpose accomplished, that would be the darkest day that Christianity has ever seen in America. A. T. J. Will "National Reformers" Persecute? IN the "National Reform" Convention held in Pittsburgh, in February, 1874, Dr. A. A. Hodge made a speech in favor of the proposed amendment, in the course of which he uttered the following words:Š " If the Christian majority prevail and main-tain Christian institutions, the infidel minority will be just where they have always been, in the exact position in which they voluntarily accepted citizenship; and while they may be restrained from some self-indulgence, they can be constrained to no violation of their convic-tions. " On the other hand, if the unbelieving mi-nority prevail, the Christian majority will lose that precious heritage from their fathers, which they hold in trust for their children, and they will be outlawed. For, when the law of man contradicts the law of God, the Christian has no alternative but to obey the law of God, dis-obey the law of man, and take the conse-quences." From this deliverance we draw the following necessary conclusions:Š The idea intended to be conveyed is that "we," the "National Reformers," are all good; "we" would not persecute anybody; but if the unbelieving minority should prevail, " we," the innocent and helpless majority, would be at their mercy. As a piece of sentimental cant, the utterance was a success; as common sense and truth, it was a failure, for minorities have never yet persecuted majorities, and the very idea of such a thing is absurd. No matter how violent a man may be, the man who has twice the power that he has is in no danger. What Dr. Hodge calls the "unbelieving minority," now occupies, according to the "National Re-formers," the very ground for which they are striving. The " Reformers " claim that they want to Christianize this Government; then it must be that this "unbelieving minority" now holds the ground. And yet we have not heard of any persecution being raised against the "Christian majority." As a matter of fact, no  people have ever suffered persecution for con- science' sake, except from the hands of those who professed some form of religion. These " National Reformers" do not agree among themselves. Dr. Hodge says that, if their project carries, infidels will be just where they have always been. But Mr. Coleman says that the success of their movement will "dis-franchise every logically consistent infidel." We believe Mr. Coleman's statements, because (1) from the very nature of the case the " Re-formers," if successful, must disfranchise those who dissent from their positions, and because (2) Dr. Hodge's own statement provides not only for the disfranchisement of infidels, but for the persecution of those Christians who may not agree with the majority. Note carefully the following:Š " On the other hand, if the unbelieving mi-nority prevail, the Christian majority will lose that precious heritage from their fathers, which they hold in trust for their children, and they will be outlawed. For, when the law of man contradicts the law of God, the Christian has no alternative but to obey the law of God, dis-obey the law of man, and take the conse-quences." With the last clause we agree. When there is a conflict between the law of God and the law of men, the law of God must have the preference. " But," say the " National Re-formers," " we propose to make the law of God the law of the land, and then there can be no persecution, because the law of men will coin-cide with that of God." The fallacy in this proposition lies in the assumption that they, if successful, will make the perfect law of God the law of the land, or that, if they should do so, all who revere God's law would agree with their understanding of it. They count on there be-ing no dissenters except infidels, forgetting or ignoring the fact that there are conscientious differences of opinions even among Christians. It is a fact that among professed Christians there is not perfect unanimity of opinion con- cerning the law of God. On this point the Christian world may be divided into the follow- ing classes:- 1. Those who hold that the law of God is binding upon all men. 2. Those who hold that the law was abolished at the cross, and that it now has no claims upon anybody. The first class may be still further divided as follows:- 1. Those who hold that the fourth command-ment requires the observance of the seventh day of the week, commonly called Saturday. 2. Those who believe that the fourth com-mandment now enjoins the observance of the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. As all of those who reject the authority of God's law are agreed that Sunday is the proper rest day for mankind, it follows that the only practical controversy over the law. of God is concerning the application of the fourth com-mandment; the great majority of professed Christians (including the National Reformers), construe it as enjoining the Sunday rest, while a small minority are positive in their conscien-tious conviction that it requires them to keep Saturday. Now even allowing that the major-ity are actually right, and that their interpre- tation of the law of God is correct, the fact remains that a minority do not admit their in-terpretation. Those in the minority are con- scientious in their belief that the law which the majority sustain is opposed to the law of God; and when the law of men conflicts with the law of God, Christians have no alternative but to obey the latter, and disobey the former; they must follow their convictions, and, as Dr. Hodge says, " take the consequences." That these " consequences " would be punishment for violating the law of the land, is a necessary and obvious conclusion. Dr. Hodge says in the same speech from which we have quoted:Š " The Christian minister receives the word of God as his law in the church, and interprets it for himself. The Christian magistrate receives the same word as his rule in the State, so far as it casts light upon human duties and relations involved in the functions of government, and the magistrate interprets it for himself." Those who violate the laws, as interpreted by the magistrates, are always punished by the magistrates. It may be that the accused one has obeyed the law, according to his own view of it, but that does not shield him from punish-ment; in the eyes of the magistrate, he is a criminal. But punishment for following one's own convictions concerning the law of God, is persecution for conscience' sake. Therefore we say that if the Amendmentists succeed in carry-ing out their plans, there will be religious perse- cution just as surely as there will be conscien- tious Christians who dissent from their views. He who cannot see this is blind indeed. Indeed, the only ground on which they pretend that they will not persecute is that infidels have no convictions, and that all but infidels will agree with them. We are not prepared to admit that infidels have no convictions; but we are prepared to say that there are Christians who do not accept "National Reform" doctrine, and who have convictions. E. J. W. The Danger Real. NoTwiamsTANnfrfo the fact that there is in this country a large and influential party whose avowed object is to " secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States" as will allow Congress to do what the first article of amendments to the Constitution now forbids it to do, many persons imagine that religious liberty is in no danger. But it is in danger; and many are blindly giving assent to a project which, if successful, will bind, not only the acts, but also the consciences of all who are not in harmony with the views of these religio- political schemers. The avowed object of this association is thus set forth in article II of its constitution:Š "'The object of this society shall be to . . . secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and so indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our Government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." Of course this may mean a great deal; or, like other party platforms, it may mean very little; and it is decidedly objectionable, or measurably unobjectionable, to the degree that it is made to mean all or less than is really ex- 