AMERICAN SENTINEL. 247 out this there can be no true worship. This will be seen Łfrom the words of the Saviour: "Why call ye me, Lord, Lord, and do not the things which I say." Luke 6:46. And again, when Christ was tempted of Satan in the wil-derness, he replied, "Get thee hence, Satan; for it is writ-ten, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God and him only shalt thou serve." Matt. 4:10. This being true, the way in which the people will be called upon to worship the papacy will be by being made to conform to some standard set forth by that power. In other words, as set forth in the prophecy, the beast will be worshiped by its mark being received in the right hand or in the forehead. But it has been shown in these articles that Sunday is the mark of this papal beast. Hence it is certain that the keeping of Sunday will con-stitute the worship of the beast. It is hoped that no one will get a misunderstanding here, and jump to the conclusion that all who in the past have kept Sunday, are beast worshipers. This by no means follows. The writer believes that there are vast numbers who have served God and yet kept Sunday; and that even iow there are many, very many, who keep Sunday, fully believing that this is the divinely-appointed day of rest. And walking in all' the light they have they are accepted 'of God as his children. But while they are honest and sincere in this belief, their sincerity does not make their belief right. A person may be honest and yet be wrong in some things. In order for one to worship the papacy there must first be a turning away from the truth of God's Word, and a deliberate adherence to an institution of the pa-pacy, despite the fact that there is no scriptural evidence for its observance. In the way in which it is presented in the prophecy it will be seen that this work will not be done in a corner. The fullest light will shine forth from the Word of God, and all be given an opportunity to know the truth. Hence we find that when this work is being done, a solemn warning is to go forth to every one against wor-shiping the beast and his image and the receiving of his mark in their right hands or their foreheads. Rev. 14: '9, 10. But this warning would be in vain if the people could not fully understand the issues involved. However they may understand the matter now it is 'certain that at that time they will know fully what the mark is, and in receiving it will do so knowing there is no scriptural warrant for it. Moreover they will know that it is a test of worship. From the foregoing it will be seen that this country will, by law,Šfor it can be done in no other way,Šenforce the keeping of the markŠSundayŠand that it will be made a test. Now everybody may know who cares to, that at this very time, and for a number of years in the past, there has been, and still is, a mighty organized effort, gather-ing strength year by year, to have Sunday enforced by  law. And they may know, too, that it is confessed by at least those who are at the head of the movement that there is no Scriptural warrant for keeping Sunday; and yet it is being made a test of worship. That this is true the following utterances will prove. Dr. Everts, at a meeting of the American Sabbath Union, spoke thus on Sunday : "It is the test of all religion." Again : "The people who do not keep the Sabbath have no religion;" and "he who does not keep the Sabbath does not worship God; and he who does not worship God is lost." It is no light thing that is thus being contemplated, and that it will be fully carried out is shown by the "more sure word of prophecy." But as already stated, when this Government does this, it will not be the worship of God. In the very na-ture of things it could not be. Enforced worship is, not acceptable to God. But very plainly the Bible dedlares it will be the "worship of the beast"Šthe papacy. And how is this regarded by the Catholic Church? The following from Father Enright shows their position: "The church changed the Sabbath to Sunday, and all the world bows down and worships upon that day, in silent obedience to the mandates of the Catholic Church. Is not this a living miracleŠthat those who hate us so bit-terly obey and acknowledge our power every week, and do not know it." This shows that the keeping of Sunday is homage rendered to the Catholic Church. And when this is en-forced what will it be but exalting the papacy in the place of God? Thus at one stroke the Protestant principle upon which this Government was founded will be swept away, and thus it will be that the power of the United States will be arrayed against God. These things are not written because of any hatred against Catholics or anybody else. It is simply that the people of the United States may know what these reli-gious movements for Sunday enforcement mean. It is not a pleasing task to have to speak of the pa-pacyŠa professedly Christian churchŠas has been done in these articles, nor of Sunday, which is so universally regarded as the day of God's own appointment. The prophecy calls for some power to appear in ful-fillment of its specifications. No other power fulfills them but the papacy. The time has come for those things to be fulfilled and the truth concerning them could not be proclaimedŠas it indeed must be proclaimedŠwithout referring thus plainly to the Catholic Church. And the same is true of Sunday. If the mark of the beast could by any means have been anything else than Sunday, it would of neces-sity have been something long cherished and venerated. Were this not so it could not be a test. THE lust of gold tends to obliterate the love of any-thing else. 