710 AMERICAN SEN which such a condition is to safe government, commer-cial prosperity and the security of life and property. "A public sentiment which demands that elections must be inviolate, and that corrupt acts at elections must be held in the same category as corrupt acts in business life is absolutely necessary." Truly the condition described does signify "a lax state of the public morals;" and as "public morals" are only the aggregate of individual morals, it signifies like-wise a lax state of private morals on the part of a dan-gerously large proportion of the people. The condition is little worse in one State than in an-other. Occasionally the better element is aroused by some more daring, high-handed, political outrage than those which characterize every election, but these acute stages of disease in the body politic are followed not by health, but by an even more hopeless chronic condition of moral leprosy. The "public sentiment which demands that elections must be inviolate," etc., is a most illusive thing. Prac-tically it results in nothing more or better than the "turning of one set of rascals out" that another set no better at heart may take their places. Honest menthere doubtless are even in public life, but they are hopelessly in the minority and no party is better than "the ma-chine" by which it is manipulated. The United States is simply repeating the history of Rome just as nearly as it is possible for one people to follow in the footsteps of another. The Word of God long since foretold it, and current history attests the truth of divine revelation. The Rights of God. BY H. F. PHELPS. THEics, can be no question but that the Creator of all things has certain rights. And the time will come when he will arise and vindicate those rights. In a recent issue of this journal, the writer spoke of "the rights of God and of the people." We then eluci-dated, in brief, upon the rights of the people, showing how the Government of the United States had espoused these rights. It is a fact that in thus espousing the un-alienable rights of the peopleŠthe rights with which the Creator had endowed all the peopleŠthis Government did thereby, indirectly, acknowledge the rights of God. But what are the rights of God? Let us look again at fundamental principles. Inasmuch as the Creator did endow man with cer-tain natural rights, ipaong which "are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness;" and did this at creation, it is evident that it was not the purpose of God that man should dominate his fellow-man concerning the exercise of these rights; for to dominate in these matters is to attempt to deprive the people of these rights. It there- fore was the purpose of God that all men, irrespective of nationality, should be left altogether free in the exercise of these rights. This last proposition is a self-evident truth; for when man was created, all nations of men centered in the one man Adam. And having endowed the man Adam with these natural rights, and having given to man the privilege of the exercise of such rights, even to the point of disobedience to the divine will, there could have been nothing less in the divine mind than that man should have been left forever free in the exercise of these natural rights. These rights are not only natural, in that they come to all through the course of nature; and unalienable, in that they are not transferable; and individual, in that they are the individual property of every man in his in-dividual capacity; but, coming from the divine One, according to the divine mind, they are divine rights. Hence, any man or set of men that attempts coercion in a matter of these rights, will find at the last that they have been intermeddling with the divine rights, which were given to man. And not only so, but with the rights of the divine One himself. This will be evident when we refer again to foundation principles. If it had been the purpose of the Creator that force should be used in regulating the moral conduct of man, the Creator himself could have used force in the creation of the man Adam. God himself could have dominated the will of man in his creation. Man could have been created as a mere automaton, like any other machine, to run in any certain channel according to the will of the designer. But in such case man would never have been in possession of natural rights. These rights would have been an impossibilityŠan impossible inheritance. It is therefore, a perfectly clear proposition, that any attempt to regulate these rights in any other manner than the protection of all in their enjoyment, is an at-tempt to take them away. Inasmuch, therefore, as the Creator did not aise force, did not exercise the power which he possessed so to do, even in the creation of man; did not compel man by the act of creation, to walk in any certain course, but en-dowing the man with these rights, left him perfectly free, even to the point of disobedience, in the exercise of these rights; it follows, as a necessary conclusion, that the Creator has the right to expect that all men will rec-ognize these rights, each in himself. Moreover, God has the right to expect that man, as a rational being, seeing these rights in himself, will also.recognize these same rights in his fellow-man. And still more: When in the course of humanevents, it became necessary, as a means of safety, for men to formulate some kind of government among themselves, God had the right to expect that these same men who recognized these rights in themselves and in their fellow-men, should also recognize the rights of God by protect-ing every individual in the government, in the exercise of these God-given rights; and so recognize the princi- 