140 THE' AJVIER.IdAN -SENTINEL. serve a period of, two hundred and eighty days. From the foul odors that permeated the place, he contracted malarial fever, from the effects of which he finally died. At the last business meeting of the Religious Liberty Society the following resolution was unanimously adopted :Š WHEREAS, Mr. A. F. Ballenger, of Chicago, has delivered in the University a most interesting lecture on "Religious Freedom," setting forth in a clear and forcible manner the American political ideas of the relation of Church and State, and the dangerous centralizing tendencies of some so-called " reform " movements, injurious alike to both the Church and the State, therefore, Resolved, That we, the Religious Liberty Society of the University of Michigan, extend to him our appre-ciation of his interest in the cause of liberty, and heartily thank him for the lecture delivered in this place. * * The oratorical classes have " tackled " the Sunday-law question now, and recently two debates were held in which it was discussed. The first one, " Resolved, That the World's Fair shall be closed on Sun-day," was lost in the Junior law class by a vote of one to eleven. The second ques-tion, " Resolved, That the University li-brary shall be open Sundays," was won in the Senior law class by a vote of fourteen to twelve. Public opinion is even much more strongly in favor of it. W. A. BLAKELY. The Hypocrisy of the Sunday-Law Movement. THE recent Boston Convention of the American Sabbath Union, seemed to de-vote the lion's share of its attention to the Sunday newspapers, calling them "demons in disguise," and loudly demanding a law to suppress their publication. As has already been noticed in THE SENTINEL, the Convention resulted in the appointment of a committee of D. D's. and LL. D's., to petition the present Legislature for a hearing on the subject of so changing the State Sunday laws as to make the publica-tion of Sunday papers unlawful. This petition was presented to the Legislature, and by that 'honorable body, was referred to the next Legislature. So it seems that these clerical gentlemen will not have their inordinate desire for speech-making before the Legislature of Massachusetts immediately gratified. Meanwhile, how-ever, they are busy here, as elsewhere, with the old threadbare plea for a civil Sunday, and are emphatic in their dec-larations before the public that they do not in any way favor religious laws, but only ask the enforcement of the "civic day." It is an old and true saying that you never know a man or a woman till you see them at home, and become familiar with their home life. " If you want to really know a fox, trace him to his den." All this is as true of societies and organ-izations of men as of individuals. The consummate hypocrisy, and attempt at  fox-like cunning, of the whole Sunday-law movement is never fully realized till these people are visited in their own conven-tions, and the real reasons there given for desiring these Sunday laws, are compared with the false and hypocritical reasons given to the public. Before the public it is continually declared that the movement is in the interests of "liberty." That the' poor and weary toiler is compelled to labor seven days in the week, and his right to rest must be granted him by law. They seem to forget that every Sunday, law always was and always must be a 'direct infringement on human liberty, by compelling all to rest even against their will and need. They magnify the im-portance of. Sunday rest till one is re-minded of the old cry, " Great is Diana of the Ephesians!" It would seem from their logic (?) that all our glorious civilization, the public school system, the Declaration of Independence, and all, had grown di-rectly out of Sunday keeping. In fact, one would think if the Lord had only understood the matter as well as they do, instead of making the world in six days, he would simply have made Sunday and Sunday laws, and they would have worked everything else that is good. Having thus exerted all their eloquence and ingenuity to magnify the civil benefit of Sunday, they unite in crying for " civil Sunday laws." All this before the public. Now visit them at their own conventions where their object is not to gain Sunday-law support from the public, but to talk over among themselves why they want these laws, and how best they may get them. How quickly the laboring man, and the cause of liberty, and the civil Sunday are all forgotten! The recent Massachusetts Convention is a fair sample of this. Not a single reference is made to any of these things. Let us see what reasons they give here for desiring and demanding Sunday laws, especially laws to prevent the publication of the Sunday papers. Is it that the weary toiler is thereby compelled to work on the rest day ? No, for it is well known that the work on the Sunday papers is mostly done on Saturday. Is it that these papers threaten any of our civil institutions? No. There is one institution, and one only, that it is claimed they threaten, and that is the modern Church. Because the churches can not stand the competition of the Sunday paper, the churches must be " protected " by law, and the Sunday papers suppressed. Every single reason given for such laws is a religious and not a civil reason. Hear them. Mr. Lewis R. Dunn, New England Secretary of the American Sab-bath Union, says The Sunday press is a demon in disguise. Supposing that were so, the Bible way to expel the demons, is to exorcise them in the name of the Lord, and not in. the name of Csar. Paul recommends us to  prepare for the conflict with Satan by putting on the whole armor of God, not of the State, and by taking the sword of the Spirit, not of the civil power. That is the way Christian conquered Apollyon, but it seems the Church has wandered far from the goon old way. But why is the Sunday press " a demon in disguise"? The very' next words plainly tell :Š The young are absenting themselves from church on the Sabbath, and if the best interests of the com-munity are to be conserved, these must be turned. When THE SENTINEL has declared that the real object of such laws was to induce people to attend church, and that if they failed, the logical tendency of all such legislation was to culminate in compulsory church attendance, many have said it was an exaggeration, and the American Sab-bath Union has always been the first to sneeringly deny it. But here it is' in plain words from their own lips, " These must be turned." The young stay at home to read the paper, so the papers must be stopped by law. They go off on excur-sions, so the Sunday trains must be stopped by law. If that fails there must be some other law devised to head them off and drive them into the church, for in some way, " these must be turned." Rev. Dr. Chadbourne, in this same Con-vention, said :Š The Sunday paper is the foe of the Church and the Sunday school. We think this proposition needs to be,  proven, but they evidently believe it is true. Supposing it is true; so is all sin, everywhere and always, the foe of the true Church of Christ. Shall it all be suppressed by the civil law ? This Sun-day-law logic justifies all the religious legislation and all the persecution the world has ever seen, and would  repeat them. Again, Rev. Dr. Chadbourne says The Sunday paper is a secular intrusion upon sacred time. It is an open and defiant violation of the purpose of the day. It is an open door for every secular enterprise, for it has no especial rights. It does not aspire to benefit and elevate but only to please. All these are the Doctor's reasons for asking for laws to suppress the publica-tion of the Sunday paper, and all these are religious and not civil reasons. Let it be remembered, however, that they are the real reasons why the American Sab-bath Union, of Massachusetts, petitions for stricter Sunday laws. The reasons given the public are only the sham rea-sons, and in their vast contrast with these they stamp the whole work of the Union with the brand of consummate hypocrisy. In the same Convention, on the same day, Joseph Cook said :Š - The Methodist pastors, who are appointed by the bishops, and do not owe their positions to their congregations, might arraign church members for advertising in the Sunday papers, but I fear such action would unseat any Congregational minister in the State. . . . I am not disposed to say Con- 