250 AJVILEILLIGAN gik,NrIFINME.A. VOL. 10, No. 32. is a limit to civil authority; that human law is not supreme; that God has not abdicated the throne of moral dominion; that what other nations call religious toleration is in reality religious rights, of which " govern-ment cannot deprive any portion of, citizens, however small; " that though "despotic power may invade those rights, Justice still confirms them." " They enslave their children's children who make compromise with sin." " Backward look across the ages and the beacon-mo-ments see, That, like peaks of some sunk continent, jut through Oblivion's sea ; Not an ear in court or market for the low forebod-ing cry Of those Crises, God's stern winnowers, from whose feet earth's chaff must fly; Never shows the choice momentous till the judg-ment hath passed by." 6  The press of the country has spoken nobly in denunciation of the persecution of r Seventh -day Advent- ists in Tennessee and elsewhere. But there are a few ignoble ex- ceptions. The Com- mercial - Appeal , oT Memphis,ridicules and slanders the persecuted men, and then says:Š The laws against the violation of our day of rest are unrepealed, and no matter whether just or unjust, wise .or unwise, . . . they should be enforced.' This sentiment is worthy of an Inquisi-tor o f the " Holy Office," and had the editor of that paper lived in the days of the Inquisition, he would, if consistent, have said: " The laws against the violation of our religion are unre-pealed, and whether just or unjust, wise or unwise, they should be enforced." Yea, he would have stood by and seen the cruel, red-hot pinchers sear and tear the flesh of the tortured victim; o r, perchance, h e would have himself heated the instruments of torture or bru-tally bared the breast of the shrinking maiden or of.  the devoted mother to the gaze of the rabble and to the bloody work of the scarcely more cruel iron. The. Evening Sentinel, of Knoxville, Tenn., also says, " Enforce the law," though it does not manifest the bitterness shown by the Com-mercial-Appeal. In its issue of July 22, the Sentinel publishes a number of interviews with ministers at Knoxville, from which we make the following extracts:Š The [Evening] Sentinel man interviewed Rev. Dr. Moore, pastor of the Church Street Church, on the question, putting three questions to him, which, he answered, as follows: 5 -United States Senate, Jan. 19, 18'19. 6  Lowell's "Present Crisis." 7  The utter heartlessness and hypocrisy of this utterance will be better understood when it is known that the Commercial-Appeal is published Sunday as on other days, in flagrant violation of the Sunday statute of Tennessee. " Are you in favor of the strict enforcement of the laws in Tennessee against sabbath desecration ?" " As every other good citizen ought to be, I am in favor of the strict enforcement of all laws till they are repealed. If they are good laws let them be enforced, if they are bad, let them be repealed." " What do you think of the recent imprisonment of the Seventh-day Adventists in Rhea County for work-ing on Sunday ?" "I think Seventh-day Adventists, as well as any other people, should be punished according to law, for violations of law." And so Dr. Moore, had he lived in the days of the Inquisition, would have gazed unmoved upon the auto-da-fe, and as the flames encir-cled their victims he would have said, if con-sistent: "As every other good citizen ought to be, I am in favor of the strict enforcement of the laws till they are repealed. I think these Protestants, as well as any other people, should be punished according to law, for vio-lations of law." To the Evening Sentinel's question Rev. Thomas C. Warner, D. D., replied:Š Laws are enacted with reference to the punishment of the evil-doer, and for the protection of .society in all its rights and interests. The question of right-eousness should never decide whether an existing law is to be enforced or not. Is it the law of the land ? That question settled in the affirmative, then let the law be enforced. If the law is unjust, if it works hardship to innocent persons, still let it be executed so long as it remains upon the statute books. The surest way to secure the modification or repeal of an unjust law is to illustrate its prejudice by enforcing it. Whatever may be my private 'opinion touching the Sunday laws of Tennessee, I am in favor of their impartial execution. Whether they interfere with a man's religious "iews or his business practices, so long as they are of record for the regulation of public conduct and private practice, let them be rigidly applied. It almost passes belief that these words could fall from the lips Jaf a professed representative of the Man of Calvary, the Prince of Peace. Had this minister lived in the days of the In-quisition, when in every country in Europe and in every civilized country in the world it was against the " law" to disbelieve the  dogmas of Rome; he must, if in France or Spain, or the Netherlands, have stood by the burning pile, or by the gallows tree, and said:Š " The question of righteousness should never decide whether an existing law is to be enforced or not. Is it the law of the land? That question settled in the affirmative, then let the law be enforced. If the law is unjust, if it works hardship to innocent persons, still let it be executed so long as it remains upon the stat-ute books." In view of such utterances, is it any won-der that the prophet of God, in describing the very times in which we live, said: "" Judgment is turned away backward, and justice standeth afar off; for truth is fallen in the street, and equity cannot enter" ?* It is true that thus far the administration of the Sunday laws of the various States has been very mild compared with the acts of the In-quisition to which reference has been made. But this does not alter the fact that these men have been taken from their homes for no of-fense against their fel-lowmen;ey have been unjustly deprived of their liberty and been branded as crim-inals and worked as convicts for a purely religious offense, for acts done in accordance with the dictates of conscience and not trenching upon the rights of others. Thus the authorities have undertaken, by perse-cution, to coerce men in matters of religion ; and " it is incumbent on the authors of per-secution," says Gib-bon, " previously to reflect, whether they are determined to sup-port it in the last ex-treme. . . . The fine which he [the rer-outed] is unwilling to discharge, exposes his person to the severity of the law, and his contempt suggests the use and propriety of capital punishment." [ This is well illus- trated in the cases of according to law, for the Tennessee Advent- ists. Men can never fall into the hands of more merciful officers than those into whose hands the Rhea County Advent-ists have fallen. Four months ago Judge Parks imposed a fine of only $2.50 in each case, and remitted even that. He also rec-ommended the pardon of the convicted men. At the recent term of court he fined those previously convicted three times as much as he had previously done; and in one instance where the defendant had been twice convicted previously, once before a justice of the peace, and once in the Circuit Court, Judge Parks imposed a fine of $12.50, five times the amount of the fine imposed four months before. Thus the State of Tennessee, as represented in this thing by its courts, has entered upon a course that must end in the infliction of the death penalty; for it is not a supposable case that these men will violate their consciences even to save their lives; and certainly the temper * Isa. 59:14, I." Decline and Fall," chap, 37, par. 3. "I think Seventh-day Adventists, as well as any other people. should be punished violations of law."ŠRev. Dr. Moore.    out ENFORCING THE "LAW" IN TENNESSEEŠADVENTISTS IN THE CHAIN-GANG. Ł 