SAmttAnir i8, 1894. AmimiEtteAlv sENViriVigt,. 21 message, antagonize this phase of Stevens' plea. The national Government has not granted and may not grant Stevens' plea, on the basis of morality or on any basis, but she is bound to meet questions of this very nature at every turn she makes henceforth. The question as to whether the American nation will "stand by its century's record in favor of republican government," in- troduces our second question, " Has re-publicanism a divine right ? " Let Hon. Mr. Springer answer in the forcible lan-guage of the same able article referred to :Š There is no divine right of republicanism in this world, any more than there is a divine right of kings. The divinity in all these matters is in the right of the people to govern themselves. . . . Our own right to self-government is no more sacred than the right of the handful of ignorant Hawaiians in the Sandwich Islands to govern themselves. If they prefer a mon-archy, feeble and inefficient though it may be, it is their business, and not ours. But, now, since the Government has de-cided that the individual has no right to govern himself in matters of religion, but that he must obey the dictates of this " Christian nation," does it not logically and inevitably follow that the same prin-ciple will permeate her diplomatic attitude toward other nations? If this be a "Chris-tian nation," then, since it is republican, is not republicanism Christianity ? And if this " Christian nation " can enforce Christianity, can it not enforce republic-anism ? This is a logical result of the assumption of this nation that it is Chris-tian, and hence can regulate Christian practices. Will the United States become the moral and religious arbiter of the world ? Hon. Mr. Springer has the following to say :Š But it is claimed that the provisional government is one composed of Christians, and that they are repre-sentatives of advanced civilization. The United States, being a Christian nation, should sympathize with and render moral and material aid in sustaining that gov-ernment; and it is alleged that we have no right to consent to its overthrow. It may be conceded, for the sake of argument, that the provisional government is composed of Christians, and that it more nearly cor-responds to our ideas of a just government than does the government of the monarchy; but, as suggested before, this is foreign to the controversy. We have no more rigid to interfere on this ground with the government of Hawaii than we have to interfere with the government of China or Japan or Turkey, none of which are Christian or administered by Christian statesmen, and none of which, we have a right to assume, are any more just to the subjects of such gov-ernment than is the monarchy of Hawaii to its subjects. Such a claim would make the United States the moral and religious arbiter of the world ; would con-stitute us self-appointed crusaders, going about the earth pulling down and destroying alleged heathen and semi-barbaric monarchies, and establishing Chris-tian governments and civilization in their stead. This language is clear and forcible, and the argument is invincible, yet it cannot be accepted by the United States Govern-ment, because it has already assumed the right to interfere with the Christianity of the individual, and in order to be con-sistent with itself it must assume the right to interfere with governments or nations, and hence cannot accede to Mr. Springer's argument, whatever weight it might have had upon Congress before it enlisted in this religious warfare. Congress cannot ignore Mr. Stevens' plea. Having adopted the papal principle, it cannot reject a measure based upon it, without repudiat-ing this principle and retracting its course directed by it. Unless it does retract its course it is destined to become a moral and religious arbiter whenever diplomatic questions arise involving the services of one. Is this the mission of our Government ? President Cleveland says in the message referred to :Š If national honesty is to be disregarded and a desire for territorial extension, or dissatisfaction with a form of government not our own, ought to regulate our conduct, I have entirely misapprehended the mission and character of our Government and the behavior which the conscience of our people demands of their public servants. Hon. Mr. Springer says :Š This is not the mission of our Government. Whether the government of Hawaii was a just one, a moral one, or an efficient one, is a matter which does not concern the American people. We have no more right to overthrow a monarchy in Hawaii because it does not conform to our ideas of a just government, than we have to overthrow a monarchy in Canada or Great Britain, or Russia or Turkey, or Spain or else-where. If we have any concern as to the imperfection of these so-called barbaric governments, we may send our missionaries to them to convert them to our reli-gion or send our statesmen among them to convince them of the superior advantages of our form of gov-ernment. But to send our naval forces to the ports of other governments, to land them upon their soil, and to allow them to be used for the purpose of overthrow-ing, in connection with foreign subjects or aliens, the established government would make our Christianity a fraud and our boasted republicanism a mockery. What will she do ? W. E. HOWELL. Study the Texts Again. THE Christian Reformer, formerly the Political Dissenter, has in its issue of January 6, this editorial note, which we give entire :Š The AMERICAN SENTINEL, in commenting OR the recent National Reform Convention, says that Rev. W. F. Crafts, who discussed " ' The Kingship of Christ,' forgot to mention, or did not know, that while the Kingship and Saviourship are frequently mentioned in close connection, the two offices do not in fact run contemporaneously. It is when Christ comes again that he comes King of kings and Lord of lords. Christ is now a priest upon his Father's throne." Will the editors of the SENTINEL please study again the passages of scripture which speak of Christ's exaltation ? The time is yet to come when all things shall yield obedience, but he is now Lord of all. "He must reign till he hath put all enemies under his feet." The SENTINEL thinks he will not reign till this is done. Like Melchisedek he is a priest upon his (not his Father's) throne. Melchisedek was king of Salem while he was priest of the most high God. Our most serious objection to this note is that it squarely contradicts the Scrip-tures. In Rev. 3 :21 we have recorded the words of our Lord himself, telling us what throne he now occupies : " To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne." Again in Heb. 8:1 we have this testimony : " Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum : We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Maj-esty in the heavens." This is positive but it is not all there is directly on this sub-ject. Zech. 6 :12,13 is equally conclusive : "Thus speaketh the Lord or hosts, say-ing, Behold the man [Christ] whose name is the BRANCH ; and he shall grow up out of his place, and he shall build the temple of the Lord [the Father] : even he [Christ] shall build the temple of the Lord; and shall bear the glory [of the Lord, the Father], and shall sit and rule -upon his [the Father's] throne; and he [Christ] shall be a priest upon his [the Father's] throne : and the counsel of peace shall be between them both." The present position of Christ cannot be mistaken by the devout student of the Scriptures. He is a priest upon his Father's throne; " and the counsel of peace " is " between them both." Says the apostle : " We have not an high  priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted as we are, yet without sin. Let us therefore come boldly to the throne of grace, that we ,.may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need." Heb. 4:15, 16. Thus it is seen the throne occupied jointly by the Father and by the Son is the throne from which mercy or grace is dispensed. It is plainly called " the throne of grace." And as there can be no throne without a kingdom, the text in effect asserts a kingdom of grace. In this kingdom Christ is a priest-king " after the order of Melchisedek." But Christ has not yet entered upon the posses-sion of the dominion promised him as the seed of Abraham (Gal. 3:16 and Luke 1 :31,32). The Jews would have taken him by force to make him king; and now National Reformers are attempting the same thing in effect, namely, to them-selves seize civil power in Christ's name and to rule in his stead. But Christ has himself told us (Matt. 25: 31-34), when he will take the kingdom : " When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory: and before him shall be gathered all nations: and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats : and he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left. Then shall the king say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world." Evidently the editor of the Christian Re-former should " study again the passages which speak of Christ's exaltation." C. P. B. Christ and the Sabbath.* THE SABBATH NOT A BURDEN. GOD never intended that the Sabbath should be a burden to any one, but rather a blessing; and he will now make it such to all who honor him in its observance. We read of the testimony that the Father bore of Christ when he was here upon the earth (Matt. 3 : 17) : "And lo a voice from heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased." ' Another translation gives this version of this text : " Lo a voice out of the heavens, saying, This is my Son, the beloved, in whom I did delight." Read, in connection with that, the prophecy of Isa. 42: 1 : " Behold my servant, whom I uphold; mine elect, in whom my soul delighteth." This is a prophecy of Christ. So, when Christ came, the testimony was, " This is my Son, the beloved, in whom I did delight." Now read that familiar Scripture in the fifty-eighth chapter of Isaiah, the thirteenth verse : " If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the Sabbath a de-light, the holy of the Lord, honorable; and shalt honor him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words, then shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord." Another translation brings out the idea in a little plainer way, although not changing the sense at all. It says : "And hast cried to the Sabbath, ' A delight.' " Our version says, " And hast called the Sabbath a delight ; " this translation says, " And ha st cried to the Sabbath [called *From No. 14, of the Religious Liberty Library, by Prof. W. W. Prescott. 