'Am-ERIcArt SENTINEL.  3 ship, and would have given Catholic instruc-tion in that school ; that is precisely what the Saratoga National Reform meeting decided by vote to secure if possible throughout the Na-tion; this action of the Saratoga meeting was taken expressly to " satisfy the Roman Catho-lics" and to "conciliate them to our school sys-tem." By the action of the Pittsburg School Board Father McTighe, a " Roman Catholic authority," is satisfied and conciliated with the school system in that city; Father McTighe was doing in Pittsburg exactly what the Sara-toga meeting decided to get, if possible, the Roman Catholic authorities, to agree to do throughout the Nation; therefore, as this case "is a disgrace to the civilization," of the neigh-borhood, of Pittsburg, the action of the Na-tional Reform Association is a disgrace to the Civilization of the Nation and of the age. The National Reform Association "ought to be.taught a lesson now which will need no repetition." But, alas! " our people " do "tolerate," and without a word or murmur of protest, " this trifling with the very first prin-' ciples,of our polity," and "these gross viola-lations of both the letter and spirit" of- our American institutions. " How long, 0 Lord, hew long?" A. T. J. 41 Ile An Examination of Principles. (Concluded.) 3. WITH the statement that "the revealed Will of God is of supreme authority in civil affairs," we also take direct issue. That the -union of 'Church and State is a pernicious .'thing, is so generally 'conceded that Natibnal Reformers themselves are careful always to deny 'that their movement tends toward any such result; nevertheless the statement which we have just quoted contains the whole sub-stance of Church and State union. For the Bible, not a part, simply, but the whole, is the revealed' will of God, and is the *hole of the revealed will of God; and it must be admitted that the Bible is a religious book. It was given to men for the sole purpose of teaching them the true religion. But religion and the true church are inseparable. There `may be a church and not religion, but there cannot be religion and not the church. In a word, the revealed will of God is the true religion, and is-the standard of the true church. Therefore, if that will should be recognized as of supreme authority in civil government, that government would be an ecclesiastical govern-ment; in other words, it would be a union of Church and State. Men may assume to take the revealed- will of God as of stipreme authority in civil affairs, and to oblige all men to conform to it, but in reality such a thing is impossible. For to make all men conform to the will of God would be nothing less than to make them all perfeet, not only in outward actions, but in thought. The will of, God, which is the law of God, requires that men shall not be angry, that they shall not indulge in the least degree of hatred or envy, that they shall not be cov-etous.; and it declares that the harboring of Such evil. thoughts is just the Same as the omission of outbrealing sin, Now. when  it is stated that any document is of authority in civil affairs, it is implied that the power to enforce the provisions of that document, and to punish those who violate it, rests with the men at the head of civil affairs. But there is no man, or set of men, who has the power to determine whether or not a man is covetous, or whether he is cherishing hatred or other evil in his heart; therefore we say that it is utterly impossible that the revealed will of God should be the authority in civil affairs. Civil government is for the, purpose of keeping men civil, and not of making them moral. When it attempts to interfere in the matter of morals, it assumes prerogatives that belong to God alone. We might cite another instance which shows that to take the revealed will of God as the supreme authority in civil affairs, would be to unite Church and State. The Bible, which teaches the revealed will of God, says that it is the duty of men to believe on Christ and to be baptized. Now if National Reform ideas should be adopted, the Government would not only have the right, but it would be under obligation, to require every citizen and everyone who desired to be a citizen, to be baptized. In other words, baptism would be the evidence of naturalization, just as it is the evidence of church membership, and so the Church and the State would be identical. But it needs no argument to show that such a state of affairs would simply make hypocrites of more than ninty-nine-one-hundredths of the people. Again, the apostle Paul says: "In every-thing give thanks; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you." 1 Thess. 5: 18. It is manifestly the duty, as it is de-clared to be the will, of God, for everybody to give thanks for the blessings which they daily receive. Now if the revealed will of God is to be of supreme authority in civil affairs, then civil rulers must enforce that will, and compel every man in the nation to give thanks. Of course they could not compel people to give thanks privately, and that shows the folly of their claim, but they could force them to church to offer thanks nominally, or by proxy, just as people now celebrate Thanksgiving day. But such en-forced thanksgiving would be mockery, and it is not the will of God that people should thank him with their lips, while their hearts are far from, him. 4. The second paragraph of the preamble contains a bit of sophistry and an assumption which is entirely at variance with the golden rule. It assumes that because the people who came over in the Mayflower, for the National Reformers do not go back of that date, were professed Christians, and because the founders of the early colonies made church membership a test of citizenship, and sub-jected those who differed with them in belief to the same persecutions to which they had been subjected as dissenters from the ecclesias-tical organization of the Old World, therefore this Government ought to be professedly a,  Christian Government. But when they make this argument, which is a standard plea with  them, we ask them, Who was here first? Long before the arrival of the Mayflower, or the voyage of Columbus, this country was inhabited by powerful tribes of Indians, all of whom were pagans. Therefore if the National ' Reform argument were good for anything it -would prove that the religion of this country should be paganism. But the argument does not amount to anything. Notice further that the assumption is that the people who first settle a country, or who are in the- majority in any country,, have the right to determine what religion shall be tol-erated. The National Reform constitution assumes that Governments must recognize some religion, and that such State religion must of course be the religion of the 'majority, and that no other religion can be tolerated. According to their claim for this country, the established religion of China or India ought to be Buddhism, and that of Turkey ought to be Mohammedanism; and the rulers of those countries ought to say to the missionaries who go there from England and America: "If you do not like our institutions, and cannot conform to them, you can return to your own land; you must not think to bring your for-eign customs here." If this were done, what a howl of indignation would be raised, and the National ReformerS would be the very first ones to raise the cry of "persecution." We agree that it would be persecution, and unjust persecution, too; but, if the National Reform theory of majority rule be true, it is just what ought to 'be done. If such a course would be wrong in Turkey, how can it be right in the United States? To state the ques-tion differently, does an act which is wicked and unjust when done by a Mohammedan, become virtuous and just when done by a professed Christian? National Reformers seem to be blind to the fact that if their scheme should prevail, and they should carry it out' as they propose, making a profession of Christianity the basis of citizenship, and declaring indifference to Christ to be treason to the State, they would run directly counter to many things which they now profess, to 'desire. For instance, they profess to be staunch friends to the native Indians, and to the Chinese who are here. They declaim loudly against the injustice that is done to both of these races, and yet if their ideas were carried out, both the Indians and the Chinese would be outlaws, and both would be subject to persecutions, by the side of which all that they have had to suffer would be considered pleasure. 5. Our Government has no Christian feat-ures. The Constitution of the United States expressly forbids any religious test of any kind being required as a qualification for :of-fice or citizenship. Thus the National Re-form preamble is self-contradictory, in that it speaks of the Christian features of our in-stitutions, and the Government's connection with the Christian religion, while at the same time it admits the fact that the Constitution, which is the basis of the Government, is ut-- terly silent concerning Christianity, or any other religion. 