SENTINEL. Ł 697 "GREATER NEW YORK" has held its first municipal election, and the result is the return of "Tammany" to the seat of power. There are several features of the cam-paign which are worthy of note. IN the first place, it may be observed that the chief issue of the campaign was that of popular government against government by a dictator. It seems that quite a large portion of the citizens, knowing this to be a "government of the people, by the people, and for the people," became possessed of the idea that the govern-ment of "Greater New York" ought to be run by the peo-ple of the city, instead of by a "boss," who might not even reside in the city at all. They believed, in other words, that under this government it was their natural prerogative to manage their own affairs; and they ac-cordingly set out to do so. By way of gaining the bene-fits of organization, they formed a "Citizens' Union." * BUT this independent politics found itself opposed by party politics. The people were told that not their own interests, but the interests of the "party," was the first thing to be considered in their election. In other words, the election must be managed primarily for the benefit of the "party," and whether the people were to reap the benefits from it which they desired, was wholly a second-ary consideration. CONNECTED with the machinery of the "party"Šin this StateŠwas a leading representative of that class, who, under the old Roman government, were known as dictators. These dictatorsŠfor whom the nomenclature of the times has supplied the term "boss"Šdiffer from the dictators of ancient Rome in being self-appointed and irresponsible, but not greatly in the extent of their power. Not to dictate the prominent candidates to be voted for by those of his own political "faith," was of course very distasteful to the "boss." He determined that it should be made apparent that the principle of "government of the people, by the people, and for the people" does not apply to local elections. The precedent must be firmly es-tablished that no politics will be allowed to be successful which disconnects from the " party" and the party `boss." * * ACCORDINGLY, the dictator put a ticket of his own in  the field ; not in the hope that any of his candidates would be elected, but solely for the purpose of defeating the audacious effort of the "citizens' union" to institute local self-government; and, incidentally, of letting the people understand that the science of politics, in this part of the country at least, has progressed beyond the point where such an effort can be successful. * Ł THE result was the triumphant success of the dictator form of government, under the wgis of an opposing po-litical party. It was better that government by dicta-torship should triumph, even at the sacrifice of party success, than that there should be a triumph of popular government. Such is the view of the political "boss." The man in possession of autocratic power holds that possession above every other consideration. It is not human nature to do otherwise. * THE dictator who achieved success in the electoral contest, is a man who but recently returned to this coun-try from a sojourn abroad, which is said to have been largely spent at the English race tracks. It seems to be getting quite the fashion for men who acquire wealth and political distinction here to make the Old WorldŠand especially EnglandŠtheir recreation ground, and to spend only so much of their time in this country as is necessary for a proper attention to "business." Consid-ering the facts which confront us, we may without any great stretch of imagination, contemplate the time when our "rulers" will return from across the water only for the purpose of dictating our politics and setting up their men in office, and having thus attended to "business," will hie them back again to the shores and society which they find more congenial to their tastes. * * THIS triumph of dictatorial government was "by the people." By their votes the people deliberately sanc-tioned and put it into effect. And thus they have them-selves proclaimed, in effect, that in this leading city of the Union, we have come in the evolution of polities to the place where "government of the people, by the peo-ple," and government by dictatorship mean one and the same thing. * * To him who can read the signs of the times, there is in all 'this a plain omen of a transition through which government is rapidly passing in this country, and one which is eliminating the features of republican govern-ment and substituting in their place the features of a despotism. It is not difficult to conjecture that when the evils under which the people are suffering, and which the prevailing system of government seems rather to foster than relieve, shall have progressed beyond a certain point, the people will welcome a monarchy in some form 