NEW YORK, OCTOBER 9, 1890. VOLUME 5. NUMBER 40. -.400Ili iv-  - qi H111111110 "0 VIII Equal and exact justice to all rtiert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jefferson. The American Sentinel. PIIRIASHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - . ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOC/ATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. THE Maryland State Prohibition plat-form has the following as one of its planks :Š We approve our Sabbath laws and their enforce-ment, which secures to the people one day's rest in seven. This the New York Voice calls an al-most model platform. But that political platform which approves of Maryland Sabbath laws is as far from model, as the darkest laws of the Dark Ages are from the Constitution of the United States.ŠSigns of the Times. Ł  A CELEBRATED European nobleman says : ﬂ The Americans have the best Govern-ment, because they are scarcely aware that they have any Government at all." Commenting upon this, the Christian, Ad-vocate says : " When the inhabitants of a country become able to govern themselves they need no other Government. Without self-control among the citizens freedom is impossible." This is true; but so-called National Reform, which is more or less in favor with the Advocate, is not calculated to develop self-control. National Reform is paternalism, and paternalism in gov-ernment is utterly destructive of self-government. THE French are noted for going to ex-tremes. In that country, Catholics are now forbidden to walk in procession on Corpus Christi. L'Univers says they may blame themselves for it. It further says.: "We are Catholics, and the vast majority of the French people are Catholics, Our God  claims to show his universal sovereignty in the streets once a year. It is his right, and our right. We ask no one to join in our peaceful procession, neither the Jew who crucified him, nor the atheist who denies him. We respect their liberty, but we want them also to respect ours." It is possible that there is some justification for such a prohibition, but we can scarcely imagine what it would be. To us it would seem that the forbidding of religious pro-cessions, is an exhibition of intolerance, unworthy the officers of a great govern-ment. If France fears a procession of Roman Catholics she must indeed be in a sad state. Ł-Ł The State Is of the People. SOME time ago, Rev. E. H. Ashmun, of Denver, Colorado, preached to the Patri-otic Order of the Sons of America, a ser-mon on what he intended to be, " National Education," but if his views should be carried out, it would be national mis-edu-cation. He declared that the education furnished by the public schools " must be to a degree, Christian " and non-sectarian. He did not tell how the State is to find out what Christianity is, without recog-nizing and establishing a particular re-ligion, nor did he seem to care how the thing should be brought about, only so that his views of Christianity and non-sectarianism should be taught in the schools. And that is all that the argu-ment means about religion and non-secta-rianism in the public schools. It means simply some man's particular views of what constitutes religion and non-secta-rianism, and in the end this is simply sec-tarianism in religion. This is fully demonstrated in Mr. Ash-mun's speech, because the whole thing was a continuous onslaught upon the Roman Catholic Church, and its practices, and its opposition to the Protestant Bible in the public schools, all of which he denounces as sectarian. When any man cems that opposition to the Bible in the public schools is sectarian, his claim is in  itself sectarian; because the claim is al-ways in favor of some particular version of the Bible, and in the discussion that is now going on it is in behalf of the King James version, in other words, of the Protestant Bible, but Protestantism is no less sectarian than Catholicism, Judaism, Mohammedanism or anything  else. Again, not all of those who are taxed to support the public school believe in the Bible, and would not even if there were but one version of it in the world, and even if it were of all books the only one recognized as the Bible; and to compel men who do not believe in the Bible to submit to the dictation of those who do, is wrong; to compel men who do not believe the Bible to receive it as others believe it, and be-cause others believe it, is persecution and sectarianism too. Mr. Ashmun says that " to make good citizens, you must make good men." That depends upon the sense in which the word " good " is used. If it is used in the sense of civilly good, then it is only to say that in order to make good citizens you must make good citizens, which is altogether likely. But in the sense in which Mr. Ashmun uses it, that is, if you would make good citizens you must make morally good men, then it is not true. A man may be morally bad, and yet he may be a good citizen. It is very doubtful whether either at the time in which he lived, or now, there could be found a man who would say that Benjamin Franklin was not a good citizen. But it would certainly be difficult to find a man, who is acquainted with Franklin's character as a man, who would say that Franklin was a good man. Franklin himself would not say it. Alexander Hamilton is another instance, and there are many others. The truth is that morally speaking, a person may be a bad man, and yet he may be a good citizen. But even though it were the actual truth, as Mr. Ashmun means it, that to be a good man is essential to being a good citizen, and that the State must make men good, there never could be any such thing as a good citizen, be- 