SEI'ITINEL, OF LIBEisTy. 743 Jew execute it-or Christian perform, it, and the soDner our neighbors learn this the more apt they will be to render that justice and that charity which they are -accustomed to denominate Christian, but which in reality is nothing more nor less than charity without the qualifying term." MEETING ,OF THE TORONTO (ONT.) BRANCH OF THE 44  LORD'S DAY ALLIANCE." A MEETING of the Toronto branch of the Cana-dian religious organization known as the "Lord's Day Alliance," was held in that city, November 13. The following report of the proceedings was made by the Toronto World, a paper which does not look with favor upon the Alliance, and is inclined to be-little its work and influence. That this organization is accomplishing much work, however, and has the zeal necessary to success in what it aims at, is quite clear. We quote from the World's report: s" In his annual report the secretary, Rev. J. C. Tibb, pointed out that the branch has, during the year, made more or less successful efforts to stop the sale of refreshments, ice-cream, and cigars on Sunday. They had not been so successful with the street-cars to Munro Park, or Mimico. The Sunday entertainments at the Island, it was observed, had ceased to be sacred, as comic songs had been sand-wiched in. Great difficulty has also \been encoun-tered in obtaining witnesses to prove the sale of liquors in parks on Sundays. Sunday Ice-Cream Parlors. " Rev. J. G. Shearer, the traveling secretary, said that Montreal and Toronto would have to settle the kind of Sabbath we are to have in Canada. He would not like to say how often in his travels throughout the province he had had the remark thrown in his face, when, appealing for funds: Well, you can not keep the Sabbath in Toronto. You had better go back there.' " The Sunday ice-cream parlor,' he continued, is an established institution.' "'Rev. J. C. Tibb: No, no! It is not!' " Mr. Shearer: 'I take exception to the secretary's opinion. It is established here, as in some other places. I myself saw it sold in this city on more than one occasion this summer, and I must insist that the secretary is in error. And the Sunday soda-water fountain, and the tobacco store, and the candy shop are here.' , " A voice: 'And the Sunday concert.' The Sunday Concert ! "Mr. Shearer: Oh, yes; the Sunday concert. Everybody knows about that. I have been deeply  -pained with the development along these lines.' Montreal,: he continued, was even further ad-vanced in these things than Toronto, but through the efforts of the Roman Catholic authorities in that city, the poliee had ordered the theatres to close on Sunday.' [Hear, hear, and applause.] There will not be,' he said, in conclusion, any arresting of these thing in Toronto until there is a mighty edu-cational campaign inaugurated here.' [More ap-plause.] Mr. Tibb Speaks of Great Work. " Rev. J. C. Tibb contended that the ice-cream and soda-water fountains were not allowed to go unmolested, therefore they were not established. Fourteen convictions were obtained for selling ice-cream on Sundays this year, and the Alliance vir-tually closed the largest places until the Exhibition. The offenders had been find $15 and $20 each. With regard to the druggists, he declared that two-thirds were' as much opposed to.  Sunday sales as were the members of the Alliance. Ice-Cream is Legal "John A. Patterson then got up and stated the law upon the subject. A restaurant,' he said, can legally sell ice-cream on Sunday. It has been held that a restaurant is entitled to sell food, and ice-cream contains food nutriment. But unless it is a restaurant the proprietor cannot sell food on Sun-day. The result is that a great many people are getting restaurant licenses. Everybody is' hungry or sick on Sundays now.' [Laughter.] " 'Drug clerks,' he added, 'were instructed in some instances to drop the eyelid and ask customers, "Are you sick? " before serving a drink. If they were sick it was all right. These facts had been sworn to in the Police Court.' " J. K. Macdonald, who had come in late, got up and said an effort should be made to regain the Sabbath in Toronto in its pristine purity. " 'Where are the pastors of the city churches to-night,' he asked, when a matter of such importance is discussed? I only see-three. [Hear, hear.] For the state of things that is pictured here to-night the responsibility lies at the doors of our ministers. [Hear, hear.] I know that to be the case. The claims of the Sabbath have not been presented to the worshiping people of Toronto as they should have been. Had they been, there would have been no Sunday street-cars. [Hear, hear.] We want our spiritual leaders to take a deeper interest in this matter than they have up to the present time.' Church Goers Use Sunday Cars. " The street-cars are here,' he continued, and any one can see that there must be a large number of church-going peopleŠpossibly those who voted 