THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 789 INVESTIGATE THE SUBJECT. AMONG the resolutions passed at the annual meeting of the Lord's Day Alliance, recently held in Toronto, Canada, was one in reference to the people known as Seventh-day Adventists,. It was recommended that earnest efforts be made by the, clergy t9 warn the people against the teach-ings of this denomination, and that ministers them-selves study the subject of the Scriptural and historical basis of Sunday observance more thor-oughly. The latter part of this recommendation is cer-tainly right to the point. In this a great many persons among the laity as well as the clergy are very remiss. Investigation of the subject has led many to the clear conviction that there is no Scrip-tural proof whatever for the observance of the first day of the week, as the Sabbath, and history shows clearly that the change from the observance of the seventh day to that of the first was made by human authority. This subject seriously needs investiga-tion on'the part of the people in general. It is to be hoped that the resolution will be heeded in this. respect. It is, somewhat noteworthy that among all the religious organizations in the land, Seventh-day Adventists should be the only one thus prominently mentioned. Why should this be? It must be be-.cailse it is recognized that this denomination standS by itself in callingŠthe attention of the "people-`to this important subject with the, purpose of getting all the people to investigate the question. Will not the matter bear investigation by the laity or common people?. Have the clergy jurisdic-tion over the literature of the people? The remark was made that the common people could not stand it to read the literature of the denomination in question, that they are not competent to do this, and 'ministers are at fault who allow their members to read this literature. This savors too much 'of papal interference with personal rights. We have more, confidence in the intelligence of the people than that. Let all read up on this subject. Oakville, Ont. F. D. STARR. HE who would observe the Sabbath out of 'fear of the law, or fear of public opinion, would do homage not to the Sabbath, but to the slavish prin-ciple of fear. Real homage to the Sabbath must proceed not from fear but from love. ROGERS WILLIAMS AND THE QUAKERS. (Concluded.) As already stated, it was natural that the Quakers, proscribed in all the other colonies, and persecuted to the death in Massachusetts, should rendezvous, in Rhode Island. The records say: " The number of Quakers in Rhode Island constantly increased. Horace_Gardner, who was flogged and imprisoned by the authorities at Boston in May, 1658, was an inhabitant of Newport in Rhode Island. Thomas Harris, who was imprisoned and repeatedly flogged the following month, had moved from Barbadoes to Rhode Island. Catherine Scot, who was im-prisoned for two weeks and publicly flogged in the autumn of the same year, wife of Richard Scot of Providence. William Robinson, the 'first Quaker put to death, had been ' moved by the Lord to go from Rhode Island to bear witness in Mas-sachusetts.' His companion at the gallows, Marma-duke Stevenson, came by way of Rhode Island from Barbadoes.. Mary Dyer, the only woman put to death, was wife of William Dyer, secretary of Providence plantation."ŠPage 8, Introduction to " George Fox Digged out of His Burrows." Under these circumstances, we might expect some protest would come to Rhode Island from Ma'ssachusetts. It came in the form of a "Letter from-the Commis-sioners of the United Colonies to Rhode Island, concerning the Quakers." We will give it complete_ in its quaint spelling and punctuation. Letter of the Massachusetts Commissioners. "The Conirnissioners being informed that divers Quakers are arrived this summer at Rode Island, and entertained there, which may prove dangerous to the Collonies, thought meet to manifest theire minds to the Governor there as followeth: "Gent: We suppose you have understood that .the last yeare a companie of Quakers arrived at Boston upon noe other account than to disperse theire pernicious opinions had they not been pre-vented by the prudent care of the government, whoe by that experience they had of them, being sensible of the danger that might befall the Christian Religion heer professed by suffering such to be received or continued in the country, presented the same unto the Commissioners at theire meeting in Plymouth, whoe upon that occasion commended it unto the General Courts of the United Collonies, that all Quakers, Ranters, and such noted heretiques might be prohibited coming among us; and that if 