220 4  AMIEMICA.N SIENTIENIEIL5. VOL. 10, No. 28. As true Americans, who have imbibed the principles of freedom from the Constitution, our people should zealously resist the insidious encroachment of ecclesiastical and civil power; else some fine morning we too may wake up and find that the deadly, persistent force that is forever at work in human society under-mining the liberties of the individual has crept upon us unawares, and robbed us of some right that should be inseparable from our proud position as an American citizen. THE " MONITOR " FIRES ON PROTESTANT INTOLERANCE. [From the Monitor (Roman Catholic) San Francisco, Cal., June 22.] WE do not believe that there is a Catholic paper or a Catholic citizen in this country that approves of this persecution of the Seventh-day Adventists. If there be such a paper we are ashamed of it, and if there be such a Cath-olic he is a bigot. This persecution is a dis-grace to the States that permit it, and if it occurred in Catholic countries it would be taken up by all the Protestant sects and her-alded to the world as an example of papal in-tolerance. But because it occurs among the dear, good, liberty-loving Methodists nobody seems to consider it anything extraordinary. UNFAIR TREATMENT. [From Dayton (Tenn.) Leader, June 581 WITHOUT discussing the merits, or the de-merits, of the Sunday law, there is no question but the Seventh-day Adventists are being treated unfairly in this county. That they are being prosecuted, or rather, persecuted, because of their religion there can be no question. The grand juries that indicted them ignored the " lawlessness " of the 400 or 500 men who work within sight of the court house every Sunday, and went five miles away to find indictments against a little band of Seventh-day Adventists down at Graysville. Their neighbors of other religious beliefs say the Adventists are admirable citizens and they denounce their persecution in the most un-, measured terms. That the indictment of the Adventists originated from no worthy motives is quite apparent to the most obtuse-minded. In the first place, if the motives were pure, the law would have been invoked against all known Sunday law breakers in the county, regardless of their religious convictions, or stations in life. In the second place, the LEADER is credibly informed that some of the very men who were most active in finding indictments against Seventh-day Adventists have been guilty of laboring at their usual vocations of life all day Sunday more than once within the past five weeks. Why make a specialty of the Adventists ? Does not the law apply to others, as well as the Adventists? The LEADER is not discussing the merits of the law, but in the name of justice and decency let us have the law administered im-partially. Let us not crucify one class of  industrious citizens, because of their religion, for the very same violations of law that we indorse and condone in hundreds of others. Give 'all citizens a fair and impartial deal under the law, and let us not adopt that relic of the Dark AgesŠreligious intolerance and bigotryŠin, this enlightened age and in this favored country. How anyone possessing a spirit of even-handed justice in his heart, can indorse the persecution, or conviction, of the Seventh-day Adventists for violating the sabbath, while many hundreds of others work every Sunday in the very shadow of our court house, is a mystery which would be hard to fathom. Ł *  FREEDOM TO WORSHIP GOD. [From Rocky Mountain News, June 23.] ON the fourth of next month the American eagle will give his annual shriek and in hun-dreds of towns and cities trained choirs will sing the national anthems of their beloved land. Orators will tell of the land of the free and the home of the brave, and their hearers will go away in a glow of patriotism to imbibe pink lemonade, and discourse upon the great-ness, the grandeur, the nobility, and especially the liberty that marks this nation. School children will raise their fresh young voices to our fathers' God, author of liberty, and re-cite the story of the gallant band who sought not bright jewels, but " freedom to worship God," and only here and there will there be a smile of quiet cynicism. The sentiment ex-pressed by Mrs. Romans is very beautiful, no doubt, but it is all sentiment, and has never been true at any time since the year 1620. The talented lady asks: " What sought they thus afar ?" and after narrating what they did not seek, goes on to say:Š They sought a faith's pure shrine! Aye, call it holy ground, The soil where first they trod. They have left unstained what there they foundŠ Freedom to worship God. Roger Williams and the Quakers didn't find any soil where they could worship God in the vicinity of Plymouth Rock, and they moved on. The Puritans were much like other good and worthy people now cumbering the earth. When they talked of freedom, they meant that the Catholic, the Jew, and the Quaker should be free to worship God according to Cotton Mather. The latter-day Puritan differs essentially in only one particular. He is willing to dispense with. any kind of worship at all, rather than have his nerves racked by the sound of a snare drum, or his eye offended by the sight of a man worshiping on Saturday. It is somewhat premature to thank God that we are not as the rest of men in the past, so long as the spirit that burned Servetus at the stake, for the good of his soul, is still extant. The first of this month a Seventh-day Bap-tist [Adventist] was tried for hoeing his gar-den on Sunday, though he keeps Saturday holy; this occurred in Mississippi. The mid-dle of last month an Adventist living in Douglasville, Ga., was sent to the chain-gang. A bill was introduced in the Tennessee legis- lature last winter making all personal property liable for fines and costs in misdemeanor cases. Its avowed purpose was to strip the Adventists of everything belonging to them as personal property under the State Sunday law. This week several Salvationists were arrested in Colorado Springs, not for obstructing the highway or disturbing the peace, but under an ordinance which refers specifically to " loafers, loungers, and bums." Yesterday's papers tell of an attempt to drive an ice-wagon over a group of Salvationists in St. Louis, and a proposition of a gentleman to hose them if they did not move on. What crime have these people committed ? Are they heathens ? Oh, no, but even if they were we permit the Chinese to have joss-houses. Even if they had committed some misdemeanor they might still go at large. When Captain Cox was arrested as a " bum" for preaching to those who were unmistaka-bly bums, the policeman did not wrest any of them. The intolerable crime which they have committed is preaching Christ crucified, and preaching on the streets as Christ himself was compelled to preach by the Pharisees of his day. Does any officer ever enforce the law against swearing ? No, it is only where the name of God is taken reverently, by in-spired lips, that warrants are sworn out. The pity of it is that this is done, or at least is permitted, by the followers of Christ, the good people, the respectable part of the community. The law represents them. They stand like modern Pauls, consenting to the stoning of these followers of Christ. It is when the Church and the world are most friendly that real Christianity fares worst. The Salvation Army will not suffer, nor these other denominations, for it is written : "Bles-sed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets." Christian people have need to remember Ma-caulay's words: " The whole history of the Christian religion shows that it is in far greater danger of being corrupted by the alliance of power than of being crushed by its opponents." RELIGIOUS INTOLERANCE. [From Daily Nevada State Journal, Reno, Nev., June 231 IN some of the Southern and Eastern States honest, industrious and peaceable citizens are being fined and imprisoned because of their religious belief. The victims of this intoler-ance 'are members of the Seventh-day Advent-ist Church. They believe in observing the seventh or Sabbath day, in obedience to the command of the Decalogue, to remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. The AMERICAN SENTINEL, a paper which advocates religious liberty, tells of the case of Robert Nash, an Adventist, who was arrested at Aberdeen, Miss., for working on Sunday. He pleaded guilty and conducted his own case, using the Bible for his law book. He keeps 