THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 421 National Reform Logic. The Baltimore Methodist has an Epworth League department, "edited by the Rev. Joseph Dawson." In the Methodist of June 28, Mr. Dawson discusses the question, "When Is a Nation Safe?" and under the sub-heading, "Christian Patriotism," he says: "Christ was a patriot and loved his nation. He sought to teach truths, which, if followed, would lead to civic and national righteousness. We are his fol-lowers and must not stand aloof from matters per-taining to the good of our country. The politics of a nation are strictly regulated by the character of a nation. Your politics will not rise above the general level of national character any more than water will rise above its own level. Purer politics means purer men ; nobler politics means nobler hearts." There is no evidence that Christ loved "his nation" any more than he loved all nations. Indeed we are plainly told that "God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life." Again, the disciples were commissioned to go "into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature ;" and in almost the closing words of the closing chapter of the Bible, we find this gracious in-vitation, not to "his nation," but to all the world: "And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst, Come. And whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely." It is clear that Christ entertained no such feeling as that which is described by the word "patriotism." "Is he the God of the Jew only? is he not also of the Gentiles ? Yes, of the Gentiles also." Christian patriotismŠthe patriotism that is begot-ten by the Spirit of ChristŠis love, not of the land of one's birth, not love of those of the same nationality as ourselves, but love of the "better country" (Heb. II :8-16), and of all men because God loves them and ' wants to make them all citizens of that country. The Christian's citizenship is not here. "For our citizenship is in Heaven." Phil. 3:20, R. V. It is true that the world holds the Christian as a citizen of the country in which he lives ; and in virtue of being a man the Christian has certain rights among men; but he is none the less a foreigner to earth and earthly things ; being in the world but not of it. But note Mr. Dawson's logic. He says : "The politics of a nation are strictly regulated by the char-acter of a nation. Your politics will not rise above the general level of national character any more than water willl rise above its own level. Purer politics mean purer men ; nobler politics means nobler hearts." In this Mr. Dawson reverses his own order. After first stating the truth, that "politics cannot rise above  the general level of national character"Šby which he clearly means the general level of the character of 'the individuals who compose the nationŠturns around and makes "purer politics" the means of making "purer men," and "nobler politics" "nobler hearts"! But is not such reasoning "going down into Egypt" ? It should never be forgotten that in morals the individual is everything. All character is individ-ual character. And "purer men" and "nobler hearts" are possible .only by the transforming grace of God. There is no power in politics to make any man one whit purer, or one heart one whit nobler. And what the church needs to-day is not "Christian patriotism" but Christ-likeness ; not the power of politics, but the power of the Spirit of God. " THE COMING OF THE KING." "Are we preparing the way for the coming of the King ?" asks Mr. Dawson. "Think of the evils abroad in the land, and ask, 'Am I doing my part as a Chris-tian patriot ?' Drunkenness, gambling and debauchery blot this fair land, defiling its young manhood and de-stroying its womanhood. Young people can do much to hasten the day when these things shall be no more. `The earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the Lord,' is the hope for this and every other nation. Let us show our true loyalty by abstaining from evil, and be baptized with the spirit of Christian patriotism. For "Breathes there a man with soul so dead Who never to himself hath said : `This is my own, my native land ?' Whose heart hath ne'er within him burned As home his footsteps he hath turned From wandering on a foreign strand ?" What do Christian men mean by such appealsŠby such a mingling of the sacred and the common ? Patriotism is love of country. The Chinaman may be just as patriotic as the American. Indeed the Chi-nese are so devoted to their country that no self-denial is too great for them to make during life, that after death their bodies may be carried back to final sepul-cher in their own beloved China. It is "Christian patriotism" of the very kind advo-cated by Mr. Dawson that has made Europe an armed camp, and filled her harbors, not with peaceful mer-chantmen, but with floating forts bristling with en-gines of destruction. The world needs to-day not more love of coun-tryŠwhich is only another name for selfishnessŠbut more love of souls. It is sad to see "drunkenness, gambling and debauchery blot this fair land, defiling its young manhood and destroying its womanhood," but no appeal to love of country will ever stop the inroads of sin.' The heart of the moral leper may swell 