AMERICAN SENTINEL. 343 incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God; having a form of godliness, but de-nying the power thereof: from such turn away." This portrays an entirely different scene than that presented in Isaiah, as quoted above. The two are unreconcilable, since the specifications of both must be fulfilled at the same time and by the same people. Neither is God to be made a partner to the characters brought to view here by this prophecy. What, then, is God's object in spreading all these things before his people? "Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets." Amos 3:7. He uncovers the work of evil designing men, and warns his people of the dangers before them, that they might foresee the evil, avoid being partakers of it, and escape the destruction which follows. "And the Lord said, Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do; seeing that Abraham shall surely be-come a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him." Gen. 18:17, 18. .1-Ł-Ł41 From Beneath the Southern Cross. BY JOHN MCCARTHY. AT the last Exposition held in the Republic of Guat-emala, in 1898, the representative of the British and Foreign Bible Society hired a pavilion, where he exhib-ited numerous samples of the Bible, in a great variety of languages and dialects. The jury of the exposition have awarded the British Bible Society a gold medal as a prize for the beautiful collection of books exhibited. May this be an omen that Guatemala has fallen in love with the Book of books, which they may follow to the rejection of human tradition. LAST year a great religious controversy arose over an incident of great importance which happened in the Republic of Peru. The republic being in the thraldom of Rome, had decided that all marriages not celebrated in the Catholic Church were illegal, and consequently the offspring of such a matrimony would be illegitimate. Dr. Wood, the pioneer Protestant missionary to Peru, has however put in some solid work to bring about a change in the constitution, which will legalize the mar-riages solemnized outside the pale of the Roman Catholic Church. The president of Peru, Dr. Pierola, has recently promulgated a law authorizing the civil marriage. But the sacerdotal clique; desirous of having the monopoly in this direction, have begun a systematic opposition to the law, and threaten to organize a revolution against the government, if it should fail to accede to their re-quest by retaining the civil marriage law on the statute book. TN the city of Buenos Aires a colporter called at the house of the Sisters of Charity and offered them a Bible  for sale. They took the Bible from him, and requested him to call later on for an answer. Upon calling next day they told him they had destroyed his Bible, since such was a prohibited book, and as if to verify their statement they showed him a Bible torn in pieces. How-ever he insisted on having the Bible or the equivalent of same returned to him, and the "Sisters" seeing he was an unrelenting person, finally brought him his Bible, and bade him be off. IN the early months of last year some burglars en-tered the Cathedral of Lujan, province of Buenos Aires, and successfully carried off all the jewels worn by the world known Virgin of Lujan, estimated to have been worth $60,000. Father Salvaire,,the curate in charge, decreed that special prayers should be said to the image of the ¨irgin, for the restoration of the lost jewels; how-ever, as in the case of the priests of Baal when they called upon their god to consume their sacrifice, the vir-gin heard not their many masses and petitions; and fi-nally the priests of Lujan, losing faith in her power to restore the lost articles, resorted to the chief of police, and requested him to take the matter in hand. In a short time the detectives were able to accomplish that which the "image of the virgin mother of God" could not do, and so the stolen jewels were restored to the graven image in the church of Lujan. Yet it was then claimed by the ecclesiastical authorities that those things could never have been found but for the holy in-tervention of the virgin; so they claim the recovery to be a great miracle, and have ord- red special adoration to be rendered to the image. Six years ago two biblical colportors entered into the Republic of Bolivia. The priests learning of their mission preached a religious crusade against them. The poor priest ridden populace, thinking to do God's will in blindly obeying these papal guides, at the latter's insti-gation, seized upon the colportor's Bibles and publicly burnt them; and then as if anxious to exterminate her-esy, they pursued the colportors, who had fled from the enraged, fanatical crowd to the caves of the Andes, and having discovered them in the mountain recesses, they mingled their blood with that of the seas of blood which had already been shed on behalf of the glorious truths of the gospel. A great pile of stones raised over their last resting place, in the mountain pass from Bolivia to the Argentine Republic, is a permanent monument to the bigotry and intolerance of the Church of Rome. Argentine Republic. THE Indiana Supreme Court has given a decision upholding the Sunday law against the demands of base-ball clubs for Sunday games. A Dictionary Free! Read what we have to say along this line on page 350. 