AMERICAN .SENTINEL. 179 to be preceded by the slaughter of thousands of per-sons." Ichabod! The only word that now remains is Ichabod. A. T. J. The Spirit of It. Sunday enforcement is enforced homage to the church of Rome; and Rome joins in the movement expressly to secure such homage to herself. But it is homage to Rome whether enforced by Rome herself, or by a "Sab-bath association" calling itself Protestant. IN the annual report of the New York Sabbath Com-mittee for 1897-8, it is stated that "For some time past, the Catholic pastors of Rome have been carrying on a campaign in favor of Sunday rest. They urged their people as good Catholics to close their shops on Sundays and on religious festivals. Subsequently some of them reinforced this appeal with the assurance that good Catholics would deal only with the shops which assented to this arrangement. "The civil authorities regarded this action as in vio-lation of the provision of the Penal Code which punishes with fine and imprisonment all threats or intimidation meant to interfere with another's liberty. The cures were summoned before the police and enjoined to cease their efforts in this direction. In reply, they declared that they had in view only the observance of God's com- mandments, and that their action in no way impaired the liberty of labor. " Special orders were given by the vicarate of Rome to all the religious communities to deal only with the shops which close on Sunday; an effective measure, because those communities are numerous, and their patronage valuable. The cures also announced that they would publish a list of those who agreed to close their shops for all day on Sunday." This shows plainly enough the animus of the Sunday movement. Its spirit is that of "rule or ruin." It says to the shopkeeper, "Close up on Sunday or I will ruin your business! What you believe or wish in the matter counts for nothing." It will work through the civil au-thorities if it can; and it will proceed without these, and even in defiance of them, if it can. What it has done in Italy it would do in America; it is the same movement in both countries. Notice further, that what is compelled of these shop-keepers under threat of boycott, is homage to the Cath-olic Church. That church expressly declares in her books of doctrine that the Sabbath was changed to Sunday by authority of the church, and rests upon no other basis. Hence it is not a command of God, but a command of the Catholic Church, that these shopkeepers must obey in Sunday closing. The Catholic Church is, by threats of boycott, compelling the shopkeepers of Rome to pay her homage. What the Catholic Church is doing in Rome, she would do in America if she had the power. She would compel American shopkeepers to bow to her decrees here, as she does Italian shopkeepers in Rome. And the Sunday movement is putting just this power into her hands. The Church Will "Get the State." FOR years the church and the workingmen in this country have been drifting apart. The basis of unity between them which once existed has been lost, and no great effort has been put forth to restore it. From that basis the church, led by those who love money more than men, and the higher criticism more than the higher life, is daily moving further away. But a new basis of union has been found, upon which the church and the workingmen can get together, al-though not to serve what were once the chief interests of church work. Apparently, the ends to be attained are a secondary consideration compared with the fact that the church and workingmen can once more stand together. This new basis is that of regard for the observance of Sunday. In the cities of Pittsburg and Allegheny, Pa., this projected union has begun to take definite shape. Re-cently there was formed there a confederation of the churches, about 180 in number, to work up public senti-ment in favor of more rigid enforcement of the Sunday laws. February 19, this federation, in conjunction with the "Christian Alliance," called a mass meeting of work-ingmen in one of the city theaters, and succeeeded in forming a coalition with the Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel Workers. The president of the Asso-ciation made a speech, in which he said:Š "What we have long sought assiduously has come in part. The church and the laboring men have come to-gether. We will soon get the state, and with the church, the state, and the laboringmen united in a common cause, man's inhumanity to man will cease. All recog-nize the fact that the Sabbath is being desecrated by labor in the mills. The remedy for this wrong lies in unity and cooperation. If this is not the remedy, it is the only force that can apply the correct remedy. The man who cavils at organization is weak or foolish. The church, the state, the nation are examples of its power. Legal enactments and independent political action for the preservation of the Sabbath will not be effective with-out the organization of labor. Would that all men,  could see this! I trust the results of this meeting may be as effective in throwing down the walls of the modern Jericho [Johnstown] as was the sound of the ram's horns in throwing down those of Jericho of old. May it result in the unification of all forces. "Church and labor organizations are together in part only, because the church and labor organizations in co- Operating simply wait that the trio may be complete. We want the state. Thus armed we shall be enabled to make war upon every Sunday desecrator. Organize, unite and cooperate. What we are after now are the 