400 VoL. 10, No. 50. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 19, 1895. f ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. OUR NEXT ISSUE. As No. 50 marks the limit of the volume, the next issue of the SENTINEL will be dated Jan. 2, 1896. Hence there will be no issue of the SENTINEL next week. Ł FATHER O'KEEFE O'KEEFE ON SUNDAY OBSERVANCE. THE demand for our issue of Nov. 28, con-taining the letter of Father O'Keefe to some M. E. ministers on Sunday observance, has so far exceeded the limits of the edition printed, that we have decided to reprint the letter, together with some additional correspondence between the parties of a no less interesting nature, in our first issue of 1896, the date of which will be Jan. 2. So send in your orders at once for this issue, in order that we may be able to make the supply commensurate with the demand. DURING the week ending Dec. 14, two sab-bath (Sunday) conventions have been in ses-sion, one at Reading, Pa., and one at Balti-more, Md., for the purpose of pushing the demand for legislation upon religious ques-tions. The leaders in this work are confi-dently looking to Congress for such legisla-tion during the present session, and we fear their confidence is but too well founded. A notice of the work of these conventions will appear in our next issue. THE Christian Work, of Dec. 12, prints the following:Š It isn't often one meets with such an involved sen-tence as appears in the editorial column of a valued western contemporary : " If people work six days, they may do all their work, or, at least, as much work as they have strength to do if they would continue to have strength for any extended period." The sentence was evidently evolved under the inspiration of the idea that Sunday rest by law is based upon physical necessity. THE American Missionary Association at its recent session took occasion to refer to one manifestation of prevailing lawlessness in our land, by adopting a report " bearing testimony against that form of lawlessness which has be-come alarmingly prevalent in many sections of our country, by which mobs of infuriated men usurp the functions of judge and jury, and put to death, often with cruelty and tor-ture, persons suspected of crime who have never been proved to be guilty, and who, in some cases, are undoubtedly innocent." " This deliverance," says the Christian Work, frankly admitted that such crimes are not  peculiar to any section of the country, and declared that ' some of the most flagrant out-breaks of this nature have recently occurred in Northern States 'Šall of which is true." Individual lawlessness has its seat in the in-dividual heart; and while human law may restrain its manifestations, the power of God alone can work a cure, by making the evil heart good. The work of the gospel is there-fore of the utmost importance to the stability of government and the peaceful enjoyment of human rights. It is the Spirit of God that does most to hold earth's lawlessness in check. Then let the professed ministers of the gospel, as they see lawlessness increasing like a flood, redouble their efforts to induce men to yield their hearts to that Spirit, instead of spending their time and energies in calling for religious legislation; and let the government carefully withhold its hand from any interference with those engaged in gospel work, if it would not adopt a policy that is suicidal. SENATOR HOAR'S recent telegram to Pres-ident Cleveland shows how deeply the Arme- nian outrages are stirring the civilized world. The message was as follows :Š To the President: You may depend upon my support in the Senate, both by speech and vote, of the most vigorous action you may take to prevent further cruelties towards the Armenians in Turkey, even if you determine to treat the persons who commit them as pirates or common enemies of the human race. GEORGE F. HOAR. The evidences thicken on every hand that the fulfillment of Dan. 11: 45 is an event of the near future; and it should not be forgot-ten that closely connected with the removal of the Turkish capital to Jerusalem are the events of the first verse of the twelfth chap-ter. The standing up of Michael (Christ) means the destruction of all earthly kingdoms to make way for the everlasting kingdom of God as indicated in Ps. 2: 8, 9. IT is said that while religious legislation is not capable of reforming character, it can create a proper moral environment for the citizen, and should be had for this purpose. But when legislation has reached the limit of its utility as the protector of natural rights, it cannot upon any just or reasonable grounds be extended into the domain of morality. There are some glaring evils of our civic life, Šthe saloon for instanceŠwhich stand in the way of the enjoyment by all of " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness," and should therefore, as far as possible, be removed by law; not because they are immoral, but be-cause they are inimical to human rights. Murder is immoral; but it is not dealt with by the law in consideration of the degree of immorality it represents, but as an act des-tructive of those natural rights which it is the purpose of government to:protect. Murder, theft, false witness, and adultery are forbidden by the Decalogue upon moral grounds, and will be dealt with by God in the Judgment as immoral acts; but human law can deal with them only as acts destructive  of that civility necessary to the enjoyment of natural rights and the preservation of civil government. The law against worshiping idols and the law against stealing stand in the Decalogue upon common ground; but only in the law of God can they thus stand. Human legislation cannot deal with morality, and therefore can-not be properly used to create a moral envi-ronment. But it can and should create an environment in which every citizen will be taught to respect the rights of his neighbors; and we would suggest to those calling for re-ligious legislation that they secure this envi-ronment first, before atttempting to create one which will foster morality. There is work enough for the State at present in producing the former. When the State undertakes to produce an environment which, in addition to this, shall be a moral environment, it starts upon a task which it has neither the power, the wisdom, nor the authority to carry out, and which will only lead it into mazes of theological discus-sion and controversy, where justice as well as common sense will become lost, and bigotry and persecution be let free to do again their deadly work. If the men who are calling for a moral environment by force of human law would be as active in seeking to create it by the power of the gospel of which they are pro-fessed ministers, they would be working to infinitely better purpose. Jr anyone doubts that this is a "Christian" nation, the following item of news from the Cincinnati Enquirer, of Nov. 27, ought to forever settle the question:Š LAWRENCEBURG, Ky., Nov. 26.ŠMr. John A. Fenton and Miss Carrie Samson, of Ripyville, were married yesterday. The bride is a charming young woman of 19 summers. This is her second matrimonial venture, and Mr. Fenton's third time. He is only 31 years old. The bride's first husband is still alive, as are also the groom's other two wives. Mr. Fenton's first and second wives have both been married and divorced since living with him. The third Mrs. Fenton's first husband has again married, and is now suing for divorce, only four months after his marriage. Doubtless these " marriages " were all cel-ebrated by professed.  ministers of Him who said: " Whosoever putteth away his wife, and marrieth another, committeth adultery : and whosoever marrieth her that is put away from her husband committeth adultery." And doubtless also these same ministers are to a man in favor of Sunday laws, because, for-sooth, "we are a Christian people "! AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address, 1 year - 75c " 25 and under 50 " " " 1 " - 60c " 50 and under 100 "ti ti 1 ti 550  " 100 or more t< 44 if 1 44 500  To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - 5s Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City 