288 AJDIDOM,IcitaNT SMNT°111EN11..4 VOL. 11, No. 36. NEW YORK,- SEPTEMBER 10, 1896. I ANY one receiving -.,the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it marknow.that. it s sent to hind by, some friend. Therefore, those who haven -ordered-the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will-be as ed to pay! for it. THE article on anotherŠ  .page, "The Bug-ness of Preachera," should be carefully read. The subject is one that should be understood not only by preachers, but by the people. THAT the preacher as a man has the same rights as other men cannot be denied; but when he uses his official poSition of an ambas-sador for Christ for the promotion of interests not within the sphere of his commission from Christ, he is as guilty of perversion as any other accredited agent who uses for one pur-pose money or influence intrusted to him for quite another purpose.. THE minister who: takes politics into the pulpit both misrepresents Christ by going out-side of the gospel commission while professing to be acting under it, and imposes upon his congregation who expect him to preach, not polities, but religion. PoLmcs in its best-  sense is simply the science of conducting business for the public; and as well might the minister drag the busi-ness of rival firms into' the pulpit, recom-mending the one and denouncing the other, as to discuss the policies of parties. The man has a right to do such things in a proper way; the minister has no Ł such right, for it is the divine commission and call that make him a minister, and his commission is not only silent as to politic's, but inferentially forbids the theme by assigning the minister his subject, namely, the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL has no opinion to express as to the merits of the respective candi-dates or platforms,,lankit has a decided opinion as to the propriety of degrading the pulpit to the level of the political stump. ,The practi-cal workings and effect of doing this are well illustrated by the following which appeared in one of the morning papers in this city on the 7th inst.:Š "Rev. Thomas Dixon., Jr., preached a sen-sational sermon at 'the Aeademy of Music yes-terday morning on The Political Crisis.' He said many unkilid thing's 'Of-William Jen-nings Bryan, the DeinoCiatic Party and the free silver movement: in doing so he man-aged to stir up a hornet's nest and create a scene in which cheers and hisses were about equally mingled. , " Professor Edwin V. Wright, who founded the Anti-Monopoly Leagne and the Bimetallic , Association, was in ., the audience. He has  just returned from a stumping tour for silver with George Fred Williams through New England. He listened quiety to Mr. Dixon's excoriation until the preacher asserted that the Republican Party stood for all that was good and pure, while the Democratic Party was the champion of all that was the absolute reverse. Then Professor Wright jumped to his feet, shook his fist at the pastor and ex-claimed: " What you say is falseŠabsolutely false. You don't know what you're talking about.' "All were dismayed for a moment and then a shout of applause arose, followed by a storm of hisses. " The Rev. Mr. Dixon hadn't expected all this, and it took him several minutes to dis-cover his own location. Then he proceeded calmly with his dissertation. He compli-mented the Populists and said the People's Party had been much maligned. " The Democratic party was in hell,' said he, when it pulled itself together by tying to the Populists in the Chicago convention. Don't you believe that all Populists are ig-norant. The leaders of the party are men 'of brains and of education. And they are fine-looking men, too. Many of them are handsomer even than Theodore Roose-velt.' " This, of course, scored a laugh, and Mr. Dixon continued: " In such a crisis as now confronts us, it 'is the duty of every patriotic citizen to vote the straight Republican ticket. I voted for Mr. Cleveland, and now before God I ac-knowledge my sin.' I'm going to vote for Bryan,' some one shouted, and 'Š " Here, too!' came from another. "However, Mr. Dixon was not taking a straw vote, so he paid no attention to the in-terruptions. " The proposition of Mr. Bryan and his party,' said he, to pay off the bonds of the United States, on which 100 cents on the dollar were raised, in coin worth only 53 cents on the dollar, is downright rascality. It is nothing more nor less than bunco steer-ing.' " I wont stand this any longer,' said a patriarchal looking gentleman with a long flowing white beard, and he left the build-ing. Fully one hundred others followed. Then Mr. Dixon scored Mr. Bryan for advo-cating a policy which, he said, would permit insurance companies to pay widows and or-phans in depreciated coin. He predicted dis-aster in case of Bryan's election, and said that fully 2,000,000 men would be imme-diately thrown out of work. Every one to whom a dollar was due would get only 53 cents. " It is not true,' shouted James T. Mad-den. Then there was more applause, and more hisses. Mr. Madden' went to the speaker, gave him his card, and left the place, followed by many more." Such scenes should bring the blush of shame to the cheek of every Christian.  Surely " Babylon is fallen, is fallen," and is fast becoming " the hold of every foul spirit, and the cage of every unclean and hateful bird." AFFAIRS in the East are fast approaching a crisis. Advices from Berlin under date of the 6th inst. state that the recent " conferences between the Czar and the Emperor and the Russian and German diplomats are said to have related to a new concert of the powers with regard to Turkey. It is known in Berlin that Prince Hohenlohe, the Imperial Chan-cellor, and Count von Osten-Sacken, the Rus-sian. Ambassador to Germany, are discussing a plan to place the Sultan under the tutelage of the Ambassadors of the powers in Con-stantinople, who will be empowered to con-trol the Sultan's selection of Ministers and also his appointment of provincial Governors. The settlement of the troubles in Crete upon the basis of European supervision appears to have been the keynote of this scheme, which at least would maintain the nominal integrity of Turkey and for a time enable the powers to escape being dragged into .a European war over the division of the spoils of the Ottoman Empire." How much longer, the utter ex-tinction of the Ottoman power in Europe and the withdrawal of the Turk to Jerusalem fore-told in the prophetic Scriptures, can be de-layed, only God knows; but all who have. heard the warning may know that " at that time shall Michael [Christ] stand up [reign], the great prince which Istandeth for the chil-dren of thy people; and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time: and at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book." Dan 12:1. MORE definite information concerning the recent arrest of Alexander Philpott, a Ten-nessee Adventist, for Sunday work, reveals the fact that it occurred not in Bedford County, but in Rutherford County. Ex-Sen-ator W. P. Tolly, well-known to SENTINEL readers as a staunch and able advocate of relig-ions liberty, is a resident of that county and will doubtless be heard from in defense of freedom of conscience. The trial of this case will not occur until sometime during the week beginning October 19, or possibly not until the following week. Murfreesborough is the county seat of Rutherford County, and the trial will take place there. SEND FOR A BIBLE CATALOGUE. THE Kansas City branch of the. Pacific Press Pub-lishing Company has gotten out a neat 20 page Bible Catalogue, which they will stmd free to any address. Send your address on a postal card to the Pacific Press, No. 18 West Fifth St., Kansas City, Mo. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Entered at the New York Post-Office. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00 Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 38 BOND &MEET, NEW YORE. 