168 THE A_MERICA.N SENTINEL,. VoL. 6, No. 21. INTEw YORK, MAY 21, 1891. NoTE.--Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IN answer to inquiries we would say that no decision has been handed down in the case of R. M. King, the Tennessee farmer, imprisoned for hoeing potatoes on Sunday in his own field. AN Omaha religious paper, devoted to National Reform, has the following item: An able but skeptical lawyer, in referring to the answer which Jesus gave to the entangling ques-tion of the Pharisees and Herodians : "Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's; and unto God the things which are God's," said, "That is the most brilliant reply I have ever heard." The skeptical lawyer spoke none too highly of Christ's answer, and one beauty of it is that it is just as apt when applied to National Reformers as to the Pharisees. It is utterly crushing in either case. A CORRESPONDENT of the Observer, says : The sects which have broken from the Russian Church number between one and two hundred. An American missionary, who is familiar with Russia, assured me that there were even now as many as one hundred and seventy-five of these dissenting bodies, and they contain three million members. They arose at the time of Peter the Great, and were one manifestation of the objec-tion of the people to the arbitrary and sweeping reforms which he inaugurated and enforced. Which is another evidence of the im-possibility of effecting moral and religious reforms by law. ONE of the' reasons (?) urged by the Mail and Express for the Sunday closing of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, is that some of the paintings are demoral-izing. " There are," says that journal, with a most reckless disregard of truth, "in the Museum representations of almost every crime." But why in the name of common sense, if this were true, would the influence of such paintings be any worse upon Sunday than upon any other day ? It seems, however, that an over-mastering desire for " civil " Sunday regulations robs those who have it.  of even the commonest kind of common sense, in regard to Sunday- and all that _pertains to it. Ł 4.  Ł  SPEAKING of some who make a plea in behalf of the workingmen for the opening of museums on Sunday, the Catholic Re-view. says :Š They are hypocrites in their pretense of consult- ing the workingmen's comfort and pleasure, for were not Christianity an element in the problem the poor workingman might work half the night and live on grass for all they cared. This could be said, much more truthfully of those who, in the name of the working-men, demand rigid Sunday closing of everything but the churches, in order, professedly, that the toiling masses may rest; in reality, that those same masses may be constrained to resort to the churches. Political demagoguery is bad enough but religious hypocrisy is doubly despicable. WE are pleased to acknowledge from Ignaz Fischer the following new sheet musicŠ" Come unto Me ; " words by D. R. Locke, music by Osgood; easy mel-ody, and beautiful words; also a choice instrumental piece, a reverie, entitled, " Lost in Sorrow." Mr. Fischer has a fine collection of sacred music, consisting of solos, duets, choruses, etc. Catalogues will be sent on application to J. Fischer & Bro., New York City, or to Ignaz Fischer, 229 Summit S St., Toledo, Ohio. A PITTSBURG dispatch of the 11th inst. says :Š Col. Robert G. Ingersoll may not lecture in Pitts-burg. Mr. J. 0. Brown, Chief of the Department of Public Safety, has set his foot down on Sunday lectures where an admission fee is charged. The Chief received a letter from David Henderson, manager of the Duquesne Theater in. Chicago, asking whether it would be in accordance with the law of Pittsburg to have Mr. Ingersoll deliver one of his lectures on Sunday night at the theater. Chief Brown replied as follows :Š "In answer to yours of the 8th inst. I would reply that it would be directly contrary to law for Mr. Ingersoll to lecture upon the Sabbath day or evening where an admission is charged. I hope you will not attempt to have such a lecture de-livered, for it would be my imperative duty to prevent the same. This letter is written after con-sultation with the attorney of this department with reference to the law." Chief Brown, in speaking on the subject, said : " I am unalterably opposed to opening the doors any wider on the Sunday question. We have freedom enough, and lectures of this kind are only gotten up for money, and I think we might as well open the theaters for theatrical performances as a lecture of the kind Mr. Ingersoll would naturally give." Fine Sunday law that ! Great possibili-ties are certainly bound up in it. Ł  UNDER a decision of the Supreme Court of Rhode Island. a bequest based upon the religious belief of the beneficiaries falls to the ground. One, Joseph Greened a Qua-ker, was greatly disturbed during his lat-ter years by members of his family mar-rying outside the pale of the Society, and he attempted by his will to bestow his estate for the benefit of those persons whom he considered Orthodox Friends or Wilberites, as distinguished from the schismatic branches of the Society. The argument of the contestants of the will was that while it might be possible to ascer-tain one's religious professions, it is not within capabilities of human determina-tion to ascertain belief, that being a sub- jective state which has no unerring ex-ternal marks which may be passed upon. This position was sustained. " So that," remarks the Christian at Work, "whether Quaker or of ' the world's people,' if you would have your money go only into the hands of orthodoxyŠthat is, your doxyŠyou must place it there during your life-time, for the courts will not undertake to place it there when your tombstone is set up." THE Sun has the following note which is significant in view of the changes which have beeli rung by certain unscrupulous Sunday-law advocates upon the demand of certain barbers for only six days' work with seven days' pay :Š Every humane man must sympathize with the barbers employed -in the up-town shops, when it is known that they get no more pay than the down-town barbers and yet have to work until 9 o'clock at night, and on Sundays until 1- o'clock in the afternoon. The down-town barbers get the same pay, $12 or $13 a week, and are free at night and on Sundays. But now comes the strangest news. The down-town barbers consider themselves very ill used by Fate if they can not find an up-town shop in which to work on Sunday for an extra $2. We believe that we have before re-marked that there is a good deal of hum-bug about the demand for Sunday laws in the interest of barbers and others ac-customed to do more or less Sunday work. IN the report of the Grand Jury for the.  January term of the criminal court of Baltimore there are two paragraphs de- voted to Sunday laws, the one in reference to the Sunday closing of saloons, and the other a recommendation in regard to Sun-day laws in general. The latter is as follows There is a class of laws which might be called "Sunday laws," and which are undoubtedly in the best interests of the mass of the people, and which are violated, with seeming impunity by a certain class, to the serious detriment of any one in a sim-ilar business, and who keeps the law, This is nei-ther legal, nor is it treating the better citizens with any common fairness. No evil could be, much greater to all citizens than that each place of busi-ness should be in full operation on Sunday. The Sunday laws are, in many of their features, police laws, and ought to be more rigidly enforced, and we would recommend that the Legislature, at the next session, be requested to appoint a special committee of the Senate and House to make a thorough examination of all laws relating to Sun-day restrictions, with a view of determining what laws are obsolete or of impracticable enforcement, and to recommend to their respective bodies the repeal of such laws and the enactment of new statutes relating to the same subject. These laws should be drawn with special reference to their enforcement in large cities. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United states Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, S 1 b0 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 78c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s, Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York. 