THE, AMERICAN 173 without limit, and the sly promises given by various of the commissioners and directors to the rum-sellers, the restaurateurs, the venders of to-bacco, the keepers of candy stands, the sellers of soda water, the drawers of lager beer, and those engaged in public transportation, that no notice shall be taken of these petitions, and that, when the proper time comes, the gates will be open the seven days of the week. There is the highest legal duty imposed upon all those in control of the proposed Fair, both to pre--vent their own employes from performing the work necessary to keeping the Fair open on the Sabbath, and also to prevent strangers and visitors from performing the work of promenading its galleries, halls, buildings, and grounds, examining and studying and understanding the exhibits, which is a fatiguing work, and which can legitimately be performed in six days of the week. The theory that workingmen can not attend the Fair on any day but Sunday is utter bosh. The theory that a visit to the Exposition will be one purely of listless amusement and innocent recrea-tion is still more utterly bosh. And the theory that God has nothing to do with the affairs of this world, that he has repealed his Decalogue, and that he will not punish those who break it in any of its parts, is the most consummate untruth of all. On the other hand God has affixed illimitable blessings to the keeping Of the fourth command-ment, and if the commissioners and directors will immediately resolve, and so announce to the World, that the gates of the Fair shall be closed upon Sunday, and themselves keep that law in-dividually, they may expect to see a cessation of the pestilences with which so many of them and the city of Chicago have been visited; and that the sentiment of the people will be harmonized and greatly strengthened till it shall pervade all classes of the people, throughout the whole United States, in favor of making that Fair far surpass anything of the kind ever before known to the world. God constantly repeats to nations the test which he put to the Hebrews by the Prophet Elijah on Mount Carmel, and he now calls aloud in thunder tones by his providence in every sky which limits the human vision in all parts of these United States: Which is God . Is your idol Baal, God ? Or, is God the Lord Almighty, Glorious and Blessed for ever ? The Baalites were slain. History repeats itself. This shows that there is absolutely nothing in all that has been'said about the preservation of. the " American Sabbath " and the " civil Sabbath." The American Sabbath Union now demands, through its President, wht is editor and proprietor of the Mail and Express, not only that Sun-day shall be recognized as a religious in-stitution, but that it shall, be recognized as a divine institution. Principle and Expediency. HUMAN action may be either ruled by principle or swayed by expediency. There are persons whose One great question is, What is right ? If they know what is right, they know what to do. " Right wrongs no man." Right will stand. The right road is the safe road, and when once these men have settled what is the right course, they have no further concern in the matter. There are other persons who consider Mainly what is expedient, what will please those whom they desire to please; what course will avoid offense; what will be  likely to make trouble; what will natur-ally tend to further their personal aims and secure their personal advantage. Some of the greatest wrongs that have ever been done have been done under plea of expediency. The high-priest said "that it was expedient that one man [Christ] should die," " and that the whole nation perish not." The one Man died, but the nation did perish, as a consequence or disregarding righteousness and shedding the innocent blood of that one Man. So, many wrongs have been perpetrated, simply on the ground of expediency, until honest men have warred against them and driven them away. Expediency is the plea of the multitude; principle is the strength of the few. If matters are to be settled by vote, the majority will carry the day; if they are to be settled on grounds of right, then one who is right is stronger than a thousand who are wrong. Great bodies often pro-ceed on the principles of expediency. They must carry with them a majority; there are vested rights, and ancient privileges, and hoary abuses, and things which render it inexpedient for them to take the course which conscience 'dictates and which might alienate their friends. They are strong because their strength is numerical. With them the question of majorities and finances are the great questions. If men, no mat-ter how ignorant or incompetent, can be persuaded to indorse a certain course, then they are secure, for they have a majority with them. They can do nothing without majorities, and so they do whatever ma-jorities will approve. The man of prin-ciple has one question to ask concerning every matter, that is, " Is it right ? Is this thing the right thing to do ? If it is, do it; if not, let it alone." The man of principle may be mistaken, he may sometimes be wrong through error of judgment. ,The man of policy may sometimes be right, when it seems politic and profitable. The man of principle will correct his wrong when he sees it, but the man of. policy is likely to turn from the right if he can make or gain anything by so doing. It' is of the utmost importance that men, who are in unpopular minorities, hold fast to the principles of right, and educate all who are under their influence to steadfast adherence to right principles. This is their only security. If they descend to the lower grounds of policy and self-inter-est,,  they are gone. They can not compete with others on those grounds. Others have more friends, more money, and more inducements, and unless their friends and supporters are trained to stand for the right, they will not stand at all. It is a glorious thing to be on the right side, to know that one's ways please God, and to walk in paths of righteousness, upheld by the faith of Christ and the power of God. The Lord stands by the men who are content to stand with him,  though they stand alone: He who has said, " thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil," gives honor to those men who are content to accept the losses and crosses, the disabilities and the sufferings, that come through steadfast adherence to the principles of truth and righteousness. Under the lead of expediency great ma-jorities may be assembled, great masses may be organized, and great things may be done; but work done for God single-handed and alone, remains when. the work of majorities and of crowds has passed away with the men who did it, and per-ished with the things that were.ŠThe Christian. Needs no State Aid. CHRISTIANITY will prosper and do her work for good morals and virtue, without the aid of the State. She will find her way into families, schools, counties, and scatter her blessings through her agencies, and all the better for being left to herself. When she leans on the sword, her side is in danger of being pierced ; when she rests her royal head in the lap of a worldly State, she is plundered of the golden locks of her strength. Christianity is of God, and she lives by laying hold of him; and grows by self-denial and self-sacrifice. The State need not distrust her, nor provide for her, for Christianity gains most when she gives most, and she gives most when she feels most the need of giving. Jesus said, " My kingdom is not of this world : if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight. . . . I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth." Pilate was convinced by the divine bear-ing and candor of the Son of man, that whatever might be his authority, whether real or imaginary, it had reference to re-ligion, and not to the State; it rested in no degree upon the secular arm, and con-templated in no case an appeal to the secular power. And this testimony of Jesus was in perfect harmony with the whole tenor of his life and teaching. He took no step to connect his cause with the State as such. He threw out no hint that it needed the support of the civil power. He provided for no statesmen 'or soldiers, or supreme judges to carry on his work as such, but only provided for preachers and teachers. The kingdom of Christ is independent of the State, ruling in a higher sphere and with a view to higher interests, hav-ing laws and forces of its own that 'agree in character and work in harmony to the same great end,, and that any attempt to unite the two will be attended with danger to the higher, if not to the lower.ŠRev. T. D. Peake. " BE intolerant of nothing but intoler. ance." 