AMERICAN SENTINEL. 213 point of physiological knowledge. Indeed, it is only through the preachers that we learn that the medicaŁI profession are even now informed upon this point ! And here again we are left to wonder that the re-searches of the clergy in the realm of man's physical ne-cessities, and their special concern for the same, should be confined to the single matter of Sunday rest. For all this, be it remembered, has nothing to do with the clergy's regard for Sunday as a religious day, but is set forth by them from a purely civil standpoint, such as is held by all citizens in common! Is it so, indeed? We dislike to doubt the sincerity of those who make this claim; but it must be said that the appearances are sadly against it. THE Christian Statesman says that people "will learn sooner or later that no civil right can be secured to any citizen on any other than a religious basis." This it says with reference to a demand for the "civil right" of Sun-day rest, and it is, of course, an admission that such demands properly rest on a religious basis. That which rests on a religious basis is certainly religious itself; and such is the case with all legislation which the demand for Sunday rest has evolved. THE voice of Luther, that echoed in mountains and valleys, that shook Europe as with an earthquake, sum-moned forth an army of noble apostles of Jesus, and the truth they advocated could not be silenced by faggots, by tortures, by dungeons, by death; and still the voices of the noble army of martyrs are telling us that the Roman power is the predicted apostacy of the last days, the mystery of iniquity which Paul saw beginning to work even in his day. Roman Catholicism is rapidly gaining ground. Po-pery is on the increase, and those who have turned their ears away from hearing the truth are listening to her delusive fables. Papal chapels, papal colleges, nunneries, and monasteries are on the increase, and the Protestant world seems to be asleep. Protestants are losing the mark of distinction that distinguished them from the world, and they are lessening the distance between themselves and the Roman power. They have turned away their ears from hearing the truth; they have been unwilling to accept light which God shed upon their pathway, and are therefore going into darkness. They speak with contempt of the idea that there will be a revival of the past cruel persecution on the part Of Romanists and those who affiliate with them. They do not recognize the fact that the Word of God fully predicts such a revival, and will not concede that  the people of God in the last days shall suffer persecution, although the Bible says, "The dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ." Popery is the religion of human nature, and the mass of humanity love a doctrine that permits them to com-mit sin, and yet frees them from its consequences. People must have some form of religion, and this religion, formed by human device, and yet claiming divine author-ity, suits the carnal mind. Men who think themselves wise and intelligent turn away in pride from the standard of righteousness, the ten commandments, and do not think it is in harmony with their dignity to inquire into the ways of God. Therefore they go into false ways, into forbidden paths, become self-sufficient, self-inflated, after the pattern of the Pope, not after the pattern of Jesus Christ.  They must have the form of religion that has the least requirement of spirituality and self-denial, and as unsanctified human wisdon will not lead them to loathe popery, they are naturally drawn toward its provisions and doctrines. They do not want to walk in the ways of the Lord, their minds are all open to delusions, all ready to accept and believe a lie. They are willing to have the most unreasonable, most inconsistent falsehoods palmed off upon them as truth. Satan's masterpiece of deception is popery; and while it has been demonstrated that a day of great in-tellectual darkness was favorable to Romanism, it will also be demontrated that a day of great intellectual light is also favorable to its power; for the minds of men are concentrated on their own superiority, and do not like to retain God in their knowledge. Rome claims in-fallibility, and Protestants are following in the same line. They do not desire to search for truth and go on from light to a greater light. They wall themselves in with prejudice, and seem willing to be deceived and to deceive others. But though the attitude of the churches is discourag-ing, yet there is no need of being disheartened ; for God has a people who will preserve their fidelity to His truth, who will make the Bible, and the Bible alone, their rule of faith and doctrine, who will elevate the standard, and hold aloft the banner on which is inscribed, "The commandments of God and the faith of. Jesus." They will value a pure gospel, and make the Bible the founda-tion of their faith and doctrine. For such a time as this, when men are casting aside . the law of the Lord of hosts, the prayer of, David is ap-plicable,Š" It is time for Thee, Lord, to work ; for they have made void Thy law.", -1.- 41-4 THE Pope has a new scheme for regaining his lost temporal sovereignty, evolved from the outcome of the. late Italian war with Abyssinia TheItaliangovernment Ł requested the Pope to negotiate with the Negus of Abys- 44 -4 Faltering Protestants and the Roman Revival. Sr 2:-/7-14 BY MRS. E. 0. WHITE. 