"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World. VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 6, 1894. NUMBER 35.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Boso STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. F. BALLENGER, - LAST week we showed the absurdity of any suggestion of a "regency of God" as is not only suggested but claimed by the head of the Catholic Church, " Leo XIII., Pope." Tars claim of a regency of God, how-ever, is of the same piece with the sugges-tion, and claim that man is head of the body of Christ, which is his church, as is claimed by, and in behalf of, the pope of Rome; and which is indeed the foundation claim of the papacy. IN the Scriptures the Church of Christ is described under the figure of the human body as God made it. The relationship between Christ and his church is shown and illustrated by the relationship that exists between the human body and its head; and the relationship between Christ and the members of his church is illus-trated by the relationship between the members of the human body and the head of that body as God has placed it. '" THE church is his body." Eph. 1: 22. "' Now ye are the body of Christ, and members in particular." 1 Cor. 12: 27. 'The members of his church are " mem-bers of his body, of his flesh and of his lbones." Eph. 5 : 30. As with the mem-bers of the human body, the members of this church are also " members one of an-other " (Rom. 12: 5); therefore " the eye ,cannot say unto the hand, I have no need ,of thee: nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of you." " For the body is not one member, but many. If the foot shall say, Because I am not the hand, I am not of the body; is it therefore not of the body ? And if the ear shall say, -Because I am not the eye, I am not of the body; is it therefore not of the body? . . But now hath God set the mem-bers every one of them in the body as it bath pleased him." 1 Cor. 12:14. These  scriptures all speak of the Church of Christ. Now, Christ is the head of this body, which is his church. He is the head of this church, which is his body. For " He is the head of the body, the church: who is the beginning, the first-born from the dead." Col. 1:18. " God raised him from the dead . . . and gave him to be head over all things to the church, which is his body." Eph. 1: 19-23. And it is Christ himself, too, who is head of this church. Not Christ by a representative; not Christ by a substitute, a vicar, or a regent; but Christ himself, in his own proper person. This is certainly true, because in stating this same thought under the figure of a building, the Word declares that Christ himself is the chief corner stone, " the head-stone of the corner." And here are the wordS: " Ye are God's building." 1 Cor. 3: 9. In Christ " all the building fitly framed together groweth unto an holy temple in the Lord; in whom ye also are builded together for an habita-tion [a dwelling-place] of God through the Spirit" "Now, therefore, ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow-citizens with the saints and of the house-hold of God; and are built upon the foun-dation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone." Eph. 2: 21, 22, 19, 20. " This is the stone which was set at naught of you builders, ,which is become the head of the corner. Neither is there salvation in any other : for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved." Acts 4 :11, 12. Thus it is as certain as that the Scripture is true, that the head of the Church of Christ is " Jesus Christ himself." Not Christ by a representative; not Christ by a substitute, a vicar, or a regent; but Christ himself in his own proper person. .1.  YET the claim of the papacy is, that a !man is head of the Church of Christ. The claim of the Catholic Church is, that the head of that church is the head of the Church of Christ. The claim of the church of Rome is, that the bishop of Rome is headrof the Church of ChristŠin the place of ChristŠas the " representa-tive," the "substitute," the "vicar," the  "regent," of Christ. Here is the author-itative statement, if any were needed in proof of a thing that is so notorious and undenied as is this. It is well to set it down here, however, for the sake of the contrast between this absurd claim and the truth as it is in Jesus Christ and his written word. So we quote from Cardinal Gibbons:Š Says the Council of Florence (1439), at which also were present the bishops of the Greek and the Latin Church, " We define that the Roman pontiff is the successor of blessed Peter, prince of the apostles, and the true vicar of Christ, the head of the whole church, the father and doctor of all Christians; and we declare that to him, in the person of blessed Peter, was given by Jesus Christ our Saviour, full power to feed, rule and govern, the universal church." The pope is here called the true vicar or represen-tative of Christ in this lower kingdom of his church militant; that is, the pope is the organ of our Saviour, and speaks his sentiments in faith and morals.ŠThe Faith of Our Fathers, pp. 154, 155. It was the Council of Chalcedon, 451, that first addressed the bishop of Rome as " the head, of whom we are the members." LET us look at this claim of the Catholic Church in view of the statements made in the Scriptures on this point. As we have seen, the Church of Christ is his body in this world, and he is its head. God is the builder of this body, the Church of Christ, as he was the builder of the human body in the beginning; for " God hath set the members every one of them in the body as it hath pleased him." Now, take a human body as God made it, with the head in its place as God set it. In the place of that head, which God gave to that body, you put a " representative " headŠa substitute head. In the place of the true head, which God set to that body, you put a " regency " headŠanother head to occupy the place in the absence of the true headŠthen what have you ? Take away the head from a human body, and you have left only a dead body. This is the very first and the only result of taking away the head. And even though you set another head on this headless body, it is still only a dead body. Now this is precisely the case of the church of Rome. It was once the Church of Christ; its members were members of the body of Christ; and Christ was its head. It had life from Christ its living EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDTIOR. 