THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 361 WHEN TRADE FOLLOWS THE FLAG. Referring to the advocacy of "a warlike undertak-ing ostensibly for the extension of our trade with China," the venerable speaker said : "China and Russia are combined, and nothing of trade facilities with China can be secured by force or by threats of force. The authorities of China have given notice that further territorial concessions will not be made. The recent speeches of the Chinese minister should be accepted as a declaration that trade with China is to depend upon friendships, agreements, re-ciprocal relations, and that nothing will be conceded to force. England and the United States, acting sepa-rately or combined, have not the power to dictate a commercial policy to China. Russia has gained more in the last five years by peaceful means and agencies than England has gained by war in the closing quarter of this century. Russia has connected its vast Sibe-rian empire with the great Pacific sea on the east, and with the Persian gulf and the Indian ocean on the south. "The British empire in India is now embraced in the arms of Russia. That country has allied itself with China on one side and with Persia on'the other, and with openings to the sea through each country. Thus Russia is to control a third of the population of the globe, and, if we are to enjoy the benefits of trade with the millions of the East, we are to secure that trade by the profession and the practice of the principles and the arts of peace. Thus, again, it may appear that the maxim, or saying, that trade follows the flag is true only when the flag is the emblem and herald of peace. Legitimate and systematic trade shuns the flag in times of war. * THE MOST DISGRACEFUL CHAPTER OF ALL MODERN HISTORY. "Of all modern history, the most disgraceful chap-ter is that which the American nation is now writing. At the opening of the last third of this century we abol-ished slavery in America, and at the end of this cen-tury we are making war for the establishment of a system of slavery in Asia. The crimes of England, in the Sepoy war, on the upper Nile; in South Africa, are trivial offenses against justice and humanity when compared with the crime of subjugating and enslaving io,000,000 people. * * * * * * "In four years the doctrine of the right of self-government has been repudiated in Washington. * * * The downfall of Rome, as described by De Vertot, was not more rapid than the change that has taken place in the capital city of America." The remedy suggested by politicians is of course the overthrow of those now in power, of those who are directing affairs. But this is a superficial view. The fault is not in officials alone, but in the people. As a nation we have ceased to prize liberty as we ought. We have become careless, and what wonder if rulers are also becoming corruptŠwhat wonder if the polit-ical "boss" usurps the place once given to fundamental  principle. The true remedy is in calling the people back to the true principles of liberty. A correspondent of the Springfield (Mass.) Repub-lican, writing from Madrid, says : "There will be no good education in Spain so long as clericalism retains its power. I speak not of the Catholic church, but of that peculiar religio-political amalgam which is the enemy of progress everywhere. The Carlist party was supposed to be the depository of this in Spain. But Carlism is declining fast; there is but one Carlist deputy in the Chamber. No chance whatever of any serious Carlist rising. How then is it that clericalism still holds its head high ? The lib-eral reply is that the queen regent is more clerical thaff the Carlists, that she is responsible for this backward current, that she openly patronizes it and works for it in all those secret, quiet ways which 'constitutional' sovereigns know how to apply. I do not assert this of my own knowledge. I merely repeat common talk among the liberal deputies and journalists of Madrid. Until this reactionary factor is broken, there seems little chance for the liberation of the popular intelli-gence of Spain. I repeat this has nothing to do with genuine religion, for the Spanish churches in their gen-eral emptiness bear testimony to the fact that real de-votion is no more widespread than in Italy. At high mass at Segovia on Sunday I counted less than fifty persons ; I only noted one service well attended any-where in Spain and that was by peasants. There is immensely more outer regard for Catholic rites in France than in Spain, while, of course, there is no com-parison between the zealous and educated priesthood of France and the dull, and in many cases worse parish clergy of Spain." Such facts, and they are known by everybody, ought to convince even the most obtuse that there is not only nothing to be gained but much to be lost by uniting church and state, or as some prefer to speak of it, "religion and the state." But no matter what it is called ,it is always and everywhere the same baleful thing, ruinous alike to both parties to the unnatural and adul-terous union. "The Jewish or Hebrew Sabbath," says the De-fender, organ Of the "Sabbath Protective League" of New England, "was a memorial of the release of the children of Israel from Egyptian bondage,Ša sign and promise of weekly rest of body, mind and soul." Very good ; and does not every Christian belong to Abraham's seed (Gal. 3 :29) ? and if an individu21  a son of God ( 2Cor. 6:18) has he not been called out of Egypt (Matt. 2 :15) ? Are not the ten commandments addressed to those who have been brought out of Egyptian bondage (Ex. 20 :1-17)? and is not deliver-ance from bondage the first experience of every Chris-tian ? Then why should not that ancient Sabbath me-morial be observed by Christians today? * * * * * 