III II I'M' I I 41`:;li.itMINT f I up rim E767 rPF PETER DELIVERED FROM PRISON, AMERICAN SENTINEL. 21 Is State interference in Religion Upheld by God? THE question of civil jurisdiction in moral matters is becoming one of deep and widespread interest in religious circles. Arguments as to its fitness, both for and against, are advanced with much earnestness and warmth by those in high positions, but without permanently decid- ing the question. In fact, every point in the controversy appears to assume various phases. under the treatment of partisan logic, and is fast becoming a factor in politi-cal strife. Already many view the matter as a party principle, rather than a question of fundamental truth. With such, reason is brushed aside, and truth is for-bidden a part; expediency outweighs every other consid- eration. Professing alliance with God, they do not ask whether his attitude toward such problems in general, favors their cause or not. A goal is to be reached; and if it is not attained in one way, another must be devised by which it can be. But , strange to say, all those who favor coercion in religious mat-ters by application of civil law, profess to be working in the interest of God's cause. But does God uphold such work in the interest of reli-gion? He has done infinitely much to bring men to walk in his ways, even to giving his only begotten Son in their behalf, but has he ever given his sanction to compulsory measures in holding men to the path of right? The only absolutely reliable history of the early church will give the facts in this line, ,and we may rest assured that as he viewed the case then, he will regard it nail, since "with him is no variableness, neither shadow of turning." We need not trouble to search the records of the Old Testament, where the special interpositions of God in behalf of his people are so plainly set forth; that may be considered as going too far back. But let us note one case in the Christian church where the civil law was being applied in behalf of religion, and see which side of the controversy God supported. About twelve years after the death of Christ, the king of Judea took a hand in the religious controversy of the day, and by virtue of his civil authority put to death James, a prominent disciple of Christ. Seeing that this act was approved by the Jews, whose political sup- port he greatly desired, he proceeded to please them further by having Peter, another prominent worker in the infant church, apprehended and put in prison, intending to de-liver him over to the will of his religious enemies, imme-diately after Easter. Acts 12 :1-1. The record of this case reveals that human nature has changed little, if any, in some respects, since that early day. It has ever been demonstrated that men canŁ be induced to go to great lengths, even to doing unrea-sonable things, thrJugh the enthusiasm which it is pos sible to excite in some large gathering. What they had not courage to do under ordinary circumstances, they will do under the stress of excitement, especially where-religious fervor is wrought up to a very high pitch. It was this way when Christ was to be sacrificed to the de-mands of the Jewish priesthood. The occasion of a pass-over gathering was waited for, when crowds of ignorant, yet enthusiastic pilgrims would be assembled from all parts of the country, and a general excitement could be aroused in favor of taking his life. It required no less an occasion to inspire the nerve to carry out a design so treacherous a n d diabolical as the sacrifice of the sin-less Christ. The priests wereŁ re-minded of this, too, by the Saviour at the moment of his arrest. Said he, " When I was daily with you in the temple, ye stretched forth no hands against me; but this is your hour, and the power of darkness." Luke 22:53. This was a point well understood by Herod, and one which he intended to make count in his arrangement for the immolation of Peter. The apostle was, therefore, held in prison, not to await a legal decision in his ease, for his fate had been decreed from the moment he was placed under arrest. But Peter was kept there simply in anticipation of the time when the king could not only be reasonably sure that the multitude would sustain his murderous intent, but that by destroying so prominent an enemy to the prevailing religion, in so public a man-ner, he also might gain a wider political influence among those whose religion he had so signally uphell The plot was, indeed, a deep-laid one, but was destined not to mature, because of an interference which had not entered Herod's calculations. Peter, lying in the inner prison, chained to a soldier on either side, and with a strong guard at the door of 