Equal and exact justice to all merl, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jeferson. - VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, AUGUST 14, 1890. NUMBER 32. The American Sentinel. PUBLIDNED WEEKLY, BY TUX PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE ED/TORS, C. P. BoLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. THt Czar seems to be determined that Russia shall be a " Christian " country, even if he has to drive every Jew out of the empire to accomplish that result. A ukase has just. been issued, which practi-cally condemns about a Million Jews to choose between exile and the endurance of intolerable . persecution, merely because they do not agree with this miserable des-pot in his religious views and practices. WE are told that being without a State church, we are a Godless Nation. But the religious life of a nation does not depend upon the alliance of the church with the secular power. Chris-tianity achieved its noblest work while untrammelled with the golden fetters of the State. If the religion of Jesus has not sufficient vitality to stand, independent of State patronage, then let it fall.ŠRev. Joseph Glasson. THE Leader (Baptist) of May 29, pub-lished an , account of a Baptist Bible-reading Conference at San Bernardino. As at Oakland, Dr. Read conducted the Bible - reading on " The Lord's Day." His arguments on this we have previously noticed. At the close, the observance of the, day, and the " civil sabbath," were touched upon. The report in the Leader said :Š How shall we observe the Lord's day ? What-ever brings you nearer to Christ is right ; whatever leads you farther away from him is wrong. If the Sunday newspaper puts you in a more de-votional frame of mind, then read it. Now, as to the civil sabbath, all that we can  consistently ask is protection in our own observ-ance. If a band of music persists in playing near us while at ' our worship and disturbs the quiet of the day to us, we can appeal for protec-tion to the civil authorities, but if they go off in some canon to themselves we cannot consistently call for any enactments to prohibit them. I am in favor of the Sunday closing of saloons, but only on the condition that they close all the time, for they are a nuisance anywhere, any time, and all the time. The enactment of laws based on simple Christian commands savors too much of the spirit that martyred the early Baptists in New England. It leads to union of Church and State. The only recourse 'for Christians is to suffer for Christ. Would that all Baptists and Christians held such sound principles.ŠSigns of the Times. An Alarming Situation. IN the Seinte of the United States, July 24, there was the most important debate that has been conducted in Congress, not only during this particular Congress, but for years. And yet we fear that very few people in the United' States will know of it or will see in it particular import. The debate arose on the Indian Appropria-tion Bill, which had passed the House, and was now to be considered in the Senate, and the particular point in debate was the consideration of the two following items. We quote from the record :Š The Presiding Officer. The reading of the bill will proceed. The reading of the bill was resumed. The next amendment of the Committee on Appropriations, was, on page 60, to strike out the clause from line 19 to line 21, inclusive, as follows:Š For support and education of sixty Indian pupils at St. Joseph's Normal School at Rensselaer, Indiana, $8,330. Mr. Dawes. I ask unanimous consent that that amendment and the next one may be considered together, for the same reasons. The Presiding Officer. The next amendment will be stated. The next amendment was to strike out the clause from line 25, on page 60, to line 2, on page 61, inclusive, as follows:Š For the education and support of one hundred Indian children at the Holy Family Indian School, Blackfeet Agency, Montana, $12,500. Mr. Dawes. Mr. President, the Committee rec-ommend the striking out of those two appro-priations, and I desire as briefly as possible, to  state the reasons which have actuated the Com-mittee in this recommendation. Ł They both stand on the same ground, if one should be stricken out both should, and if either remains both should remain. These are schools under the management of the Catholics. They are new appropriations by the Government for the maintenance of two new Cath-olic schools, and the one between them, the St. Boniface's Industrial School, is also one of the same kind. That the Committee did not strike out, for the special reasons which I will state in a moment. What influenced the Committee to strike out these schools was simply this consideration: They desired not to go any further than the present con-dition of affairs in appropriating the Government's money for the maintenance of schools of particular religious denominations. The present and existing state of things in that particular, if these Schools are not added, will be precisely what it was last year. Thus it seems that the Government of the United States has already been appro-priating public money for the support of schools of religious denominations, and that this question would not have been raised, had not the Catholics made a re-quest for support of these additional schools of their own. The way the mat-ter has stood, up to the present time, not including the appropriations contemplated in this bill, is thus set forth by Senator Dawes, the Chairman of the Committee:Š The appropriations in this regard have run from the year 1886, as follows: For Catholic schools in 1886, $118,343, as against $109,916 for all others; in 1887, $194,635 as against $168,579 for all others; in 1888, $221,169 for Catholic schools, and $155,095 for all others; in 1889, $347,672 for Catholic schools, as against $183,000 for all others; in 1889-90, as I have said, $356,967 for Catholic schools, as against, for all other denominations and all other schools, $204,993. That is the condition of things which the present administration found when it entered upon office. Hundreds -of thou-sands of dollars given outright to religious denominations for the purpose of teaching their denominational views, virtually a union of Church and State ! The present administration desired to put a stop to this, keeping the Church and the State separate, and letting the churches support their own schools, and teach their own doe- 