536 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. Hist.- Chris., vol. -I,- page 191.) Any one familiar with the many methods by which ecclesiastical jeal-ously and ecclesiastical ambition have ever opposed truth will know from this simple statement of the case, coupled with the inspired record, what Chris-tianity had to meet in its conflict with Judaism. The Longing for a Political Messiah. But it was not simply the ecclesiastical ambitions of the Jewish leaders that Christianity directly op-posed itself to; it was the patriotism of the Jewish people as well. The whole thought of the age with the Jewish people was Messianic. Every heart, ins so far as there was in it the manifestation of any spiritual life at all, was surcharged with Messianic longing. So wholly was this true that every Jewish wife felt herself accursed unless she could become the mother of a man child, for it was the tender wish of every mother that her boy might be the longed-for Messiah, the hope of his people, the desire of all nations. But all this longing was for a political Messiah, one who should deliver his people from the Roman yoke and establish the kingdom of, Israel again in more than its Davidic glory, making it the head over all the nations of earth. As the religion of the Jews, by losing'out of it the spiritual truths of its divine revelation, had become formal, instead of becoming dead and cold it had become political and intensely patriotic. Now, Jesus comes pro-claiming himself, the longed-for and promised Mes-siah. Yet he sets himself squarely against all these political ambitions and patriotic longings of his 'people, and so far from seeking to be crowned king he refuses the crown when they sought to force it upon him, saying, " My kingdom is not of this world." So far from promising them freedom from the Roman yoke he prophesies the destruction of Jerusa-lem by the Romans, and even the overthrow of the beloved Jewish temple, so that there shall not be left one stone, standing upon another of all the magnifi-cent building. Worse than all this, Jesus himself, at the instigation of the Jewish leaders, was crucified by the Ropans, crucified most ignominiously be-tween thieves, and yet his disciples persist in going forth and proclaiming to the Jews that this de-feated (?) and crucified peasant of Galilee is the Messiah their prophets foretold. Instead of promis-ing them the earthly power and glory they had ex-pected and longed for, the disciples of Jesus boldly tell them that they must take up their cross daily  and follow- Jesus, if- need-  be, to as -ignominious -a crucifixion. In their pride the Pharisees had been. wont to consider prosperity and ease and comfort in this world as prima facie evidence that a man pos-sessed the favor of God, and so was safe both for the here and the hereafter. But now this man who was despised and rejected of men, and apparently ac-cursed of God, is persistently proclaimed King of the Jews. Christianity Grandly Triumphant. It is ,not possible for any truth to be more en-tirely arid absolutely arrayed against the aims, am-bitions, hopes, longings and prejudices of any people and of any age than was Christianity against those of the-  Jews; and the very fact that all this was taught the people from the same writings that they had been familiar with for ages made the effrontery of it all the more unbearable; and yet, without any " protection " from any human power, without the aid of any state, by its own inherent strength, by the power of truth and by the power of the Spirit of truth, and of Him who is the truth, Christianity triumphed grandly over Judaism, notwithstanding its utmost efforts to prevent it, and became a world-wide religion while Judaism is sunk into obscurity. True Christianity has, the same power to-day that it had then. Jesus expressly said, " All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth; go ye there-fore and preach the gospel to every creature, and lo I am with you always, even unto the end of the world." True Christianity to-day does not need or ask the aid of humane laws. Judge Welch, chief justice of the Ohio Supreme Court, well said: " When Christi-anity asks the aid of earthly government beyond mere impartial protection it denies itself. Its laws are divine and not human. Its essential interests lie beyond the reach and range of earthly govern-ments. United with government religion ilever rises above the merest superstition; united with re-ligion governmerit never rises above the merest 'des-potism, and all history shows us that the more widely and completely they are separated the better it is for both." G. E. FIFIELD. IT is stated that Mrs E. B. Drew, wife of the BritiA commissioner of customs at Tien-Tsin, in-dignantly denies the stories of brutal massacre by Russian troops credited to her upon her recent ar-rival at San Francisco. 