368 AMERICAN SENTINEL,. NEW YORE, JUNE -8, I899, THE article which we print this week from the New York Sun on the "Rain-bow of Universal Peace," gives a clear statement of the reason why international peace cannot be secured by the same means used to preserve the peace between individuals in so-ciety. Read it. .st THE AMERICAN SENTINEL will give special attention to the work of col-lecting and presenting the news of what is being done in all quarters for Ł and against the preservation of the rights of conscience; and you want the SENTINEL for the sake of this news, even if you do not agree with the principles it maintains. Think of this, if you are disposed to drop the paper, and ask yourself if it is not true. THE last two issues of the SENTINEL have had much to say about the revival of Sunday enforcement, and quite as much is given in this issue on the same subject. All this ought to be interesting news to every lover of American liberty, at least. Such occurrences call upon all persons in the land to make their choice for or against the principles of religious freedom. It is the duty of every per-son to be prepared for the issue when he meets it, and this can best be done by making the decision now. THE Rev. Mino t J. Savage, well known as a clergyman and lecturer, has announced his conversion to Spiritualism, and says he believes the "spirits" can be photographed by the camera. This, with the re-cent conversion of Mrs. Mary Lease, the woman lecturer, indicate that Spiritualism is making progress to-day. But more effective than all the work it does openly in its own  name, is the work it is doing among the people under an assumed name; for it is no doubt true that some of the "sciences" which command such a wide following in the religious world to-day, embody the real es-sence of Spiritualism in their teach-ing. THE Methodist denomination has undertaken the work of "reclaiming" the Fourth of July, and to this end will have its congregations and Sun-day schools celebrate this year and henceforward a "Christian" Fourth of July, on which the special effort will be not to see how much whiskey can be drunk in order to properly celebrate the day, but how the cause of temperance can be promoted, to the end that if possible the nation may be saved from the drink curse. While the day itself cannot be made Christian by any act of man, it is certain that all Christians and every foe of strong drink can well occupy themselves on the Fourth in working for temperance reform, and we hope much good to the temperance cause may result from the undertaking. ONE of the foremost representa-tives of the people of Liberia, Dr. Blyden, is reported to be on his way to America to ask in behalf of the Liberians that the United States es-tablish a protectorate over that portion of the African continent. The way is rapidly opening up for this country to get into both Africa and China,Što get "her share" of the territory, and possibly more than her share of the trouble which, ere long, the partitioning of Asiatic territory is sure to bring. HOLLAND has not only a Peace Congress sitting within its borders, but an Anti-peace Congress, the latter being in session at Amsterdam. The object of the Anti-peace Congress is to protest against the czar's peace movement, which is denounced by the Amsterdam congress as being the most flagrant diplomatic hypocrisy  of the nineteenth century. The dele-gates to the Anti-peace Congress in-clude persons of note, among them being a German university professor, a Dutch author, and the brother of the late President Faure of France. No HUMANE official of the civil gov-ernment would be willing to enforce a law comman ling the execution of a person known to be innocent; and the fact that he would refuse to per-form such a deed, is evidence that every such official does weigh the law in his own mind, and approve it, before he enforces its penalty. He does not enforce it simply because "it is the law." If the principle of enforcing law because it is the law is to be followed in one case, it is to be followed in all cases, regardless of the character of the law; but no individual could do this without parting company with his humanity. The principle of such a thing is against humanity, and is therefore wrong. THE reaction from Roman Catholi-cism, as seen in the republics of South America and elsewhere, is always in the direction of religious freedom. And when the principles of such free-dom are forsaken, asŠsad to sayŠis being done in this country and else-where, the trend is always in the direction of re-establishing the pa-pacy. THERE is not an expansionist in the land who is willing to be gov-erned himself according to expan-sionist principles. Each one wants to be among the "some of the gov-erned," whose consent is to be reck-oned with in the government. When we find one who is willing to he among those whose consent is ig-nored in government, we shall listen to his argument with more patience than we have felt for those we have heard thus far. SPECIAL OFFER. See page 366. 