114 AMERICAN-  SENTINEL,. then existed between that church from all nations, states, and kingdoms, should so continue forever. That church, then, was never in his purpose to be_ come a state or kingdom like the nations of the earth. It was not to be "reckoned among the nations." The people were not to mingle with the people of the nations, to learn their ways or follow their customs. Nor was the churchŠthe whole body of the peopleŠto become a state or kingdom like the nations. The only organization of the people in the wilderness was church organization. They had nothing comparable in any way to a state or governmental organization. They had government; but it was church government. Jesus Christ was then the head of the church, as really as he has ever been. They had a Ruler; but he was a religious ruler, and religious only. Thus everything about them, all with which they had to do in the matter of govern-ment or organization, was altogether religious and churchly. Such being the only government or organization that they knew; and in that at the time being already separ-ated from all the nations; when the Lord said of them, "The people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations," it was the plain declaration of the Lord's purpose that thus they should forever remainŠknowing no kind of organization but church organiza-tion, knowing no kind of government but that of God, which is solely religious. Thus the Lord taught then and for all time that the members of his church, those who profess to be his peo-ple, shall never be reckoned among the nations, shall never have any active citizenship in, or connection with, the nations of the earth. And that word which was then spoken of. his church, is yet spoken of his church. There still stands that sen-tence in the revealed will of God to his church. That word speaks just as distinctly to the members of his church to-day as it did to his church that day. Whether his church at that ancient day heeded this word or not, does not affect the fact that such was God's plainly-de-clared purpose concerning them. And whether those who profess to be his church to-day regard that word .or not, does not affect the fact that there stands the word de-claring forever that the Lord's people, the church of God, "shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations." Christian citizenship on the earth is a contradiction of the plain word of God. It is in fact a contradiction in terms. Christian citizenship in heaven, even while sojourning on the earth, is the plain truth of the word of God. And it is a glorious fact in Christian experience. A. T. J. THE Christian Citizen says that "the teachings of his-tory but emphasize the oft-expressed conviction of lead-ing thinkers that the greatest crisis in our national his- tory impends." That is true. And it is equally true that nothing is helping more to hasten this impending crisis, than is this same "Christian citizenship" in its persistent mixing up of Christianity and politics, of church and state. The Practical Side of It. THE practical importance of the subject of Christian citizenship, as discussed in the columns of the SENTINEL, is evidenced by communications like the following which is printed in The Outlook, of February 12, under the heading, "Shall Missionaries be Protected by Govern-ment?" :Š "To the Editors of the Outlook: "The frequent occurrenceŁ of international trouble in Asia, growing out of attacks on missionaries or the de-struction of mission property, must present to the Chris-tian mind and conscience a painful anomaly. Missiona-ries in China, for instance, know that their presence is exciting violent animosity in a fanatical sect, but instead of retiring, they remain, and riot, in cendia rism , and blood-shed follow. A European government steps in and de-mands redress. A number of heads are cut offŠprobably not those of the actual culprits. "Again, some German Roman Catholic missionaries are killed, and their death is made the pretext for seizing and holding an important Chinese port. Or missionary school property is destroyed in Armenia, and threats are made to enforce redress and restitution at the cannon's mouth. "None of these methods are such as the Master would have approved of. That, I think, every Christian denom-ination or missionary will admit. A..nd these were not the methods in vogue centuries ago, when, it is allowed, the Roman Catholic missionaries in the Far East won more converts to Christianity than have since been en-rolled as members by all the Christian denominations taken together. The inconsistencies between the teach-ing of Christian missionaries and the practice of Christian governments must be fatal to the spread of Christianity. The missionaries go out ostensibly with their lives in their hands, and profess to be as willing to be martyrs as were the apostles of old. But when they suffer for their principles, the Christian government steps in and insists on the infliction of punishment on somebody. The mis-sionary preaches the doctrine of forgiveness; the mission-ary's government practices the doctrine of revenge. As long as the missionary is a citizen, his government can-not but resent and demand redress for injury to its citi-zen and breach of treaty rights. The missionary himself and the society he represents may be averse to such meas-ures of violence as the civil government, regardless of the sufferer's wishes, feels compelled to take in vindication of its national rights. Yet, in the eyes of the heathen or the Mohammedan, the missionary must be regarded as the instigator of the punishment. "The situation is painful from every point of view, especially to the Christian citizens of this country who disavow all connection between church and state. "One can see no other remedy than voluntary relin-quishment of citizenship by every missionary as soon as he enters on his mission work, and the disavowal by every 