688 AMERICAN SENTINEL. even cost him his life. He sacrificed Christ rather than himself. As a citizen he could find no fault with him. Like Daniel, no fault could, be found with him save con-cerning the law of his God. Godliness brought him to his death, and this shows that the animosity proceeded from the power behind the throne, from the ruler of the darkness of this world." "Well, Meek, it does seem indeed, that there are two warring principles in this world. What a pity it is that either one or the other of them could not have full sway and control the world, so that war and revolution might cease. "However the study promises to be interesting, and I feel like following up ;the conflict. Our day does not seem to be greatly afflicted with an energetic display of either of them." "We'll see, we'll see," said Aleck, as he bade his friend good night. F. E. B. Studies in French History.-45. "I THINK before we proceed," began Professor Car-man, "that we will hear a little more about Henry IV., if Milly has her paper prepared; because he was a very popular king, and has an interesting history." "Papa helped me find a few facts, professor," said Milly, or I could not have written a dozen lines, I guess; and then he remembered some things that he learned when he was a boyŠpapa say' that's the time to learn things, if you want to remember them." Then Milly unfolded her paper and began:Š "When King Henry IV. was first made king, he was very poor in purse, for he had had a real hard time of it.  He was so poor that he had to borrow some of the late king's clothes. But I think that he was just as good a man exactly for all of that. "When the people went to crown him, they could not find any crown to put on his head. The Catholics had destroyed the crown,Šand it used to be Charlemagne's too,Šthey had melted it to get the gold. So they fixed him up a new one, and he was crowned in it. "Papa told me this little story to illustrate the good nature of King Henry, and to show that he was as full of fun as common people. "The Duke of Mayenne had given him at one time no end of trouble, but when the time came that he could re-venge himself upon him, he only sent for him to come and visit him. This duke was so fat he could hardly walk about. So one day the king invited him to take a walk around in the garden with him; now as the king was quite slim, it was no trouble for him to walk, but it was very hard for the fat duke, whom the mischievous king kept walking just as fast as he could possibly walk, until the fellow was so used up he could go no farther. Then the king laughed at him and told him that was all he intended to punish him for all his misdeeds. The poor  duke was so fat he couldn't hardly get down on his knee to thank the king. "In 1598 Henry sent out a paper which history calls the Edict of Nantes; and in this paper he-  said-that both the religions should be protected. Papa says he thinks this was a good thing, and so do I. The Catholics were very, very angry about it, but the king was bound to have his own way. "There had bean so much war and trouble that the poor people were in an awful state, they did not have any money at all, hardly. The people had been cheated out of a lot of cash, supposing they were paying their taxes, when they were really being robbed by the great rich lords. While the Protestants and the Catholics were having their battles, the country had been going to rack. There were a great many bridges spoiled, the roads needed attention, and the farming country was in a bad state. So Henry had to begin all over again, and build bridges and get the people to drain their lands, and go to sowing and raising food from their farms. "Finally a bad man stabbed and killed the king, May 14, 1610." "Thank you, Milly," said her teacher, kindly, "you have brought to light many facts. Yes, the poor king was cruelly assassinated at last, after the cruel deed had been attempted no less than nineteen different times. "He had placed a faithful man at the head of affairs, whose name was Sully, who says that the people wept and mourned bitterly over the king's death. The theory was that his murderer was half crazy. Though he was tortured in every conceivable manner, he would not own that anybody had hired or asked him to do the dreadful deed." "I don't; believe you have mentioned any real bad faults that King Henry IV. had," said Harry Ray. "Guess he didn't have any, did he?" "I dislike to mention the faults of so kind a ruler as Henry IV., though he had themŠone of which was his fondness for the society of profligate women. You know the Bible says that a little folly in a man who has a rep-utation that is good is like dead flies in the apothecary's ointment. "There is one more virtue I must mention in this con-nection which Henry had, and that is, he was very fond of his children, and wasŁkind and good to them always. Perhaps he spoiled them by over-indulgence, for when his young son Louis XIII. took the throne, it was plain to be seen that he had never been made to obey, which is the first lesson a ruler should learn. He was only nine years old when his father died, but the good man Sully would have done well by the people and managed wisely until Louis was old enough, if he had been allowed to." "What did they do?" asked Max Smith, "that child wasn't able to govern a kingdom." "0 no; but he would have done nearly as well as the poor fellow whom the foolish queen mother did choose to keep things in order. His name was Concini. The nobles and lords did not like him very well, for he was an 