118 AMERICAN SENTINEL. for help, where they were reduced to slavery. Beginning to multiply and spread out over the country, the king became alarmed, and took counsel to repress them, lest they become so numerous and strong as to effect their liberty. Rigorous legal measures were therefore adopted by which their burdens would be increased. But this did not hinder their growth in numbers, so public orders were given to the midwives to destroy every male child born, in order to destroy the seed of that nation. The girls were permitted to live, because they might be readily assimilated with the Egyptians by marriage, and so add to the strength of that people, while the Hebrew nation would be constantly diminishing." Ex. 1:7-22. Thus the power of a nation's decrees were brought to bear against the promise of God, that his people should return to occupy the territory assigned them. Had the strong measures prevailed which were proposed by the Egyptian government, the promise to Abraham would have been a failure, and God's word would have been broken. But this was not to be. By God's infinite power these people were redeemed from their bondage and phinted again in their own land, making it appropriate for God to keep before them the saying, "I am the Lord thy God which brought thee out of the land of Egypt; out of the house of bondage." Ex. 20:2. This was the first time that the power of a whole nation was brought to bear against God's people. and -for obvious reasons. Until it was made known that the territory usurped by Satan was to be conferred on the seed of Abraham, he stirred up no national effort against God's people, preferring to move against them singly. But when the oath of God was pledged to secure to some -particular seed that to which Satan laid claim, he adopted tactics by which, if possible, to entirely blot out the de-scendants of Abraham, and so destroy the prospect of the "promised seed." Or, failing in this, the same pur-pose would be served by causing the literal seed of Abra-ham to be absorbed into other nations, in order to de-stroy the identity of the "seed" who was to inherit the -promised possession. But these devices of Satan were destined to fail; for the very introduction of the New Testament traces the lineage of Christ, the "promised seed," from Abraham to David, through fourteen generations, then from David to the Babylonian captivity, fourteen generations, and from that point to Christ, fourteen generations more, thus establishing him as the true seed of Abraham. Matt. 1:1-17. Satan, however, could not fOresee his own failure. Were not the nations of earth his servants? Could he not inspire them to work against the promise of God -under one pretext or another? The work of the Egyptian nation to destroy the Hebrews was, therefore, his first -organized effort in that direction. If not successful in that attempt, he might still follow after to divide and -distract them, even to the opposition of their own na-tional strength against the consummation of the oath of `God, so that they would, in a frenzied way, call for the  crucifixion of the "seed," in order to rid the earth of his presence. But of the steps in national persecution upon the seed of Abraham, which led up to the rejection of the One upon whom the promise was to be fulfilled, must be reserved for future consideration. J. 0. C. Is It a Coincidence ? BY C. H. KESLAKE. IT is a significant fact that those who are laboring so zealously to have Sunday enforced by law in this coun-try speak of it as being "a seal," "a sign," "a mark," etc. Thus : Mrs. J. C. Bateham, a prominent member of the W. C. T. U., in her Sabbath leaflet, No. 33, speaking of Sunday, says, "The Sabbath is the corner stone of Christ's kingdom. Let us recognize each recurring Sab-bath as the sign of God's covenant By this sign the world largely judges the depth of ourChristiancharacter, and by this sign God judges us." Also at a large National Reform Assembly at Sara-toga Springs, Rev. Joseph Smith, Moderator of the Pres-byterian General Assembly (1894), presented the follow-ing resolution:Š "Resolved, That the fundamental principles of the National Reform Association . . . are true and scrip-tural principles, and that these principles must control our national life, or we shall perish. "Resolved, That the Sabbath [Sunday] is a sign be-tween God and man, and its reverent observance a mark of the nation whose God is Jehovah." Again : Rev. Dr. Burrell, at the convention of the Christian Endeavor Society at Paterson, N. J., in Octo-ber, 1897, said: "God made a covenant with his people, and the Sabbath [Sunday] was the seal." The careful student of the Bible will recall that in the Book of Revelation are found similar expressions (see Rev: 13:11-18), suggesting to his mind the possibility of the power brought to view therein and spoken of as caus-ing all to receive a "mark" in their foreheads, etc., being none other than the United States. Without deciding at first that this is so, he will feel that, if nothing more, it is a striking coincidence. But as he continues to ponder the symbols he will inevitably be led to conclude that it is after all not a mere coinci-dence, but a veritable fact that the one is the fulfillment of the other; that the prophet, under the symbol of the "beast" with "two horns like a lamb," is giving in out-line a history of the United States. Every student of the Bible, especially of the prophe-cies, knows that beasts, in symbols, represent earthly governments. Thus, the four beasts in Daniel 7 are dis-tinctly said to symbolize four kingdoms. See verses 15, 24. Hence the two-horned beast in Rev. 13 is a symbol of some earthly government. 