90 TIDE AMERICAN SENTINEL. should exist among men. But the very state-ment triat God "is the source of all power and authority in civil government," even though given the broadest construction that National Reformers can put upon it, shows that the authority of the officers of the State is limited to civil affairs. The word "civil" is from the Latin civis, a citizen, and has ref-erence solely to the relations to one another, of citizens of a State. Civil government is sim-ply the guiding and regulating of the relations of men to one another, and has no reference to their special duties to God. It is charged with the duty of seeing that, so far as outward acts are concerned, men obey the injunction, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." Beyond this it has no right nor power. 2. With the second statement, namely, that "the Lord Jesus Christ is the rifler of nations," we take direct issue. We have no hesitation whatever in pronouncing this to be false, be-cause it is contrary to the Scriptures. Out of the abundance of scriptural proof on this point, we shall at-present refer to only the following :Š (a) Christ is now acting as priest and not as king. Heb. 8 : 1. He is sitting at the right hand of God, but it is as "a priest upon his throne." Zech. 6: 13. His work now is that of an intercessor (Heb. 7 : 25 ; 9: 24), and he has no other office. (b) Christ himself likened his going to Heaven and returning again, to a nobleman that "went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom and to return," and who after a time "returned having received the kingdom." Luke 19 : 11-15. (c) God the Father is represented by the prophet David as saying to Christ, "Sit thou at my right hand until I make thine enemies thy footstool." Ps. 110: 1. And Peter (Acts 2: 34-36) makes application of this to the present time, when Christ is sitting at the right hand of God. If he were now the ruler of nations, he would not expect anybody else to make his foes his footstool. They would either be his footstool already, or else he would reduce them by his own power. It is true that Jesus said, just before he as-cended to Heaven, "All power is given unto me in Heaven and in earth " (Matt. 28 : 18) ; but the next statement, which follows this as a conclusion, shows that it was not civil 'power that was given to him. Let us read the entire passage : " All power is given unto me in Heaven and in earth. Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatoever I have commanded you; and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." Matt. 28 :18-20. Note the following points : 1. These words were spoken, not to civil rulers, but to private individuals whose sole office was that of "am-bassadors for Christ," to beg (not force) men to be reconciled to God. 2 Cor. 5 : 20. 2. The statement made by Christ, namely, that all power was given unto him in Heaven and -in earth, was for the sole purpose of encouraging the apostles in their work of teaching the peo- ple the truths which Christ had taught them..  Said he, "All power is given unto me,"Š"Go ye therefore, and teach." The power to which he referred was his power as "Mediator be-tween-God and men." It is not all civil power, but all spiritual power. Note also the following point: If our Na-tional Reform friends persist in the claim that all civil power was given to him, then they must admit that his ministers have also civil power, and that by virtue of their civil power they are to teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. This is self-evident, for it is by virtue of the power that was given to Christ, that the apostles were commissioned to preach the gospel. We know that this claim has actually been made by pmminent National Reform advocates. But such a claim is nothing less than a claim for the union of Church and State; indeed, it is a direct claim that the church and the State are one. (d) Christ does not receive his kingdom until just before he returns to this earth, and he receives it not from men but from the Fa-ther. See Dan. 7: 13, 14; 12 : 1. The first of these passages, with the context, unmis-takably refers to the last great Judgment, and it is at the close of this that Christ appears before the Father to receive. "dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages, should serve him." The latter text speaks of the standing up of Michael, who is Christ. Now the standing up of a king is an expression used in Scripture to in-dicate the taking of the reins of government. See Dan. 11 :2. But the prophet says that when Michael shall stand up, that is, take his kingdom, there shall be a time of trouble such as never was since there was a nation, even to that same time, and at that time every one of God's people shall be delivered. This time is yet in the future. (e). The Father himself says to the Son, "Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession." Ps. 2: 8. And the next verse states that when he thus becomes the ruler of nations he shall "break them with a rod of iron," and "dash them' in pieces like a potter's vessel." This dash-ing and breaking of the nations will consti-tute the time of trouble such as never was. (f) In harmony with the texts quoted above, we read that under the sounding of the seventh trumpet, during which time the nations become angry, the dead are judged, the reward is given to the saints, and the wrath of God is manifested in the destruction of them which corrupt the Łearth, great voices are heard in Heaven saying, "The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ; and he shall reign forever and ever." Rev. 11 : 15-18. In Rev. 19 : 11-21 we have a prophetic description of the smiting of the nations and the ruling of them with a rod of iron, with the statement that then Christ bears the title, " King of kings, and. Lord of lords." And Christ himself (Matt. 25 : 31-46) states that when the final separation between the righteous and the  wicked shall take place, when the wicked shall be sent into everlasting punishment and the righteous shall be called to eternal life, it is when he shall come in his glory and all the holy angels with him, dud that them-  "he- will sit upon the throne of his glory." All these texts, which constittitobut a small part of the argument, show most conclusively that Christ is not now ruler of nations; that he will not be the ruler of nations until he receives the kingdom from his Father just be-fore his second coming, in power and great glory; that when he receives it he.  will smite the earth with the rod of his mouth and slay the wicked with the breath of his lips, and will call the righteous to inherit his kingdom with him. Therefore, for any individual to say 'that Christ is now ruler of nations, is to deny the plainest declarations of Scripture; _ and to make the claim, as many National Re-formers have done and still do, that man-can have any part in giving the kingdom to Christ, is nothing less than blasphemous pre-sumption. Next month we shall continue this exami-nation of the National Reform Constitution. E. J. W. -1 0 -. The Christian Statesman Speaks. THE Christian Statesman has found a voice at last, and to some purpose too, as will be seen. It says that the SENTINEL is published by the Seventh-day Adventists, and thatŠ " This people hold not only to the seventh day of the week as the true and only Sab-bath, but to certain peculiar interpretations of the prophecies contained in the book of the Revelation. They believe themselves to be the witnesses who are to be slain in the period indicated by the sounding of the sixth trumpet, and the ground of this persecution is the observance of the seventh day." - Oh-h-h-h-ho-oh ! where did the Statesman learn that? It must have drawn very heavily upon its inner consciousness to have evolved such excellency of wisdom as that. We know something about the doctrine of the Seventh-day Adventists, we have heard some of their preaching, and have read some of their books. When we read this in the States-man, we went and got the very last book in which that people have printed anything on that subject, and that is in 1887, and we find that their view is, that the sixth trumpet ended in 1840, and that the prophecy concern-ing the two witnesses applies to the Dark Ages and the Papal persecutions. In view of this, the Statesman's exposition of the belief of that people is grand! Howbeit, it does not speak very well for the Statesman's knowledge upon the subject, and yet We think that the Statesman knows about as much on this sub-ject as it does upon the principles of govern-ment and of law. We hope that the editor of the Statesman will read the SENTINEL some more, and try again. Again the Statesman says:Š " Their apprehensions take on wild and ex-cited forms, and many things seem to them significant which have no significance at all. For example, they believe that National Re-formers are bidding for the support of the Roman Catholic Church." 