364 AA/MEUCCI:AN SION'rEINMIL, VoL. 11, No. 46. should be respected. And indeed it is a se-rious question whether, under prevailing con-ditions, the Christian can do any good by exercising this right; and certainly political contests do not foster spirituality. But it seems frivolous for any man otherwise anx-ious to vote and to hold office, to object to so doing simply because the Constitution re-spects the rights of conscience in all men, leaving all absolutely free in matters of reli-gious faith and practice. Again Mr. Foster, and presumably all Re-formed Presbyterians, object to the Constitu-tion because it permits an affirmation instead of an oath. But as civil government can of right assume no jurisdiction over the con-science or over the religious beliefs of its subjects, it would be manifestly improper for it to require a religious oath. All that any government has a right to require is that men shall testify under the pains and penal-ties of perjury, for false testimony. We are not, however, of the number who would abol-ish all-appeal to God in judicial oaths. That form of oath which tends most to bind the conscience of the one to whom it is adminis-tered would seem to commend itself to rea-sonable and impartial men as the one which should be used, leaving, however, great lati-tude in the matter to the individual con-science. Sometimes the civil law requires that cer-tain matters shall be settled by lot. The writer once heard one of Mr. Foster's breth-ren in the ministry object to settling a cer-tain civil matter by lot, on the ground that casting lots was a religious function, coming to us from Scripture. To the writer, the objection appeared frivolous; nevertheless in such matters the individual conscience should be respected. But is it not manifest that whereas some men object to being compelled by the civil law to decie certain matters by lot, there is even greater danger of doing vio-lence to conscience by requiring men, indis-criminately, to take an oath? Some Chris-tians do not think it right to take an oath, believing it to be a violation of the injunc-tion, "Swear not at all." Such are willing, however, to affirm and to testify under the pains and penalties of perjury, for false tes-timony. This the law now almost, if not quite universally, permits. Mr. Foster would, however, require all men to swear by the name of God, thus violating the consciences of not a few of those who, equally with him-self, believe in and reverence the name of God; besides trenching upon the equally sa-cred rights of unbelievers, who, while honest men and good citizens, deny all divine rev-elation. Wants a Religious Test. Continuing his discourse, Mr. Foster said:Š Again, "No religious test shall ever be required as a condition for office or trust in these United States." That means that every man, even an avowed in-fidel or atheist, is eligible to the highest office in the land. Justice Story, in his commentaries on the Constitu-tion; describes that instrument as a compact by which the "Mahometan, the Jew, the infidel'and the Chris-tian sit down in common at the tables of our national councils." The scriptural rule is distinct, "Thou shalt choose out from among you able men, men of truth, fearing God and hating covetousness, and place such to be rulers over you." Our Constitution voids this divine law. Again, "Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of religion nor prohibiting the free 0 er-cise thereof." This was intended to avoid the estab-lishments of Europe, but it has carried us to the op-posite extreme of irreligion in political life. In avoid-ing Scylla we fell on Charybdis. It places all religions ŠGreek, Roman, Pagan, Mahometan, Morman and ChristianŠon an equality. This shows clearly the hostility of the Re-formed Presbyterians to the fundamental principle in our Government, namely, that of the equality of all men before the law, re-gardless of religious persuasion or profession. Mr. Foster would apply in civil government the rule given to ancient Israel for the selec-tion of men to exercise authority among them. His language shows plainly that it is the purpose of that church and of those who are cooperating with it in the National Reform scheme, to establish a religious test for office in this nation, and so to subvert the Consti-tution as it is upon that point. It is a marvelous thing that any Christian would wish to do this, for the simple reason, if for no other, that to do so would be to put a premium on hypocrisy. Does not every man know that there are now thousands of men who make a profession of religion for the sake-of social and business standing? and do they not know that if a religious test were required for civil office that other thousands, now making no profession, would seek mem-bership in the church for the sake of political preferment? And do they not know also that this would bring into the Church a flood of corruption which would overwhelm it in spiritual declension, and render it bankrupt in spiritual power? The AMERICAN SENTINEL is Christian, and for this reason opposes this antichristian scheme which proposes to restore to the Church that which God has removed from it, namely, political power. The Church should trust in the power of God, not in the power of the State. All authority, power, and do-minion will one day be given to God's people, bat it will not be done until "He come whose right it is." But the ushering in of his kingdom- cannot be accomplished by the efforts which are made by ambitious men to seize and control civil power in the supposed interests of the Christian religion. Ł 6 Ł PETITION TO CLOSE POST-OFFICES. ONE of the reforms sought to be inaugurated by the "Reform Bureau" at Washington, D. C., of which Wilbur F. Crafts, well-known as a leader in the movement for religious leg- islation, is the head, is that of closing post-offices throughout the country on Sunday. The folloving petition to this end is being showered in vast quantities upon the postmas-ter-general by Christian Endeavor Societies and similar organizations in many States:Š To the Honorable, the Postmaster General:Š The undersigned, adult receivers of mail in the city of., earnestly petition you to order the Sunday closing of the post offices, and the discontin-uance of Sunday work therein, in consideration of the rights of conscience, and the right to rest of the postal employees and the public. It seems that the principle of local option is applicable to the matter of Sunday closing of post-offices, and under this arrangement Sunday closing has already been effected in a large numbers of places. The "rights of conscience" to which the petition refers are doubtless those of the post-office employees. But considering the func-tion of conscience in its relation to the pur-pose of God in the gospel, it would certainly seem that if the employees conscientiously object to Sunday work, they ought to cease such work in obedience to what they believe to be the divine will, without waiting for the order or permission of the civil authority. To be sure, this might cost them some-thing; but if it Is a matter of conscience and of serving God, it would possess no virtue  unless done in simple obedience to God's will, regardless of whatever cost might be involved. He who will not serve God in a certain course of action when it costs something, cannot in that thing renderacceptible service when all difficulty attending it has been removed. God has certainly not made it the function of the civil power to make broad and smooth the pathway of his service. The petition intimates, also, that not only the right of the employes to rest, but also that of the public, is involved under the ex-isting arrangement. It would seem to have been the idea of the framer that the public will feel much.relieved when, Sunday closing having been accomplished, they learn that they are no longer obliged to go to the post- office after their Sunday mails. s. NEW ENGLAND " LORD'S DAY CONGRESS." BY A. F. BALLENGER. THE writer attended a meeting of the New England Sabbath Protective League, held at Salem, Mass., the historic witch-hanging city. Many relics of interest are preserved, among them the original documents, sen-tencing the " witches" to death. The meeting of the League was called un-der the imposing name of " Lord's Day Con-gress," but its projectors were much dis-appointed by the meager attendance. The meeting was in charge of Rev. DeWitt S. Clark, D. D., Secretary of the League, a very genial, companionable gentleman. Through his kindness the writer was able to place literature treating the topics under discussion on the stand in the vestibule of the church when the congress was held. One paper read by Mrs. L. B. Earle, of the W. C. T. U., on the subject of " Women and the Lord's Day," was excellent, in that it argued that the place to begin Sabbath reform was in the home. She said it was in the power of mothers to make the Sabbath a joy in the estimation of the children instead of a day to be dreaded by them. Following the discussion of the paper the audience was invited to send written questions to Dr. Clark, the secretary. The writer sent up the following gnu- tions Ł 1. If Christianity is made dependent on the Sabbath and the Sabbath on civil law, is not Christianity thereby made dependent on civil law ? 2. Is Christianity dependent on civil law ? Did it not triumph over the iron monarchy of Rome, whose laws were against it ? 3. Is it not " the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus" that is needed rather than the law of the commonwealth ? In replying the secretary denied that the Sabbath was dependent on civil law, notwith-standing the fact that this position was re-peatedly taken by speakers in the "Congress," and notwithstanding the organization under whose auspices the " Congress" was called asserts that it is its " object" to " maintain the observance of the Lord's day " by the following " methods": "Its methods include organization and agitation, instruction by press, pulpit, and platform, education of the young and morally ignorant, the protection and enforcement of Sunday laws and the se-curing better legislation in the interests of the workingmen and good citizenship." The secretary announced that three bills would be introduced into the Massachuetts 