434 AMERICAN SENTINEL. is an utterly useless indulgence, to say nothing of its harmful character, as established by medical testimony and the facts of observation; or of its filthiness, utterly inconsistent with sanctification of the flesh and spirit. And being utterly useless, the love of it, which all users of the weed acquire, is certainly altogether inconsistent with that love to God which demands that we devote all our energies and means to the service of God and our fel-lowmen. Every useless indulgence proclaims that the individual does not love God supremely, as the law re-quires. Just what the law does require, in any case, must be brought to the consciousness of the individual by the Word of God, and the convicting power of the Spirit. It is useless for any assembly of men to try to define sin. The law of God has settled every such question for all time. The principle of such a proceeding leads directly away from the law, and from its Author. The Christian Endeavor Convention. Tins conventionŠthe seventeenth annual convention of the united societies of Christian EndeavorŠwas held in Nashville, Tenn., July 6-11. In one respect the convention was a disappointment to the friends of the Endeavor movement,Šthe attend-ance fell far below the number that had been anticipated. Those in attendance were only about one third of the number that had been counted on by those in charge of the gathering. But the usual zeal and enthusiasm which has marked the Endeavor work hitherto, was manifested on this occasion, and the president and other leaders betrayed no doubts, if they felt any, that the convention was in every way a grand success. Two large buildings on the grounds of the recent centennial exposition held in Nashville were utilized for the large general meetings of the convention, and at other times meetings were held in the various churches, which were plentifully scattered throughout the city. It is proclaimed as a cardinal feature of Christian Endeavor that the movement aims to teach loyalty to the church, and to closely identify itself with the regular church work in the respective denominations which it repre_ sents. It would not take an observer long to discover what was the spirit of the convention. Fraternity, was the uppermost thought in nearly every speech, and the verse of the familiar hymn beginning " Blest be the tie that binds" seemed liable to be called into use at almost any moment. There was fraternity between North and South, there was fraternity between white man and negro, and fraternity between American and Canadian, the latter being represented by a delegation from To-ronto. In fact there was a very fraternal feeling for the people of all nations and countries, with one exception. That exception was a marked one; namely, the poor Spaniards who were in resistance to the arms of the-United States. Whatever brotherly feeling for them might and doubtless would have been manifested under other circumstances, was on this occasion swallowed up in the tremendous enthusiasm felt and shown for the-success of the national arms. This indeed was the dead fly in the ointment of Chris-tian love which seemed to be so prominent a feature of gathering. In all justice to the rank and file of the Endeavor army, it must be said that one cannot long associate with them without receiving the impression that they are as sincere as they are earnest. They simply do not see that the spirit of Christianity and the spirit of na-tionalism do not harmonize with each other. The idea of working for Jesus in fulfillment of the great commis-sion by him to his disciples, was made to blend com-pletely with that of working to further the interests of the United States Government; and if there was in the minds of the speakers any conception of a difference be-tween Christian warfare and the warfare of American sol-diers before Santiago, there was nothing said or done to indicate the fact. The report of the secretary, Mr. Baer, showed that there are Christian Endeavor societies in nearly every land, not excepting Spain. Indeed, it was mentioned in the report that Spain stood at the head of all countries in point of the proportionate increase of Junior societies; so that it is plairly to be inferred that the Endeavor movement has made considerable progress in that land. It was mentioned also that there are Endeavor societies among the troops now at the front fighting the battles of the nation in Cuba; and this statement led us to query whether there might not also be some societies among the troops on the Spanish side, and if so, what would become of the "tie that binds" when two societies should meet and stand opposed to each other in arms. It is strange that with such considerations plainly before them, Christian people should fail to see that "patriot-ism," which calls to the defense of the national flag, in Spain as well as in every other land, cannot harmonize with a work which embodies the divine principle of love to all men, without distinction of class or nation. We cannot say that we love those whom we are trying to kill. An incident related by one speaker at the "Sabbath Observance" meeting, held in the First Presbyterian Church of Nashville, on Sunday, the 10th, illustrates how the spirit of "patriotism" tends to substitute itself even for religion in the unguarded mind. A teacher of a youthful Sunday-school class was questioning his pupils on the subject of the ten commandments. Coming to the fourth, he asked who could repeat it, and no one responding, he thought it might be well to prompt them a little, and so he began with "Remember," when with a look of sudden confidence one boy with upraised hand signified his readi-ness to answer. "You may tell us," said the teacher. "Remember the Maine!" was the prompt reply. 