AUGUST 1T, 1803. AVIIHALICAN  259 directed were bound to take notice of it. On the contrary, they ignored it entirely. There was no evidence shown that they had even so much as remembered its exis-tence. It appeared, however, as the case developed, that they had remembered its existence, but had carelessly and unwar-rantably acted upon the supposition that it was of no authority and that the court would permit its action to be ignored and overridden with impunity. This was a most remarkable thing for men of high business intelligence and ex-tensive experience to do. It was entirely unwarrantable and met with a severe re-buke at the hands of Judge Stein. In one sentence the judge solved the en-tire problem about which so much mys-tery has been thrown in the different trials of the World's Fair cases, as to who are the responsible and authoritative par-ties in the management of the World's Fair, namely, the directors. The penalty which he imposed upon five of them of $1,000 each and another of $100 and the Director General of $250, are in direct evidence that the World's Fair Directors are not the agents of the Government of the United States in the matter of the World's Fair, and that the Exposition is not a great eleemosynary institution under the guidance and direction of the United States Government, but a practical busi-ness enterprise under the direction and business management of a corporation es-tablished under the laws of the State of Illinois, and which is responsible for its acts to the State of Illinois and cannot with impunity override the decrees of a State Court. This fact has been impressed by the act of the court upon these directors and upon the public most effectually. In senten-cing the directors for their contempt of court, the judge very properly remarked that even in ordinary cases, when the facts constituting the breach of an injunc-tion were known to none but the imme-diate parties in interest, yet even then, when the breach is brought to the knowl-edge of the court, the law is swift to puni.,11 the offender, but in this case the violation of the injunction was as public and as notorious as it possibly could be; more than that, it was by men of the highest standing and intelligence in the community, who of all others should have scrupulously obeyed the law and thereby set an example to the rest. These facts which are undeniably true, make it not only proper but necessary in a case brought so prominently before the community and the world at large in a matter of so much moment and impor-tance that no mere nominal penalty should be affixed. Bonds were given for the payment of the fines and notice of an appeal filed. It is not supposed that the appeal can be tried before next November. In the meantime, as far as the present status of things is concerned, it appears that in obedience to the injunction, Jack-son Park will have to be open to the public on all days of the week. After all the vicissitudes through which this contest has gone, this is a, remarkable and no doubt very unlooked for conclu-sion, yet so many and unexpected have been the kaleidoscopic changes of ,the Sunday question as regards the World's Fair that it is not possible to predict from week to week what the outcome may be. It will be interesting to see what views of this enforcement of law will be ex-pressed by those who were so ready to  demand that the Sunday opening faction should yield without objection to the de-cision of the United States Circuit Court by which the gates of the Fair were closed. At that time they were quick to demand an immediate submission and to accuse of anarchy even those who sought in the regular course of legal procedure to obtain a revision of the ruling of that court. But when that decision was overruled and the gates opened by the decree of a higher court, they forgot their previous advice to others and bitterly and intensely an-tagonized the decision of the higher court. In the case of the directory which had thus carelessly put into practice the theory which they had been taught by the Sun-day closers, of the valuelessness and lack of authority of the decisions of courts, except as they were in accordance with their wishes and conditions, the judge had here a practical opportunity, and, in the circumstances, was under the necessity of giving an unmistakable lesson of the authority of a decree of the court and the wisdom of obedience. In this whole matter the Sunday closers have convicted themselves of that of which they accused others, and those who unwittingly followed their advice and acted according to their wish have received the necessary penalty. These members of the World's Fair Direc-tory are most unexpectedly and unin-tentionally the scapegoats of the entire National-Reform-Sabbath-Union-Sunday-closing clique. The views of the decision of the court in this matter expressed by the city press, are various and suggestive. The Evening Post upholds Judge Stein and says that it is not clear how he could have done other-wise than he did ; the Herald characterizes it as " a joke, but a serious joke. The act of contempt was not malicious, and apparently not with deliberate intent. It was a good-natured, total disregard and neglect of the court's order, under the supposition, if they supposed anything, that it never had any force or had lost its force while they were looking some other way." Granting this to be true, would it not, in persons of such prominence in business and financial circles, so well ac-quainted with all the requirements of their position and of such standing, not only personally but in public capacity, before the community and the world, be as marked a case of contempt as could well be imagined ? Certainly, it would, and this apology thus intended to be made for the directors would really militate against them rather than in their favor. The Inter Ocean makes a similar excuse for the directory and says, "it will be the general opinion that Judge Stein might have vindicated his honor by in-flicting very nominal fines upon those di-rectors and authorities of the World's Fair who had ordered the gates to be closed in neglect of his ruling in the Clingman case. The fine of $1,000 seems to savor of the arbitrary." The Inter Ocean neglects to remark that it is not the honor of Judge Stein, personally, that is at stake, but that there was a decree of the court which could not be permitted to be recklessly overridden, and that it was not the per-sonal honor of the judge which was at stake, but the question as to whether the citizens of the State should give due con-sideration to the decree of the State Court. The Chicago Times entitles its editorial upon the subject " Vindicating the Law," and says : " The court under the circum-stances could de no less than was done.  It might have done more." And goes on to say that law is nothing unless it is operative against these directors "as well as to the humblest creature that abides within its influence. It is nothing if it does not reach the millionaire as readily as it reaches the man of no means at all. It is nothing if, ignoring classes created by arrogance or prejudice, it does not compel obedience from the highest as from the humblest of citizens. That it is a potency against men of intelligence and of wealth who offend, has been demon-strated by the action of the Superior Court." The whole effect of this peculiar contest and its surprising outcome should be to teach those who would enforce religion by law, the fallacy of their position, and show them that it is just as possible, in so far as the technical use of legal methods is concerned, to enforce upon them that which they consider irreligion as for them to enforce upon others what they call religion; and consequently every religious question is entirely without the sphere of civil jurisdiction. W. H. M. Chicago, August h. Sunday Street Cars in Toronto. TORONTO has no Sunday street car serv-ice, and a good many people who do not want to remain at home all day, but who have no other means of conveyance, not owning carriages, and not being able to hire them, are demanding that the various transportations companies be permitted to accommodate the people on Sunday as on other days. We condense from the Toronto World of July 28, some account of a meeting held the previous day in the interests of this movement. Among those present at the meeting were a number of ladies, including Miss Joussaye, President of the Working Wo- men's Protective Association; Miss Hep-burn, Vice-President of the Trades and Labor Council. Dr. Larratt Smith pre-sided. He thanked the meeting for mak-ing him chairman. He had lived in To-ronto many yearsŠfrom the time when it contained only four churches and was a strip along the water front, until now it had a frontage of ten miles and three miles deep. The time had certainly come when our citizens should be able to get around on Sundays as well as week days. [Cheers.] He had his own horses and carriage, and his man-servants and maid-servants, and could get to church by employing these; but he would prefer to allow them to rest and to go by the cars. But while he had these advantages there were many others who had notŠ[hear, hear]Šand was he going to deny to others what was the poor man's horse and car-riageŠthe electric car ? No ! [Hear, hear.] " What I haveŠthe means of getting aboutŠothers want, and I shall let them have it." [Hear, hear.] SYMPATHIZERS WITH THE MOVEMENT. The president read a number of letters from sympathizers with the movement unable to be present. C. J. Campbell, Assistant Receiver-Gen-eral, wrote :Š I am leaving town to-day at 4 o'clock, otherwise I would certainly have been present in support of a movement that has my warmest sympathy. I am ready to assist in any way I can to secure the running of street cars on Sunday. Mr. Joseph Jackes, of Jackes & Jackes, barristers, writes :Š I am quite in accord with the Sunday car move- 