344 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL Vol. 4, No. 43. An2eFtea3 aei2tir2e1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, NOvEsinka 20, 1889. Nom ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same, THE Pacific Coast Eight-Hour Herald, Vol. 1, No. 1, is upon our table. It is the organ of the Pacific Coast Eight-hour League. It is a bright paper, ably edited, and will, no doubt, exert a powerful influence in favor of shorter hours of labor. The Herald is a four-page monthly, published at 834 Howard Street, San Francisco. Fubscription price, 50 cents per year. CoNsPicuous among the many excellent edu-cational institutions of the Pacific Coast, is the San Francisco Business College. The president, Niel S. Phelps, is one of the finest educators in the State, and indeed the names of the Faculty are a sufficient guarantee of the excellence of the instruction given. The college paper, San Fran-cisco Business College Journal, is one of the brightest and best we have ever seen, and any of our readers contemplating a business course shouldŁ send for a specimen copy, and thus learn more about the college which it represents. IN Peru the only church recognized by the government is the " Holy Catholic Church." There is a Protestant church at Lima and an-other at Callao; but no building for Protestant worship is allowed to be in sight From the street; it must be within such walls as will give no pub-lic indication of a place of worship. This is the same sort of toleration which the American Sab-bath Union proposes to grant -to those who do not agree with them as to the obligation to keep Sunday religiously; they will.  kindly permit them to do private work on Sunday in out-of-the-way places, behind walls and shutters. Ł Ł REV. N. R. JOHNSTON, a correspondent of the Christian Statesman, thinks "a Christian people [should] scatter away all iniquity by constitu-tional or statute law." Iniquity is sin; therefore lie must think that sin can be scattered away by civil law ! We would like to know of a single instance where it has been done. The Scriptures teach that only the power of God can take away sin, that only the grace of God can forgive sin, and that only the Spirit of God can so renew the human mind that it will not love sin. Had Mr. Johnston only lived before Christ, possibly the Son of God need not have died, and sin might have been abolished by civil law I THE National Reformers do not want a union of Church and State. Oh, no, they are bitterly opposed to anything of that sort! What they do want may be inferred, however, from the follow-ing from an article by Rev. J. M. Foster, one of ,the district secretaries, in the Christian Cynosure of October 17. Mr. Foster says :Š "According to the Scriptures, the State and its sphere exist for the sake of, and to serve the interests of, the church. The true State will have a wise ref-erence to the church's interests in all its legislative, executive, and judicial proceedings. . . . The ex-penses of the church, in carrying on her public ag-gressive work, it (the State) meets in whole, or in  part, out of the public treasury. Thus the church is protected and exalted by the State," This makes it clear that it is not union but vassalage which National Reformers want ; the State to be the vassal. No wonder they wish to change that feature of our fundamental law which accords with the idea that .governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. They know that the "governed" in-this country will never willingly submit to their wicked schemes. THE Statesman, (Chicago), 4nore_bold than its fellows, in an editorial in its September number says:Š " The-open sale of liquors on Sunday is doubtless a serious evil, as is its sale on all days ; but the question at issue is not the sale of an injurious article, nor the presence in the market of a pernicious traffic. The question which has been before the Chicago public for some years is the Sunday slavery, resulting to many thousands of her citizens through an utter dis-regard of all Sunday laws by some of her citizens. The fight is not specifically against the saloon, but against unlawful Sunday toil and traffic of every sort." Thus it appears, as we have often said, that the real object of Sunday closing is the exaltation of Sunday rather than the promotion of temperance and the restriction of the liquor traffic. Now let us hear no more of this hypocritical cant about Sunday prohibition of rum-selling when the sa-loons are allowed free course on the other six days and till midnight on Saturday. 41.  Ł  THE Presbyterian Synod of Minnesota, at its recent meeting in Minneapolis, adopted the fol- lowing report of the committee on better Sabbath observance :Š "1. That the synod of Minnesota givesthe American Sabbath Union, national, State, district, and local, most hearty indorsement and support. "2. That our pastors, stated supplies, and elders rep-resenting vacant churches, be requested to urge the immediate organization of local unions in their 're-spective communities, and that they hold themselves in readiness to superintend the local interests of Sab-bath reform, including the formation of a citizens' com-mittee on Sabbath closing, and the circulating of peti-tions requesting the enactment and enforcement of Sunday-Rest laws. "3. That the members of our churches be urged to co-operate in all proper measures for the furtherance of the cause of Sabbath observance, and that they be particularly urged to give official indorsement to peti-tions presented by pastors, stated supplies, or elders." This shows the drift of sentiment among the majority of popular religionists; it is not toward more consistent living on their own part, but toward laws compelling those who are out of the church-to-observe church institutions.. THE Christian Cynosure says:Š " However Protestants may voice their fears of Jesuit aggression and intrigue, they are unlikely to use too vigorous language when the leading Roman-ist papers, like the Catholic Review, can speak of the patrons of the American public school and of the school fund in such terms as these : ' Catholics will not make war on the public school, because they be lieve in admitting the State to a limited share in educating the children; because they know that half the millions of America are pagans who desire a pagan training for their children; and because they are certain that the public schools, in thgir present state, are suitable for these people. Believing that the State should take an interest in education, but knowing that the State school, admirably suited for pagans, is 'not the school for Catholic or Protestant children, they are bound to build up a Catholic branch of the public-school system, where children will be educated as Catholics at the expense of the State.' " And, pray, why not, we would like to ask, if it is the province of the State to teach religion at  all? So far as the matter of teaching religion in the schools is concerned, Catholics and Protest-ants of the Cynosure type are at one: they both want religion taught in the public schools and at public expense, the only difference being that each party demands that their religion shall be that which shall be taught. THE American Sabbath Union is an extensive religious combination to effect a political object, and is, therefore, according to the words of Hon. Richard M. Johnson, dangerous. In 1828-29, Congress was asked to suspend the carrying of the mails "upon Sunday. The matter was referred to the committee on post-offices and post-roads, of which Mr. Johnson was chairman, who reported adversely. One nf their reasons was as follows :Š " Extensive religious combinations to effect a polit-ical object are, in the opinion of the committee, al-ways dangerous. This first effort of the kind calls for the establishment of a principle which, in the opin-ion of the committee, would lay the foundation for dangerous innovations upon the spirit of the Consti-tution, and upon the religious rights of the citizen. If admitted, it may be justly apprehended that the future measures of the government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same in-fluence. All religious despotisms commence by com-bination and influence, and when that influence be-gins to operate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warn-ing of the consequences." These words were true sixty years ago, and they are just as true to-day. Therefore, let all who love liberty beware-of the American Sabbath Union...and its work. THE following is from Dr. Barrows' thanks-giving service in the October number of the Treasury. It does not well accord with some of the ideas advanced by that school of religionists who think that our nation's Constitution is infidel because it is secular. Dr. Barrows says:Š "The eloquent voice of the Honorable William C. P. Breckinridge, of Kentucky, has shown us' that liberty is the child of that interpretation of the Bible which became general with the Protest-ant Reformation. We may say with truth that 'free America was born of the Bilk.' From the Bible came the simpler forms of self: government, in town and church, that have gone with our civilization in its westward march. . . Hence came also the separation of Church and State, and the soul liberty which Roger 'Williams learned from Him who said, 'My kingdom -is not of this world.' From the Bible came, as Edward Everett declared, 'the better elements of our national institutions.' It was an echo from the Scriptures which Jefferson sounded. in the great Declaration. From the Bible came the moral forces that carried through our Hirst Revolution, and which have withstood the wastings of cor-ruption in succeeding years. From the same source have sprung the moral reformations that Ł have preserved our nationality and our freedom. The American republic is of heavenly birth." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, sa far as regards religion or riligious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisinglyopposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $,Z.(X) In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - 75e. To foreign_countries, _single subscription, post-paid, 4s, Address, =MOAN SENTINEL, 1858 CastroQ-St., OAKLAND. CAL 