382 A.TMEIELICANT SIElskrrIN VOL. 9, No. 48. and five thousand negroes who had been the slaves of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, but who had been freed by the exigencies of the war. They were not adopted into the Indian tribes and conse- quently they were political orphans, hav-ing no political rights among those who had been their masters, having little prop-erty of their own, without schools or any educational facilities whatever. They were ignorant, poverty-stricken, degraded, helpless, and largely hopeless. Their situation was brought to the attention of Rev: Dr. S. S. Cutting, then correspond-ing secretary of the Home Mission Society, and by him the matter was presented to the secretary of the interior. The result of the correspondence was an invitation from the Government for the Home Mis-sion Society to provide a system of public schools for these people for their secular education, ' the schools to be established and supervised by the Home Mission So-ciety, but the salaries of the teachers to be paid by the Government. From the statements from the Indian Office,  above cited, it appears that these schools were chiefly day schools, that they continued only for a brief period, that the entire amount of money paid by the Gov-ernment on their account was $8,075. From these facts it seems that these schools were not Indian schools at all, but negro schools; they were not mission schools, but public schools; they were part of a general scheme then in operation acquiesced in, apparently, by everybody. There were at that time no other schools for these negroes maintained by the Gov-ernment. With the present system of Indian Con-tract Schools the Baptists, we believe, have had no connection whatever, and have not received from the United States Government a penny in aid of their In-dian mission work. They have not asked for, or desired, to participate in the scheme, but have strongly protested against it. Without an exception, so far as we know, the voice of the denomination is clear, explicit, and emphatic in asking that the entire contract system be done away with, because now that the Government schools have been increased and brought to a high degree of efficiency contract schools are unnecessary; because the system is a vio-lation of the spirit, if not the letter, of the Constitution of the United States; because it is antagonistic to the recognized Amer-ican doctrine of complete separation of Church and State; because its operation involves an invidious partiality for one denomination as against others; because it establishes a vast corruption fund ut-terly demoralizing in its operations; be-cause it introduces into American politics sectarian bitterness which is greatly to be deprecated; and because it menaces the integrity of the public school fund and the permanence of the entire school sys-tem. It is a significant fact that the great religions denominations, Presbyterian, Congregational, Methodist, and Episco-palian, which have heretofore been shar-ing in these public subsidies, have by their action condemned tl1e system as un-American and withdrawn from it, leaving the Roman Catholic Church al-most solitary and alone in this advocacy of it. This church, during the ten years ending June 30th, 1895, will have received from the public treasury, for the prosecu-tion of its missions among the Indians, more than three millions of dollars and is  apparently tenacious in its advocacy of the continuance of this great abuse of public money which should never be used for private or sectarian purposes. But the contract Indian school system is doomed. It is un-American, unconsti-tutional, impolitic, needless, and harmful. At its last session Congress virtually con-demned it by directing the secretary of the interior to report to its next session whether it cannot be entirely done away with. T. J. MORGAN. The SENTINEL was the first paper to publish the facts which have called out Hon. T. J. Morgan's letter, and we are of course very willing to insert this state-ment from him as a representative Bap-tist. Sept. 14, 1893 we published a state-ment to the effect that "the Methodist, the Episcopalian, the Congregationalist, and the Baptist churches " had " all re-fused to take any more" money from the Government for the support of their In-dian schools. When our attention was first called to the statement last September we were persuaded that a mistake had been made. Consequently a frank ac-knowledgment of what we had come to believe was an injustice to the Baptist denomination was prepared and put in type, but after the matter was in page proof, and but an hour before going to press, the letter from Mr. Armstrong, of the Indian Office, received and forwarded to us by Mr. Moon, came to hand. Of course it changed the complexion of the matter and was inserted instead of our recantation. Now we have inserted Mr. Morgan's explanation, and the reader can judge for himself as to the part the Baptists have taken in the matter of receiving Govern-ment appropriations for work done among the Indians. It is evident that the Baptist denomination received money from the Government under President Grant's ad-ministration for some kind of supervision over Indian tribes, and also at a later period it received money for conducting schools for negro freedmen residing among the Indians of the same territory. Now if there can be such a thing as a religious denomination exercising a purely civil supervision over Indian tribes, and if this is what the Baptist denomination did; Šand again, if a religious denomination can conduct public schools entirely on the secular basis, and if this is what the Baptist denomination did, then the Baptist denomination has not violated in this matter the principle of complete separation of Church and State. One thing is certain, the Baptist denom-ination has consistently refused to partici-pate in the more recent disgraceful viola-tion of American and Christian principles carried on under the contract school sys-tem by all the other leading denomina-tions, both Roman Catholic and Protes-tant, and has strongly protested against the practice. Let all friends of religious liberty note this fact and give the denom-ination due credit. We do not take the hopeful view of the immediate discontinuance of the un-American system which Mr. Morgan does. The Roman Catholic leech, encouraged by " Protestant " example, has embedded it-self deeply into the American body politic and will not be easily shaken off. But we shall see what we shall see. " THE Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them."  The Religious Liberty of the Roman Catholic Church. AT the present time the church of Rome is posing as the defender of civil and re- ligious liberty, and many are liable to be deceived by her pretensions. It is there-fore important to have an exact knowledge of the kind of liberty represented by her. Cardinal Gibbons has given us the follow-ing definition of religious liberty : " A man enjoys religious liberty when he possesses the free right of worshiping God according to the dictates of a right con-science, and practicing a form of religion most in accordance with his duties to God." * An exemplification of this kind of lib-erty was shown recently in Genoa, Vernon Co., Wis. A young lady, member of a Catholic family, who was of age, left home to work for her own maintenance. She had for some time last year been in the employ of a Methodist minister as a domestic. She became somewhat disaffected toward the Catholic Church, and it was reported to her parents. They, of course, set abou's; to the best of their ability to remedy it. In order to get her in their power, and away from her place of work, her mother represented to her that, if she would go and tell the priest what religion she wanted to choose, she should be free afterwards from any obligation to the Catholic Church; but instead of setting her free when she came to him, he declared her to be insane, and preparation was made to take her to the convent at La Crosse, where she could be under surveillance. With team and wagon they started for La Crosse. Three persons went with her, Štwo women and one man,Što see her safe in the convent. The poor girl had no way of escape, but did the best she could under the circumstances. On the road to La Crosse, they happened to meet the stage going to De Soto and other places with the mail. She called on the driver for protection, and after a hard struggle with her three guards, she escaped from the wagon and took refuge in the stage. They still tried to retake her, but the driver finally drew his revolver and threatened to shoot if they touched her. They desisted, threatening that they would yet have her in their power. The girl was taken back to her place of work, where she now is, and no evidence of insanity can be seen in her. The only insanity(?) about her is her desire to change her religion. Of course, her conscience was not right and she was not practicing a form of religion most in accordance with her duties to God, according to the idea of the Roman Catholic Church, and so her conscience must be made right, and the practice of religion made to accord with Roman Catholic ideas of her duties to God. The history of the Catholic Church in all lands and at all times, when her power has not been curtailed, testifies to her faithful adherence to this doctrine. When petty persecution, deception, threats or boycott fails, recourse must be had to more severe means. If Rome will commit this outrage on liberty of conscience now, what will she do when she gets the power which blinded apostate Protestants are putting in her hands ? The spirit that seeks to im-prison a Catholic girl in a Wisconsin con-vent because she became a Methodist, is the same spirit that imprisons an ex- *" Faith of Our Fathers," pp. 264, 265. 