AMERICAN SENTINF.T4 205 absolutely refused to run his locomotive on Sunday. No vote declaring the wishes of the engineers' union on this subject has ever been passed, to my knowledge. " (Locomotive Engineers.)" "The majority it is believed are opposed to working on Sundays, although no vote, to my knowledge, has ever been taken in the union. Still there are many fire-men who wish to work, usually men who have families, while the single men, as a rule, would prefer to have the day to themselves rather than get the pay for working. It may be doubted whether legislation is necessary or practicable to restrict Sunday work. No satisfactory legislation concerning railroad Sunday labor has yet been proposed. The companies and the men can best adjust differences, there are so many varying conditions existing which require special arrangements. Some trains must be run Sundays to meet the public demand. "(Firemen.)" Rome Ever the Same. "Lutheran Witness." IT has already been reported that Justice Brewer, of the United States Supreme Court, said lately in an address, that the two ancient foes, Protestantism and Catholicism, were getting closer together, and that the twentieth century would see their ultimate agreement. If this description of the trend of affairs is true, it is only because Protestantism has become less Protestant. Rome has not changed and will not change. This truth has lately been emphasized by the article which the Jesuit Clarke wrote in the Fortnightly Review against the recalcitrant and rationalist Prof. St. George Mivart. The Romish writer says among other things: "In the Catholic Church every dogma is essential and funda-mental, and must be believed by every Catholic under pain of eternal damnation. This is the Catholic faith, which unless a man believe faithfully and firmly he can-not be saved; whether any dogma was defined by the Apostles' Creed, or by the Vatican Council, or by one of the long roll of popes speaking in his character of doc. for and teacher, of the universal church, makes no dif-ference whatever. It carries with it the same authority, whether it was declared to be a part of the faith in the first century or the nineteenth, and he who refuses to accept it is just as completely an alien from the com-monwealth of God in the one case as in the other." Here there is no mincing of words and even the weakest of Protestants should be able to recognize the sign of antichrist. PAGAN COUNTERFEITS in the Christian church By C. A. S. TEMPLE. A vivid presentation of the pagan festivals, rites, and usages which the author finds in the Christian churches of to-day, together with two chapters on Freemasonry, which ought to be read by every Mason who professes to be a Christian. 187 pages, paper covers. Price 25 cents. Address House nearest to you. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND ST., NEW YORK, N. OAKLAND, CAL, KANSAS CITY, MO. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN S   1-4,1\TTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. " Six months .50. Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. How to find it When it's lost How to keep it When it's found. This new book is attracting favorable attention wherever circulated, on account of its practical health hints and its numerous statistical tables in which are set forth the scientific principles upon which the book is based. But do not get an idea that the book is full of technical terms which the ordinary reader will not understand, for such is not the case. It is written in the interesting, entertaining style peculiar to thewriter, who is a lecturer of wide experience. The following are the chapter titles:Š The Last Treasure Man's Present Condition Errors in Diet The Enemies of Man The Digestive Agents Timely Suggestions What to Eat and Why To Whom Do We Belong Useful Information Home Remedies for Common Diseases Seasonable Recipes. This book contains 222 pages, is well printed on good book paper, bound in neat green cloth, and will be sent postpaid for $1.00 Address any of our Agencies, or Address Pacific Press Publishing Co.. 39 Bond St., New York City. KANSAS CITY, MO. OAKLAND, CALIF. 