AME_RI C AN SENTINEL. 679 will redeem, it inevitably follows that the Sabbath itself is an aid to faith. Furthermore, this earth is a part of the universe that God created. When man sinned and fell, the earth itself became involved in the fall; and it must, with man, either be destroyed or redeemed. The latter, we have seen, is the truth, and thus it becomes evident that creation itself has a part in the redemptive scheme. It will therefore be still further evident that the Sabbath is not only a sign of God's eternal power in creation, but it is also a sign of his power in redemption. What then follows? Simply this: He who knows the power of God in his creation and redemption can keep the Sabbath; and he who says he cannot keep it unless all others keep it, thereby acknowledges he does not know God's power. He cannot say truthfully that the gospel of Christ "is the power of God unto salvation." Let it be understood, however, that in all that has been said in this article relative to the Sabbath, in no instance is Sunday referred to. The seventh day is the Sabbath set apart by Jeho-vah, and that day only is the sign of God's power in creation and redemption. Having its origin in the work of creation, and being the memorial of the power that wrought in creation, it is entirely independent of any human aid, nor could it possibly receive it. This would be destructive of God's sovereignty. In the very nature of things, then, anybody who knows the power of God in the gospel of Jesus Christ will have no difficulty in keeping the SabbathŠthe seventh day. But he who knows the power of God thus is a Chris-tian, and if he does not know this power, he is not a Christian. Then, beyond all doubt, anybody who is a Christian can keep the Sabbath; and, further, anybody who is a Christian and understands its nature and object will never say he cannot keep the Sabbath. Circumstances of whatever kind will be no deterrent to a Christian. Environment will be no obstacle to him. He might be thrust into prison. But what of that? Many there are to-day who can testify that it is as easy to keep the Sabbath in a narrow cell as in a palace with none to molest. Why is this? Because the SabbathŠthe seventh day Šis an inseparable part of that law that finds its source in Jesus Christ. No lock and key can keep out Jesus from a narrow prison cell where one of his saints is incar-cerated, or anywhere else; and where Jesus is, there will Sabbath-keeping always be. There is, then, something radically wrong with any-body, even though he happens to be a doctor of divinity, when he says, "My right to Sabbath observance depends upon a law for Sabbath observance for all. If others do not keep it, I can't." The "Sabbath" in behalf of which this utterance was made is not, nor can it be, the Sabbath of the Bible; and  consequently the religion that is represented by this kind of a "Sabbath" is not, nor can it be, the religion of Jesus Christ. The Preacher in Politics. WHEN the Author of the Christian religion came into the world, he made a very sharp distinction between his government and that of the world. One pertained to man's spiritual nature, the other to his physical well-being. As the people clamored to make him king, their disappointment knew no bounds when he refused. When his friends would resent the insults heaped upon him, he rebuked them with these words, "My kingdom is not of this world." His commission to his followers was, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel,"Šjust one thing, and so we hear Paul declaring, "I am determined to know nothing save Jesus Christ and him crucified." This is the oneness of purpose that backed the efforts of the early Christians. The result was that in the face of a universal law prohibiting under penalty of death, the introduction of any other than the established religion, which was paganism, the gospel of the lowly Nazarene Prospered and grew to mighty proportions. Later the "mystery of iniquity" began its corrupting work, and it is not many pages that the historian wrote of those times till the sickening story of the Dark Ages beginsŠa story so fill of awful deeds, all committed in the name of religion, that our cheeks blanche and the blood runs cold, and we shudder at the recital of the simple facts. This was all the result of a coalition of the civil with the ecclesiastical power. Then came the ReformationŠLuther with the primi-tive gospel of Jesus ChristŠa gospel of love, a gospel of peace, a gospel of persuasion. In the face of apparently insurmountable obstacles, this gospel revolutionized all Europe, not by force of arms, but by its own inherent powerŠ"the power of God unto salvation." To-day we see and hear much of another gospel that the professed representatives of this same Jesus are teachingŠa gospel of force, as embodied in the principles governing the Christian citizenship movement. So intox-icated are they with the idea that the nation can be made "Christian" in fact through legislation, that it is declared that "Christ is to become the Ruler of this na-tion," and that it will come "through the gateway of politics." Would that these same people could learn a lesson from the history of the fourth century! Would that they could realize that "all power is from above"Šnot from beneath; that to make men really good, their hearts must be changed, and only the power of God can do thisŠnot the power of the state. Make a man first a good Christian and he will be a good citizen; so the work of the preachers, therefore, is to follow directly in the footsteps of the apostle Paul and preach nothing else "save Jesus Christ and him crucified." Why don't they do it? w. E. c. 