288 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, MAY 5, 1898. A ROMAN CATHOLIC priest, Father John McCormick, of West Hoboken, N. J., has been appointed chaplain on the battleship "Indiana." THE weapons of carnal warfare can do nothing but tear down. But the "Sword of the Spirit"Šthe Word of GodŠbuilds up. WE invite attention to the offer on the preceding page. It is within the reach of all. Many have won the gift, so can you. Send for circular describ-ing the Bible. IT is required of all Spanish naval cadets that they shall profess the Roman Catholic religion. The Span-ish fleet is still entitled to be called the Armada. THERE is something in the Bible about the duty of dealing one's bread to the hungry, but we find no text which directs that a person should deal cannon balls to his enemy. HAVE you read the finely illustrated pamphlet, "The Arming of the Na-tions"? See the advertisement on another page. Send for it and it will interest and instruct you. To each purchaser will be sent a complete net price list of all tracts and pamphlets for sale by the Pacific Press Pub-lishing Co., 39 Bond St., New York City. IN the present crisis England and the United StatesŠthe representa-tives of AngIO-Saxon civilizationŠhave drawn together, and it is well understood that an unwritten but nevertheless actual alliance exists between the two great divisions of English speaking people. And this leaves the rest of the world in another division,Ša division which does not represent Anglo Saxon ideas and in-stitutions, but those of autocracy and despotism. And in the light of  the fact that these two great divi-sions of civilization represent respect-ively the camps of liberty and of des-potism, it is evident that it was not by chance that the English speaking race has spread its rule over so large a portion of the habitable globe, while the once-great empire of Spain has shrunk up to its present insignifi-cant dimensions. A COLONY of the Waldenses, whose history adds a long and thrilling chapter to the annals of religious persecution, has been established in what is called the Piedmont Section of the Tennessee mountains. The colony owns ten thousand acres of forest and cleared land, and have built a thriving town, which is called Valdese. They observe Christmas, Good Friday, and Easter; and also the 17th day of February, which is their "emancipation day." THE effort to enact a strict Sunday law for the province of Manitoba, Canada, seems not to have met with much success. A long and heated controversy has been in progress there over the question but the com-mittee of the legislature who were given charge of the proposed measure finally decided upon radical changes from the provisions of the bill as pre sented to them, so that but little if any addition is made by it to the law now in force The bill as thus amended has passed the House. SIGNOR CRISPI, ex-Prime Minister of Italy, and generally recognized as Italy's greatest statesman, is quoted, as saying that the decadence of Spain is due primarily to the Roman Cath-olic religion. "The prime cause of Spain's condition is the general state of ignoranceŠin the upper, as well as in the lower classes. It is the priest-hood, absolutely sovereign every-where, which has led that fine coun-try into ruin." Such is the statement recently given by the ex premier to a press representative in an interview touching the probable results of .the war. Signor Crispi is not an opponent of the Catholic religion. In the same interview he said, as quoted: "The Catholic religion is indeed a beautiful religion. Christianity has done much good. But through an ever retro-grade spirit the clergy has done irre- parable damage to the Latin races." The view of this eminent observer is not biased by religious hostility. It is not colored by Protestantism. It is the view of one who though a con-fessed admirer of the Catholic reli-gion, sees too plainly the facts of which he speaks to speak as one who confounds that religion with Chris-tianity might naturally be expected to do. And it is the truth observed from the eminence of position of a statesman, which commands a clearer and broader view than that of the ordinary man. It is worth while also to note some of the views held by this eminent man regarding the present outlook for the world, to which he gave expression in this connection. "If the United States," he said, "defeat Spain, as is probable, they will be obliged, in order to maintain their po:-ition, to have recourse to costly armaments; and Europe, which is looking forward to the time of actual disar nament, will more than ever be plunged into an endless expense. After armies for lands the navies must now be in-creased. Where it will stop I do not know. In any case it seems to me that the war has in store some unŁ pleasant surprises." In reply to a question relative to European intervention, Signor Crispi said that in Europe "anarchy is dom-inant everywhere;" that "to speak frankly, there is no Europe; the 'Eu-ropean concert' is only a sinister joke;" and that "nothing can be ex-pected from the concert of Powers" But "we must," he added, "have confidence in the future." The world offers no source from which confidence in the future can be drawn. The source of such confidence is supplied alone by Christianity. THE existence of unselfish love in this world proves the existence of the God defined in Scripture. 