52 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. " Through the immense largesses it receives from corrupt politicians, the Roman Catholic Church is, practically, the established church of the city of New York. These favors are granted under the guise of a seeming friendli-ness to religion. We propose to put the sub-stance for the shadow, to drive out the coun-terfeit by the completer substitution of the true." This language may seem much or little; we shall have to interpret it by other state-ments which more clearly reveal their designs. In this same address Mr. Stevenson said:Š " Our hopes, too, look beyond the mere maintenance of our Christian- institutions as they are. We must do more than merely ar-rest the current which is bearing us away from God and religion. We must begin to make progress in the opposite direction. The suc-cess of our movement will be the introduction of a springing and germinant principle into the Constitution, which will yet redeem Amer-ican politics from all unholy influences, and enr.,l-)le us to attain to a complete and consist-ent character as a Christian nation." There is no mistaking this language. To expect to exclude " unholy influences " from American politics, and yet maintain the republicŠallow the right of suffrage to the peopleŠis the sheerest folly. The truth is that the success of their schemes will leave scarcely a vestige of the present features of our Government, which is " of the people, by the people, and for the people." And here we will let President Brunot put a quietus upon the idle assertions of recent writers in the ,`,'tatesinan. They present the Government of Israel as the one after which they wish to pattc rn, and declare that it was a republic, and that under it the people had larger liberty than we have in this Government. In Presi-dent Brunot's address in the Pittsburg Con-vention, February 4, 1874, he said: Up to the Christian era no nation per-mitted freedom of conscience in religion. The government of the Israelites was a theoc-racy. The laws came directly from God." This is the truth; but to the same extent that these words are true, to that extent the words of the writers referred to are false. Ł Particular attention is called to the state-ment of Doctor Stevenson, that it is not their intention to merely maintain " the existing Christian features in our Government," what-ever that expression may mean. The adop-tion of: the proposed Religious Amendment would' be the introduction of a " germinant principle into our Constitution;" it would be only the beginning of the complete subordi-nation of the civil to the ecclesiastical power in the nation. Listen to another avowal from the Christian Statesman of November 1, 1883:Š "An acknowledgment of God does not of itself impose any restraint on the conscience, nor fix a single law requiring obedience. We have it in our State Constitutions, and it has little or no force. . . But we do not stop -here. This is simply the foundation fer an imposing structure. These principles are only ;premises ; the conclusion is yet to come, and it has the dangerous character of the syllo-gism, that the conclusion must come, and ,come with invincible power." We have found that these reformers often ;publicly claim much less than they mean, 'ibut their words are too significant and strong  to permit us to believe that they ever mean less than they claim. The conclusion which has " the dangerous character of the syllo-gism," and which must " come with invincible power," is -the self-same conclusion which was involved in the Councils of the Catholic Church, and wrought °tit practically by the Inquisition. We hope that American citizens do not need any argument to prove to them that the civil Government has no right to put "any restraint upon the conscience." Yet this is exactly what the National Reformers de-mand ; they affirm that " the church " shall determine what restraints the Government shall put upon the consciences of religious minorities, of dissenters, as well as of the non-religious. Ł Now while we have taken up the vari-ous items of their platform; the published speeches made in their National Conventions; the editorials and correspondence of their pa-pers ; and the reports of their " district secre-taries ; " we have analyzed and shown the tendency of their utterances, their professed arguments ; and we have carefully set forth the necessary and undeniable results of the success of their movementŠthey have not taken up and reviewed a single article of the SENTINEL; they have not met a single argu-ment we have presented on the tendencies and results of their movement; they have not attempted to justify their absurd state-ments wherein they not only confound relig-ion and morality, but religion and crime; and yet they have the effrontery to say that it is unnecessary for them to notice our argu-ments, because we do not meet the point ! Some time since, when this assertion was reit-erated, we invited them to frankly and plainly tell us what the point is ; what is the question at issue; and if it is not found in their plat-form; in their published speeches; in their weekly organs, either as editorials or corre-spondence, to just indicate where we might find it, and we promised to notice it fully and at length, but all in vain. From their actions we might infer that they had joined a perpetual "mum social." There are many intelligent and inquiring people carefully watching the progress of this controversy. And the number of such is fast increasing. And the self-styled Reformers may rest assured that, in the eyes of the real inquirer, accusations of ignorance of history, of the Bible, and of government, in which they have freely indulged, are poor substitutes for argument. We would be glad to know whether they ever intend to try to " meet the question," fairly and squarely on its merits. J. H. W. GOVERNMENTS have it not in their power to do their subjects the least service as to their religious beliefs and mode of worship. On the contrary, whenever the civil magistrate interposes his authority in matters of religion, otherwise than in keeping the peace amongst all religious parties, you may trace every step he has taken by the mischievous effects his interposition has produced.ŠBurgh, A Little Comparison. THE Christian Statesman of February 24 says :Š " The constant struggle for place and pelf and power in American politics, closely re-sembles the struggles for the throne in the last days of the Roman Empire, and every thoughtful student of history must be struck by the correspondeap." Very true; and the thoughtful student of history will be struck by another correspon-dence which the Statesman forgot to mention. In the last days of the Roman Empire many professed Christians, whose zeal outran their piety, thought that politics would be vastly improved if only the church were placed un- der State patronage, and were allowed a con-trolling voice in public affairs. Accordingly Constantine did for the church just what the National Reform Association is trying to ac- complish in these days. What he did, and its consequences, is thus told by Eugene Law-rence-:Š " In the last great persecution under Dio-cletian the bishops of Rome probably fled once more to the catacombs. Their churches were torn down, their property confiscated, their sacred writings destroyed, and a vigor-ous effort was made to extirpate the powerful sect. But the effort was vain. Constantine soon afterward became emperor, and the bishop of Rome emerged from the catacombs to become one of the ruling powers of the world. This sudden change was followed by an almost total loss of the simplicity and pu-rity of the days of persecution. Magnificent churches were erected by the emperor in Rome, adorned with images and pictures, where the bishop sat on a lofty throne, encir-cled by inferior priests, and performing rites borrowed from the splendid ceremonial of the pagan temple. The bishop of Rome became a prince of the empire, and lived in a style of luxury and pomp that awakened the envy or the just indignation of the heathen writer Marcellinus. The church was now enriched by the gifts and bequests of the pious and the timid; the bishop drew great revenues from his farms in the Campagna, and his rich plantations in Sicily; he rode through the streets of Rome in a stately chariot, and clothed in gorgeous attire; his table was sup-plied with a profusion more than imperial; the proudest women of Rome loaded him with lavish donations, and followed him with their flatteries and attentions; and his haughty bearing and profuse luxury were remarked upon by both pagans and Christians as strangely inconsistent with the humility and simplicity enjoined by the religion which he professed. " The bishopric of Rome now became a splendid prize, for which the ambitious and unprincipled contended by force or fraud. The bishop was elected by the clergy andŁ pop-ulace of the city, and this was the only elect-ive office at Rome. Long deprived of all the rights of freemen, and obliged to accept the senators and consuls nominated by the em-perors, the Romans seemed once more to have gained a new liberty in their privilege of choosing their bishop. They exercised their right with a violence and a factious spirit that showed them to be unworthy of possess-ing it. On the election day the streets of Rome were often filled with bloodshed and riot. The rival factions assailed each other with blows and weapons. Churches were garrisoned, stormed, sacked, and burned; and the opposing candidates, at the head of their 