AMERICAN SENTINEL. 551 grace of God keeps his children from evil in the midst of the world. As the channels of divine light and truth to the world, the world is their proper place. When God wants them removed from the society of sinners he is coming himself to take them away. But now, while pro-bation for the world continues, he wants them in the world and amongst world lovers as his witnesses, wit-nessing by their words and lives to his power to save people from sin, simply by a change of heartŠby a new birth, a new creation in Christ. The "sisterhoods" and "brotherhoods" which are gotten up in thisworld in the name of religion, with their vows and regulations which set at defiance the laws of nature in order to save the soul, are a sham and a delu-sion. They represent the worldly and heathen idea of consecration. They are contrary to God and to nature, to revelation and to reason. They lead only to wretch-edness and ruin. True happiness, true religion, true charity and holiness, and true success in life, can be found only in the order of life which God has established. Spain and Her Methods.ŠNo. 1. BY MRS. FLORENCE A. BARNES, M. D. WHILE living in Spanish American countries of South America, my attention was drawn to the condition of the Indian and mixed population of the country. I found in cities of many thousands, that only a few were able to gain a livelihood by other means than by manual labor. That the services of the Indian were held almost as a right, by many, and that consequently, their wages were little more than would suffice to keep body and soul together. In the outskirts of the best of the cities, many live with only a thatched roof to keep off the rain, having neither siding to their houses, nor a rag of clothing to cover the nakedness of all the younger members of the family. In the interior, the women carry burdens over the mountains for a real a day (3 cents) and on the coffee plantations men and women labor for about the same rate. I noticed also, that although the Catholic Church has existed there for the four hundred years that the Spanish have inhabited the country, only a few had been taught the first rudiments of an education, by which they could have hoped to better their condition. The native woman will give herself body and soul to the white man who seeks her, and having been taught no better, is proud of her shame. Vice and shame go hand in hand with the church, openly and unrebuked. The poor die without help. They may lie sick, with-out medical assistance, for months, and finally die, no one outside the family the wiser, until the priest is called to bury them in the "holy ground." Looking for a cause, it was not hard to trace back-ward to the time when the South American Indian was held as a slave by the Spanish invaders, and remember-ing the mode of warfare adopted by Spain in conquering unbelievers nearer home, I soon found that in the history of the Catholic Church in Spain, cruelty took the place of mercy, and that to convert, with them, meant to con-quer and enslave. In proof of this, before looking at the work of the church in South America, let me go back to Spanish warfare nearer home. For under Ferdinand and Isa-bella, the same cruelties were practiced, in the name of religion, as were practiced under Charles the Fifth a few years later in South America. METHODS OF CHRISTIAN(?) WARFARE BETWEEN 1482 AND 1492. From history we learn that in 1482, all of Spain was under the control of the church with one exception. The territory of Grenada was still under, the dominion of the Moors. It was well situated for protection, being washed on one side by the Mediterranean Sea, and trav-ersed by chains of lofty mountains, naked, rocky and precipitous, rendering it almost impregnable, but locking in deep rich valleys of great fertility. Alhama was one of the Moorish towns near to the capital of Grenada, and has been called the key to the capital. The marquis of Cadiz conceived the idea of tak-ing this town. Having sent out a spy, who on returning assured him of the practicability of taking it by surprise, the marquis called together several commanders with their troops, and set out promptly, with three thousand light cavalry, and four thousand infantry. None but the leaders knew the object of the enterprize. The march was accomplished by night, while they remained hidden in secluded places during the day. They chose routes rarely traveled. No one was allowed to speak. No fires were built, lest the smoke should betray them. On reach-ing a small deep valley only half a league from Alhama, they made a :halt. Not till then was the object of the expedition made known to the army. After explaining their purposes, the leaders now endeavored to rouse them to brave action by telling them it was for the glory of the most: holy faith, and for vengeance; and "that there was great spoil in the town." They then pressed on, arriving close to the place two hours before daybreak. There the army remained in ambush while three hundred men were sent to scale the walls and:Iget possession of the castle. Silently they climbed the height and reached the shadow of its tower, undiscovered. Not a light or sound was in the village. The whole place was in deep repose. Fixing their lad-ders, theyimounted the battlements. Moving stealthily along the parapet, toward the citadel, they came upon the sentinel by surprise. Seizing him by the throat he was ordered to point the way to the guard room. The man obeyed, :and was instantly dispatched. There a scene of massacre, rather than of combat, occurred. 