4 Vol,. 9, go. 1. must inevitably fail as have all the ancient republics of history before her. . . . Is not this whole country stamped for a Catholic land ? With the great doctor, St. Augustine, guard-ing the Atlantic Coast, and the heroic missionary, San Francisco, the Pacific; with the indomitable apostle, St. Paul, kindling zeal and enthusiasm in the North, and the gentle San Antonio inspiring love and peace in the South; with the Warrior King, St. Louis, in the center, and the great St. Joseph and Notre Dame, the gracious queen of heaven, hard by,Šwith all these powerful intercessors pleading for her, can we, I say, expect anything less than a glorious triumph for Cath-olicity in America ? Surely God's plans are manifest. America is the last and greatest of nations ; and he means to possess her for himself. .. The nets of St. Peter will drag this continent from ocean to ocean, till they are filled to breaking with the souls of men that shall be saved. ŠThe Catholic Church and the American Repub-lic, Historically, Analytically, and Prophetically Con-sidered, 1893, pp. 2, 3, 15, 16. No more proofs are needed to show that upon the basis of the arguments furnished, and the governmental action secured, by the National Reform combination, the Catholic Church now claims, and with all her native arrogance assume, actual pos-session of our country. With the mouths of the Protestants, and Congress, and the Supreme Court, and the Executive, com-pletely stopped by their own arguments and actions flaunted in their faces and before the whole country, by the Catholic Church, our country to-day is practically held by the Catholic Church, and, in view of the situation as described in the quota-tion from No. 12, is therefore practically a Catholic country. And every man and woman who ever aided the National Re-form movement, or petitioned Congress for legislation in favor of Sunday, is re-sponsible for it. THIS is the situation, as it really is to-day in the United States. It is precisely the situation that we have expected, and that we have said would come. We shall have yet much more to say of it : and es-pecially of that which is certainly to come of it. For there are things all-important to come from this, just as certainly as this has come from the National Reform scheme. We knew this was certainly coming from that; and we know that these other things are as certainly coming from this. Again we bespeak a serious consideration of the points presented in this paper, and of those which will follow. For not only is the National Reform com-bination still going on in its blundering blindness, putting yet further power into the hands of Rome, but Rome herself is all zeal and activity to make all her power felt to the utmost. A. T. J. The Kingdom of God in the Earth. WHEN God created this earth and placed man in it, it was in pursuance of his divine purpose to fill it with free moral agents loyal to their Creator. " For thus saith the Lord that created the heavens: God himself that formed the earth and made it; he hath established it, he created it not in vain, he formed it to be inhabited : I am the Lord; and there is none else." Isa. 45 :18. The divine plan necessarily involved human probation; and so, when God had created the world and fitted it for human habitation, he created man also and gave him dominion over the earth. The in-spired record is : " And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our like-ness : and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all  the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him ; male and female created he them. And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruit-ful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth." Gen. 1 : 26-28. This dominion was, of course, to be ex-ercised, subject to the will of God: the earth was, so to speak, to be simply one of the States of the Universe. But Adam lost his dominion by sin Ł and this not in the sense that it reverted to God from whom he received it, but in the sense that by his own act man exchanged the service of God for the service of Satan, and both himself and his dominion passed to the arch enemy by whom he had been over-thrown. For of whom a man is over-come, of the same is he brought in bond-age," * says the inspired word ; and again : " Know ye not that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey ?" f  Adam had abdicated his dominion in favor of Satan, who is, by our Lord himself, three times called "the prince of this world." When man sinned and so became the servant of Satan, it was as though the British East India Company, having re-ceived in 1668 from the British Govern-ment, dominion over the presidency of Bombay, that company had, by yielding obedience to some foreign prince, trans-ferred that authority to him. The allegi-ance of the company and the temporary authority. over Bombay would have vested in that prince as sovereign de facto though not sovereign de jure. The traitorous act of the East India Company could not have given the foreign prince any title to the presidency of Bombay, but it would have given him the dominion, until such time as it should be wrested from him; and if, in this supposed case, the British Government had determined not to use force, but moral suasion only, and not to resume the government of the colony until such time as a sufficient number of the inhabitants returned to their allegi-ance to the British crown of their own free will, we would have a case as nearly as possible analogous to the rebellion of man and the giving of his dominion into the hands of Satan, a foreign prince in rebellion against God. That the earth will be finally wrested from Satan was foretold in the curse pro-nounced by the Lord upon the serpent : " I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head and thou shalt bruise his heel." This seed was Christ; for he is mentioned repeatedly in the promise to Abraham (Gen. 12:7; 13: 15, etc.), and in Gal. 2:16, we are told positively that that seed is Christ; says the apostle: "Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He saith not, And to seeds, as of many; but as of one, And to thy seed, which is Christ." The promise made to Abraham was a promise of this earth. So far as the record in Genesis goes, it might be understood to apply only to the land of Canaan; but in Romans 4:1'3, we have this explicit testi-mony : " For the promise that he should be heir of the world, was not to Abraham *2 Peter 2:19; t Item. 6:16. John 12: 81; 14: 30; and 16:11. or to his seed, through the law, but through the righteousness of faith." This inspired commentary upon the Mosaic record is too plain to be mistaken. Coupled with the text already quoted from Galatians, it means that the world was promised to Abraham through Christ. "And if ye be Christ's," says the apostle, "then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise." Gal. 3 : 29. So that the destruction of Satan's power and the establishment of the everlasting kingdom of God in the earth is a matter of vital interest to every child of God by faith in Christ. But Satan's usurped dominion will not be wrested from him until by moral suasion a sufficient number of the sons and daughters of Adam to people the world have been persuaded to return to allegiance to their Creator. God will have a willing service. It is " the willing and obedient that shall eat the good of the land." God is now visiting the nations " to take out of them a people for his name." When this work shall have been accomplishedŠthen and not till then will Christ receive at his Father's hands the kingdom, and come, crowned " King of kings and Lord of lords." The expression just quoted from Rev. 19: 16, is, by many, supposed to describe Christ at the present time; but that this is a mistake is evident from the Scrip-tures. In Rev. 3 : 21 we have this testi-mony : " To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne." Here are brought to view two thrones namely, the throne of the Father and the throne of the Son. The Father's throne, the one upon which Christ now sits, is in Heb. 4 :16, called, " The throne of grace ; " for it is the throne from which mercy is dis-pensed; says the apostle : " Let us there-fore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need." The word "therefore," in the text just quoted, suggests some special reason for coming to the throne of grace; " it is thus stated in the preceding context : "Seeing then that we have a great High Priest, that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold fast our profession. For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities; but was in all points tempted as we are, yet without sin." Notice, it is because we have a sympathiz-ing High Priest upon that throne that we are exhorted to come to it boldly. Christ sits on his Father's throne as a priest. Says the apostle : " Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens." * And with this agree the words of the prophet: " Thus speaketh the Lords of hosts, saying, Be-hold the man whose name is the BRANCH ; and he shall grow up out of his place, and he shall build the temple of the Lord [the Father] : even he shall build the temple of the Lord [the Father] ; and shall bear the glar-, and shall sit and rule upon his [the Father's] throne; and he shall be a priest upon his [the Father's] throne : and the counsel of peace shall be between them both." t ,This, then, is the position of our Saviour now. He is a priest upon his Father's throne, and the counsel of peace is between them both. " For God so loved * Pleb. 8:1. t Zaeh. 6: 12, 13. 