SEPTEMBER `,M, 1894, A.MEIELICAN SIONTINEL,. 295 of the A. P. A, organization, who, like devil fish, the Writer declares,,  have fas-tened their deadly dItitoh upon the party, He charges that not only have the leaders and the party failed to denounce the schemes of this organization, which has declared war against the fundamental principle of the American Constitution, but have in a complicated manner co-quetted with it, and asks how long self-respecting Catholics will tolerate this thing. In closing he expresses the belief, and emphasizes the hope, that unless some-thing be done-and done quickly-by the Republican leaders to guarantee Catholics against a continuance of the insults, in-justice, and wrong .instigated by intoler-able bigots, it will be the duty of every Catholic in Buffalo-American, Pole, Ger-man, Irish, and Italian-and all through the State and nation, to labor and unite to effect Republican defeat.-Sun of Sept. 7, 1894. Flogging on Sunday in Russia. IN the government of Kursk a peasant lately presented a petition to the Holy Orthodox Consistory asking the reverend and right reverend members of that au-gust body to use their influence to prevent his being flogged on a Sunday. The memorial set forth that he had been ar-rested a fortnight before and flogged for no reason whatever. On inquiring why he had been so badly treated he was in-formed that the punishment had been in-flicted by mistake, but that the " right fel-low" would now get it "all the hotter." He then complained to the authorities and was flogged again for daring to do so, and once more on a Sunday. He would now, humbly request the consistory to take measures to prevent flogging on Sundays, " inasmuch as our holy religion prohibits work ,on the Lord's day." The reply of the consistory has not yet transpired. " Some griefs are med'cinable," but it is a somewhat difficult task to find an appro-priate remedy for a man who has been first flogged by mistake, then flogged for objecting to it, and each time on a Sunday, when lie ought to have been attired in his best clothes, escorting wife and children to church.-Mail and Express, Sept. 8. Leo XIII. and the King. ROME, Sept. 11.-In addition to what has already been reported, Premier Crispi, in his speech at Naples, yesterday, said "Society is passing at the present mo- ment through a grievous crisis. Never more than to-day did we feel the want of seeing the two authorities, civil and reli-gions, marching with one accord to lead the people in the way of justice and charity. From the darkest abysses have arisen an infamous sect which writes on its flag, No God, no master.' United to-day in common recognition of a mem-orable period, let us form in closely serried ranks to combat this monster, inscribing upon our flag the motto, ' Our God, our King, and our country.' Yes, let us raise aloft our flag adorned with this sacred device, displaying it to the people as a sign of salvation, 'In hoc signo vinces.'" LONDON, Sept. 11.-Under the caption, " Pons Pontificis," the Pall Mall Gazette prints an article with the object of show-ing that Premier Crispi is rapidly ap-proaching a reconciliation between the king and the pope. On last Thursday, the article says, Signor Crispi's private secre-tary had a, long interview with Cardinal  Rampolla, the former being the first Ital-ian official who has visited the Vatican since 1870. This visit, the Gazette asserts, began a series of negotiations, the result of which are shown in the pope's prompt establishment of an apostolic prefecture' in Massowah, immediately following which Xing Humbert gave his assent to the ap-pointment of Cardinal Sarto, the pope's nominee, to the office of Patriarch of Venice, concerning which appointment there has been a prolonged disagreement between the Vatican and the Quirinal. The most significant incident of all, however, is the act of Signor Crispi going out of his way in his speech at Naples yesterday, to compliment Cardinal Sanfelice, the Archbishop of Naples, and to summon the Church and the State to join their forces against the common enemy. The presence of Cardinal San-felice on the platform, says the Gazette, betokened the willingness of the pope to come to terms.-New York Sun., Sept. 12. Satolli's Authority Absolute. ROME, Italy, Sept. 6.-The pope is pre-paring an encyclical letter to the bishops and people of the United States. It has been under consideration since the visit of Archbishop Ireland. It will announce the absolute supremacy of the apostolic dele-gate in church matters in the United States, with the simple right of appeal to the pope. The apostolic delegation will take the place of the propaganda fide in directing religious affairs in the United States. The encyclical will not deal with scholastic questions.-Mail and Express, Sept. 6, 1894. Archbishop Hennessey's Vision. I CAN see in a vision the future of America and the Catholic Church, wherein she will be again called the Great Ireland of the West. I can see bishops, priests, monasteries, schools and colleges, all yield-ing their wisdom for the benefit of their host of students, who are coming to this New Ireland as immigrants to Christ. I can see the nations of Europe and Africa all bowing in reverence before the Church of God. I would fain hope for this condition, and love to think of it.-The American. Satolli's Possible Successor. ST. Louis, Sept. 12.-In a private letter from Rome to a prominent ecclesiastic of this city, the statement is made on appar-ently good authority, that if Mgr. Satolli, who has been called to the Vatican, is made a cardinal, he will be succeeded as papal ablegate for the United States by Mgr. Tomnasi, at present sub-secretary of State at Rome. Mgr. Tomnasi was for-merly delegate to Germany, and is 53 years old.-New York Sun, Sept. 13. How a Southern Court Views It. THE supreme court of Alabama has de-cided that the soul is not a legal entity. A resident of Mobile bequeathed $2,000 to be used to obtain masses for the repose of his soul. The heirs objected. The court decreed that the bequest was void because there was no living beneficiary of the trust to execute it and enforce the performance of it, and the soul of the departed was not ans  entity in the contemplation of the law. Moral: Either give while you live or in your will mention some priest or bishop to take charge of the bequest and see that the masses are said.-Pittsburg Catholic, Aug. 30, 1894. BIBLE STUDENTS' LIBRARY. (Order by Number.) No. 1. BIBLE SANCTIFICATION. By Mrs, E. G. White. This is a pamphlet of eighty-four pages, with eleven chapters. It sets forth the Bible doctrine on this subject in contrast with the false theories which are so prevalent, and should be read and circulated everywhere. Price, 10 cents. No. 2. THE ABIDING SABBATH AND THE LORD'S DAY. A pamphlet of 174 pages, by A. T. Jones. Price, 20 cents. No. 3. VIEWS OF NATIONAL REFORM. This is a pamphlet containing the first thirteen numbers of the Sentinel Library. It contains first principles on the subject of Church and State. Price, 15 cents. No. 4. THE SAINTS' himmrrANcE. A pamphlet of eighty-two pages, by J. N. Loughborough. It presents the precious prom-ises of God's Word to his people in regard to the future home of the saved, and God's purpose concerning our work. This is an excellent work. It inspires hope and courage in the hearts of Christian pilgrims. Price, 10 cents. No. 10. SCRIPTURE REFERENCES. This valuable tract has been thoroughly revised. Many Scripture references are given upon all the great leading subjects of the Bible. It is indeed a valuable aid to the study of the Scriptures by subjects. Price, 4 cents. No. 14. THE SUFFERINGS OF CHRIST. By Mrs. E. G. White. This tract portrays with great vividness the scenes in Geth-semane and at Calvary during the last hours of the earth life of the world's Redeemer. This is an excellent tract for the prej-udiced and the unconverted. Price, 4 cents. No. 16. CHRIST IN THE OLD TESTAMENT. By James White. This tract shows the relation which Christ sustained to the work and people of God prior to his first advent, and that men were saved by Christ and the gospel in Old Testament times as well as now. Price, 2 cents. No. 24. IS SUNDAY THE SABBATH ? By M. C. Wilcox. This tract candidly considers all the texts in the New Testament which mention the first day of the week, and enables the reader to study the question in the light of the Scriptures. Price, 1  cent.  2 No.5. THE SANCTUARY AND THE JUDGMENT. By J. N. Andrews. This gives a brief but clear and candid exposition of the subject of the sanctuary and its relation to the Judgment. Price, 2 cents. No. 26. THE SABBATH IN THE NEW TESTAMENT. By James White. This tract presents in a clear and forcible manner the teaching of the New Testament concerning the day to be ob-served as the Sabbath, and the example of Christ and his apos-tles concerning the subject. Price, 2 cents. No. 27. THE BIBLE: ITS INSPIRATION AND IMPORTANCE. By M. C. Wilcox. This is agood tract to place in the hands of the weak and doubting. It shows the purity of Bible teaching, its unity, its impartiality, and its comprehensive nature. Price, 2 cents. No. 31. THE SECOND ADVENT. By James White. This tract shows the manner, object, and nearness of Christ's coming. Price, 4 cents. No. 34. GoD's MEMORIAL. By James White. In this tract are shown the nature and object of a memorial. It presents the Sabbath as God's great memorial of creation, to be ob-served throughout "all generations." A memorial of Christ's resurrection is also considered. Price, 2 cents. No. 36. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES. This excellent tract has been revised up to date, so that the thrilling events of recent years are noted as evidence that the end of all things is at hand. Price, 2 cents. No. 42. Emnu ON THE SABBATH. This is a brief but clear and forcible setting forth of the Bible argument on the Sabbath question. Price, 2 cents. No. 43. THE TEN COMMANDMENTS NOT REVISED. By.  James White. This tract shows the utter fallacy and gross absurdity of the position that the old moral code of ten commandments has been revised. Price, 2 cents. No. 46. WITHOUT EXCUSE. This is a most excellent tract' and deserves a very wide circulatiLin. Price, 1 cent. No. 47. THOUGHTS FOR THE CANDID. By J. N. Andrews. This tract presents the harmony and beauty of the truth iu contrast to the inconsistency of false views based on certain passages of Scripture in regard to man's condition in death, and the fate of the ungodly. Price, 1 cent. No. 48. WHICH DAY Do You KEEP, AND WHY ? By G. W. Amadon. This is a clear, pithy tract, good for busy people. It gives God's answers to man's excuses for not keeping the Sabbath. Price, 1 cent. No. 49. CAN WE KNOW ? This shows that just before the second coming of Christ we may know that his coming is near. Price, 1 cent. No. 50. Is THE END NEAR ? This gives evidence showing that the end of all things is at hand. Price, 1 cent. No. 51. Is MAN IMMORTAL ? This tract presents in a brief and concise manner the Bible doctrine of immortality by means of plain questions and Scripture answers. Price, 1 cent. No. 52. WHY NOT FOUND OUT BEFORE ? This tract shows why the Lord's Sabbath, the seventh day of the week, has been so long neglected and disregarded, and why it is now being proclaimed so widely and so many are beginning its observ-ance. Price, 1 cent. No. 53. THE SABBATH AND THE LAW. By J. N, Andrews. This is a pamphlet of 192 pages, giving an outline of the Biblical and secular history of the Sabbath for 6,000 years. It has ten chapters, and is a work of great importance. Price, 20 cents. Any of the above may be obtained post free on re-ceipt of price by addressing Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal. ; 18 W. Fifth Street, Kansas City, Mo. ; 43 Bond Street, New York City. Works on all phases of Bible truth. Send for catalogue. SN AP A CLIP on your papers and get a handsome bound volume. Trial dozen, '75 cents. Agents wanted. Price-list Free. H. H. BALLARD, 193, Pittsfield, Mass. 