AMERICAN SENTINEL. 483 Between God's science and man's science, there may very easily be a contrast; but with any one who has any respect for God at all, can there ever be any question as to which justly belongs the preference or which shall have precedence? Between divine science and human science there may indeed arise a "conflict;" but in the mind of any one who recognizes God at all and has any respect for him, can there ever be for a moment any question as to which shall surrender or give way? And when such a conflict does arise, and the human refuses to surrender, or give way, to the divine, but continues the conflict, what is that but to argue that the human is greater than the divine, and that therefore the divine must surrender and give way to the human? But for the human to continue a conflict with the divine, and thus to argue th'at the human is greater than the divine, is simply for the human to supplant the divine, and itself set up claim for recognition as such, or else to claim that there is no divinity. And this is the essential defect of the phrase "Science and the Bible": it argues that the Bible is not science, and in that it argues that the Bible is not the knowledge of God, that it is not the product of the divine mindŠin short, it argues that the Bible is not of God. The phrase "Science and the Bible" is therefore infidel on its very face. But the Bible is the knowledge of God. The Bible is a product of the divine mind. It is accumulated and es-tablished knowledge which has been systematized and formulated with reference to principles. It is therefore fully and emphatically science in every true sense of the word. "Lo, I am with you alway, even to the end of the world." "I will never leave thee, nor forsake them." "He that is perfect in knowledgeŠ[science]Šis with thee." "The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge [science]." "If thou criest after knowledge [science], and liftest up thy voice for understanding; if thou seekest her as silver, and searchest for her as for hid treasures; then shalt thou understand the fear of the Lord, and find the knowledge [science] of God." "In God, the Father, and in Christ, are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowl- edge "Šall the treasures of philosophy and science. That is the everlasting truth. And let all the people say, Amen. The Sabbath for Man. Tan following truthful words concerning the Sabbath were uttered by one of the speakers at the late Christian Endeavor convention at San Francisco:Š "The land is full of very queer notions regarding the Sabbath, and many Christians have a vague understand-ing of it. They regard the Sabbath as a Jewish institu-tion just as the Egyptians regarded the Nile as an Egyp-tian river, never thinking that the river was running hundreds of miles before it ever came to Egypt; and so it is with the Sabbath. It was in existence before the  first king was born, before Abraham was born,Šit had existed all along. It passed through Jewish institutionsŁ . . . but it is not at all Jewish. Our Lord himself said that the Sabbath was made for man,Šnot for the Jew, not for the American, but for man wherever found." Sunday-Law Statistics. IN 1894," says the report of the "New York Sab-bath Committee," " out of a total of 98,296 arrests by the police, 582 were for violations of the Sunday stat-utes, exclusive of excise cases. In 1895, out of 112,99T arrests, 1,415 were for similar violations. This increase of arrests was due to the greater efficiency with which all laws began then to be enforced, and in the case of the Sunday arrests, to the efforts to suppress illegal Sunday traffic in stores and by pedlars, on complaint of dealers and employes for the protection of their own right to the Sunday rest. For the first half of 1896, there were 431 arrests for Sunday violations, out of a total of 53,322.T' Thus in the period of time which this report covers there were 2,428 arrests which were entirely needless, and the trouble and expense of whichŠto say nothing of the injury to the victimsŠmight have been avoided but for the idea, handed down from the Dark Ages, that religious, institutions ought to have the "protection" of the civil law. The "Civil Sabbath" "Corpse." THE likening of the "civil sabbath" to a corpse, which would become offensive and demand burial, was a feature of one of the speeches made at the late Christian Endeavor convention in San Francisco. The occasion was a meet-ing of the "Sabbath Observance Committee" of the con-vention at the Central M. E. Church, July 9. Thespeaker Šwho represented Wisconsin in the sabbath observance department of the societyŠsaid:Š "The holiness of the [rest] day is the soul of it. With-out that it becomes a dead corpse, something that will fill the land with poison, and the land would be ready to bury the sabbath whenever the soul is taken from it. We must teach the workingmen of the land that in order to secure the rest part of the day they must keep it holy." Now, as the "civil sabbath" does not pretend to be a holy day, but is simply a rest day or sabbath prescribed by the civil law, it is according to this speaker's language nothing else than a dead corpse, whose burial the land will demand unless it can have a soul put into it to give it life. But the law cannot put a soul into it; the law cannot impart holiness to a day or cause it to be kept holy. All that the law can do is to make the "corpse," which in itself is a menace to the whole land. Is this a proper thing for the law to do? The words of this speaker are true. Holiness is the soul of the Sabbath ; and robbed of this quality it becomes. 