THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 85 quietly in some secluded sea-side garden, medi-tating upon the teachings they have received. The dress parade brings a jarring earthly element into a day that they desire to devote to other things. "Secretary Proctor will be gratefully remem-bered by the defenders of their country when their sabbaths are freed from the intrusion of work, and hearts and heads are swelling with spirituous emo-tions." This first application of the proposed Sunday law shows that the abettors thereof care not how much a man may, by his enforced idleness, be thrown into evil associations. All sins are in their eyes of less magnitude than working on Sunday; and rest on Sunday, even though it be as a result of compulsion, is considered as about all that a man needs to fit him for Heaven. We shall doubtless now have a Christian army. How They Do It. NOT long ago Mr. Crafts appeared before the Federation of Labor, in Washington, D. C., and urged that bo ly to indorse the Sunday-Rest bill. An ex-president of the association said, in the presence of the writer, that Mr. Crafts told them that if they would by vote indorse the measure, that would give him the privilege of adding 15,000 names to the petitions already then se-cured in its behalf. This Federation of Labor is composed of dele-gates from about thirty local trades unions in the district, which the secretary said aggregated a little over 9,000 tradesmen. Yet Mr. Crafts' conscience was elastic enough to permit him to swell that number on his petitions to 15,000 sim-ply by the vote of about fifty delegates, not one of whom was authorized to represent the sentiment of his fellow-tradesmen on that subject. This is a sample, however, of how many of the 6,000,000 names recently presented to Congress by that party were obtained. Why not do a really wholesale job while one is about it, and just send to Congress a petition with 60,000,000 names at-tached, and so close up the work at one stroke? You smile. But that would be just about as consistent as the way they are now doing, and a great deal cheaper and quicker. J. 0. C. Washington, D. C. Ł 4' The Papacy in Canada. REFERENCE has been made in these columns to the arrogance of Cardinal Tashchereau in de-manding a seat by the side of the throne at the opening of the Canadian Parliament. But this is only a part of his ways. A dispatch from Quebec to the New York Times, dated February 2, says ;Š " The influence which the Church of Rome has acquired over the Legislature of this province would astonish an outsider. The simplest measure is not sure of becoming law unless the Government can certify that it has received the sanction of Cardinal Tashchereau." The dispatch says that on Wednesday, the 30th of January, in three cases bills were pre-sented to the Legislature with the assurance that the bills had received the sanction of the Cardinal, and even in the case of an act providing for the registration of births, marriages, and deaths, which had repeatedly been asked for by the Board of Health of the province, when the act was pro-posed the Government took the pains to announce that it had been approved by the Cardinal and his bishop. Further, the account says:Š "It was proposed to come to the assistance of the farmers whose grain had been destroyed by the wet weather of last fall, and the Premier prom-ised that if a committee was formed, with the Cardinal for chairman, to distribute the funds, the Government would contribute liberally. The church in its turn sometimes treats the Govern-ment in a cavalier style. The Premier last year wished to compromise with the Jesuits, who have always been his staunch supporters, on their claim to be compensated for the estates of the order which had been confiscated by the imperial Gov-ernment, when the order died out in 1800. He proposed to give them $400,000, which they were ready to accept, but the Cardinal intervened,. and claimed the money on behalf of the Catholic uni-versities on the ground that the order of Jesus had been excommunicated by the Pope, and had died out, and that the Jesuits of to-day were not their legal heirs. "Finally the Legislature paid over $400,000 to the order of the Pope, to be distributed as he saw fit. The bill was sanctioned by the Dominion Gov-ernment a few days ago, and the Premier tele-graphed the fact to Cardinal Simeoni, asking him at the same time what distribution the Pope pro-posed to make. An answer was received to the effect that the Provincial Government would be notified through the proper channel." Since this dispatch was published we have seen it stated that a strong demand was being made upon the Canadian Parliament to have it reverse its action in paying this $400,000. But how is it going to do that without the Cardinal's ap-proval? And assuredly the Cardinal would never approve such a thing as that. More than this! If it should do it without the Cardinal's approval the Pope has the money, and the Cana-dian Parliament may vote till doom's day that it will not pay it, and it will amount to nothing. The Pope has the money; and that is the last that the Canadian Parliament or the Canadians will ever see of it. Washington and Constitutional Relig-ious Liberty. THE following extract from the "History of the Great Republic" (pp. 528, 529), by Jesse T. Peck, D. D., is sent us by a friend:Š "The Constitution of the United States was adopted in 1787. Immediately thereafter (March, 1788) the Virginia Baptist General Commit-tee took up the question for discussion, whether the new Federal Constitution, which had now lately made its appearance in public, made suffi-cient provision for the secure enjoyment of relig-ious liberty. After full investigation, it was unanimously agreed that it did not. The committee then consulted with Mr. Madison as to what could be done in the case, who recom-mended them to address General Washington upon the subject. They also sought the co-oper. ation of the Baptists in the other States of the Union, and sent out Elder John Leland as their representative, who secured their cordial co-oper-ation. The sixth article in the new Constitution read : No religious test shall ever be reqUired as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States.' In August, 1789, the Bap-tists sent a well-digested and formal address to Washington on the subject, by a delegation from their body. He pronounced their position right, and the next month he carried through Congress this amendment : Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof.' This is a part of our present Constitution. The correspondence  on that occasion is worthy of the men whom it immortalizes on both sides. The Baptists said to Washington: ' When the Constitution first made its appearance in Virginia, we, as a society, had unusual strugglings of mind, fearing that the lib-erty of conscience, dearer to us than property or life, was not sufficiently secured. Perhaps our jealousies were heightened by the usage we re-ceived in Virginia under the royal Government, when mobs, fines, bonds and prisons were our frequent repast.' To which the President re-plied : If I could have entertained the slightest apprehension that the Constitution framed by the convention, when I had the honor to preside, might possibly endanger the religious rights of any ecclesiastical society, certainly I would never have placed my signature to it, and if I could now conceive that the general Government might ever be so administered as to render the liberty of con-science insecure, I beg you will be persuaded that no one would be more zealous than myself to establish effectual barriers against the horrors of spiritual tyranny and every species of religious persecution." A Temperate Protest. THE following protest was adopted by unani-mous vote of a large congregation assembled in Aurora, III., February 3. It is temperate in its language, and we do not see how anybody can dissent from its statements without convicting himself of bigotry:Š To the Hon. Senate and House of Representatives of the U. S. CongressŠ The rights of conscience are inherent, inaliena-ble, above and beyond all compacts and statutes. They are not and cannot be subjects of legislation. The right of free thought, speech, and action on all subjects of belief, limited only by the same right in others, is absolute in every intelligent being. Any abridgement of that right, followed to its logi-cal sequences, will destroy society itself. The great and only object of government is the enforcement, not the abridgement, of personal rights. Religion has only to do with man's conscience. It is entirely beyond the jurisdiction of the State. It does not belong to the State to fix and enforce penal sanctions for the violation of laws and obliga-tions, which it did not and cannot create, or for which no authority is conferred. The powers of the United States Government are purely secular. The Constitution prohibits expressly the right to pass any law respecting the establishment of any form of religion. We, the citizens, assembled in mass-meeting at Aurora Turner Hall, in Chicago, therefore most earnestly enter our protest against the passage of the law entitled, "A bill to secure to the people the enjoyment of the first day of the week, com-monly known as the Lord's day, as a day of rest, and to promote its observance as a day of religious worship," and against the adoption of an amend-ment to the Constitution, which compels each State to provide for the education of all children of the age from 6 to 16 years, in the several branches of science, in virtue, morality, and in the principles of the "Christian religion," both of which bills have been introduced in the Senate of the United States by Senator Blair, of New Hampshire; be-cause these bills establish a certain form of relig-ion, by selecting and enforcing the religious ob-servance of a particular day, and because they prescribe the "Christian religion" as the standard of virtue, morality, and popular education. This would be a clear case of the exercise of powers not conferred by the Constitution to either House of our National Legislature. "The early settlers came from Europe to seek freedom for themselves, and then inconsistently de-nied it to others, for fear of losing the monopoly."---Schaff. 