148 AMERICAN SENTINEL. For answer I reply: There stands dear old Baltimore to-day, in all her pristine beauty! The equal of any city in the world for orderliness and for the enjoyment by her citizens of knowledge, virtue, religion, civilization, advancement and prosperity. She has only one draw-back; that is, in having more than her fair share of anatics, who are a drag upon the wheels of progress. "'A few years passed on, and then about eight or nine years ago, a crusade was started similar to the present one. The fanatics induced the Police Board to put in operation the old Sunday Blue Laws. The battle waged fiercely for a few weeks, when it was found that the laws were out of harmony with the spirit of the age, and could not be enforced. Excitement subsided; the ministers ceased from troubling, and the people were at rest. But, as a result, a large number of poor people were ruined, many others were injured, law and religion were brought into contempt, and an antagonism was created to the Methodist religion which has not died out to this day. "'A similar crusade was commenced in Baltimore a `few weeks ago. We have had some heavy fighting, and a large number of worthy citizens have been severely injured, but, fortunately, the battle was started while you gentlemen were sitting, and so we come to you for 'relief. The Sunday Blue Laws are like a bludgeon in the hands of the ministers, a bludgeon that is a menace to our just rights.' "Conrad Zeiger said the ministers were asking the enforcement of a law which had been on the statute books for over 160 years. It had been enforced only once or twice in the last 18 yearsŠeight years ago and now. That it was objectionable was shown by the fact that it lasted only two weeks, and then was again laid on the shelf. "'You cannot legislate souls into heaven,' said the speaker, 'nor can you legislate people into the churches. Whether a man buys, sells, or smokes a cigar on Sun- day, attends church or reads the Sunday paper, is a matter determined by individual conscience. For vir- tue's sake too much zeal may be hadŠthe course of madness is a saint run mad. I admit some evil may be practised, using the cigar store for a screen, that is a form of hypocrisy not confined to the tobacco business, but exists from the amen corner to the penny shop in the alley, and therefore should not degrade Christianity nor interfere with a legitimate business. Let us dis-claim that we all are dominated by that beautiful coup-let which was quoted when here last:Š "The little copper penny And the little silver dime Make the mighty dollar We are chasing all the time." "'I might with equal justice add: "It's the precious greenback And the fat old envelope That give the preachers eloquence And their ideas little scope." "'It is deplorable that so much enthusiasm should be aroused on the Sunday law, and so little concern manifested even by the ministers in the interest of measures of vital, moral, and religious importance which lie not only at the foundation of our city and  State, but the entire nation. Why not preach and wax eloquent in the interest of a uniform divorce law, the protection of children who are sweating and retrograd-ing in factories. Abolish your choir-singers and praise God freely, liberally, and with devotion.' "Edward Kines concluded the speech-making. He acknowledged he had been engaged as an attorney to represent the friends of modification. He held that the preachers had no more right to dictate as to what he should do on Sunday than they had to dictate thecloth he should wear. The city of Baltimore was orderly, be-cause the present law had never been enforced. Enforce it, and the people would become scoffers at religion. The law prohibits the editing or sale of newspapers, and yet there was not a minister within the reach of his voice who had not invited a reporter to his church to take down his sermon. (Laughter.)" The bill was made a special order for the hour fol-lowing the hearing, but the lawmakers seemed to be confused and desirous of "washing their hands" of the whole matter. A thousand men about equally divided standing over themŠin some instances on their desks and in their chairsŠeach faction demanding legislation favorable to their side of the question. Doubtless to avoid the rabble and probable trouble, the bill was made a special order for two days later. The perplexity seemed to increase with time, and the "washing" pro-cess was culminated in a vote "to table," and the Sun-day law left as it was before. Many of the delegates in explaining their votes fa-voring "tabling" the bill expressed a willingness to vote for a liberal Sunday law for the city of Baltimore, and Mr. Sanford gave notice that he would introduce a local Sunday bill for Baltimore in a few days. D. W. REAVI8. Why Sunday Laws are Wanted. IN The Defender, a  New England magazine which advocates the enforced observance of Sunday, the Rev. A. H. Plumb, D. D., states this as the purpose of Sab-bath rest:Š "What is meant by 'not any work'Š'In it thou shalt not do any work?' Is 'not any work' the end, or the means to the end? Rest is good, but it is a negative good. It is not good enough to be the sole, or the chief, or more than a subordinate end of such a Word of God as the fourth commandment.'! Rest being then only a subordinate end, what is the primary end which is served by the securing of rest. He says:Š "A civil rest-day in itself is a great good, even for those who desire and get nothing more; but it is chiefly desirable because it gives better opportunity to keep the day holy unto the Lord." Now The Defender advocates the securing of Sunday rest by law; it wants Sunday rest enforced upon all the 