256 THE AIVIERICA.N SENTINEL. voL. 6, No. 32. NEW YORK, AUGUST 13, 1891, NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IT is said that reports from " Sabbath observance" societies in France and Italy show a change in the conduct of English travelers in regard to Sabbath observance. They are beginning to adopt the lax Con-tinental customs, and to regard with in-difference the character and claims of the day. "GOVERNMENTS must be liberal enough," says Judge Zane, "to tolerate all relig-ions." The Judge forgets that " what other nations call religious toleration we call religious rights." Government has nothing to do in tolerating religion. That which government merely tolerates it may prohibit. Governments should keep their hands off religion because of the fact that they can properly have nothing whatever to do with it. THE following from the Catholic Re-view is significant :Š Commissioner Morgan has so successfully fought Catholic public opinion during the last two years as to feel strong enough to break openly with the Catholic body in America. His refusal to deal with the Indian bureau can be taken this way. President Harrison and his party are no doubt pre-pared to suffer the odium which this commission-er's policy has won for them among Catholics; still we are not certain of this. At the banquet tendered to Mr. Clarkson a few days ago, that gen-tleman spoke with enthusiasm of the Irish-Ameri-cans who were naturally Republicans, and of the necessity of bringing them into the Republican fold. Mr. Clarkson will find Morgan in his way. No Catholic vote should be placed for an administra-tion and a party which put Morgan and Dorchester in office, and so favored the bigotry of these two worthies as to let their anti-Catholic policy not only have a beginning, but reach a sort of ma-turity.. We can understand the difficulty which the President might have in completely extinguish-ing these worthy evangelical officials; but we can not see what difficulty he meets in restraining their ardor and snuffing out their bigoted policy, And, by the way, where have been all this time the worthy Catholics of Republican politics, who are always so eager to show that their party is not hostile to Catholicity ? Perhaps the great Arch-bishop of St Paul can tell us. Just how the Catholic vote will relate itself to the present administration or to the party now in power, is a matter of small moment. The words of the Review are significant because they reveal a grow-ing disposition to unite religion and pol-itics, and that not in the sense that the Christian voter should act honestly be-vause he is a Christian, but in the sense  that he will support only that party which will show favori to his particular church, or to his particular religion. Nor is this tendency confined to the Roman Catholic Church. Protestants are adopting the same tactics, and are threat-ening with political death every man in public life who refuses to do the bidding of certain organizations which have as-sumed to themselves the responsibility of dictating the morals of their neighbors. Ł Ł  THE new Spanish labor bill provides that all contracts for labor must be under-stood to contain prohibition of work not only on Sundays, but on all feast days as well. This makes about ninety holidays a year. The bill provides penalties for employers and employes alike for viola-tions 'of the law. Exemptions are how-ever provided for persons declaring -that they do not belong to the State religion. Its framers must have been studying the Blair Sunday rest bill. Their provisions are- quite similar. CHIEF JUSTICE CHASE once said: " The wicked men are not in the penitentiaries; they are in the churches." And indeed it does seem so when we stop to consider the spirit manifested by some of the leading spirits in some of the so-called moral re-forms of the day. With Nation'al Re-formers and Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union speakers, and American Sab-bath Union orators breathing out cruelty and threatening bloodshed if their de-mands are not speedily crystallized into law, it does seem that the modern Church has apostatized from Christ, and has be-come, as foretold in Rev. 18 : 2, "the habi-tation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and the cage of every unclean and hateful bird." Certain it is that the spirit of National Reform and American Sabbath Unionism is the very opposite of the spirit of Jesus Christ, for it is the spirit of force while his is the spirit of love and persuasion. THE Christian Advocate, of this city, in common with most of the religious press of the country, is ashamed of the persecution of R. M. King, by means of the iniquitous Sunday law of Tennessee; but instead of coming out boldly and de-nouncing the outrage, the Advocate says : King, a Seventh-day Adventist, ostentatiously plowed on Sunday, in Tennessee. He war con-victed of. Sabbath-breaking. This is unworthy of the Advocate. The fact is that King's Sunday work was done as quietly and as privately as it was pos-sible to do it, and all the circumstances surrounding the case show that it was a case of religious persecution ,pure and simple. King's offense was not that he plowed on Sunday, but that he did not plow or do any work on Saturday. Nu-*  morons 'other persons in:-the same neigh-borhood have always worked on.Supday when they chose so to do, and nothing has ever been said or done about it; nor was King molested until he commenced to observe another ' day. The Advocate should have respect unto the ninth com-mandment and net add to the injury al-ready done Mr. King by bearing false wit-ness against him for the purpose of de-priving him of the sympathy which is justly his. FORGETTING for the moment that the Protestant churches, under the leadership of the American Sabbath Union and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, have virtually gone into politics, the Christian Advocate says;Š Churches make bad work for the cause of Christ when they go into politics. The Catholic Review strenuously advocates the formation of a Catholic party to operate in political affairs in the interests of that denomination. What argument can be produced in favor of a Catholic party which might not also be used in favor of a Methodist party ? The church which can afford to organize its mem-bers for political purposes has low aims, and is likely to reach them. This is just what THE SENTINEL has been saying for years, but the organiza-tion for political purposes has gone on just the same in all the great Protestant bodies of this country, and even bloodshed is threatened in case the legislation of the country is not modeled according to the demands of the great party of " Christian voters." " IT is remarkable news in our cable dispatch," says the Sun, " that the British Wesleyan Conference had passed a full hour in praying for the conversion of the Prince of Wales. Among all the criti-cisms that have yet been made upon the Prince, this is the criticism that he will be likely to feel the most keenly." That which above all things else makes this re-markable is the fact that there is nothing but a life, which already exceeds the three score and ten years, between the Prince of Wales and the throne of Great Britain and the headship of two great Protestant churches, namely, the established Churches of England and Scotland. But such in-congruities are inherent in Church and State unions. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIRET-PAOR WEEKLY JOURNAL, DZVOTIED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Ccinstitution as it is, so far as regardS religion or religious tests, and the mainte- - nance of human rights, both civil and ' religious. Pr will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to tending toward a union of Church and State, eitherin name or inŁfact Single CopyiPer Year, post-paidi$1.00 In clubs of "2 to 100 civic's, per year,. each, - - - - - 90c.,  In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - ŁBs. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York, 