386 AMERICAN SENTINEL. been written, and independence would not have been at-tempted. Why celebrate a day which stand's for that which is not held to by Americans of to-day? The government of Great Britain was imperial; and being such, it was oppressive. That oppression was felt by the people of the American colonies. Now that Amer-icans are again under an imperial government, why should not the Fourth of July pass as it did prior to 1776? Independence Day was not designed to celebrate the transfer of imperial government from the shores of Eng-land to those of America; and unless somet hing far more than that remains to day for the benefit of the people, there remains no point in the observance of the Fourth. Sunday Enforcement is Ruinous. THE leaders in the Sunday movement make one of the foundation claims of their work "the preservation of society, the State, the nation." It is for this that they insist upon the enactment of Sunday laws. Accordingly they are always calling for more Sunday laws. It mat-ters not what far-reaching Sunday laws may be already on the statute books, they calf for still more Sunday laws, and the more vigorous enforcement of them all round. Yet this whole thing is one of the most pernicious of fallacies. It is not only such pernicious fallacy in princi-ple; but it has been abundantly demonstrated to be such in practice. Every point advocated by the Sunday-law workers to day has been weighed in the balances of practice and of experience; and has been found utterly wanting. The whole thing has been tested on a world-theater, and has been found absolutely vain and ru-inous. The greatest example of national ruin, the most complete destruction of the State, the most thorough annihilation of society, that has ever been seen on this earth, occurred where there were the most and the most far-reaching Sunday laws. That was in the Western Empire of Rome. In A. D. 313 the Western Empire became "Christian." In 314 the first State favor was shown for Sunday. In 321 the first direct Sunday law was enacted. And so it went on with one Sunday law after another, till by 425 every kind of secular work or amusement was strictly forbidden on Sunday. By that time, too, wickedness and corruption of every sort had multiplied in this "Chris-tian" empire to such an extent that the judgment of God in destruction had already begun to fall un-checked. In 351 the Franks and Alemanni swept like a fire, a space of one hundred and twenty miles from the source to the mouth of the Rhine. In 400-403 the Visigoths carried destruction and  devastation through Roumania and into Italy as far as to Milan. In 405-29 a mighty host of Suevi, Vandals, and Burgundians ravaged Italy as far as to Florence, the greater part of Gaul, all, of Spain and all of Africa to Carthage. In 408-419 the Visigoths overflowed the whole of Italy, all southwestern Gaul and all of Spain. In 449 the Angles and Saxons entered Britain and never rested until "the arts and religion, the laws and language, which the Romans had so carefully planted in Britain, were extirpated;" nor until "the practice and even the remembrance of Christianity were abolished." In 451-453 the Huns under Attila carried fire and slaughter, from the Danube to Chalons, and to Milan. In 453 the Ostrogoths took possession of the prov-ince of Pannonia, and the Lombards of Noricum. In 476 Odeaur and his barbarian followers took pos-session of Italy and abolished the office of emperor of the West: and the Western empire of RomeŠthe State, and even societyŠhad been swept away by ruin upon ruin. Ł And that was the "Christian" empire of Rome. That was the empire that had exhausted the subject of Sun-day laws and enforced Sunday observance. That was the State that had done all this on behalf of the king-dom of God, and for the preservation and even the sal-vation of the State. There is not a method of Sunday enforcement either mild or cruel that has not been in that "Christian" Ro-man Empire. There is not a phase of Sunday laws that has not been employed by the clerical managers of af-fairs in that "Christian" Roman State. There is noth-ing on that subject left by those, for the Sunday-law clergy of to-day to discover. And the Sunday-law clergy of to-day must hide their eyes not only from the princi-ples, but also from the practical effects of Sunday legis-lation of every kind, before they can go on in their perni-cious Sunday-law course. For, pernicious that course is even to the ruin of the greatest nation and state in the world. This has been thoroughly demonstrated to the last detail. And in the demonstration it has been made plain that enforced Sunday observance is the worst thing that can ever be put upon a nation or practiced in society. A. T. J. AN exchange published in Kansas City, Mo., prints this item:Š "At the National Reform Presbyterian Synod, Mon-day, June 5th, certain causes for fasting were specified. Among them are the following: The continued failure of our beloved land to make the needed constitutional ac-knowledgments of God, his Christ and his law. That the President of the United States, though a member of the Christian Church, made no reference to Christ in the Thanksgiving proclamation." 