764 AIVIEMCAN SENTINEL. Ł securing a hundred or more men who will push the work:  of compelling the city authorities to execute the Sunday laws against 'laundries,' Jewish clothing stores, and similar 'small fry.' Nothing appeared in his plans touch-ing the agitation of the fundamental issues of the Sab-bath question." There is renewed activity all over the country in agitating for a more rigid enforcement of laws, for the observance of Sunday. * * * ONE would almost think. from reading what is said by "patriotic" clergymen and others in reference to the late war, that the Almighty is enrolled in the military and naval forces of the nation. And all civilized nations appear to be equally sure that the Almighty is on their side. But the Omnipotent never joins any side. He only invites all men to join his side. THE mistake that is made by modern reformers, said the Rev. W. M. Lawrence (Baptist) at a meeting of Chi-cago ministers, is that "they create great agitations re-garding rum-selling and gambling, and endeavor to have laws made and enforced against these evils, without in reality making one man or woman better or more able to withstand temptation than he would be if there were no such laws enforced. The place to begin is with the individual. When you have made a sufficient number of individuals better you have removed just that number from the evil influences which are so loudly decried." This is sound doctrine. The remedy, if it is to be effective, must be applied where the evil begins, which is in the individual heart. ALTHOUGH but a few months ago no one in America dreamed that the United States would occupy the posi-tion as a world power that it does to-day, it is coming to be counted as an offense but little short of treason to advocate a continuance of the national policy that has been followed up to the time of the war with Spain. The Rev. Dr. Parkhurst, for uttering the words printed by us last week, warning against a departure from the princi-ples of Government advocated in the 'Declaration of In-dependence and the Constitution, provoked a storm of hostile criticism from his brother clergymen, one of them going so far as to say that "If Dr. Parkhurst and Pro-fessor Norton talked in any other nation during a war as they had in this, they would have been tried for high treason." All this smacks of the despotic systems of the Old World, and is very significant. THE Evening Star, Washington, D. C., reports that a Catholic monastery is in process of erection in a sub-urb of that city,Šthe first of its kind to be erected in this, country. It will be an imposing structure, and will haveŁ a chapel or church in close connection with it. It will be-under the control of the "Franciscan Fathers of the Holy Land." The church is described as being remarkable for its "underground shrines and passages." The under-ground portion of Catholic churches and other edifices are usually well filled with rooms which are intended for uses that will not bear the test of public inspection. * * * ONE hundred pounds of earth from Jerusalem, gath-ered in the Garden of Gethsemane, recently came into the Chicago customs house, says the Chicago Times-Herald, 'brought in by an "eminent commander" of a Chicago Masonic order. The purpose of this remarkable'impor-tation is that members of this Order may have "holy dust" sprinkled on their biers after they are dead. The idea, it is said, "is destined to receive much attention all over the country and to be looked upon with great favor." This is all very fitting for a society which lives upon forms and ceremonies, and for such only. There is no holiness apart from God, and no ground was ever holy save as it was made so by his presence. PROFESSOR GOLDWIN SMITH, Toronto, gives his view of American imperialism, as exemplified in the trans-action relating to the Philippines, in the following:Š "It is edifying to mark how frankly the Spanish colonies are treated by the American jingoes as prizes captured in war, with which they are at liberty to deal just as they think fit, without the smallest regard for the rights or wishes of the native populations. The eight millions of Filipinos, who have been in arms for their own liberation, are regarded as part of the booty, to be kept, sold or transferred, just as the interest of the captor may dictate; yet the war was commenced with the most solemn disavowals of aggrandizement." * * * * * THE editor of a Seventh-day Baptist paper reports that "A conversation with the secretary of the Philadel-phia 'Sabbath Association,' after the public meeting, re-vealed the fact that he 'is hoping' to find three men in each of certain districts of the city who will unite, thus THE Chicago Times-Herald says that "the United States Government has still a large missionary work to perform in Cuba, and that is to teach the Cuban army first, and the Cuban people afterward, that a military government is not an acceptable substitute for repub- 