232 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL.. VoL. 6, No. 29. NEW YORK, JULY 23, 1891. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. MR. MOODY thinks that the best way to induce people to go to church is to " do away with Sunday newspapers and give the people a chance to attend." In the fourth century the bishops said: Close the Sunday theaters and the people will resort to the churches. Ł -4- So far is National Reform from taking a summer vacation that it is utilizing the season to the utmost, transforming the various Chautauquas into training schools for National Reform workers. Never in the history of the world were the enemies of religious liberty so universally active as now. A PUBLIC meeting, said to have num-bered three thousand persons, has been held at Ramsgate, England, in favor of " Sunday Observance," at which the mag-istrates were called upon to interdict all street cries and public noise on Sundays, to close the fish market, and stop the ex-cursions from London. Advices do not state what influence, if any, the recom-mendation of the meeting had with the authorities. THE American Sabbath Union had a special representative at the Christian Endeavor Convention at Minneapolis. As a result several meetings were held in the interest of legal Sunday observance, at one of which a resolution was passed looking to the " securing of speedy action from our State Christian Endeavor Unions to bear upon their several commissioners in favor of closing the World's Fair on Sunday." The Christian Endeavor So-cieties little realize that they are becoming a vast National Reform kindergarten. Al,  Ł THE Catholic Review remarks that Catholic educators and others interested in the peaceful settlement of the present difficulties of popular education will find matter for useful dis-cussion in the fact that five Catholic high schools in the State of New York are now integral parts of the State University. And we may reasonably conclude that the end is not yet. The State and the Church are already in partnership in a good many ways in the State of New York. Every year millions of dollars are paid to various religious institutions, and for years the  matter has been a bone of contention be-tween Catholics and Protestants. The strife has however not been for principle, but for State cash. The contest has been sharp, but the only question has been, Who should have the lion's share of the spoil ? THE Liquor Dealers' Association of Nor-folk, Virginia, have joined hands with the Sabbath Union and National Reform-ers in enforcing the Sunday laws. They have given notice that detectives employed by them have reported several parties selling liquor on Sunday, also that wit-nesses have been secured, and that com-petent counsel will be immediately em-ployed to prosecute these Sabbath breakers among their number. So another organ-ization must be added to the long list of those affiliated with the National Reform party,Šthe Liquor Dealers' Association of Norfolk, Virginia. Ł  THE City Council of Utica, New York, recently suspended the ordinance forbid-ding Sunday baseball, and again at a sub-sequent meeting reconsidered their action. As reported, the aldermen seem to have been mainly influenced in this course by the religious feeling and sentiment of fellow-townsmen and church members, instead of a considerate investigation of the civil principles involved. Among all the instances of the agitation of this Sun-day question but one City Council has yet discussed the matter as becomes intelligent men and responsible law-makersŠthat of the city of Bradford, Pennsylvania. THE article " Explorations," which ap-pears on another page of this paper, is from the Christian Nation, of July 8, and is a complete refutation of the constitu-tional arguments of the Sabbath Unionist and the National Reformers. It is a knock-down blow from their own ranks. Let them all come frankly forward now and acknowledge that it is their intent to sub-vert the Constitution and present form of Government of the United States, and establish in the place of this "purely sec-ular Constitution," which "has no supe-rior among the nations," a government by religious dogma. The candid among the National Reformers are not attempting to escape from this inevitable dilemma. There are but two errors noticeable in the article, one of omission and the other of misstatement. The first exists in the failure to show that Sunday and other religious laws had no more place in the State statutes after the adoption of this " purely secular Constitution " than laws concerning the succession to the throne, for they were a survival of the English union of Church and State; and the other is in the next to the last paragraph where it is said, if "the people of this country were suddenly changed into followers of  the Prophet of Medina it would not ne-cessitate any change in the supreme law of the land.' To the enemies of the Naz-arene this is its glory." This last sentence should read, " To the enemies of the Naz-arene this is confusion:" It ought not to take much study of Christ's words to prove this to every one who desires to practice the Golden Rule. How much more then should they understand it who wish to be counted devout followers of the humble Nazarene ? THE Industrial Brotherhood of Canada demand among other things "that voting at elections shall be obligatory, no person to have more than one vote, and that the present system of canvassing the elector-ate be abolished, and it shall be an offense punishable by law to solicit a vote or in any way to try to influence the decision of a voter." Nothing could be more ut-terly destructive of liberty than this. Some people, as for instance the Reformed Presbyterians in this country, think it wrong to vote. It is their privilege not to do so. Again, to forbid all efforts to influence voters would destroy at once all liberty to discuss political subjects either by voice or pen. Every political speech and every political newspaper article is an attempt to influence voters; and liberty to exert such influence is absolutely es-sential to free government. Ł  CONTRARY to general expectation, Sun-day closing of saloons has not reduced drunkenness in Los Angeles, California. On the contrary it seems to have the op-posite effect. A dispatch from that city, dated July 5, and published in the San Francisco Chronicle, says :Š During the past few months, in which the Sun-day saloon closing ordinance has been in effect, the police report that drunkenness has largely in-creased. Last month there were one hundred and two arrests for this cause, a greater number than in any month during the past three years. Most of these arrests were made on Sunday. Commenting upon this an Oakland pa-per remarks that " Sunday-law agitators are wont to frequently tell us that we can do as much in six days by resting Sunday as we could to work the entire seven; and it will be demonstratedŠwe wish to their satisfactionŠthat when Sunday is made a day of enforced idleness, as much whisky will be sold in six days as otherwise would be in seven." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN FIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $ 1 0o In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries,-single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New TO*, 