',IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD."  Vol. 11, No. 10. NEW YORK, MARCH 5, 1896. Price, three cents.      American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY No. 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. CALVIN P. SOLLMAN, ALONZO T. JONES, Ł - - EDITORS LEON A. SMITH, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. THE POWER OF THE REFORMATION. THE weapons of Christian " warfare are not carnal, bat mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds."' When the gospel commission was given, eighteen hundred years ago, to a handful of despised Jews, Rome ruled the world; and it was a capital offense to introduce into that empire any new religion. The gospel commission challenged, there-fore, the authority of the Ca sacs. It said: " Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature." Rome said: "Whoever introduces new religions, . . . shall, if belonging to the higher rank, be banished; if to the lower, punished with death."'  But Christ said, " Go;" and his followers obeyed. He organized no army to accompany 2 Cor. 10:4. For all other foot notes see next page,  them; he provided no safe-conduct bearing the seal of the empire; he simply said: "Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world."' It was the word of God against the powers of earth; and that word which "is quick [living], and powerful, and sharper than any two-edged sword,"5  " went forth conquering, and to conquer." As the powers of earth had persecuted the Master, so they also persecuted his servants. As foretold by the Saviour, the world hated them even as it hated him. The author-ity of Rome, wielding fire and sword, was repeatedly invoked against the gospel and those who proclaimed it; but its progress was irresistible. The more Rome opposed the truth the more it spread. " The blood of the martyrs was the seed of the Church." At last " Christianity" ascended the throne of the Cnsars and swayed the scepter of the world; but it was no longer the Christianity of Christ. His weapons " are not carnal, but mighty through God." But now the Church relinquished " the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God,"' and seized a material sword. She had exchanged the power of God for the power of the State, and in so d,ing had apos-tasized from Christ. From century to century a worldly church, living in adul-terous union with the kings of the earth, lending herself to their ambi-tiŁ ns and receiv-ing in return such power as they had to give, sank deeper and deeper into the slough of spir- . itual darkness; until at the close of the fifteenth century she made merchandize of the grace of God and waxed rich from the sale of indulgencies, issuing licenses to sin' and granting "pardon" for money! Notwithstanding Peter's rebuke  to Simon, the sorcerer,' the gift of God was offered in exchange for filthy lucre. And then came the Reformation. It was Ilartin Luther. not a schism in the Roman Catholic Church; it was not a revolt against the pope of Rome; it was not primarily even an effort to attain to purity of doctrine: it was a return to the simplicity of the gospel, the acceptance of " the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe." " Martin Luther's soul, panting after God even as the " hart panteth after the water brooks,"" failing to find him in penances, discerned him in the still small voice which whispers, " Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved." ' That moment the Reformation began in his own heart, and the story of his experience welling up to his lips and flowing from his tongue proved to be to other thirsty souls the same gospel message given by the apostles fifteen centuries before, and the same divine power was in it. As depicted in our illustration, the wrath of evil men was stirred, but God overruled it for his glory. The divine word was fulfilled: "Surely the wrath of man shall praise thee: the remainder of wrath shalt thou restrain."" The clenched fist might be thrust forth, but it touched not the devoted preacher of the gospel of justification by faith; the half-drawn sword clung, as it were, to the scabbard; the hand that grasped the murderous knife seemed Preaching the Gospel in the Time of the Reformation. 