128 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American $entinel. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 24, 1898. A HEARING on the proposed District Sunday Bill, which has been for some time before Congress, has been set for February 25. Miss FRANCES WILLARD, president of the World's W. C. T. U., died at a hotel in this city on the morning of February 18, from the effects of an attack of grippe. No,  clearer proof that militarism s despotism could be furnished than that afforded by the facts which come to light in connection with the Zola trial in Paris. A republic, plus mili-talrism, equals a despotism. We want no militarism here. FOR the loss of two hundred and fifty-three brave lives, and the dark tragedy which has cast its shadow over the nation and pierced with a darker sorrow many family circles, every patriotic heart now beats in sadness and sympathy. The shadow of war is dark enough, even in time of peace. ŁLet us hope that its hor-rors may not be extended further. A BILL is before Congress, and has already passed the House, to pay $288,000 indemnity to the agents of the Methodist Book Concern of Nash-ville, Tenn., for damages occasioned by the occupancy of their buildings by the Federal troops during the war. It is not denied that the buildings had previously been used by the Con-federate authorities for the manufac-ture of arms and for printing litera-ture to further the cause of secession. The "Methodist Church South," it is well known, was in sympathy Łwith the South during the war. Hence the claim that seems now likely to be honored by Congress rests solely upon the ground that the Concern was a religious institution. Congress is asked to do for such an institution what it would not do for a secular institution. It is a perfectly plain case of state aid to sectarianism; but'  unfortunately the minds of many leg-islators are so befogged by prece-dents which overstep the dividing line-  between church and state, that they are slow to see and follow right principles in such cases. BISHOP POTTER is quoted as having expressed the following as his senti-ments in reference to the incident of the DeLome letter, which has lately engaged the attention of this Gov-ernment and of Spain:Š "I happen to know the gentleman. He is courteous and agreeable, but he has made a grievous mistake, and there is but one course for either country to pursue. The head of the government has been criticised, and there must be some public acknowl-edgment or apology by Spain. That letter was a terrible mistake, and De Lome's resignation does not release Spain from an apOlogy nor this country from demanding one. It is not now a question of individuals, but of governments." Is Bishop Potter aware that "this is a Christian nation " ? or does he believe that it is good Christian con-duct to demand satisfaction for slighted dignity? THE inconsistency and inexpediency of trying to base the temperance issue upon the Sunday issue, is being illustrated in Passaic, N. J. The sit-uation is told in the following press dispatch, under date of February 14: "A mighty wave of reform has swept over Passaic, N. J. "Yesterday the newsdealers there were not permitted to sell the New York newspapers after ten o'clock in the morning. This was in obedience to an order issued by Chief of Police Henry last week. "The Chief of Police issued his order in the hope that the newsdealers would close their stores. Immense pressure was brought to bear on him by the saloon-keepers. The Board of Excise of Passaic lately put out a mandate ordering the saloons to close on Sunday. "Twelve saloon-keepers, who have been fined $15 each for violating this order, brought their influence, it is said, to bear upon Chief. Henry, and he promptly commanded all stores to close on Sunday, except drug shops, cigar stores, and candy stores. "They say, It's rum or nothing' on Sundays." RECENTLY the Spanish minister to this Government made an uncompli-mentary reference by letter to the President and people of the United States, and the country was greatly stirred by its discoyery. Following this came the news of the blowing up of the warship "Maine" in Havana harbor, presumably by an enemy; and immediately there was great ex-citement everywhere and a loud call for decisive -action by the Govern-ment against Spain. But for months the country has been almost an eye-witness of the spectacle of people dying of starvation by the hundred thousand on the shores of Cuba, and nothing that would compare with the present stir and excitement has been occasioned, although scarcely any one doubts that decisive action by this Government would put a speedy end to the Cuban horrors. This may be all consistent and proper from a political and diplomatic standpoint; but there is something curious about a situation where an uncomplimen-tary letter and the loss of a fine war-ship with two hundred and fifty-three men, terrible as this is, outweighs the slow and painful death of hundreds of thousands of human beings, in-cluding helpless women and children. Decision Against Religion in the Public Schools. A PRESS dispatch from Jefferson City, Mo., dated the 13th inst., states the following:Š "Attorney-General Crow has ren-dered an opinion to the State Super-intendent of Public Schools which holds it unlawful forŁ a teacher to re-quire pupils to repeat the Lard's Prayer as a part of the opening ex-ercises in the public schools of the State. "It also holds -that the reading of the Bible by the teachers as a part of the school exercises is contrary to the laws. "The attorney general holds that these exercises are a form of religious worship and cannot be enforced upon the' students under the State and Federal Constitutions." 