THE AmErzitcA,N SENTINEL, 275 and your brethren the `divinely-appointed institu-tion for the declaration and enforcement of God's will ;' and therefore, in your character as a body of ministers, you cannot claim any political power under our system of government. "The persecutions of our ancestors were too fresh in the memories of our revolutionary fathers, for them to create, recognize, or even tolerate, a church establishment in this country, clothed with temporal authority. So apprehensive were they of the usurpations of this, most fearful and corrupting of all despotisms, whether viewed with reference to the purity of the church or the hap-piness of the people, that they provided in the Constitution that ' no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States.' Still fearful that in a process of time, a spirit of religious fanati-cism, or a spirit of ecclesiastical domination (yet more to be dreaded, because cool and calculating) might seize upon some exciting political topic, and in an evil hour surprise or entrap the peo-ple into a dangerous concession of political power to the clergy, the first Congress under the Con-stitution proposed, and the people adopted, an amendment to guard against such a calamity, in the following words : 'Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof.' "The doctrine of our fathers was, and the principle of the Constitution is, that every human being has an inalienable, divinely-conferred right to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience; and that no earthly institution nor "any institution on earth, can rightfully de-prive him of that sacred and inestimable privi-lege. "I have wandered over distant and extensive portions of the globe, during the past year, where the successor of Mohammed proclaimed and en-forced God's will on earth according to the prin-ciples of inspired truth and obligation as recorded in the Koran ; and, by the potency of his ' di-vinely-appointed institution,' held in the hollow of his hand and suspended on his breath, the lives, the liberties, and the property, of millions of men, women and children. When within his domin-ions and surrounded by his bayonets, -I had neither the time nor the disposition to argue the question of his right to 'reprove, rebuke, and exhort, with all authority and doctrine,' in the name'of the Almighty! But when I set foot on the shores of my native land, under the broad folds of our national flag, surrounded by the pro-tecting genius of our American institutions, I did not feel like recognizing any such rightful author-ity of that ' divinely-appointed institution,' in tem-poral affairs, here or elsewhere. " Our fathers held that the people were the only true source of all political power. But what avails this position, if the constituted au-thorities established by the people are to be con-trolled and directedŠnot by their own judgment, not by the will of their constituents, butŠby the divinely-constituted power of the clergy? "Your claims for the supremacy of this ' di-vinely-appointed institution' are subversive of the fundamental principles upon which the whole re-publican system rests. What the necessity of a Congress, if you can supervise and direct its con-duct? Why sustain a vast and complex judicial system, to expound the law and administer justice and determine all disputes in respect to human rights, if your ' divinely-appointed institution' is invested with all authority to prescribe the rule  of decision in the name of the Deity? If your pretensions be just and valid, why not dispense with all the machinery of human government and subject ourselves, freely and unreservedly, together with all our temporal and spiritual in-terests and hopes, to the justice and mercy of this divinely-appointed institution ?" The Illinois " Little Giant" tore the vail from the whole wicked scheme. Let his words be read everywhere. GEORGE A. BATES. Green, Vale, Jo Damess Co., Ill. 0 lb Religion and the Public Schools. (Continued.) BECAUSE of its great importance both as a State and National question, I beg permission of the committee to be allowed to present as a part of my argument, a portion of the argument of the Hon. Stanley Matthews, now Associate JUStice of the United States Supreme Court, upon this very question, in the case of Minor et al. vs. Cincinnati School Board et al. I ask further to present this because it would be impossible for me to make an argument as good, and I seriously doubt whether anybody can ever make a better. After referring to the resolution of the Cincinnati School Board which forbade the reading of the Bible at the opening exercises of the city schools, Mr. Matthews said :--- " I do say that the reading of the Holy Bible in the manner repealed by this resolution is the teaching of a dogma in religion, held by only a portion of the religious community, objected to by a large part of the others, and that it is in a just, true and sober sense,Šas to all who either reject it, in whole or. in part, as a divinely in-spired and infallible book, and as to all others, who admitting that to be its character, neverthe-less deny that it can properly be understood, without the interpreting aid of external authority, as to unbelievers, Jews, and Roman Catholics,Ša merely sectarian book. Now, if your honors please, the community is divided, you may say, in a general way, as a matter of fact, of which your honors can take judicial notice, and to which your honors' notice is addressed specially by the answer in this case, into at least three main divis-ions of religious belief, throwing out of view all those who have merely a negative position, some-times called nullifidiansŠbelievers in nothing, if you choose, except what they see, and 'hear, and feel. But I propose to confine myself now only to that division of the community as to their posi-tive religious belief; and I will include under one name all Protestant Christians, including every variety of faith, every sect and denomination, from those who take a merely humanitarian view of the person and the work of our divine Saviour up to those who believe that he was the incarnate God, and embracing every possible shade and variation of religious 'belief. " Here are all these varieties of belief. The gentlemen say, What, is conscience ? It may be a very small matter in their estimation, applied to other people a very small matter, not to be taken notice of; and one gentleman quotes the legal maxim 'De minimis non carat lex,' in refer-ence to the supposed conscience of an infidel. "But this will not do. We may call the ec-centricities of conscience vagaries, if we please; but in matters of religious concern we have no right to disregard or despise them, no matter how trivial and absurd we may conceive them to be. In the days of the early Christain martyrs,,the Roman Rotors and soldiers despised and ridiculed  the fanaticism that refused the trifling conformity of a pinch of incense upon the altar erected to the Caesar that arrogated to himself the title and honor of 'Divine,' or of a heathen statue. His- tory is filled with the record of bloody sacrifices which holy men who feared-God rather than men have not withheld, on account of what seemed to cruel persecutors but trifling observances and concessions. . " Conscience, if your honors please, is a tender thing, and tenderly to be regarded ; and in the same proportion in which a man treasures his own moral integrity, sets up the light of conscience within him as the glory of God shining in him to discover to him the truth, so ought he to regard the conscience of every other man, and apply the cardinal maxim of Christian life and practice, `Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so unto them.' "Now, here is the Christian community. Then there are a large number of the citizens of this community who are not Christians at all, and yet are devout religionists. They are the descend-ants of the men who crucified Christ; and yet, as old Sir Thomas Browne says, we ought not to -bear malice against them for that, for how often since have we, who profess his name, crucified him, too " Quousque patiere, bone Jesu 1 Judi to semel, ego scepius crucifixi ; Illi in Asia, ego in Britannica, Ł Gallia, Germania ; Bone Jesu, miserere mei, et Judxorum. "But here they are in this community, devout worshipers of the only living and true God, ac-cording to their conscientious convictions ; and I will say, if your honors please, in all respects capable of performing every duty of the civil State, and equally entitled to, not toleration-4 hate that word, there is no such thing known in this country as tolerationŠbut civil and religious equality, equality because it is right, and a right. Then there is another sect of religionists. . . . They are the Roman Catholics. I know the Protestant prejudices against the Roman Catho-lic hierarchy and the Roman Catholic system of faith, and the Roman Catholic Church. I know, too, from a reading of that history, a part of which has been reproduced in argument upon this occasion, that the Roman Catholic Church has too well deserved that bitter memory at the hands of those whom it persecuted. But it is not to be denied that the victims of persecution, with singular inconsistency, have not- always omitted the opportunity, when power was in their hands, to inflict upon their oppressors the same measure of persecution, as if the wrong consisted not in the principle, but only in the person. "Now, if your honors please, I try to stand impartial and neutral in this argument between these three sets of men. I am bound to look upon them all as citizens, all as entitled to every right, to every privilege that I claim for myself; and further, if your honors please, I do in my heart en- tertain the charity of believing that they are just as honest and just as sincere in their religious con-victions as I am. I will say further, that from the study which I have made, as time and opportu-nity have been given me, of the doctrinal basis of the Roman Catholic faith, I am bound to say that it is not an ignorant superstition, but a scheme of well-constructed logic, which he is a bold man who says he can easily answer. Give them one proposition, concede to them one single premise, and the whole of their faith follows most legitimately and logically, and that is the 