AMERICAN SENTINEL. 499 ing. It is therefore divine science, the science of God himself From this and the other considerations here pre-sented, it follows that Salvation is not only science, but that the science of salvation is the highest, the deepest, the broadest science that is known not only in this world but throughout the whole universe. "TEE mixing up of politics with religion under any circumstances, is fraught with manifold and multiform dangers. There is no tyranny so cruel, no yoke so intol-erable, as priestcraft when vested with temporal author-ity. More political atrocities, butcheries, crimes and enormities, have been committed in the name and on ac-count of religion. than have arisen from any and all other causes combin Venner. ¨ -4 -4- Sin and Crime. THE minds of religious people are naturally shocked at any exhibition of what they regard as a sin; and un-der the influence of this shock they are prone to forget the important distinction that is to be maintained be-tween sin and crime. A failure to observe or to respect this distinction leads to very serious results. Religious people are shocked alike at exhibitions of both sin and crime. And there are some sins which oc-casion a greater shock to the sensibilities of such people than do many serious crimes. To the mind trained to revere the name of God, it is as shocking to hear the street urchin shouting profanity as it is to see him ap-propriating an article which does not belong to him. A mock celebration of the "Lord's Supper," by some per-sons who wished to make sport of it, would be quite as distressing a sight to Christian people as an exhibition of assault and battery. But would the one thing be there-fore as properly a subject of legislation as the other? It is very distressing to some good people to witness "Sabbath desecration." And it distresses them for pre-cisely tke same reason that a mockery of religion would distress them. On their way td church of a Sunday morning, it may be, they pass a group of boys indulging in a noisy game of baseball. On any other day nothing more would be seen in this than an exhibition of healthy, innocent sport; but being Sunday, the day which they regard as the holy Sabbath the sight gives them a pain_ ul shock, and they naturally feel that Sunday baseball ought to be suppressed by law. Now it is for religious reasons that these good people are shocked at the sight of a Sunday ball game, and it is a fact that whatever is wrong for religious reasons, is a sin. What these good people really ask, therefore, is that the civil law shall forbid a thing because it is a sin. But it is certainly true that while good people are greatly shocked at some sins, they are but little disturbed by others which are quite as bad. A sin is to be viewed in the light of righteousness,Šnot the righteousness of the  Scribes and Pharisees, but the righteousness of God. Is Sabbath desecration any worse in the sight of God than covetousness, or idolatry, or pride? Is the self-sufficient person who scorns the gospel offer of salvation, or the proud church member who refuses to humble himself as the Scriptures enjoin, less guilty in the sight of God,Šin other words, less guilty as a sinnerŠthan is the youth who desecrates the Sabbath? Is the one sin to be passed over while the other is punished? From the Word of God it is plain that Sabbath-keep-ing is a spiritual matter, and that mere cessation of work on the Sabbath day does not satisfy the requirements of God's law. They who worship God acceptably must worship him in spirit and in truth; and the proud or cov-etous person, or any person who is not truly a Christian, cannot keep the Sabbath, and is just as guilty of Sab-bath desecration in God's sight, even though he may go through all the forms of worship, as is the ball player who spends the Sabbath in recreation. Considered as a sin, therefore, it is altogether incon-sistent and improper to demand that Sunday baseball be suppressed law. It must be dealt with, if at all, as a crime. But it is not a crime, because, considered apart from religion, it would not be condemned as wrong. A wound to our sensibilities may be felt as keenly as would a wound to our bodies, or even more so; but this fact cannot justify the civil law in undertaking to guard our sensibilities against injury. Our training and educes_ tion in religion may have been faulty. The heathen is trained to reverence his idols, and would be greatly shocked at an application to them of the doctrines of Christianity. The devout Catholic might easily be shocked at the7actions of the consistent Protestant; and the good Protestant who has looked with horror on a game of Sunday baseball, may, by changing his religious views so as to regard the seventh day as the Sabbath, arrive at a condition where he would pass an exhibition of Sunday ball without any shock whatever. Very little intellectual progress has been made in the world without:a shock to some person's ideas and sensibil_ ities. To saylthat these ought to be protected by law, would be to:disregard alike the lessons of history and the dictates of reason. God deals with sin. He alone understands sin per-fectly and is competent to deal with it justly and effect-ively. Crime is a different thing. The law of man cannot properly take any cognizance of the question whether a thing is right or wrong on religious grounds. That is the questionof whether or not it is sinful; and must be left to another and higher authority than that of man. Crime must be based upon a different ground,Šthat of the right of every individual to liberty in the pur-suit of whatever he may deem essential to his welfare. And the individual rights of all being equal, the rights of one cannot interfere with the rights of another. "To preserve these rights, governments are instituted among men;" awl this alone is the province of the civil law. 