THE AMERICAN. SENTINEL. 383 for the " Christian " Sunday, rather than the " Jewish " Sabbath, it ought to enforce regard for "Christian baptism," and so on to the end of the chapter. The plea that the law does not "compel men to be religious," is a subterfuge. As we have shown from the official records of Congress the Sunday closing of the Ex-position was urged on religious grounds, and out of deference to the religious sen-timent of the Christian churches. There is no ground for ceasing work on Sunday rather than any other day, except on re-ligious grounds. To compel cessation from labor on any day, in deference to re-ligious sentiment, is to enforce a religious observance of that day. All Sunday laws which forbid doing on Sunday what may rightfully be done on other days is reli-gions legislation. Saloon-closing does not come under this head, for the saloons are an injury and a menace to the Com-monwealth on all days. And the folly which licenses and protects them on all days except Sunday makes it impossible to close them on that day of leisure. The friends of Sunday are leaning on a broken reed in their eager appeal to Con-gress. When there is so little conscience that even Christians will do much which the civil law prohibits, there can be no permanent or essential good in adding law to law. But the worst feature of the case is the false security which Christians will feel in the " protection " of the civil law, and the lessening of regard for the divine law, as a consequence. This turn-ing away from the law of God, and " going down to Egypt " for fruitless help is an open confession that Sunday observ-ance can not be sustained on biblical and historic grounds. In a word, if the leg-islation of Congress compelling the cessa-tion of business on Sunday, because this is a Christian Nation, be correct, the whole doctrine of State religion is affirmed and sustained. Is the " Pearl of Days " ready for this ? We knOw Secretary Knowles too well to think that he believes in such a doctrine; but his defense of Sun-day legislation carries to this inevitable result. No one step could now be taken more potent in exalting the influence and the fundamental doctrines of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States than the legislation which the "Pearl of Days " defends. Undesignedly, but not less surely, the friends of Sunday are opening a wide door toward Catholic su-premacy. The Roman Catholic power can well afford to be quiet while Protest-ants forge their own chains.ŠSabbath Outlook. One Creed. SAYS the Union Signal of November 10: The great congress of all religions to be held at the World's Columbian Exposition in June of 1893, promises to afford a rallying point from which is sure to radiate the light of knowledge, the warmth of love and the actinic ray of practical results in favor of one creed. And further remarks thatŠ Whoever contributes by a single utterance to such a heavenly consummation has not lived in vain; whoever by emphasizing the difference that separates the groups in political or church life into antagonistic factions, has lived by that much to curse and not bless his race. Thus it was in the days of Constantine after Church and State had been united. Constantine himself stated it as his de-sign "first, to bring all the diverse judg-ments formed by all nations respecting the Deity to a condition, as it were, of  settled uniformity." And to the contend-ing factions and quarrelsome bishops in the professedly Christian church at that time, he thus pleaded for unanimity among them and rest from their conten-tions:Š Restore me then my quiet days and untroubled nights, that henceforth the joy of light undimmed by sorrow, the delight of a tranquil life may con-tinue to be my portion. . . . For while the people of God, whose fellow servant I am, are thus divided amongst themselves by an unreasonable and pernicious spirit of contention, how is it pos-sible that I shall be able to maintain tranquility of mind ? . . . Open then for me henceforward by your unity of judgment that road to the regions of the East which your dissentious have closed against me, and permit me speedily to see the hap-piness both of fourselves and of all other prov-inces, and to render due acknowledgment of God in the language of praise and thanksgiving for the restoration of general concord and liberty to all. But notwithstanding the calling of the Council of Nice, and the creed of Nice, and the emperor's threat of banishment to all who refused to subscribe to that creed, general concord was not restored, nor contentions and bickerings between former contending parties put an end to. Neither will the coming "congress of. re- ligions " which is to be held at the World's Fair next June, bring all the world to such a oneness of faith that religious con- troversies will cease. The Union Signal further says:Š In the Bible we have a sufficient rule of faith and practice; the wayfaring man though a fool need not err therein, but he continually does so. If he did not stop at every opening in the woods and erect a guide-board he would get more rapidly over the ground. . . . If only we could once for all accept the truth that religion is an affair of th*heart, these brawling controversies would be at an end. But after this great religious congress at the World's Fair is over, Catholics and Protestants, and the different sects of Protestants, in this country will still stop at " openings in the woods " and erect their " guide-boards," and these " brawl-ing controversies " instead of coming to an end will only increase, and differences be all the more emphasized; for, by the last source of authority in the Govern-ment, the Supreme Court of the United States, this has been declared " a Chris-tian Nation;" religion has been appointed a seat in our governmental administra-tion, and the question erelong to be set-tled will be, Which body of religionists shall occupy the seat ? This seat will not long remain vacant, we may rest assured, for there are already too many aspirants for it; and when the question is once set-tled, by whatever means it maybe, whether by court decision, legislative enactment, or bodily seisure, then " brawling contro-versies " will commence in good earnest, differences will be magnified, and mole-hills become mountains. Thus, instead of the assured peace and desired unity and tranquillity in religious matters, as another has recently well ex-pressed it, " old controversies which have apparently been hushed for a long time will be revived, and new controversies will spring up; new and old will com-mingle, and this will take place right early." W. A. COLCORD. Will They Maintain It So? AN exchange has the following com-ment on the utterances of the field sec-retary of the American Sabbath Union, at Paterson, N. J., to which THE SEN-TINEL made reference some time ago. It is now a matter of lively interest, since  the organization of active opposition to the Sunday opening of the World's Fair, whether or no Mr. George and the Sab-bath Union will maintain the armed re-sistance he has threatened. " In a speech at Paterson, N. J., re-cently, the Rev. Mr. George, Field Secre-tary of the American Sabbath Union, referring to the Sunday closing clause in the World's Fair appropriation, said : ' It can not be repealed. We mean to main-tain it at the point of the bayonet.' No advocate of Sunday opening has any-where made use of such violent language nor expressed such bloodthirsty sentiment as this. It is quite evident that the Rev. Mr. George is armed not so much with the sword of the spirit' as with the spirit of the sword and bayonet. It ought not to be difficult for anyone to understand that this Sunday question, anywhere and every-where, is not merely a question of the pleas-ure or convenience of any class, but a ques-tion of religious liberty and equal rights. " Shall any element be granted special favors and recognition at the hands of the Government, which is supported by and supposed to exist equally for all ? Has Congress or any Legislature the right to make and enforce religious ob-servances or prescribe the religious duties of any person ? Shall Church and State be united ? These are the questions, and the people would not long remain in doubt as to how they would be settled if the Rev. Mr. George and his followers could have their way. All the religious perse-cution, tyranny and bigotry of the past would be repeated, with the bayonet to back it up. Let no one suppose that this is an unimportant matter. It is one to which every liberty-loving American should give earnest heed. There is danger in indifference." "Should Church Property Be Taxed tﬂ is a live question, and one fully answered in the tract bearing that title, No. 43 of the " Sentinel Library." The author of this tract is a Baptist minister in the city of Brooklyn, and has shown himself mas-ter of his subject. 16 pages, price two cents; one dollar per hundred. ONE of the most misleading claims set up by the National Reformers is that Israel was in reality a republic, and that therefore a theocracy is not inconsistent with popular government. The fallacy of this claim is fully shown in the tract, " THE REPUBLIC OF ISRAEL," 8 pages; price, one cent; fifty cents per hundred. ARE you thoroughly versed in regard to the proper relations that should exist between Church and State ? If not you ought to read the revised edition of " CIVIL GOVERNMENT AND RELIGION," No. 32 of the " Sentinel Library." There is nothing better to loan to your neighbors to read during the long winter evenings. Large pamphlet; price twenty-five cents. Usual discount for large orders. HENRY M. STANLEY, the African Ex-plorerŠBy Arther Montefiore, F. R. G. S. Brought down to 1889. 12mo. 160 paged, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of, Erro-manga-13y Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. Address all Orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 12TH & CASTRO STREETS, I 43 BOND STREET, GARLAND, CAL. NEW Yoaz. 