Equal and axact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or cersuasion, Feligious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, APRIL 14, 1892. NUMBER 15. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Bonn ST., NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mcii-mE. THE history of the Salem Witchcraft which has just been retold in the New England Magazine by W. S. Nevins, con-tains an impressive lesson for our times. The progress of National Reform the-ories in this country has been wonderfully . rapid during the past few years; start-lingly so we might say; and yet few are alive to the dangers that lurk in the the-ocratic sophistries of misguided religion-ists and threaten our most sacred rights. Pious and well-intentioned people argue that as civil government is ordained of God,, his law ought to be the standard of all law, and that civil government, which is his creature, ought not to suffer any preventable violations of his law : hence, our Sunday laws, which are designed primarily to guard a day popularly sup-posed to be divinely set apart for rest and worship; and it is gravely argued that by failing to guard that day by law, the State itself becomes guilty of flagrant violation of the divine law. THE Puritans, two hundred years ago, argued in regard to witchcraft much as many now do in justification of Sunday laws. They said, There is a divine law which reads, " Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live." Ex. 22: 18. And again : "A man also or a woman that hath a familiar spirit, or that is a wizard, shall surely be put to death." Lev. 20 : 27. And believing it to be the duty of the State to enforce the divine law as given for the regulation of civil relations, they had no choice but to put to death persons ad-judged guilty of witchcraft. To be con- sistent our modern reformers who sigh for " a breath of the Puritans" would have to follow the logic of the Puritans to its legitimate conclusion. LIKE all religious persecutions, when they are in the past, the hanging of witches in Massachusetts had no sooner ceased than it was seen to be wholly without justification. Mr. Nevins at-tributes "the whole of the unfortunate affair to a species of neighborhood in-sanity, a wholesale delusion. It was like a cyclone that sweeps over the land, or a conflagration that wipes out of existence whole sections of a city. We do not re-alize the awful drama which is being en-acted around us. Only when the storm has passed and we awake to a thorough comprehension of the calamity, do we appreciate its force; then the hour of its raging seems like a dream. Such, I judge, was substantially the case with our ances-tors two centuries ago. They did not realize, during the summer of 1692, the awfulness of the tragedy they were en-acting." AND why did not the Puritans realize the awfulness of their acts ? The writer already quoted answers : " They believed that they were casting out devils, and that any measures, however severe, were justi-fiable. Their language after the storm was passed and a calm had settled over the land, implies as much, and more,Šthat the full realization of what they had been doing dawned on them only after all was over." "We of the present generation," concludes Mr. Nevins, " shudder at the intolerant persecutions and superstitions of our ancestors. Let us do nothing in politics or religion that will cause our decendants to blush for us. It is well to review the unwise or unjust acts of our ancestors sometimes, as we would place a beacon on some shoal or reef where a ship has been wrecked, to warn others of the danger." BUT it is one thing to " shudder at the intolerant persecutions and superstitions"  of others, and quite another to avoid every-thing of the kind ourselves. The Puritans were not worse than other men; they had many sterling qualities; and doubt-less the mass of them felt in duty bound to do just as they did do. There was the divine law against witchcraft, and there was the civil law making it the duty of the Colony to enforce the divine law. It was the law that put to death the "witches." When a murderer is executed to-day no individual feels personally re-sponsible for it; it is the law that does it. And so the Puritans reasoned; they only enforced the law. But why did they not change the law ? Simply because when the occasion arose they were in no mood for it. And this points a moral, namely, that laws which may result in persecution ought never to be made; and if made, ought to be repealed when people are in a calm frame of mind and amenable to reason. NOT all the Puritans were honest; not all acted conscientiously. The most rep-utable writers do not hesitate to charge that the first accusations of witchcraft were made maliciously, and for personal reasons. Thus the law, supposed to be good, or at least harmless, became the instrument of personal malice and re-venge. The same thing is true of our Sunday laws to-day. In several of the States they have been made, not as they were designed to be, the conservators of " public morals," but the engines of reli-gious persecution. The sacred rights of citizens ought not to be thus dependent upon the whim, the prejudice, or the su-perstition of their fellows. Civil govern-ments are instituted to secure to the citizen his inalienable rights; and what-ever may be the state of mind of his neighbors, the individual ought to find in the laws of the commonwealth a Gibraltar of defense against oppression If preju-dice defeats justice in the lower courts, if the law is right, the higher courts can correct the wrong; but when the law is wrong the case is hopeless; hence the supreme importance of just laws. 