ItHE AMERICAN SEN'rTNEL. 93 claim; what is it necessary to show ?ŠIt is necessary to show that the legislative and public mind has' been entirely divested of the popular idea that Sunday is a day to which a due religious observance is to be paid. Both those who make the law, and those who are subject to it, must be shown to have placed themselves exactly in the mental position of the civilian whose mind has never harbored the thought of the sacredness of one day above another. Then, no other legislative restrictions would be ,attempted to be placed upon Sunday, than could be enacted for Monday or Tuesday, or any succeeding day of the week. But, read this bill, 3854, and in-sert fOr the word Sunday the name of a different day of the week, and consider low quickly the sense of the people would reject it. Its propriety as a civil measure, *en.id be instantly denied. What should gi.ire it a 'different complexion when it contains the: word Sunday ? What is the Magid i" presto change " in that name ?ŠIt is 'the: teligions association; the fact that the consciences of many men. for many generations have been trained to reverence Sunday AS the holy day of God. Sunday was first a holiday, dedicated as such to the sun and its worship. So that, in its inception, it was-  a day, the obserVance of which was based upon a religions idea; in the accommodation of the forms and observances of the pagan and Christian churches which, for the sake of temporal power and success, was brought about in the reign of Constantine, the Church found it politic, from the point of view which then prevailed, to adopt the pagan holiday and did so, con-secrating it anew, with all the sacredness of the religious forms and beliefs of the Church, transferring to it the awful sanctity involved in the Commandment of God, -" ReMember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," and adding to that all the holy sentiment which can be invoked for a day, commemorative of the resurrection of our Saviour. Thus eurciulatively religious is the his-tory of this, day. The religious idea has never been separated from it. No en-forcement of its observance, distinctively from other days, can be divorced from that inbred religious idea, any more than the physical and moral characteristics of the father and mother can be eliminated froni the child. This child of the Church and a religious holiday (" the Venerable Day of the Sun ") is, by birth, by inher-itance, and by unbroken habit throughout its existence, a religious day,Šnothing else. (To be continued next week.) BARRY County [Michigan] points with pride to the fact that her court house can be freely used for any purpose other than for a meeting of the opponents of the Blair bill.ŠHastings, Michigan, Plain-dealer. Sunday in the California State Prisons. THERE is considerable discussion in Cal-ifornia on the question of Sunday work in the State prisons, especially of the run-ning of the jute mills at San Quentin. There is, indeed, opposition to operating these mills at all, as they enter into strong competition with private enterprises of the same nature. But the fact that they are worked seven days in the week, while their competitors work but six, is an ad-ditional cause of complaint. It is not my purpose to discuss the merits of the ques-tion as to the propriety of the State work-ing its prisoners in competition with its law-abiding citizens; but the assumed re-ligious phase of the subject having been mooted, it comes legitimately within the SENTINEL'S purview. I have never known anyone, speaker or writer, who undertook to sustain the theory of the State's duty to support Sun-day, who did not stultify his argument before he got through. And there was no exception to the rule when, on Sunday evening, March 2, Rev. Dr. Horton, of this city, undertook to condemn the State's jute mill policy from a religious stand-point. Here is one specimen extract from the " prelude :"Š Punishment is intended to make better men and women of the convicts. Now in order to reform a man two things are necessary. He must first be inspired with a sense of manliness He must then be encouraged to cultivate a good conscience. But how can men be inspired with manliness when we treat them like whipped slaves, and drive them to toil upon seven days in each week ? How can we develop conscience in these men when the great majority of them believe with the vast majority of the general public, and believe rightly, that the en-forcement of work on the Sabbath-day is an open defiance of the God of conscience, as well as of all humanitarian and physiological teachings ? This is one of the Doctor's character-istic extravaganzas. It is entirely aside from the real issue between the State's jute mill and those of private enterprise. It is on a par with his utterance in 1885, when preaching on the Sunday question, that " the workingmen of California are in a State of worse slavery than ever ex-isted in the Southern. States." Mark, it is not the character of the work, or the fact that they have to work, or the competition with other institutions, that is drawn into the odious comparison; but it is the seven days' work, that is, the Sunday work, that makes their labor like that of " whipped slaves." But the alleged general belief in the Sun-day institution, not only .of the prisoners but of the public, is indeed astonishing. Such exaggeration sounds strangely odd coming from the pulpit. That a majority of these prisoners were averse to work on any day, before they got into prision, and are so yet, is probably true; but that their opposition to labor on Sunday arises from a belief that it is an " open defiance of the God of conscience," is too absurd for utterance before intelligent people.  And as to the majority of the general public believing that work on Sunday is " open defiance of the God of conscience," every one knows that nothing like a ma-jority have any conscience in the matter at all. The last question quoted above implies an impossibility of developing conscience in men who believe that Sunday work is open defiance of the God of conscience. This is a pretty hard thrust at the Doctor's co-believers, but it is one of the charac-teristic muddles in which Sunday -law preachers invariably become entangled. As he perhaps unwittingly assumes that obtuse condition for himself and them, he must not call other folks hard names if they concede the proposition. Another extract contains a like piece of logic :Š In order to reform a man you must get him off one side alone, and give him time to think. In order to get such collected thought, men's hands should rest, the ordinary course of activity should be interrupted. This is the very heart of God's ordinance for us all, and this, in the form of soli-tary confinement one day out of seven, broken only by attendance upon the chaplain, and by meals, is the most hopeful part of prison discipline. Many a man had rather take his chances in a tiger's cage than be left alone for a whole day with himself. Here is a wonderful idea of improve-ment in the poor prisoner's condition. It is an awful thing to make him do ordinary work on Sunday,Šit is " treating him like a whipped slave." But alas ! the ter-rible alternative, "solitary confinement," to " give him a chance to think." And this, " the most hopeful part of the prison discipline," is acknowledged to be worse to many of them than being placed in a " tiger's cage." This is prison reforma-tion with a vengeance ! If that would not " inspire a man with a sense of manli-ness," his case must indeed be hopeless. And this is not the worst of it. If this Sunday proposition only affected the State prison convicts, those outside might rest comparatively easy. But, says the Doctor, " this is the very heart of God's ordinance of the Sabbath for us all." It seems to me that I have before read somewhere of persons in past centuries who were placed in solitary confinement,' shut off from every one but the chaplain; and it was said to be for the purpose of "encouraging them to cultivate a good conscience " toward certain church dog-mas. And there is no doubt that many of them would rather have taken their chances in a tiger's cage. The preacher made a slight reference to " another side of.this question,"Što the " outrage on free labor that convicts should be employed in the San Quentin jute mill any day of the week; " but his main la-ment was in behalf of Sunday. That was the beginning and the end of the prelude. Here is another piece :Š When shall we cease standing out against the wisdom, piety, and experience of the entire sister-hood of States and enact suitable Sabbath laws, giving every man emancipation from toil one day 