THE AIVInRICAN SENTINEL, 05 Romanism and Republicanism. THE fundamental cord which binds and preserves American liberties is the common-school system. It is only by educating the masses of the people to a full understanding of the responsibilities of citizenship, that we can hope for a conservation of American ideas and a continuation of American liberty. By its unqualified opposition to the public-school system of the United States, the Cath-olic Church becomes an enemy of American liberty, and must be considered, not as a spir-itual organization maintaining its right to re-ligious supremacy, but as a secular foe at-tacking an educational system which is so closely allied to the progress and preservation of our republic as to be inseparable from the -temporal interests of the community. According to American principles, the Church and State are entirely divorced, each retaining unqualified' control over matters spiritual and temporal, respectively. No re-ligion can be recognized as exercising any po-litical power, and all are alike free to worship, each according to its creed. This is the re-sult of political evolution, and marks the birth of free thought and free speech. It is the paramount exponent of liberty, and as such must be maintained. . . . The Roman Church in America has grown from a few mission schools in the last century to an enormous organization comprising overt 7,000,000 followers, with vast properties situ-ated in every State, county, and township of the Union. . . . But it must be remem-bered that this army of clergy and laymen are sworn to obey the temporal as well as the spiritual power of the Pope; they believe in Ultramontanism, and have stealthily obeyed the church's commands and worked for her interests until to-day the Roman Church con-trols an enormous amount of untaxable prop-erty, and is a power in the land, too little rec-ognized by Americans. The late campaign, in which the famed three R's played so important a part, is evi-dence that the Roman Catholic vote is a factor to be considered in politics. The press of the country know that if it would have the support of Catholics it must not criticise acts of the church, nor condemn its methods; the consequence is that no expostulation goes forth editorially against any act of aggression on the part of the church, and Romanists are truckled to like other factions. . . . At different periods of our history opposi-tion to Catholicism has assumed alarming proportions, as in the Know-nothing riots in the East, when churches were burnt and lives lost. Such outward violence is but unreason-able bigotry and impedes the advancement of American ideas. It is not by force but by the ballot and the equitable administration _of the laws that the encroachments of the church must be met. To oppose any religion, for its doctrines, and to permit such opposi-tion to assume violent proportions, is unjust and un-American; but to prevent the en-croachments of the church upon the State by equitable means, is to defend American freedom. . . . The Roman Church (and in many instances the Lutheran) opposes the system of public education, because it maintains its exclusive right to religious instruction, and considers that it cannot confine itself to the task of merely imparting religious knowledge, but must have control of general education as a part of the spiritual prerogative. Republi-canism demands that the people be educated at the public expense. The two conflict, and as the church cannot recognize the secular power of the Government, it will not relin-quish its rights. From the beginning, this one question of educational control has called forth the continual animosity of the Church of Rome against republicanism, and how bitter this feeling is may be judged by a recent ut-terance of the Freeman's Journal, a Catholic organ, which says that "the common school system should go back where it came fromŠhell." No loyal American, whether Catholic or dissenter, can deny that such words savor of disgraceful bigotry and are aimed at a sys-tem which is co-existent with freedom. The late Cardinal Archbishop of New York, as quoted by M. Bouland, said that Catholics in this republic are as strongly devoted to the sustenance and maintenance of the temporal powe$ of the holy Father as Catholics in any other part of the world; and if it should be necessary to prove it by acts, they are ready to do so. The Catholic Review states that "Protestantism of every form has not, and never can have, any right where Catholicity is triumphant." Any attempt to expostulate against the policy of a church is apt to be condemned as inconsistent with liberality, but the right of criticism is co-etaneous with the privilege of free speech, and no loyal American, whether Catholic or otherwise, can defend such words as consistent with Ameri-can ideas. America believes, as _did Bluntschli, that "Christianity is not only the basis but the living element of our civilization; yet the legal foundation of the State does not by any means rest upon Christianity. The State has not grown out of the church, nor upon the church, but is completely independent of the latter and of her dogmas." No true Ameri-can should oppose the Roman or any other church for its doctrines, so long as it remains strictly within the precincts of spiritual power; but when it attempts in the slightest degree to intermeddle in the affairs of State, or to oppose education and enlightenment, it be-comes the enemy of liberty and civilization, and as such must be fought by every friend of freedom.---America. The American Sentinel. ASSORTED back numbers of the regular edition of the American Sentinel will be sent post-paid to any ad-dress in the United States or Canada for $1.50 per hun-dred, or sixty copies for $1.00. The American Sentinel is just the thing to hand to your neighbor, mail to friends, use in depot racks, for tract distributers, etc. If you will send us two yearly subscriptions to the American Sentinel, at fifty cents each, we will send you the paper one year free. The Sentinel in clubs of five or more, at thirty cents a copy per year. Now is the time to get up clubs. ilddress,,AmEnicAN -SEN-TINEL, Oakland, Cal. ftiliAlrm? Prfaximvut. OUR GENERAL AGENTS. Arkansas Tract SocietyŠW. G. Smith, Sec., lock box 249, Little Rock, Ark. AustraliaŠEcho Publishing House, North Fitzroy, Victoria. Canada Tract SocietyŠMrs. R. S. Owen, South Stukely, P. Q. China and JapanŠA. LaRue, International Tract Society, Queens.Road 219, Hongkong, China. Colorado Tract SocietyŠS. E. Whiteis, Sec., 812 Nineteenth Ave., Denver, Col. Dakota Tract SocietyŠA. H. Beaumont, Sec., Vilas, Miner Co., Dakota. District of ColumbiaŠMr. w. H. Saxby, 1831 Vermont Ave. N. W., Washington, D. C. EnglandŠInternational Tract Society, 48 Paternoster Row, London, E. C. Georgia and FloridaŠCharles F. Curtis, cor. S. Boulevard and Bryan Sts., Atlanta, Ca. Hawaiian IslandsŠInternational Tract So., Honolulu, II. I. Illinois Tract SocietyŠa T. Poole, 8514 Vernon Ave., Chicago. Indiana Tract SocietyŠJ. IV. Moore, Sec., 175 Central Ave., IndianapolO, Ind. Iowa Tract SocietyŠLeroy T. Nicola, Sec., 603 East 12th St., Des Moines, Iowa. Islands of the PacificŠJohn I. Tay and Elder A. J. Cudney, traveling agents, Papeete, Tahiti. Kansas Tract SocietyŠL. Dyo Chambers, Sec., No. 821 West Fifth St., Topeka, Kan. KentuckyŠElsie IC. Scott, Cecilian, Hardin Co. Ky. Maine Tract SocietyŠM. Russell, Sec., No. 1:10 State St., Bangor, Me. MarylandŠElder D. E. Lindsey. Easton, Talbot Co., Md. Michigan Tract SocietyŠHattie House, Sec., Review and Her-ald Office, Battle Creek, Mich. Minnesota Tract SocietyŠC. N. Woodward, 336 East Lake St., Minneapolis, Minn., P. 0. Box 1038. Missouri Tract SocietyŠMrs. Clara Jones, Sec.. 2841 Clark Ave., St. Louis, Mo. Nebraska Tract SocietyŠMrs. N. II. Druillard, Sec., 1505 E St., Lincoln, Neb. New EnglandŠN. E. Tract Society, Mrs. E. T. Palmer, Sec., South Lancaster, Mass. New York City and Brooklyn, N. Y.ŠT. A. Kilgore, No. 43 Bond. St. ,,New York. New York StateŠJ. V. Willson, Sec., N. Y. Tract Society, 317 West Bloomfield St., Rome, N. Y. New ZealandŠInternational Tract Society, Turner St., off Upper Queen St., Auckland, N. Z. North*CarolinaŠN. B. England, Newton, Catawba Co., N. C. North PacificŠN. P. Tract Society, Charles A. Wyman, Sec., Box 18, East Portland, Or. NorwayŠSundhedsbladet, 74 Akersgaden, Christiania, Nor. Ohio Tract SocietyŠL. T. Dysert, See., 440 Floyd St., Toledo. Pennsylvania Tract SocietyŠL. C. Chadwick, Sec., Cor. Hep-burn and. Fifth Streets, Williamsport, Penn., Box 2716. South AfricaŠInternational Tract Society, No. 5 Scott. St., Cape Town. SwitzerlandŠimprimerie Polyglotte, 48 Weiherweg, Basel. TennesseeŠJ. H. Dorteh, Springville, Henry Co., Tenn. Texas Tract SocietyŠT. T. Stevenson, Sec., Denton, Texas. Upper ColumbiaŠU. C. Tract Society, Mrs. L. A. Fero, Sec., Box 523, Walla Walla, IV. T. Vancouver IslandŠBernard Robb, 14 Third St., 'Victoria, B. C. VermontŠLizzie A. Stone, 409 South Union St., Burlington. VirginiaŠAmy A. Neff, Quicksburgh, Shenandoah Co., Va. West Virginia.ŠMrs. Nelia M..Stone, Clarksburg, W. Va. Wisconsin Tract SocietyŠS. D. Hartwell, 1029'  Jenifer St., Madison, Wis. PACIFIC HZ.LIITH JOURNAL. AND TEMPERANCE ADVOCATE. A THIRTY-TWO PAGE MONTHLY MAGAZINE, devoted to the dis-semination of true temperance principles, and instruction in the art of preserving health. It is emphatically A JOURNAL FOR THE PEOPLE, Containing what everybody wants to know, and is thoroughly practical. Its range of subjects is unlimited, embracing every-thing that in any way affects the health. Its articles being short and pointed, it is specially adapted. to farmers, mechan-ics, and housekeepers, who have but little leisure for reading. It is just the journal that every family needs, and may be read with profit by all. Price, $1.00 per year, or with the 300-page premium bookŠ" Practical Manual of Hygiene and Temper-ance," containing household and cooking recipesŠpost-paid for $1.40. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Publishers, Oakland, Cal. F_A_TEIES OF THE @urcti. BY E. J. WAGGONER. HISTORY repeats itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know how to avoid error in the future, must know how errors have developed in the past. The "Fathers of the Catholic Church" shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the principles of ancient heathen philosphy, and shows how the adoption of these principles by prominent men in the church, and the incautious lowering of the standard of pure Christianity, develdped the Papacy, which was simply a new phase of paganism. It shows that by the time of Constantine every phase, of the Papacy was fully developed, and was only waiting for supreme power. The chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY Is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English cloth, sub-stantially bound, contains about 400 pages, and will be sent post-paid at the nominal price of $1.00. Address the PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., Oakland, Cal. REVIEW AND HERALD, Battle Creek, Mich., 02 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co., 43 Bond St., New York City. 