318 AM1IRICAN SVNTINEL. month of Sunday railroad trains, etc. ; but none of these things move the average Tennessee Sunday-keeper; it is only when some presumptuous Adventist works quietly in his back field, or when some faithful housewife who has rested on the seventh day plies her needle or bakes bread on Sunday, that the dignity of Tennessee law is injured, and the officers of justice (?) rise in their might, to vindi-cate the honor(?) of the commonwealth! Newspapers may publish and circulate Sunday editions, politicians may carry on their campaigns, railroads may run as many trains as they wish, gangs of sec-tion men may work, squirrel hunters and picnickers may pursue the even tenor of their way on Sunday without hindrance from the authorities; but when one who believes that Saturday is the Sabbath em-phasizes his dissent from the popular theology by resting on the seventh day and working on the first day of the week, he is promptly indicted and punished to vindicate the honor of the State of Ten- nessee ! C. P. B. Took Him at His Word. IT will become politicians to be a little cautious how pious they appear before the church people, whose influence they wish to gain to forward their own political ends. Their fervent protestations of re-ligious fervor may prove a boomerang, and come back upon their own heads. Thus Whitelaw Reid posed in so divine an attitude before the late convention of Christian Endeavorers, in New York, that they took his sanctimonious declara-tions at par, and thought it would be a good time to ask him to make his practice consistent with his profession. So they drew up a resolution, asking him to sus-pend the Sunday issue of the New York Tribune. At last reports, he was gazing dazedly on that proposition; and the coun-try is waiting with some interest to see how far he is willing to go to make good his profession.ŠReview and Herald. Conservatism vs. Justice. THE difficulty of securing a change in a law which affects only a small portion of those who have a voice in the matter, is well illustrated by the repeated failures of the Welsh dissenters to secure at the hands of the British Parliament, disestab-lishment in Wales. The law assumes that the Church of Wales is the church of the Welsh people; but the notorious fact is that three-fourths of the Welsh people are dissentersŠprincipally Baptists and Wes-leyans. Justice to the people of Wales demands disestablishment, but English conservatism and indifference defeats the measure. It is stated, however, that Mr. Gladstone has invited an eminent Welsh ecclesiastic to draft a bill for the dises-tablishment of the Welsh Church. It is conceded that this question will come to the front as soon as home rule is out of the way. Mr. Gladstone himself may not carry the act, but his successor in the leadership of the Liberal Party with prob-ably do so, NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THE Woman Suffragists have passed resolutions in favor of the Sunday opening of the World's Fair. DESPITE the congressional proviso for Sunday closing, the Exposition grounds have been regu-larly opened on Sundays to all comers, and are now. The average daily attendance of sight-seers, is now three thousand, but on Sunday the number sums up to fifteen thousand. But, notwithstand-ing this, the advocates of Sunday closing gather in mass-meeting in Chicago to give thanks that the World's Fair is closed on Sunday. A MEETING was held in the Chicago Auditorium, on the evening of October 7, to express approba-tion of the action of Congress in providing for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. It is reported that about six thousand people were present, and much enthusiasm was manifested. Dr. Herrick Johnson presented resolutions, which closed with the words, " Satan has at last gone into the business of casting out Satan, and the devil is ready for suicide." The resolutions were adopted in the midst of great applause ; the audience rising to its feet and giving three cheers. Elliott F. Shepard, Joseph Cook, and others, addressed the meeting. THE wife of the ex-priest Pere Hyacinthe, is in Chicago, and in an address delivered at the first Methodist Church, in that city, frankly advocated the Sunday opening of the World's Fair. Her ut-terances on the subject are reported to have been greeted with hearty applause from the large con-gregation present. This is one evidence of many that the church people themselves, whom their pastors and masters have striven so industriously to whip into line, are not entirely a unit yet, on this question, by any means. THE Weekly News-Item of Antigo, Wisconsin, publishes a series of resolutions adopted by the Congregationalists of that place, asking that the "mayor and city officials see that our Sabbath laws are properly enforced; " and says of the petitioners : It looks to us as though they do not recognize a man's right of liberty of conscience, except in so far as the man chooses to do what they think is right. It is a spirit of intolerance. . . . We are living in the year of progress, liberal ideas, and education-1892Šnot in the age of witchcraft, superstition, intolerance-1692. Yes, it has been supposed that we were living in an age of civil liberty in religious things, but the events of the last three years have proved the fallacy of that supposition. MAYOR WASHBURNE, of Chicago, says that "it would be an outrage to close the Fair on Sunday and would deprive a large number of the poorer classes of an opportunity to visit it. A good deal of the opposition to Sunday opening came from Chicago saloon keepers." So the testimony accumulates that in the Sunday closing of the World's Fair the Chicago saloons and dives have really gained an end they had in view. But why does Mayor Washburne speak only of these superficial points ? Why does he not have a word to say upon the real issue at stake ? No in-terview on this question, from any public man, has yet been published touching the real merits of the case. Is it because they do not think it "wise statesmanship" to be known as intelligent and can-did men in this matter ? ALL the Adventists in Tennessee are not in Henry County, but there are several hundred scat-tered over the State. So far the most of the perse-cution has been confined in two counties, but if the preachers of the dominant churches can have their way, there will be persecution soon where-ever there are Adventists. Some of the facts upon  which this opinion is based are stated in a letter from a young Adventist preacher laboring in East-ern Tennessee. This young minister says :Š " The time is not far distant when Seventh-day Adventist preaching will be held responsible for all the mining out-breaks and incivility committed in Tennessee, as is shown by the following instances. "While preaching recently at Emory Gap the writer was told by a Baptist gentleman that just such was the cause of such out-breaks as Coal Creek, etc. ; and in the course of the conversation he said that a man who can not obey the law of the land ought to be whipped. "And still another, a Rev. (?) Mr. Webster told his audience in presence of the writer that the Ad-ventists were anarchists and he could prove it. Continuing he said, 'They are circulating petitions to Congress to open the World's Fair and the sa-loons on Sunday.' And said he: There have been anarchists hung in this country, andŠWell, you had better send and get Frank James to teach your children.' "It seems that the reverend gentleman would rather have a highwayman in his community than a class of humble Christians, though their only crime is, they teach that God's law is a rule of life and re-quires absolute obedience to every commandment. And because they teach that people ought to obey God rather than man' in matters of religion. Es-pecially regarding the fourth commandment was the gentleman wroth, and gave his audience the wonderful piece of information that the Sabbath was never made for a man in the world but for Jesus Christ.' Yet he wanted men hung for not keeping Sunday, though he knows that Sunday is purely an institution of the Catholic Church and derives its authority from that source; and when Protest-ants compel people to obey that day, it is only compelling them to be Catholics, and Roman Cath-olics at that. " It sounds bad to hear Baptists talk of whipping and hanging people for their conscientious convic-tions ; they ought to read the Constitution of their country, and the history of the Baptist Church ; and perhaps these pious (?) gentlemen would remit the punishment from whipping and hanging to life imprisonment at hard labor." A Typical National Reformer. REV. CHARLES FERGUSON said that he believed in one organic church for the future, the great American church, of which the President of the United States should be the acknowledged head, which church should take hold of every phase of American life. The foregoing which has been previously re-ferred to in these columns, was clipped from the Syracuse, N. Y., Evening News, some weeks ago, and reported as the utterance of Mr. Ferguson be-fore a ministerial meeting of that city. Thinking them very strange words for a minister of the gos-pel to utter in this country, the following letter was addressed to him, and elicited the subjoined reply, which certainly entitles him to the palm as a typical National Reformer:Š Des Moines, Iowa, June 21, 1892. REV. CHARLES FERGUSON, Syracuse, N. Y. Dear Sir: By a copy of the Syracuse Evening News of the 13th inst. you are reported as express-ing yourself as believing in " one organic church, for the future, the great American church, of which the President of the United States shall be the acknowledged head, which church shall take hold of every phase of American life." It strikes the writer that if these are your sen-timents, you are not very much in harmony with the fundamental principles underlying this Republic, for were your ideas to materialize we would have a union of Church and State in verity, which combination the founders of our Govern-ment studiously sought to avoid. I have taken the liberty to address you concern-ing this matter more particularly for the reason that within the past few years there appears to have been a wonderful growth of sentiment among the religious element of the land right along this line, and if it is allowed to continue I fear it will not be long ere we see just what Rome saw under 