THE:: SENTINET—, OF LIBERTY." 763 Sundayas a sacred day was almost universal. But within the last quarter of the century, and especially toward the close of 't 1-he claims of the seventh day ,as the true Sabbath have, been widely heralded, in this country, and the old belief in, the sanctity of .Sunday, has been greatly lessened, So widespread has become the religious indifference to the day that it has been fouud, necessary to devise a new :support for theŁ Sunday laws, and this new-found support is the idea that such laws are not religious, but civil. But the necessity for a new support did not create a new fact; it, did not in the least change the character of Sunday legislation. What it was in character before this new claim was put forth, it remained afterward: 'Its character can no more be changed than can the spots of the leopard. Sunday is a religious institution, and Sunday laws are religious laws; so says history and so say the courts. In the face of such testimony there is nothing left to do but to admit the fact. NATIONAL REFORM IN JAPAN. AND now we have a Sabbath Union in the Island of Japan. During the month of October, this pres-ent year, about four hundred, and fifty representa-tives, of the Christian church came together at the capital of that country to consider questions of interest in connection with the advancement of the interests of the church among the Japanese. Among other things it, was decided to organize a Sabbath 1,1-lion. A proposition was made to call it " Lord's , Day ",pr Sunday Union, but this was rejected. Deep regrets were expressed by Audrey of the Church of England and others, that the Greek' and Roman 'Catholics were not represented in the conference, but many were the expressions of confidence that these bodies would cast their influence and support in, favor of the union. Judging from the work of Sabbath unions in other lands, we, may look for a demand upon the Government of Japan for a Sabbath law, for this is the sole object of Sabbath unions. Japan is a heathen country, and until recently the entire Ł people worshiped heathen gods and ob-served heathen institutions in obedience to the laws of the country. The time came when Japan admit-ted the missionary to teach her people a knowledge 43f the Creator of the universe and the gospel of the :Son of God. Can it be possible that the church of  the living God is so dependent on the powers of earth that it must seek the aid of a heathen govern-ment in upholding the very institution that is supposed to distinguish the true God from all false gods? Jesus, after his resurrection, said: "All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth." " Go yc therefore into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature." If these men in Japan are the ambassadors of Jesus Christ, they have no, need of any power save that of the King whom they serve. It is a shame for the church that calls itself Christ's to invoke the aid of any government, much less of heathen governments, in the furtherance of its work. THE LOGIC OF INTOLERANCE. " Tins, the best republic in the world," declared one of the speakers at the Sheboygan meeting of the Wisconsin. Sunday Rest Day Association, ""is"  built upon that 'rigid Puritanical observance of the Sabbath. Destroy that and you destroy the repub-lic; and another band of Pilgrinis 'will be-  found hunting some spot on which to found a Christian republic." It is by such declarations that men attempt to identify religion and religious institutions with the state, and to make heresy synonomous with disloy-alty. A notable example 'of this is furnished by a tract, "The Aniei4can Sabbath," published by the Presbyterian Board of Publication, wherein Rev. Robert Patterson, D. D., says: " It is the right of the state to protect by law, such a fundamental support of government. This attack on the' Sabbath is treason against the very foundation of government. As such, let it be re-resisted by every American citizen. The American Sabbath is essential to American liberty, to our re-public, and to God's religion." On the same subect, Dr. W. F. Crafts says in his book, " The Sabbath for Man ": " It is the conviction of the majority that the nation can not be preserved without religion, nor religion without the:Sabbath, nor the Sabbath with-out laws; therefore Sabbath laws are enacted by the right of self-preservation, not in violation of liberty, but for its protection."-H-Page 248.. It is the same old argument in justification of religious intolerance. '" It is expedient for us," said Caiaphas, " that one man' should die for the ALLEN MOON. 44 