Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political,ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MAY 29, 1889. NUMBER 18. Arrrigical2 Bei2tNel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YoRIC; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALoNzo T. joNRs. ANY religion that seeks the protection of hu-man government thereby admits its own weakness and lack of vitality. A religion that cannot es-tablish itself is unworthy of alliance with govern-ment, and should not have its protection., This movement is subversive of liberty, and conducive to religious sham and parade.ŠReason. THE Iron Mountain Railway, a branch of the Missouri Pacific system, has given Notice that all unnecessary Sunday trains, both passenger and freight, will be discontinued on that road after May 1. It does well. Any railroad that is in the habit of running unnecessary trains on any day in the week ought to discontinue them if it wishes to make any money. THE Pearl of Days says that "nearly nine thousand persons witnessed the Sunday base-ball game at Ridgewood, L. I., on Sunday, April 14." And so it is everywhere. It is an undeniable fact that the majority of people in the United States do not regard Sunday religiously. There-fore the attempt of the American Sabbath Union to enforce the religious observance of the day is an attempt on the part of the minority to over-ride the will of the majority. Such people have no right to apply the word American to them-selves. O' Ł V THE New York World says:Š "The fact that the restriction of Sunday trains on the New York Central Road to business only which will not bear delay, is to be accompanied by corre-sponding reduction of pay, robs the change of all attract-iveness to the employes concerned. Similarly the movement to persuade the street-car companies to re-duce the Sunday transportation service will prove unpopular with the men when it is known that it means a diminished opportunity to earn money. It will scarcely be contended that seven days' pay can be regularly given for six days' work, and this ap-pears to be a necessary condition to bring the philan-thropists and those whom they desire to benefit together on the same ground." That shows clearly the full extent of the work-ingmen's desire for a Sunday law. If those who work on Sundays could get the same wages for six days' work that they now do for seven, they would very naturally like to have Sunday work stopped. So they would like to have work stopped every day in the week, if they could get  as much money by lying idle as they now get by working. As we have often stated, money, and not conscience, rules in this matter. If a man is conscientious in regard to Sunday observance, he will not work on Sunday, and nobody can compel him to, law or no law. If he is not conscientious as to Sunday observance, and chooses to work on that day, nobody has any right to interfere and say that he must rest. To do so would be fully as great an infringement of his liberty as it would be to compel him to work on Sunday if he didn't want to. The Sunday-law people talk against monopolies, yet they propose to build up the greatest monopoly this country has ever seen. Dr. Crafts at Pittsburg. THE event of the evening of the second day of the National Reform Convention at Pittsburg was the speech by Dr. Crafts, entitled,'" Liberty and the Sabbath." With the exception of the speech by Dr. McAllister on the "School.Theory of Education," this was the only one of the speeches, so far as we have received them, con-taining anything worthy of notice. That which makes this speech noteworthy is not its logic, be-cause it has none, but the perverted ideas of lib-erty to which the speaker gave expression. In the beginning of his speech, he referred to the Sunday-law petition, copies of which had been placed in the seats, and which he read. It has been changed somewhat, so we will quote it as it now reads :Š " To the United States Senate.ŠThe undersigned or-ganizations and adult residents of the United States, twenty-one years of age or more, earnestly petition you to pass a bill forbidding in the Government's mails, military service, and inter-state commerce, and in the District of Columbia, and Territories, all Sunday traffic and work, excepting works of necessity and mercy, and such private work by those who religiously and regularly observe another day of the week, by ab-staining from labor and business, as will neither inter-fere with the general rest nor with public worship." Concerning this, Mr. Crafts said : " It may be best to define it as a supplement to the State Sab-bath law, by doing through Congress what the States cannot do,Šgiving protection to thousands beyond the jurisdiction of the State laws." From this it seems that Mr. Crafts's idea of liberty and protection is that they shall be guaranteed only to those who think as he does ; and that every-body else must be deprived of liberty and pro-tection. Mr. Crafts knows as well as we do that public worship is already protected, and that no Sunday law could afford any better protection to it.  than it has now. His continually harping on that string shows that he is working for a law from some other motive than that of reason and regard for religion. While we are talking about protection to re-ligious worship, it may not be amiss to inquire  why those who religiously and regularly observe another day, are not entitled to as much protec-tion as those who observe the first day. If Mr. Crafts says it is because those who observe an-other day are in the wrong, then he contradicts his statement that the Sunday law is not, a relig-ious law. To say that Saturday is not the correct day for Christians to observe, and to say that Sunday is the proper day, and ought, therefore, to be enforced by the State, is to say that the State should decide for people on questions of religious duty, or, in other words, that the State should act as Pope. But the answer which Mr. Crafts does give is that those who observe another day are so few that they are not worth noticing. In his speech he spoke of the opposition to his movement as composed of " two little Christian sects, professedly Christian,Šthe Seventh-day Adventists and Sev-enth-day Baptists, who, with the Jews, make about one per cent. of the population." Of course he knows that his wished-for law will work great disadvantage to these people, but he philosophic-ally answers that it is better for a few to suffer in order that many may be benefited. This is what the false-hearted high priest Caiaphas said when the council were considering whether or not Je-sus should be tolerated. He said that it was ex-pedient that one man should die in order that the whole nation should not perish. So, in order to save the nation, they put the one man to death ; nevertheless, the whole nation miserably perished, and for the very reason that they rejected Jesus in order to save themselves. Now we will say this, that any law which works injustice to a single individual in a nation, is an unjust law; and the man that talks about securing liberty for the multitude by means of a law which shall deprive a few equally deserv-ing persons of their liberty, shows that lie does not understand the first principles of liberty and justice, but is at heart a tyrant. True liberty knows no favoritism. It may seem to some of the Sunday-law workers that liberty for the people can be obtained only by a law which will de-prive some people of their liberty; but they will find in the end, that they are grievously mistaken, as did the Jewish people who crucified Christ in order that they might retain their nationality. Their ideas of liberty, and of gaining it, are just such ideas as were held by Napoleon, who, in order to gain his ends, which no doubt he forced himself to believe were for the good of the people, heartlessly sacrificed thousands of men. When people find that in their supposed march to lib-erty they are obliged to trample upon the rights of a single individual, they should halt, and take that as a sure indication that they are on the wrong road. Referring to the observers of the seventh day 