THE AIVIERICA_N SENTINEL. 21 on this question. As carefully as possible we followed him in taking testimony in California, and the weight of testimony in the cities was against the Chinese, and in the country, amongst the farmers, in their favor. And in our travels in the State we have found it to be ever the same. The farmers have generally given, as their main reason, that the Chinese are steady, laborious, and sober, and, all this in marked contrast with very many of other la-borers. They are the most peaceable and so- ber of all foreign laborers in America whom we have ever known; in the East the laborers of several other nationalities have proved far more troublesome than the Chinese have on this coast. We readily concede that, at the present time this is not altogether a political question; it has become a question of morals and of per- sonal rights. Of morals, 'because we are asked to take a position which no Christian can con-sistently take. We honor those who have zeal-ously labored in the Chinese missions in this State. We have the fullest assurance that un-der their labors many genuine conversions have taken place. Believing this, we dare not en-gage in any warfare against that people that we would not engage in against our common Master and Head, who says, " Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me." When we are asked to unite with those who would deny them the necessaries of life, we remember the words of our Lord, and must emphatically refuse. And whatever may be the consequences for a short season, we know that He who hears the cry of the humble poor will vindicate our decision and our action. That it is a question of personal rights we prove by citing the decision of Judge Sawyer, recently made, in the case of the " Stockton Laundry Ordinance." In this he said:Š " If this ordinance be valid, it is difficult to perceive what rights the people of California have which a municipal corporation is bound to respect. Of course, no one can, in fact, doubt the purpose of this ordinance. It means, The Chinese must go.' And, in order that they shall go, it is made to encroach upon one of the most sacred rights of citizens of the State of California of the Caucasian race, as well as upon the rights of the Mongolian. t should be re-membered that the same clause in our Constitu-tion which protects the rights of every native cit-izen of the United States born of Caucasian par-ents, equally protects the rights of the Chinese in-habitant who is lawfully in the country. When this barrier is broken down as to the Chinese, it is equally swept away as to every American citizen; and in this instance the ordinance reaches American citizens as well as Chinese residents." In this decision Judge Sawyer did not de- clare the ordinance void solely because it was subversive of the rights of American citizens, but because of its manifest injustice to all. Before the law he places all on an equality. This decision must meet the approval of every candid person throughout the whole country; but it is a standing condemnation of the meth-ods now being largely adopted of depriving the Chinese of their rights. All the Chinese who are now in the State are lawfully here, except, perhaps, a few who had no right to come in under the present laws. And, as the San Fran- cisco Argonaut well said, if the Chinaman is lawfully here, if he has a legal right to be here, he has an unquestioned right to live, a right to labor for his living; and the truthfulness of Judge Sawyer's remarks is shown in this, that they who are trying to deprive the Chinaman now here under treaty obligations, of his right to make an honest living, publicly avow their intention to starve out all who will not aid them in starving out the Chinamen! We do not deny their right to let the Chinese entirely alone, and to refuse to employ them, but we do deny their right to compel others by mob force to do as they do. By special invitation we attended an anti-Chinese meeting in this city. The cause for which the meeting was called must certainly have been injured in the mind °of every Chris-tian, and of every one who has a high regard for right and justice. We were shocked to hear a man who was introduced by Ł the title of " Reverend," travesty the Bible and utter libels on the gospel. With one thing in his remarks wo were pleased, namely, that he admitted the charge that boycotting is a cowardly method of ruining the business of those who disagree with them. We were not pleased to hear the sentiment cheered, ,as expressed by another, that "if boycotting will not answer, we will do something worse!" Considering that these methods are not only against the Chinese, but against all who are not in union with these un-lawful methods, these threats are startling, and our citizens ought to be awake to the dangers impending. If the people of California expect to have their petitions respected by our National Legislature, they must go to Washington with utterances vastly different from these. If they wish to present the " united " voice of Califor-nia, they must not let Congress know that this union has been obtained by coercion, by threats of ruination to dissenters; for boycotting is co-ercion by threats of personal injury, and noth-ing less. We speak of this because the desire has been expressed to present the united voice of Cali-fornia to induce Congress to pass niore effect-ive anti-Chinese measures. We verily believe that the cause will be seriously injured before Congress by the methods which are now being adopted in California and elsewhere. The Chinese minister at Washington is vigorously pressing upon our Government the fact that his Government will not only require indemnity for the outrages committed in Wyoming and Washington, but will require protection for its people here from further outrages. Our Gov-ernment expects to have to indemnify China for the riots at Rock Springs and Seattle, and the papers report that at a recent Cabinet meet-ing the President expressed his determination to protect the Chinese in every right they pos-sess in this country. We think 'we speak ad-visedly when we say that the methods now being adopted in California cannot fail to work powerfully against the anti-Chinese cause in Congress and with the President and his ad-visers. When these matters are fully discussed in the East, and in the halls of Congress, there must be a re-action against the coercive meas-ures now being pursued. We expect to see the  time, and that not long hence, when they who boycott will be declared the real enemies of the anti-Chinese cause. The honor of California and the Pacific Coast now rests with the very few papers which dare to denounce such nilŁ worthy methods. Besides the religious papers, honorable mention should be made of the Ar-gonaut and Golden Gate of San Francisco, and the Oregonian of Portland. The latter is the ablest paper in Oregon. We are native-born American citizens; we did not have to pay for the boon of citizenship; and we think we understand too well the spirit of Americans to believe that they will long submit to be ruled by threats, and coerced to do the will of organizations outside of the law. We are law-abiding citizens, and so intend to be. And we shall try by every lawful means to prove our loyalty to the Government, and shall continue to value our citizenship, provid-ing that the Government makes our citizenship of any value, by protecting us in the peaceable possession of those rights which are guaran-teed to us by our Constitution and laws. J. A. W. Relation of Civil Governments to the Moral Law. AMONG right-minded persons there can be no question as to the right of earthly Govern-ments to exist. There is a class of persons known as "Nihilists," who deny that there is any necessity for government or law, or that one person has a right to exercise any author-ity over another; but these persons, true to their name, believe in nothing; had they the power, they would cast God down from the throne of the universe as readily as they would the earthly monarch from his limited dominion. With such persons we have nothing to do. It is useless to argue with those who will not ad-mit self-evident propositions. The only argu-ment that can effectually reach them is the strong arm of the law which they hate. Our argument shall be addressed to those who ac-knowledge God as the Creator and the supreme ruler of the universe, and the Bible as the com-plete and perfect revelation of his will concern-ing his creatures on this earth. With such, the declaration of the prophet, that " the Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will" (Dan. 4: 25), and the statement of the apostle, that "the powers that be are ordained of God " (Rom. 13 : 1), to-gether with many other Scripture references to earthly Governments, are sufficient evidence that nations have a right to exist. Admitting that earthly Governments are in the divine order of things, the next question is, For what purpose? The word itself indi-cates the answer: Governments exist for the purpose of governing, or in other words, for the purpose Łof enforcing laws by which justice and harmony may be maintained. The apostle Peter says that governors are sent by the Lord "for the punishment of evil-doers, and for the praise of them that do well." 1 Peter 2 : 13, 14. Paul says also that the ruler is God's minister to execute wrath upon them that do evil. Rom. 13 : 4. The next step in the investigation would naturally be to find out what laws earthly'  