222 .A_NM' CAN RE:INT:TN DAL. VOL. 10, No. 28. some other source. "For what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh [or on account of the weakness of the flesh], God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh: that the righteousness of the law might .be fulfilled in its, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit." Rem. 8: 3, 4. Here we have a definition of the word "end" as found in Rem. 10: 4. That is, that Christ is the object or design of the law for righteous-ness to every. believer. The two statements are exactly parallel. One makes Christ the object of the law for righteousness to us; the other makes him fulfill the righteousness of the law in us. When God pardons our sins on condition of faith and repentance he at the same time imputes to us the righteousness of the law and we are justified, or are accounted just, as if we had never broken the law. Then as we continue to walk by faith in the Son of God, He imparts to us his righteousness in the work of sanctification, and thus we are " kept [in obedience to the law] by the power of God through faith unto salvation, ready to be re-vealed in the last time." Then the law and the prophets both witness to the righteousness of the law 'which Christ fulfills in us, (Rom. 3: 21), and, in this way the object of the law is fully met in the believer. " Do we then make void [or abolish] the law through faith? God forbid: yea, we establish [ratify, make sure or enduring] the law." For " it is easier for heaven and earth to pass, than for one tittle of the law to fail." Luke 16: 17. And so the Sabbath will remain as long as the new heavens and the new earth remain. Isa. 66: 22, 23. J. F. BALLENGER. PRESS COMMENTS ON SOUTHERN PERSE- CUTION. Where the Blame Rests. [From the Oakdale (Neb.) Sentinel, June 29.] OFTEN a court is not so much to blame for an infamous decision as are the laws. As an instance illustrating this point may be cited the case of the eight Adventists arrested in Tennessee and tried during March of this year for violating the Sunday law of that State. These peaceable men who minded their own business and interfered with no one's rights, were on complaint of malicious parties brought into court and thrown into jail for exercising their natural and constitutional right to wor-ship God according to the dictates of their own consciences. The sentence was passed by Judge Parks, in accordance with the law, but in violation of his own sense of justice, and he deplored the fact that he could not do otherwise, and declared that the law ought to be repealed. And it was on his recommenda-tion that the prisoners were pardoned by Gov-ernor Turney. In this case no blame was at-tached to the court, much blame was attached to the law, and the most blame rested on the parties who, out of pure malice, brought on the persecution. No more forcible demon- stration is needed of the fact that we have often emphasized, namely, that all Sunday laws are vile relics of the Dark Ages and the union of Church and State, and are absolutely wrong and senseless, and should be repealedŠevery one of them. And we believe that if the member of any supreme court were as conscientious as Judge Parks, and such a case should be brought before them, they would declare the Sunday law unconstitutional, as it plainly is in a State, not to say nation, that guarantees religious liberty by its constitution. Still these persecutions go on, in Tennessee as well as in other States, and are often brought about by professed Christians of ether churches out of pure jealousy and enviousness. Ł Chain-Gang For For Sunday Laws. [From the Iowa State Register.] ALL newspaper readers have heard of the cruelties which were Łinflicted upon the Sev-enth-day Adventists in tilt State of Tennessee. But more recently a Georgia case of a similar nature has attracted wide attention. The name of this man is James Allison. He was referred to by the judge before whom he was tried, as an upright, moral and intelligent man, law-abiding in all respects except as to sabbath observance. The fact that he had worked on Sunday was admitted, so was the fact that he had faithfully observed Saturday as his Sunday. But the law left no discre-tion, and the man was doomed to the chain-gang for a period of twelve months. Think of it! And even then the judge was lenient, so severe are the laws of the State of Georgia, as interpreted in the Douglas County courts. The law imposes a fine of $1,000, imprison-ment six months, and twelve months in the chain-gang, any one or all of them in the dis-cretion of the judge. Is it possible that men are-still condemned to chain-gangs for not observing Sunday, the first day of the week, as others think they ought to observe it? It is a reproach to Amer-ican civilization. Those Georgia laws belong to the period of the Inquisition. The South, with its chain-gangs for theological offenders and lynchings for colored men, and stake-burnings, is two hundred years behind the right time. And yet, no one doubts if certain sour-hearted clerics in even Iowa could have their way, they would have Sunday laws en-forced in the same way. Religious Intolerance. [From Custer County Beacon, Broken Bow, Neb., June 20.] THE American people, to-day, read of the persecution of the Quakers, Baptists, Catho-lics and other religious sects in the early his-tory of the country, with mingled feelings of regret and pity, and congratulate themselves that the days of bigotry and religious intoler-ance are over. They look upon the intoler-ance of our ancestors as they look upon the spirit of persecution which characterized the Dark Ages. But let's not allow our joy over  the spirit of liberality supposed to prevail to-day, to transport us beyond reason. It's only been a few days since Elder Colcord, president of a Seventh-day Adventist academy at Grays-ville, Tenn., and seven co-workers, were ar-rested under the laws of that State, tried on the charge of " exercising and carrying on the common avocations of life on the Sabbath," convicted, and sent to jail. It seems that the law under which they were indicted remains upon the statute book of that State, contrary to the provision of the Federal Constitution which declares that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, dr prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; " and also a provision of the State constitution which declares " That all men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own conscience." The imprisonment of men for worshiping God according 'to the dictates of their own conscience is barbarous, and a State that practices it in this enlightened age will merit the condemnation of the civilized world. The people of the State of Tennessee ought to repeal the barbarous law, and get in line with the advancing army of progress. What Is The World Coming To? [From Milton (Ore.) Eagle, May 31.] THE Eagle is in receipt of advices from Douglasville, Georgia, that Mr. J. Q. Allison, of that place, has been convicted of violating the sabbath statute of that State. Following this information comes the word that Missis-sippi has followed in the footsteps of Georgia and has arrested Mr. R. T. Nash, at Amory, for a similar crime. Both of these men are Adventists, and the conclusion is arrived at that the prosecution is entirely due to their religious preferences. Now, the Eagle has not a particle of the belief of the Adventists in its composition and never will have;, yet we abhor all such pro-ceedings as are above chronicled. Religious and political liberty are the principal founda-tion stones of our government. We make the boast that every man is at liberty to have his own peculiar political preferences and entitled to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. These privileges are due him as a citizen of a free, enlightened govern-ment in this nineteenth century, and yet many of our citizens have suffered the indignity of late, for the simple act of performing little tasks of manual labor on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, of being thrown into prison along with murderers, thugs and thieves. What in the name of de-cency and common sense is the world coming to? There must be a vast number of religious fanatics holding judicial offices in those States that such things should exist. Fortunately, such instances of persecution are extremely isolated, else a war in behalf of religious free-dom would be necessary, similar to that waged by our forefathers in behalf of political free-dom when the yoke of British rule was thrown aside and the colonies stepped forth free 