THE AMEIRICAN 8VNTIN1L: 253 gether one complete Nation from the diverse material by which we are sur-rounded. And, finally, let us have a Prohibition party, and temperance socie-ties, where no wrangling over belief or unbeliefs shall enter, and where both Catholic and Protestant can work side by side to abolish the saloon that has been so great a curse to both.ŠEmily R. Truman, Iowa Falls, Iowa. Ł Ł  Ł  Who Will Govern the World's Fair. [In the course of a trenchant criticism upon the action of Congress in reference to the World's Fair, the Philadelphia North American gives utterance to some plain facts, and tells some truths worth reading and remembering. They are reprinted be-low.] WE can respect the conscientious scru-ples of the honest Sabbatarian, and allow for the universal tendency to prescribe rules for the other fellow. But every honest man, if intelligent, knows that Sunday is not the Sabbath, and that it is optional with all to observe it or ignore it as a holy day. When it was decided not to open the Centennial Exhibition on Sun-days some persons thought it a triumph for Sabbatarianism, while every man who kept his eyes open knew that the boasted exclusion was a farce. The fact was that the exhibition was visited by thousands on Sunday, but the class that would have been benefited had the gates been freely opened were not benefited at all. Tens of thousands of dollars were spent in actual desecration of the day, whereas had the ex-hibition gates been opened as on other days, the money that was worse than flung away would have gone into the till of th exhi-bition, while the moral gain would have been enormous. But on the merest senti-mental technicality the doors of the exhi-bition were closed and the gates of excess opened wide. The Chicago Exposition seems likely to rank first among national functions. The people of Chicago are not very hidebound as respects the metes and bounds estab-lished by ecclesiastical bodies. But the Columbian affair, though to be located at Chicago, will not be a Chicago, but a na-tional, affair. A vast majority of Amer-icans have no superstitious regard for any day, while yet holding to one day of rest in seven. But rest depends on the consti-tution of the individual. A man who should be idle six days wiiruld find rest in activity on the seventh. The man who works hard six days finds rest in ceasing to labor on the seventh. But on that day he must decide for himself how he will rest, always within the law. He may get drunk on the seventh day and otherwise imbrute himself, but if such is his idea of rest, the law provides for him. If he elects to go to church, very well, and, generally, that goes to his credit. But he may as properly elect to go into the woods and fields and take his revenge on tired nature there. Christianity was intended to make men free, and man must be free in this country. He must have liberty on every day alike and license on none. If the Columbian Exposition people are wise, they will refuse to accept any favors from the Government on such conditions. They should deny the right of Congress to impose conditions so wholly at war with the spirit of the age. So far as money is involved the Government will be a minority. If a majority of the con-tributors are opposed to Sunday openings, then they have an indefeasible right to say  so, and having said so, to be obeyed. Let the Chicagoans decide how many days they will have in the Exposition period. It is their right to do it. They will prob-ably do it. They Drop the "Civil." A MEETING in the interest of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union was held in the Market St., Methodist Episcopal Church, Paterson, New Jersey, on the night of August 7. The attendance was large, and the speakers were apparently in a jubilant mood over the passage of the Quay amend-ment to the bill appropriating funds to the World's Fair. The speaker of the evening was the Rev. Mr. George, Field Secretary of the American Sabbath Union. He.  had the ten commandments read in the opening exercises, and began his address by read-ing from Isaiah 58: 13: " If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day." After repeating with emphasis the words, " the Sabbath," he said, " I believe a great deal in a name, and have never fully liked the name ' Sunday.' " No wonder ; who would like it when trying to bolster up a heathen festival with scripture intended wholly for the seventh day ? During the entire meeting there was not the least mention of the " civil Sab-bath," about which we heard so much when this " Union " was first organized ; but, on the other hand, Mr. George, while talking about the Sunday mails, remarked that, " There is no more religion in such work than in hitching up to the plow, and plowing all day." Then in a burst of oratory in regard to the passage of the Quay amendment, closing the World's Fair on Sunday, he said it was "the grandest victory of the age, the Nation putting itself on the-  side of God, and his holy law." In fact his entire address was divested of everything pertaining to a civil day. The speaker went farther than to rejoice over what has been done, and said, " I have learned that . . . we hold the Unittd States Senate in our hands." Concerning the future work of themselves as dictators, he said that they should say to Congress, "You are our serv-ants; quit running those Sunday trains." As usual with such speakers, Mr. George classed all seventh-day observers with the infidel, atheistic, socialistic, and rum element, in opposing the passage of Sun-day laws, and said, " We met these men face to face, . . . and the men we had to meet were the Seventh-day Adventists and the men I have mentioned." As he spoke the name of this denomination he fairly hissed it through his teeth, and to show the real demon spirit in the move he said of the proposed attempt to repeal the Sunday closing clause, " It can not be re-pealed. We mean to maintain it . . . at the point of the bayonet." It must be very patent to the readers of THE SENTINEL that the "entering wedge" of religious legislation, of which its editors have been telling us, has already done its work. CHAS. F. PARMELE. The Endeavorers and their Boycott. AT the great Christian Endeavor Con-vention, held in this city, the Endeavorers of Ohio, at the time of the taking of the vote for the adoption of resolutions ask-ing Congress to require the Sunday clos- ing of the World's Fair, rose in a boff3' and shouted in chorus this campaign cry:; 0-hi-o, We won't go To the World's Fair If it keeps open Sunday Or liquor's sold there. The convention as a whole refused to commit itself to any such pledge. The Christian Endeavor Society of Ohio has, however, thus publicly put itself on record that it will not attend the World's Fair if it should be open on Sunday. If the managers of the Fair should succeed in persuading Congress to reverse the Sun-day closing proviso before the Fair opens, the Ohio Endeavorers will be in honor bound to stay away. Such a self-denial would really be but a slight penance for the fraudulent repeated petitions running into millions, which were sent from Ohio, and for which they bear their proportion-ate responsibility. However, it appears that the enthusias-tic delegates find it difficult to obtain the full support of their constituency to the course to which the delegation has com-mitted itself. This " special " to the Cin-cinnati Commercial shows a difference of opinion on this matter among the rank and file :Š Dr. McCauley, of Dayton, Ohio, was present at the convention of the Christian Endeavor Societies, of Ironton, in an effort to organize a boycott against the World's Fair, in case the gates are opened on Sunday, or liquor is sold on the grounds. He has visited several Christian Endeavor conventions, in-cluding the national convention in New York, for the same purpose. He introduced his resolution, which practically pledged all members of the En-deavor Societies not to attend the Fair, in case of Sunday opening or liquor selling, and, after an ex-citing debate, it was decided not to place his reso-lution to vote. Pastor Marsh, of the First Congre-gational Church, approved Dr. McCauley's plan in the main, but objected to pledging the society as a whole, to boycott the Fair. He thought the mem-bers should be allowed to do as they saw fit in the matter, and objected strenuously to using the re-ligious organizations as a boycott machine, espe-cially since courts and even labor organizations were beginning to frown upon this method of set-tling disputes. The boycott is nothing more nor less than conspiracy. Those who organize to boycott the World's Fair are guilty of conspiring together to injure or destroy a great enterprise. It is not the act of a Christian, or of a worthy, law-abiding citizen, in Dr. McCauley, to engineer an organized conspiracy to injure the finan-cial interests of the directors and stock-holders of the World's Fair and destroy the business prospects of this corporation. It is to the credit of the Christian En-deavorers that some of them see this fact, and refuse to become a party to any such improper action. W. H. M. The Sunday Law Movement in Foreign Countries. THE following from the Michigan Chris-tian Advocate, of July 16, gives something of an idea of how rapidly the theory is spreading that Sunday observance should be compelled by law :Š Never has the subject of Sabbath observance attracted such universal attention as at present. Many of the nations have passed laws regulating Sunday work. Some of these show very advanced sentiment in regard to the keeping of the Lord's day. In Austria, women and minors are forbid-den to work in factories, on Sunday, and a govern-ment permit is necessary in order to carry on any manufacturing business on that day. Sunday evening and Monday morning papers are not al-lowed, as the work of them must be done on Sun-day. Switzerland gives all workmen employed in mills, factories or shops, the entire day, and all 