MAY 11, is03. AlviIMPUCAN 149 interpretation to be forced upon the con-sciences of men ? Has it come to that stage of results that our legislators not only listen to such " instruction " and " persuasion " but actually follow it ? It is eve:. so. And the " hopes and fears " that influence these men to do this are demon-strated to be none other than the " hopes " of office and the " fears " of not getting or retaining it unless they yield to such " in-structive persuasion," etc. The Statesman has given, unwittingly it may be, a per-fect example of how this influence is used. C. A. WYMAN. Church and State. [Of a bill before the Minnesota Legislature, a cor-respondent of the St. Paul Daily News writes to the editor of that journal as follows PERMIT me a little space in your valu-able paper to examine and dissect a certain bill now pending in the House, known as House File No. 413; the same being a bill making Sabbath-breaking a misdemeanor, punishable by a penalty of $100, or ninety days imprisonment, or both. The judi-ciary committee, to whom the bill was referred, have amended by making the fine $50, and recommend the passage of the same. The bill partakes altogether too much of the spirit of paternalism, being offered os-tensibly in the interests of certain clerks, who are not satisfied with the law as it now stands imposing a fine of $10. But as they desire the enjoyment of certain privileges, they ask the State to become an accomplice in denying to others equal privileges, and compelling others to do as they think they ought to do. If those who offer the measure wish to keep Sun-day, let them educate their consciences to as strict an observance as they may de-sire, but let not the State become an ac-complice in the compulsory observance of religious institutions. But if they desire the law because they fear loss of position in case of obedience to their convictions, then let them learn lessons of independ-ence and self-respect, and self-reliance, and not ask the State to do that which would be but to deprive them of their own man-hood, by making the State the conservator of their own rights; for in so doing they become but slaves to the State and exalt the State above the people. Moreover, if these claim the right to observe Sunday as a day of rest, religiously or otherwise, let them remember that the right of their neighbor not to observe the day, or to ob-serve it as he pleases, is just as dear to him and just as sacred, and they have no authority, morally or legally, to deprive him of that right. And yet again, let the promoters of that bill remember that the constitution of the State is the safeguard of the rights of the citizen, and also pre-scribes the acts of our legislators in all such matters, and stands as a barrier against all such legislation. Now as their representatives have obli-gated themselves by an oath to support that constitution, let them not ask these representatives to violate their oath of office, and override the safeguard of the rights of the people, as they would do should they consent to legislate upon such questions. The constitution is the supreme law of the State, and as the supreme law of the State, in simple, plain, and unmis-takable language, does forbid any such legislation, let them not forget their high privileges and duties, as citizens, of obedience to and maintenance of the su- preme law of the State. And let them not become supreme law-breakers, by advoca-ting a measure so directly opposed to the supreme law; nor should they urge others to become such, by enacting such a law. And let those who would urge its pas-sage never forget that if they admit that the State may interfere in respect to the rights of their neighbor, and legislate in this case as they desire against the rights of a neighbor, the State may by the same right and by the same power, legislate to take away your rights, should the tables be turned in behalf of your neighbor. Thus it is, we can see the wisdom and the justice of the denial by the constitution, of the right of interference, in such mat-ters, by the State. More than this, admit-ting the right of this interference would justify the right of the State to legislate and prescribe the mode of baptism and its adoption; or the enforcement of any other Christian ordinance. But, if it be urged as a religious neces-sity, and because it is an institution of the Church, let all remember the words of the Author of the Christian religion, when he said, " My kingdom is not of this world, else would my servants fight." And at one time when one of his disciples would use the sword in defense of his Master, Christ said, " Put up thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish by the sword." And yet again : " Render therefore to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." So we must conclude that coercion in matters of reli-gion is not according to the plan of the Author of the Christian religion, and therefore is not Christian. Evidently, Ceesar has enough to do to take care of civil matters. And this is the only thing for which the State is ordainedŠto care for all things civil. And as CessarŠthe StateŠis ordained in civil matters, it can not know anything about religion. And as the State does not, in the very nature of the case know anything about religion, it has always made a bad job, in inter-meddling itself with religion. It has al-ways made a failure, and always will make a failure whenever the attempt is made. There is nothing but evil in the attempt, and nothing but evil can come out of it, And so it is much better for all concerned, that the State let religious matters alone. But if any would urge it from a civil standpoint, let these remember that if the Sunday had not been a religious institu-tion, we never would have heard of Sun-day laws, with fines and imprisonments. It is an utter impossibility to separate it from the religious, and make it civil. But let them show their sincerity by dropping this, and urging the passage of a bill to give all employ& a day of rest without losing their situation, giving the employs his choice of the day. Let them put themselves in the other men's shoes, and ask the State to enact no law of which they would not be willing to bear its pen-alty, should the tables be turned. As all this is true of the proposed legis-lation, so is it also applicable to any and all past religious legislation by the State. This being the case, then it is true that the Wacek bill to repeal these Sunday laws, is as meritorious a measure as is this one to be deplored. And every argu-ment here offered is as applicable against all religious laws, and proves the advisa-bility of the passage of the Wacek bill. One thing should never be forgotten, and  that is the fact that all the persecution that has stained almost every page of modern history, can of a truth be laid at the door of religious legislation. An(l  such persecutions can never be made pos-sible in the absence of such legislation. Then let the State protect all in the enjoy-ment of their right, but grant special favors to none. H. F. PHELPS. Catholics and Continental Union. [This article is from the New York Sun, of the 22nd ult. Editorial comment on it will be found on the last page of this paper]. THE movement in the province of Que-bec, ostensibly aimed at political inde-pendence, really contemplates incorpora-tion with the United States. That such would be the outcome of Quebec's separa-tion from the Dominion and from Great Britain is not denied by ex-Premier Mercier, who has become the chief advo-cate of the project among French Cana-dians. But the French Canadians can hardly be induced to vote for an inde-pendence which will mean annexation, unless their clergy are convinced that the interests of the Catholic Church would not suffer through the conversion of the prov-ince of Quebec into a State of the Union. At present not only the priests of rural parishes, but some of the most distin-guished members of the Catholic hierarchy in Montreal and Quebec seem imperfectly informed respecting the limited powers of the Federal Government in matters of re-ligion; which the States regulate for themselves. In these circumstances, it is possible for American Catholics, whether members of the clergy or laity, to powerfully further the continental union movement. Espe-cially is this true of the Catholics of New York City, whose relations with Montreal are intimate, and of the Catholics of the New England States, which, during the last twenty years, have received a tre-mendous inflow of French Canadian im-migrants. There is incessant communi-cation by letter, and there is frequent personal intercourse between American Catholics in this portion of our country and their co-religionists in the province of Quebec. What they say will be believed, and they have only to set forth facts with which all our citizens ought to be familiar. They have only to send to their friends in French-speaking Canada copies of the Federal Constitution to convince them that while the Federal Government is forbid-den to establish a particular Church in the country at large, there is nothing to prevent a given State from doing so. The Virginians might, for instance, have con-tinued, had they so chosen, to pay tithes to the Episcopal Church formerly estab-lished in their colony, and the citizens of Massachusetts might have continued to grant special privileges to ministers of the Congregational or so-called Orthodox Church. If the people of Quebec saw fit, after their province had been transformed into a State of the Union, to embody in their State Constitution a provision for the payment of tithes such as are now paid to the Catholic clergy, the act would lie wholly within their competence. To give, indeed, our friends in Quebec a still more striking illustration of the breadth of the powers reserved to States, we may point out that our Federal Constitution would not debar them from perpetuating the law of entail within their borders. It was some years after the adoption of the Federal 