AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 599 Reform By Politics. THE practical working of the theory of moral reform by politics is well set out in the following verses printed recently in the L. A. W. Bulletin. It is what must ever be the practical working of this theory so long as human nature remains what it is,Šthat is, until it is supplanted by the divine nature; and then no politics will be needed to secure good government. But the earth will not be peopled with individuals possessing the divine nature until the wicked have been removed from it by the final judgment. The author of the poem is Mr. Joe Lincoln:Š They're holding meetings everywhere, Said the "Heeler" to the "Boss;" "In every alley, lane and square That one may come across; They say they're going to 'clean us out'Š They're going to 'smash the ring,'Š And now they swarm to shout 'reform!' And all that sort of thing." The "Boss" winked at the "Heeler," And the "Heeler" chuckled sweet; And the "Boss" said "Yes? Well, then, I guess, We'll have to let 'em meet." "They've got the good folks on their list," Said the "Heeler" to the "Boss;" "The great and kind philanthropist Who speaks of gold as 'dross,' The clergymen, the orators, The pure of every:walk, And all the time they rail at crime, And talk, and talk, and talk." The "Boss" winked at the "Heeler," And the "Heeler" smiled a smile; And the "Boss" said, "Stuff ! Talk's well enough, But work is more our style." "They have a big procession out," Said the "HeelerŁ" to the "Boss;" "And music rings and children shout, And banners wave and toss; And in each crowded church and hall Good speakers cheer their souls, As oft they tell how quick and well They'll thrash us at the polls." The "Boss" winked at the "Heeler," And the "Heeler":grinned a grin; And the "Boss" said, "So? But!do they:know Just where to spend their 'tin'?" "The last returns have just:been:read," Said the "Heeler" to the "Boss;" "And we're some 'fifteen thou' ahead, And their's will be the loss. The 'moral party' spent its breath We spent the 'long green notes;' They talked and shirked, we simply worked, And now we've got the votes." The "Boss" winked at the:"Heeler," And the "Heeler" roared:a roar; "It seems to me," said the "Boss," that we Have done this thing before." A Significant Court Decision. JUDGE EDWARDS, of Scranton, Pa., has given a deci-sion which affirms that religious exercises in the public schools are proper under the laws of that State. In sup-port of this affirmation, among other things he says:Š "It must be considered that Christianity, which is the religion of the Bible, and the Bible itself, occupy a unique position in the early and subsequent history of Pennsylvania. In the year 1700 it was enacted that `Whoever shall speak loosely thereof and profanely of Almighty God, Christ Jesus, the Holy Spirit, or Script-ures of Truth, and is thereof legally convicted, shall for-feit and pay five pounds and be imprisoned for five days in the house of correction.' This law in substance is in force to-day." And this law being in force in Pennsylvania, this judge is not ashamed to call attention to the fact and to cite it in support of a practice which plainly cannot be justified by any other principle than that of church and state union. The attention of people everywhere in this country needs to be called to the fact that decisions of the courts, from the Supreme Court down, do not indi-cate that the Government is progressing toward more complete separation of church and state, but rather the contrary. Is It Fair to Roman Catholics? ROMAN CATHOLICS, in common with other people, are taxed for the support of the state schools. They educate their children in their own parochial schools, and claim that for this educational work they should be given a portion of the fund raised by taxation. Under the Amer-ican system of government no part of this fund goes for the maintenance of any sectarian school. The question whether this is fair to people who educate their children in such schools is well answered in the following dialogue between Dr. Clifford, of Australia, and a Roman Catho-lic, during the agitation for state support of religious schools in that country:Š Romanist.Š"What we want is no more than justice. We ought to have our share of the public funds devoted to education. We do the work; why cannot we be paid for it?" Dr. C.Š"Simply because you will do the work in your own way, and not in the way the state finds to be the only way that is fair and just to all the citizens." R.Š"Yes; but we have to contribute to, the support of the state schools, and maintain our own at the same time." C.Š"Certainly; what else can you expect? I have ed-ucated my own children in England, and yet I have had to contribute to the support of the state schools; but I need not have paid a penny towards the cost of the edu-cation over and above what I paid in the rates. The state schools were open to me, but I preferred to send them to University College School, and I paid for my preference. On your principle you could contract your 