AMERICAN SENTINEL. 647 dience (John ,12:47), any attempt of man, even of the most devoted apostle, to do so is contrary to Jehovah's plan. Such presumption is enmity against God; the power, so assuming, sets itself above God. Any attempt to enforce the Sabbath law by human power is a gross violation of the SabbathŠit is Sabbath-breaking in the highest degree. If Sabbath-keeping is "a right bestowed by God," as the Statesman admits, it cannot be an obligation to the State which the civil power should enforce. For the State to attempt to compel an obedience to God which can come only from the heart in order to be acceptable to him, is in no sense a protection, either to the institution so sought to be honored or to the parties so compelled. Any so-called Sabbath-keeping enforced by human legis-lation, or observed in any way except by heartfelt desire, is sheer hypocrisy. All effort at public enforcement of Sabbath observance, no matter what day may be desig-nated, can only result in a desecration of the Sabbath institution. No better illustration of this latter proposition could be found than the Sabbath traditions of the Jews. When Christ came to visit his people and to fulfil the prophecies referring to himself, he found the Jews great sticklers for the Sabbath, or rather for their traditions concerning the Sabbath. These traditions were simply human ordi-nances, but they were begotten of great zeal for the pro-tection of the "divine institution." They were compul-sory in the extreme, and condemnatory of all who disre-garded, them, as far as the power of their supporters extended; and their expectation of the Messiah was that he would make them universal. They verily thought that an "adequate law on the subject" "must protect the Sabbath in the sense in w hich" they regarded it. A prominent complaint against the Saviour was his alleged Sabbath-breaking, yet it was only their human traditions that he disregarded and re-buked. As a matter of course, their traditions extended to all of,the law, insomuch that Jesus declared that they had "made the commandment of God of none effect" by their traditions. "This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoreth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me. But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrine the commandments of men." Matt. 18:6-9. Just so it is with people of to-day who enact' or sus-tain the presumptive laws of men for the protection or the compulsory observance of divine institutions or ordi-nances. The only way in which men can honor God is to obey his law. To assume to alter, or amend, or add thereto, is highly dishonoring to his name and require-ments. THE Christian Citizen for October says that "Chris-tian citizenship is in the air this fall as never before." Are the readers of the SENTINEL aware of this fact, and of its significance? They ought to be. Signs of the Times in the Business World. "Present Truth.," London, Eng. IT is an age of confederacies and "trusts." The rich form them to add to their riches, and the poorer are join-ing together for common action against those holding the means of production. In it all, the Łrights of the in-dividual are not considered, and the tendency is toward the tyranny of the combination over the individual. The Scripture foretells the troubles that will come in the last days because of the rich heaping together their riches. In the end they will be for "booties" unto the oppressed, Habakkuk warns them, and the prophet James pro-nounces the woe upon them for their covetousness, at the same time showing that all the Lord's people will keep clear of both sides in the controversy, and wait patiently for the coming of the Lord. The signs of the coming struggle are apparent every-where, but in America they are most plainly to be seen. An American correspondent of the National Review says that the commercial world isŠ "full of rumors of the creation Of new trusts so gigantic and so far-reaching in their scope that those trusts al-ready in existence are mere pigmies compared to them." One trust now controlling the oil, iron ore, and sugar industries of America, purposes adding several other businesses, having so great an income that it can easily buy the controlling interest in almost any industry. Thus business and wealth in the United States are coming more and more into the hands of a few. The National Review says of this:Š "It is difficult to see what the end will be and when this process of absorption will end. There are perhaps two solutions which may be looked forward to during the next quarter of a century. One is a universal trust with a few men controlling all the industrial activities of the United States, and with the bulk of the American people its employes. The other is a repetition of the French Revolution, but the revolution of 1925, if it comes, will be more terrible in its consequences and more destructive in its results than that of 1793, because to-day the people are more numerous, more determined and more intelli-gent, and their power to work good or evil has increased tenfold since the days of Robespierre and Danton. The one thing that would hold in check these elements of violence, both as to the lawless greed of the capitalists and the lawless covetousness of the poor, is the gospel. But the world does not want this generally. And too often the churches,Šand this is the general tendency in America,Šdistrusting the power of the gospel, are going in for political reform. But the more the churches enter the arena of political strife the less power of God for righteousness will they have to wield for peace. One of the signs of the Lord's coming was to be the "distress of nations, with perplexity." We see it in more directions than one, and men's hearts are alarmed as they look into the future. It is a good time to persuade, men to put their trust in God. He has a care for the individual. 