ADMINISTERING CIVIL GOVERNMENT UPON THE BASIS OF THE BIBLE. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 211 But what is there about recreation or convenience on Sunday to which any reasonable person need take exception? Must people be inconvenienced and denied recreation on that day? The Sabbath is a memorial of creation; how then can it be better observed than in rec-reation? Of the Creator himself it is written that "On  venienced on Sunday and after six days of toil are being denied any recreation? Even if there were anything wicked in recreation on the Sabbath day, what would this have to do with the business of a State legislature? Is it the State's business to suppress a thing because it is wicked? What then is wicked? The Catholic says it is wicked to stay away from mass. Must the State enforce attendance at mass? It is wicked to doubt the Word of the Lord; must the State compel all people to be-lieve? Must the State, in short, undertake to suppress sin? The Sabbath means both rest and refreshment; but this is true of the Bible Sabbath, "the Sab-bath of the Lord," the seventh day. The Sunday-sabbath means rest without refreshment, rest under law, restraint, which is more wearisome than no rest at all. That it does mean this, is evidenced beyond controversy by the Sunday laws. Spiritual Impotence of Civil Government. "Presen't Truth" ( London, England.) A MOTION was lately made in the House of Lords that a report be provided showing the number of cases in which confessional boxes have been introduced into the Church of England. Lord Salisbury, while agreeing to the request, pointed out that what-ever steps were taken by the gov-ernment, they were powerless to deal with any spiritual evil. He said:Š "If there are any means of repressing or discouraging the practice of habitual confession, they would deserve all our con-sideration. I fear, however, that,  you are undertaking an effort to coerce consciences, which greater powers than the British Parlia-ment have failed to effect, and that you are more likely to in- THE demand of the religio-political "reform" movement sweeping over the land is that "the revealed will of God" be made the "highest authority in civil affairs." Let us imagine a scene in court when the Government shall have been put upon this basis. A. prisoner is brought before the magistrate for the customary hearing. Policeman having the pris- oner in custody states the crime for which he is under arrest. Magistrate (to prisoner): Do you plead guilty or not guilty? Prisoner: Guilty, your honor; but I am very sorry, your honor, and ask to be forgiven. Magistrate: The Scriptures being now our authority in civil procedure, I will ask my friend the Rev. Mr. A, who is familiar with the sacred volume, to read from it the regulations which apply in the case. Clergyman (reading): "If thy brother trespass against thee seven times in a day, and seven times in a day turn again to thee, saying, I repent, thou shalt forgive him." Luke 17:3, 4. Magistrate (to prisoner): You say that you repent of your trespass, do you? Prisoner: I do, your honor. Magistrate: Then the State forgives you; you are discharged. Very efficient such a regime would be in repressing crime, would it not! the seventh day he rested, and was refreshed." What then is there wicked about refreshment on the Sabbath day? Cannot the members of the American Sabbath Union be at ease without knowing that people are being incon- crease the disease 'than to stop it. But allow me to point out that this return will not tell you one hun-dredth part of the evil. "If there is to be confession, which I most earnestly deprecate, I would rather have the open box in the church than the secret interview in the vestry. It is between 