AMERICAN SENTINEL. 371 far and near); this war claim vanishes like 'butter before the sun,' and we have nothing left but that malodorous incident in the United States Senate, where Methodist preachers added falsehood to trickery to get in reach of the money to be thus spent in ventures and experiments, like other tricksters and traders in politics. Alas for the . honor and good name of the Methodist church!" It remains for the church people of this land to decide how much stigma of this sort they want fastened on the church, and for the people in general to decide how many times more they want Congress to be a party in such fraudulent business. Let 'no one be surprised that such fraud was connected with. The very principle by which the people's money was given by the Government to a church, is as fraudulent as anything can be. That such a principle should be recognized by Congress, is the worst thing in the whole transaction; and that there should be paid lobbyists to pUsh the claim through Congress, is just as natural as that evils should associate together. The union of religion with the state always begets fraud and hypocrisy; and in this affair Congress and the people of the United States have a warning to keep religion and the state separate. Whether they will heed it or not re-mains to be seen. A Rare Occurrence. IT is not often one hears of a person accepting the Catholic faith through the exclusive reading of the Bible. But that such a thing is possible seems to be the case ac-cording to the Catholic News, of April 2, 1898. Even to the News it must have been an incident of rare occurrence, for it makes the most of it that it can, devoting exactly a column to the narration of the fact. The News is careful to state that the one who did this "read no Catholic books, heard no sermons, was influ-enced by no living examples of the excellency of the true faith, but by the serious and unbiased reading of the Holy Scriptures, discovered the pearl of great price." But the convert himself in giving his testimony as to how he was led to embrace Catholicism, says: "I profited by the warning of St. Augustine, 'Fly to the tabernacle of God, the Catholic Church." If this man "read no books, heard no sermons, was influenced by no living examples of the excellency of the true faith," where did he ever learn of St. Augustine, and in what part of the Bible did he ever read St. Augustine's warning, "Fly to the tabernacle of God, the Catholic Church?" The writer has several versions of the Bible, including a copy of the Douay Bible. In none of the for-mer has he read such a warning, nor has he any recollec-tion of seeing it in the Douay version. This convert is so glad that he has found the "pearl of great price" that he says, "The English language is inadequate to express my gratitude to many kind friends who lent me a helping hand to bring' me into the true  fold, especially Father Wagner, of Champaigne, Ill., for his unremitting kindness throughout my instructions." Notwithstanding we are told that the man "read no books, heard no sermons," etc., from the fact that he knew of St. Augustine and his warning to flee to "the tabernacife of God, the Catholic Church," coupled with the fact that there were many kind friends, especially a "Rev. Father," ready to help him, it is not clear by any means that the New Testanagnt is responsible for the man's con- version to the Catholic Church. C. H. x. 14- 11.- 41 4 .1 An Unfortunate Comparison.ŠNo. 2. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. WHILE we are absolutely certain that if America must depend upon the character of her sports as the evidence of her civilization she must at once take her place on a level with Spain, we are no less certain that in all lines of material and intellectual progress she far outranks Spain. We are fully conscious of the blessings and enlightenment of liberty; we recognize the ignorance and barbarity of Spain. But never shall we seek to explain that difference by such a piece of puerile sophistry as a comparison of ball and bull-fight. We are thoroughly convinced that that difference is due, not to "the manner of spending the hour of recreation" (for as we have seen there is here es-sentially no difference), but to the facts stated by Ma-caulay more than fifty years ago in language which no-one may misunderstand. He says in his essay on Von.  Ranke:Š "It cannot be doubted that, since the sixteenth cen-tury-, the Protestant nations -have made decidedly greater progress than their neighbors. The progress,  made by those nations in which Protestantism, though not finally successful, yet maintained a long struggle, and left permanent traces, has generally been considerable. But when we come to the Catholic land, to the part of Europe in which the first sparks of the Reformation were trodden out.as soon as it appeared, and from which pro-ceeded the impulse which drove Protestantism back, we find, at best, a very slow progress, and on the whole a retrogression. . . . Compare the history of England and that of Spain during the last century. In arms, arts, sciences, letters, commerce, agriculture, the contrast is. most striking. The distinction is not confined to this-side of the Atlantic. The colonies planted by England in America have immeasurably outgrown in power those planted by Spain. Yet we have no reason to believe that, at the beginning of the sixteenth century, the Castilian was in any respect inferior to the Englishman. Our firm belief is, that the North owes its great civilization and prosperity chiefly to the moral effect of the Protestant. Reformation, and that the decay of the Southern coun-tries of Europe is to be mainly ascribed to the great Catholic revival." Again, in his History of England, chap. 1, par. 22:Š "During the Last three centuries, to stunt the growth of the human mind has been her (the Church of Rome). chiefi`object. Throughout Christendom, whatever ad- 