io AMERICAN SENTINEL. THERE is an example left on record in the Scripture for the people to follow in this matter. It is that of the "noble Bereans." They heard the preaching of the Apos-tle Paul; but they did not accept what he said as truth merely because it was Paul who spoke it. They simply.  "searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were -so." If the people would, only adopt this course to-day with respect to the words they hear spoken from the pul-pits. it would spoil a great many sensations and some reputations, but would be immeasurably to their own benefit in every way. Seventh-Day Adventists and the Public Schools. [THE following, setting forth the views of the Sev-enth-day Adventist Church of Boulder, Col., on the sub-ject of saluting the flag in the public schools, has been sent us with the request that it be given space in the col-umns of the SENTINEL. As much criticism has been heaped upon the Adventists, because of their stand in this matter, it seems entirely proper that this request should be favorably received.] DURING the last few weeks, as is well known to the people of Boulder, there has been much agitation and discussion. both in a public and a private way, of the re-lations the Seventh-day Adventist church of this city sustains to the Boulder public schools. Nor has the dis-cussion of this matter been confined alone to our own city, but has extended to Denver and neighboring towns, and even gone outside the State. In many instances the erratic utterances and statements of irresponsible parties, and of those outside the Seventh-day Adventist Church, have been accredited to this organilation. In view of this it seems but reasonable that the Seventh-day Ad-ventist church of Boulder should state to their neigh-bors and fellow citizens their true position on the school question. In the first place, Seventh-day Adventists are in no sense opposed to our system of free public schools, nor are they in any measure whatsoever opposed to the gov-ernment under which we enjoy our present freedom. Among all the nations of antiquity, and of medieval and modern times, has there arisen no government of man so noble in its purposes, and so true to the principles that should underlie just and wise government. It is in this country, as expressed by Dr. Josiah Strong, that the two great ideas of which the Anglo-Saxon is the exponent Šcivil and religious libertyŠhave had their fullest devel-opment. For these noble principles our forefathers gave their fortunes, their honor, and their lives. Hence, for the American flag, as representing these great basal principles, which lie at the foundation of our national existence, every loyal heart must hold the highest respect. And of these high and exalted principles, for the defense of which our nation was established, the system of our ree public schools was designed to be the great conserv- ator. Ignorance and free government are incompatible. Both cannot exist together on the same soil. Hence, for the maintenance of true principles in the home, the church, or the state, education becomes an essential factor. This education may be imparted in the grades, the high school, and the university; or it may be given in private, church, and denominational schools. Into the hands of a truly educated people may be safely entrusted the important interests involving the integrity of social and political life. But while the Seventh-day Adventists of Boulder most firmly believe in the principles above stated, they cannot but feel that the requirement of the public schools in Boulder in respect to the so called flag salute is a vio-lation both of the spirit and of the letter of these princi-pleS. They believe in God, but they do not believe that the attendance of their children at the public schools should be conditioned upon the open avowal of this belief. It is not the right of any State, of any court, of any school board, to require from any American citizen, or from the child of any American citizen, a recognition of God. Every citizen of Boulder, whether he be Chris-tian, Jew, infidel, or pagan, is entitled to the privileges granted by our system of free public schools, and he is entitled to these privileges without any declaration on his part of his belief or disbelief in any deity. Civilrgov-ernment and the system of education provided by civil government should not, nor can they of right, deal with the religious beliefs, views, or prejudices of the individual members of the commonwealth. In doing this they usurp the prerogatives of Deity, and do that which Christ or his Spirit never attempts. Faith in Christ and sincere adoration of the supreme Being must spring from love and not fear, from volition of the will and not force. And while Seventh-day Adventists hold for the principles represented by the stars and stripes the highest rever-ence, and for the American flag as representing those principles the deepest regard, while they hold in the high-est esteem those who fought and bled and died that to us might fall the heritage of freedom's blessings, they still feel that it is not the province of our public schools to require from the pupils a pledge of their heads and hearts to the maintenance of that flag. This is contrary to the spirit of freedom which the flag represents. Seventh-day Adventists are uniformly law-abiding citizens. They believe in the support of the government by taxation, and by every laudable means consistent with Christian life; but in principle they are non-combat-ants. They believe that it is better to suffer wrong than to do wrong; better to leave to God the avenging of every just cause than to take vengeance into their own hands. The Christians of Europe, of Asia, of Africa, are as much the children of God and members of the household of faith as are the Christians of America. With their un-derstanding of the requirements of the gospel of Christ, the members of the church could not enter conscientiously upon any warfare, either public or private, in an individual or national sense, to maim, kill, or destroy their fellows. 