210 AIVIERICAST SENTINEL. land, or for votes to accomplish the purification of pol-itics, the clergy are not combating sin. Were they cora.. bating sin, they would also be combating crime, in a very effective way; for crime, when it is the violation of just law, is always a manifestation of sin in the heart. But in opposing crime by another avenue of attack than the heart, they are leaving sin free to continue its work not only of destroying the soul, but of producing crime as well. Sin is the transgression of the divine law. 1 John 3: 4. The only effective means therefore for suppressing sin is that which enables the individual to keep that law. And as this law is infinitely higher and broader than man's law, only the Infinite One can provide the means required. And this He has done in the provisions of His gospel, which is "the power of God unto salvation to every,  one that believeth." Rom. 1:16. It is the priv-ilege of Christian preachers to preach the power of God for the salvation of every sinner. It is their duty as well, and they are not true to their calling if they fail to do it. And what is "the power of God unto salvation " ? The first chapter of Genesis furnishes an answer to the question. God said, "Let there be light," and "there was light." He said, "Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters," and "it was so." He said, "Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed after his kind, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind," and "it was so." His word created that which did not exist before; and in " every one that believeth" His word, there . is created by its power that which did not exist before, even a new heart, which is clean and without sin. Ps. 51:10. By faith, the ,sinner becomes a "new creature" in Jesus Christ. 2 Cor. 5:17. Can those who stand before the people as ambassa-dors of God do better than to devote their whole energies to the proclamation of the power of God unto salvation, through a new creation in Christ? Can they accomplish more by preaching the power of man for the suppression of crime? The SENTINEL thinks not. Theological Anarchy. THE Christian Statesman, of March 13, says that " Sabbath breakers are anarchists at heart." By " Sab-bath breakers" it means all who do not keep Sunday: "Anarchists at heart " are not essentially different from any anarchists. As it is true that " out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh," it must be true that "anarchists at heart" will be anarchists in word and act ; and they are therefore to be subjected to the most rigid restraints of the law. This is the States-man's idea of "religious liberty," by the plain logic of the premises it sets up. But the question of " Sabbath breaking" is purely a theological one. It is purely a question of theology whether the Statesman is not itself guilty of " Sabbath breaking." For whether the Sabbath be the seventh or  the first day of the week, is a question not determined by human law, but by the Word of God; and this question is warmly disputed by religionists to-day. It is a ques-tion which theologians would be called upon to decide; and these having decided in any given case who were the anarchists, it would be left for the latter to be dealt with as such by‚the civil authorities. This is precisely the regime which prevailed in the Dark Ages. 1 SEPARATION of Church and State means recognition of the fact that it does not belong to the Church to un-dertake the work of the State, or of the civil authorities, even though the latter may show themselves negligent or incompetent in the performance of their duties. Making It Easy To Do Right. THE Saviour said to his followers, " In the world ye shall have tribulation ; " and the Apostle Paul wrote, " All who will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer perse-cution." People who profess to be Christians ought to believe that Jesus and Paul spoke the truth. Yet to-day, right in the face of their words, we hear this very class calling upon Congress and the State legislatures to en-act laws in the interests of religion, so as to make it "hard for people to do wrong, and easy for them to do right." - Again: Of Christians the Word of God declares, "Ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God; " and the Apostle Paul, speaking as a Christian, wrote : " I am crucified with Christ, nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me." Gal. 2:20. This must be true of every Christian ; for it is the very essence of Christianity. It is Christ who lives and who is manifested in the lives of true believers. Christianity is nothing less than the very life of Christ. Therefore there is just as much need, and no more, of laws to make it "easy for men to do right," as there was of laws to make it easy for Jesus Christ to do right when he walked and taught in Judea. And we learn from the Scripture that Jesus Christ encountered every kind of obstacle, and the fiercest opposition, to right living; yet he did right continually. Can he not then still do right, living in his followers to-day, without the aid of man-made legislation? It is easy now for people to do right, if they will only go about it right. God has made it easy to do right. It is only necessary that the Word of God should be received into the heart by faith. There is infinite power in that Word, and that power is for the purpose of keeping the individual in the right path. Hence it is no more difficult for a person to do right, under any circumstances, than it is for him to have faith in the Word of God. And the only difficulty about this is that people are so unwilling to lay aside their fancied greatness and wisdom and 