NUMBER, 46. CHICAGO, NOVEMBER 22, 1900. ,-: `t:-,  -11.92;4". Ł and believe -"Ifan17 %,ii hear  nag words and beheaq nat.  1 judge him not =Jesus chrkt, \ s, 47  VOLUME 15. THE 5ENTJNEL OF LIBERTY (Continuing- American Sentinel.) PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324. DEARBORN STREET, CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 L A. SMITH, - Editors. C.` P. BOLLMAN, AN institution of religion can never be a proper subject of human legislation.,  THE only reform which reforms is that which be-gins in the heart. True reform works fi-Om within outward, not from without inward. THE law of God is suited alone to the govern-ment Of God. The law of the Infinite cannot be ad-ministered by finite man. 4 4 IF one government must not attempt to enforce the laws of another government, then certainly no earthly government has any business trying to en-force the laws of the country and government of Heaven. <at THE only government that will never do injustice must be based on the law of.  God, but such a govern-' ment Must have God himself to administer it. With only-man to administer such ,a government, it would 'be tbe Worst of all governments: FROM the Christian point of view, justification by, faith is the only basis of true reform. ACCORDING to Christianity, every man has the right to work six days in every week, and also the right to determine his working days by the Word of God and his own conscience. THE law of God is perfect in itself, but as inter-preted and applied to human affa/.n's by menŠas by Congress or a State legislatureŠit could not con-stitute a rule of righteous conduct. The office of interpreter of the law of God belongs to the Holy Spirit. THE LAW OF GOD AND THE PUBLIC CONSCIENCE'. SOME weeks ago the Outlook, a prominent east-ern journal, replying to a correspondent's query as to what basis civil government rested on if not on the consent of the governed, said that the proper basis of civil government is the law of God. Reply-ing to this, another correspondent inquires: " Who is to' say what the law of God is? The Pope at Rome? He claims that right. The Czar in Russia? He crowned himself with the phrase,' Dei Gratia'Šby the Grace of God.' The Kaiser, in. Germany? He says he' is the vicegerent of God on earth, and will interpret God's law to his subjects. Will it be in your opinion an aristocracy? Such was the des-potism of the old, regime in France. * * * Or would you turn over to a plutocracy the power of saying what is the-law of God? 'Plutocracies are claiming the power now because they say they rep-resent the intelligence and will, the executive power 