THE SENTINEL, OF LIBERTY. 455:  the effect was to paralyze its poWer. Any govern-ment, even a monarchy, to be operative at all, must have back of it the sympathy and support of a majority of its subjects. All governments, therefore, must be conservative, while truth is ever progressive. Litera-ture is the repository of truth, as true religion is the worship of Truth. Truth always enters the world by a minority of one, born in a manger, crucified be-tween thieves. After a time there are two who believe in it, then three, but the journey is long and perilous before the majority opinion, or the governmental opinion is on its side. Ere then it has ceased to be the advanced truth and there are farther glimpses on the horizon of thought. Whenever, therefore, govern-ment touches religion or literature its inevitable effect must be to paralyze it. The age of Louis XIV. was no exception. After the system of subsidies inau-gurated by Louis had had time to bear its fruit, France for half a century produced not one independent thinker of note. All the talent of France that could be bought was chained to the chariot wheels of state, and turned aside from progressive lines into merely decorating the old idea. There was much that was elegant and attractive, even artistic, but nothing pro-gressive. The senses of men were soothed and sat-isfied by palaces, paintings and poems, but the intel-lect and heart were left fallow. Even art itself, lacking the inspiration of lofty, bold, and progressive thought, soon began to decay. It was as if the sum of genius and of progress, that had arisen gloriously, and mounted grandly toward the zenith, had suddenly paused midway in the heavens, and slowly descending, had set in the east. Buckle, in his "History of Civilization", says, "In other countries vast progress was made ; and New-ton in particular, by his immense generalizations, re-formed nearly every branch of physics. and remodeled astronomy by carrying the law of gravitation to the extremity of the solar system. On the other hand, France had fallen into such a torpor, that these won-derful discoveries which changed the face of knowl-edge, were entirely neglected, there being no instance of any French astronomer adopting them until 1732, that is, forty-five years after they were published by their immortal author." . . . . "In no age have literary men been rewarded with such profusion as in the age of Louis XIV.; and in no age have they been so mean-spirited, so servile, so utterly unfit to fulfill their great vocation as the apos-tles of knowledge and the missionaries of truth. . . . To gain the favor of the king, they sacrificed that independent spirit which should have been dearer to them than life. They gave away the inheritance of genius ; they sold their birthright for a mess of pot-tage." (Buckle's Hist. of Civilization, Vol. I. Pages 498 and 501.) Such was the effect of government patronage upon literature, which it sought by its favors to benefit, but this was by no'means all the evil. That money which was bestowed so lavishly upon literature, was taken by taxation from the toilers. Thus labor was de-. graded, and he who produced the necessities of life, was made to feel his inferiority to him who only min-istered to its luxuries. Nor was even this the worst. Literature, being the representative of truth, should ever be on the side of the rights of the people, and against all despotism.. It should act as a check upon the selfishness of monarchy and the corruption of re-publics. But by this means literature was chained to the throne and made to soothe and quiet the con-science of the king in his evil way. Again I quote from Buckle, "It behooves, there-fore, every people to take heed that the interests of lit-erary men are on their side rather than on the side of their rulers. For literature is the representative of intellect, which is progressive ; government is the representative of order, which is stationary. As long as these two are separate, they will correct and react upon each other, and the people may hold the balance. If, however, these powers coalesce, if the government can corrupt the intellect, and the intellect will yield to the government, the inevitable result must be des-potism in politics, and servility in literature." * * "Then it is, that there comes one of those sad mo-ments in which no outlet being left for public opinion, the minds of men are unable to find a vent; their dis-contents, having no voice, slowly rankle into a deadly hatred; their passions accumulate in silence, until at length, losing all patience, they are goaded into one of those terrible revolutions, by which they humble the pride of rulers, and carry retribution even into the heart of the palace." Thus it is seen that this effort of Louis XIV. to advance the interests of literature by governmental methods, resulted not only in ruin to literature, but almost, also, in ruin to France, it being one of the causes of the French Revolution and of the terrible reign of terror. People should think soberly of this warning in these days, when leading journals pass over in silence, or boldly uphold all the misdeeds of the party that may chance to be in power, and when even magazines of high literary merit are so subsidized by wealth as to publish long articles in defense of the trusts as a blessing to the people. Such illustrations from history to prove the point in question, might easily be multiplied. The moral is, that God made the mind and heart of man free, and government, however good and pure its inten-tions, cannot touch them by its methods, without pro-ducing slavery, paralysis, and ruin. G. E. FIFIELD. 