THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 523 usual, there were civic, political and military organi-zations in line, men on horseback wearing the uni-form of the Cuban army. * * * Every previous parade since the American occupation has given a prominence to the American flag, the flag being car-ried alongside of the Cuban colors; but if there was one American flag in that great popular demonstra-tion I have yet to meet the person who saw it. I mention this circumstance as significant of the inner mind of the Cubans. The significance of the ab-sence of the Stars and Stripes was emphasized by the presence of the Spanish colors, particularly as it is only a few months since the Spanish flag was torn down by some hotheaded Cuban and an order was issued by Mayor Lacoste forbidding it to be raised in Havana. Another fact of a kindred nature was the appearance in the line of the Spanish band,' this being the first time it has appeared in public for about a year." SUNDAY afternoon, July 29, Rev. Thomas Mar-shall, field secretary of the Presbyterian Board of Foreign Missions and a Chinese missionary of wide experience and more than national fame, delivered an address before the Moody Bible Institute in this city, in which he charged that European nations, es-pecially England, Germany and France, are respon-sible for all the trouble typified in the national up-rising against foreigners in China. "The missiona-ries are not to blame," he asserted, " at least not the American missionaries. The ' robber' nations of Europe, when caught in the act of despoiling the Chinese of their territory and desecrating the Chi-nese graves by running railroads through them, are trying to make scapegoats of the innocent missiona-ries and are using the Christian evangelizing forces for political and selfish ends." He ended by declar-ing that when the European " land grabbers " are driven out of China the Chinese may be in a mood to listen to the Christian gospel. " WHO are the Boxers? " said Mr. Marshall. " They are simply the patriots of China. They are the same kind of patriots that grand old Andrew Jackson wasŠthat the American hosts who followed Jackson to repel foreign invasion proved themselves to be. Suppose the French government should come and take New Orleans, the English New York and Washington and the Germans Boston. What would we see? Why, the American cowboy would leave  his herds on the plains, the farmer, would leave his-plow and the. students of this Bible institute would leave their missionary labors, and all would take up arms to drive the invaders and the robbers from Our shores." THE Social Forum for August has- a paper on " The State and the Children." The first third of the article abounds in references to the Scriptures, especially to the teachings of our Saviour. "With such a lesson from Christ," says the Forum, " it is not hard to see the duty of the state to the child. The child's first teachers and guardians, especially in infancy, are its parents, but the state "must see that no child be neglected, that all have proper care and training and instruction." And again: " Com-pulsory_ education it is the duty of the state to en-force." Of course, since the Social Forum goes to the teachings of Christ to learn the duty of the state to the children, it must include his teachings in " the proper" " training and instruction " that " it is the duty of the state to enforce." The Social Forum is certainly entitled to a front seat at all so-called National Reform functions. VANDALISM IN CHINA. IN his speech at the Jewish Chautauqua, Governor Roosevelt insisted strongly on the right of every man to worship according to his conscience, and that right being respected. Now, the Chinese worship their ancestors, and we laugh at their superstition. The English in China are not content with laughing; they insult. To their constant outrages against Chinese sentiment are largely due the Boxer troub-les. Listen to this confession from Black and White: * "It is probably the knowledge of this fact" [an-cestor worship] "that led 'the foreign devil' to build his railways across graveyards in the -Celestial Em-pire. Knowing that a strong prejudice already ex-isted against the introduction of the Iron Horse, it was but natural, and in characteristic good taste, that the European should choose the shortest cut into the heart of the yellow man, with the result, among oth-ers, that certain gentlemen rejoicing in the name of are to-day exceedingly anxious to offer the retort courteous and a-ching some of our country-men. Again, some zealous 'sportsmen' lately enjoyed *" Black and , White" is a high-class English pictorial periodical pub-lished in London and New York. 