340 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "The cardinal points out in his article that there are twenty-two causes for divorce in this country, most of them of a very trifling character, and in some of the States the power of granting a divorce is left to the dis-cretion of the judge." It needs a clear eyesight to cast out motes from other eyes successfully. Re-naming the Declaration of Independence. ought to be, free and independent States," what kind of government were they expected to have if not self gov-ernment? Let the imperialists tell us at once what the "Declaration of Independence" ought to be called. Obviously, the doctrine of imperialism is in desperate straits for any means of justification before the American people. But it cares little for justification; it means to proceed in defiance of justification, as its nature is to do. - 44 Ł SPEAKING of the Declaration of Independence, the Outlook, exponent of imperialism, says that "it so hap-pens, as a matter of fact, that this document says noth-ing whatever about self government. Only one clause, and that a parenthetical oneŠthe phrase 'deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed'Šcan be interpreted to imply, even remotely, any doctrine of self-government, and this implication from this phrase is by no means a necessary one." This is worthy of note as a sample of the assertions by which American imperialism is driven to seek justifi-cation, and of the lengths to which its defenders have gone in the repudiation of American principles. The Declaration of Independence was given to the world in general, and to Great Britain in particular, by the American colonies, for the sole purpose of announc-ing that they had decided upon self-government, and of justifying themselves in that step. This is plainly af-firmed by every American history that was ever written. The Outlook's statement, therefore, amounts simply to'the assertion that Jefferson and the signers of the Declaration were foolsŠthey did not knows  enough to 'say what they meant. They meant to separate from British government, they meant to govern themselves; but in undertaking to announce this and justify it before Great Britain and the world, they said nothing at all about self-government, save to remotely hint at it, and even this was not necessary to be inferred from their words! How that document must have mystified the British parliament and the courts of Europe! But as plain matter of history, it didn't mystify parliament or any European government in the least. Parliament never asked for an explanation of its mean-ing. Parliament simply redoubled its efforts to subdue the "insurgents." And Benjamin Franklin well under-stood that parliament would hold no doubtful view of the Declaration's meaning when, at its signing, in reply to- the remark by one signer that "We must all hang together," he said, "yes; or we shall all hang sepa-rately." But what new name would the imperialists give to this famous document? For if it says nothing about self-government, it was obviously no declaration of in-dependence. For whoever heard of independence without self-government? How is an independent State governed if it does not govern itself? And when it was declared that the thirteen American colonies "are, and of right Where Is God's Power? BY T. E. BOWEN. AT Minneapolis, May 18, the one hundred and eleventh annual assembly of the Presbyterian-Church in the United States opened its session. The retiring mod-erator, Rev. Dr. Wallace Radcliffe, of Washington, D. C., delivered the opening sermon. If the report is true as to what this professed minister of the gospel said at that time, one is at a loss to know whether that general as-sembly had access to the revealed Word of God or had ever read the sermon of our Lord and Saviour on the Mount, or not. Among other things the reverend gen-tleman from Washington is reported to have said:Š "It is significant to recognize the five epochal events of the past year, in each of them the pointing finger of the Mediatorial RingŠthe Spanish-American war, the Anglo ŁAmerican friendship, the czar's proposal for peace, the reformation of China, the opening of the Soudan. "To-day, as we convene, the peace congress meets in the capital of Holland. The very call is the echo of Christ's prayer, 'Thy kingdom come.'" Why not add, "Thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven"? Again, why not quote in this connection, "My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world [in its present state], then would my servants fight; . . . but now is my kingdom not from hence?" John 18:36. Why, unless it was it would spoil the sweet morsel the doctor was presenting? "In the presence of these opportunities the church cannot be careless. We dare not refuse obedience. He calls us to subjugation. Force is the only argument known to savages from Joshua to McKinley." Who calls to the church to subjugate? Certainly it is not Jesus Christ. He says his servants will not fight to set up his kingdom here. He then who does fight for this is not a servant of Christ. Has Mr. McKinley yet spoken to the sun to stand still, and met the captain of the Lord's host in the plain, thus assuring the hearts of his subjects that he has been called to lead out in a holy war in the Philippines, China, or elsewhere? The doctor so infers:Š "The earth must be subdued, that it may bring forth the rose and fruit and the tree of life, whose leaves are for the healing of the nations. 