56 AMERICAN SENTINEL_ AN important discovery is announced to have been made by delvers amidst the ruins of the ancient city of Sippara, in Babylonia, in the form of tablets giving in cuneiform writing a Babylonian account of the Deluge. These tablets are supposed to be the originals from which was written an Assyrian account of the Deluge, which formed a part of the library of Assurbanipal, who reigned in Nineveh about 600 years before Christ. The Assyrian tablets gave no clue to the date at which the story of the Deluge first became a part of Babylonian literature; but the newly discovered tableth, it is said, throw enough light on this point to prove that the account is much older than the time of Moses; and this is what gives to the discovery its "importance." THE tablets are so mutilated that only a small part of the account remains to be put into the livinglanguage of to-day; but this fragment is supposed to be the most important portion of the narrative. It sets forth that there were two gods concerned in the Deluge, one of whom was angry with the world and brought the flood to deŁ stroy it, while the, other befriended mankind and caused the building of a boat in which men might take refuge from the impending destruction. This account it is said, differs materially from the Assyrian story, and both are' essentially different from the Biblical narrative given in the book of Genesis. This Babylonian writing dates back to the year 2140 B. c., as the historians figure it; and as it purports to be a copy of anolder record that had been destroyed, there is opportunity to suppose that the origin of the account reaches considerably farther into antiquity. * Bum for the unaccountable perverseness of human nature, which is well known to most people, we might wonder why it is that people will attach great import-ance to the 'discovery of these cuneiform fragments, when they have a plain, straight narrative of the Deluge, much more full and circumstantial than any other, in the book of Genesis. It can hardly be considered a rash statement to say that the Biblical narrative of the Deluge is gener-ally regarded, among "scientific" men at least, as a myth. And whether the common people so regard it or not, it is certain that they Make little or nothing of it as regards religious belief and conduct. It is rarely men-tioned in the pulpit. Now, if this plain and full Biblical  account of the Deluge is a myth, and of but little import-ance at the best, why is it that such great importance is-attached to the discovery of some obscurely-written frag-ments of a narrative relating to the same event? Prob-ably if the Biblical narrative had not been preserved and, handed down to our times in the straightforward and well authenticated way in which it has reached us, with the indorsement of Jesus Christ and his apostles, but had been unearthed in the form of a mysterious writing upon clay tablets, it would have been hailed by "Christians" and all as the most wonderful writing in existence, and every word of it received with implicit confidence. A. thing has to be "dug up" nowadays to be considered of real' value as a means of information concerning the events of antiquity. * A FEW days ago a mob of white residents of Okla-homa took two Seminole Indians who were supposed to-have committed murder, and burned them at the stake. It has since appeared that at least one of the victims wasŁ probably innocent; but this is less to the point than the fact that intelligent and civilized white people should,  conduct themselves in this way, whether the victims were-guilty or not. It is a well-known fact that burning at the stake was a common method of, torture in vogue-among the savage inhabitants of this country while they were contending with the white man for supremacy; and,  it has been supposed that the torture of prisoners is a procedure which belongs to barbarianism and not to,  civilization. So we are not prepared to find civilization taking lessonsfrom barbarism and adopting its methods-as superior to her own, as is seen down in Oklahoma. * WE are reminded of an old saying which we believe is attributed to NapoleonŠ"Scratch a Russian and you, find a Tartar." When civilized white people torture In-dians and negroes after the fashion which is- becoming so,  common, it suggests a wider application of Napoleon's saying, like this: Scratch a civilized person and you findŁ  a savage. It gives force to the assertion that civilization is, after all, only a thin veneer, giving a polished and refined exterior to that which at heart is only barbarism,Ł Is it not a truth that, after all, civilization is not the opposite of savagery, but that the opposite is Christian-ity? From a Bible standpoint, we must admit that this isŁ so; for the inspired Word puts no difference between men except on the basis of "carnal" and "spiritual." The "carnally minded" are by that Book regarded as all one class, whether Bushmen in Central Africa or members of the Board of Trade in New York City. And Christianity, when it gets hold of people of whatever locality or race, makes no difference between them as regards character, giving to all the same nature, which is the nature of Christ. 