226 THE S-EN'TINE1.4. to be decided. The matter would not stop with a decision of the question as to what are works of religion, but the additional question would have to be settled, What religion? There are a great many Chinese in this country, and that which to them would be works of religion would not be considered such at all by the Sunday-law work-ers. There are Mohammedans in the country, who might perform works on Sunday which, ac-cording to the Mohammedan religion would be strictly works of religion, yet which, according to the view of the Sunday-law advocates, would not be considered by any means, works of religion. The United States Supreme Court will have to decide amongst these different and discordant religions what religion it is whose works may be allowed on Sunday. As all those who are working for the Sunday law profess to be Christians; as the law is wanted to protect the Christian Sab-bath; as the day which is established is declared by them to be the great badge of Christianity; the court will have to declare that it is works of the Christian religion that are meant in the statutes, and that only these are allowable under the law. And that would be only the establish-ment of Christianity as the national religion. The establishment of a national religion is in-evitable just as surely as a national Sunday law shall ever be passed. 1- _ An Unchristian Union. AT the State Convention of the Vermont Woman's Christian Temperance Union, some-thing over a year ago, the 170 delegates adopted by unanimous vote, Š "Resolved, That we believe Christ, as the author and head of government, should be recognized in all political platforms, and by all societies, and we will rejoice to see the day when a political party distinctly gives such recognition." Miss Willard is reported as having said con- cerning this resolution, "There is not a W. C. T. U. in the land that will not echo this." This is sufficient of itself to settle the question as to whether or not the W. C. T. U. is an ally to the National Reform Association. But it was not especially for the purpose of commenting on this resolution that we quoted it, but to place before our readers some correspondence which took place in regard to it, and which, though old, will doubtless be new to a great majority of the readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and will be of interest, as the principles are ever the same. Shortly after the passage of this resolution, Mrs. Lucinda B. Chandler addressed an open letter to Miss Willard, which was deemed of sufficient value by the latter to merit what she termed "a reply." After a brief introduction Mrs. Chandler proceeds as follows:Š " It is impossible for me to understand the record of the teaching of Jesus so as to claim him as ' the author and head of government.' He emphatically declared that his kingdom was not of this world. Jesus of Nazareth neither established ecclesiastical nor civil government. He founded neither church nor State. The great burden of his teaching was to pronounce the relation of humanity to the Father as one of spirit, and the only worship he enjoined was to worship in spirit and in truth. " How much would this true worship and love of the Spirit be promoted by grafting upon political platforms the name of Christ as ' the author and head of government.' " With your fertile imagination I beg you to fore-cast the effect upon the native honesty and integrity of office-seekers and political partisans, of making the condition of a place in office and political power a religious test, and the subscribing to a claim that Jesus Christ is 'the author and head' of our na- tional affairs. Have we not already enough of lying and hypocrisy in our land? Have we not enough of centralizing power already oppressing the people in naammom-bred monopoly? Shall we have added a religious test to the sycophancy, and hypocritical pretense ? " It would seem as though this should commend itself to everybody as just criticism. It is in-comprehensible how any one with any knowledge of American politics, or with any knowledge of human nature, should think that politics will be purified and human nature elevated by a politi-cal party having as the chief plank in its plat-form the recognition of Christ as "author and head of government." When we see how ready men are to profess anything, in order that they may advance their own interests; when the his-tory of the world contains scarcely anything else than the record of the time-serving policy of men, of how men have sold their influence and their honor and everything, to gain popularity and power ; how men have professed one religion to-day and another to-morrow, according as one or the other had the greatest hold upon the masses of the peopleŠit is as clear as noon-day that if a political party should base its platform chiefly on the recognition of Christ as "author and head of government" it would only make hypocritical followers of Christ. Just as soon as it should by any means,Šand it could not do it by Christian methods,Šbegin to gain control of affairs, all the baser element, all those who intend to feed at the public crib at any cost, would turn and sup-port it; and men who are gross and profane and licentious in private, if not in public, would shout themselves hoarse for Christ and his kingdom. Again we quote:Š " Religious tests as qualification for civic service would not develop a spirit of truth. Religious tests and a formal recognition of the name of God or Christ would inevitably become the fettering gyves of an assumptive hierarchy. The Protestant idea and principle having abnegated itself by adopting the method of hierarchial authority; would be swept into the abyss where liberty had already been cast, wounded. unto death. "Nb, no, my much-respected sister, I must hope that your more matured consideration will lead you to a different conclusion and determination. I cannot believe you wish religious liberty overthrown. I can-not think you would welcome the reign of hypocrisy and cant as an agency of political power. To enforce outward conduct by offering political preference would not advance either the spirit of truth or of love." We quote again:Š " Righteousness, justice, truth, and above all `love which vaunteth not itself, and is not puffed up,' can-not be actualized in peoples or nations through legis-lative enactment." With this last paragraph everybody ought to agree. It is self-evident. Love is not a thing that can be forced. Who is there so foolish as to think that one person can be compelled to love another? Who is there that would think of using physical force to get a child to love its teacher? and yet the W. C. T. U. and other National Reform bodies think to promote love for Christ and his truth by legal enactments! The statement of their desire should be sufficient to show the folly of it. The letter proceeds as follows:Š " It is earnestly to be hoped that the W. C. T. U. will not lend its influence to any proposed political measures to destroy our constitutional liberties, re-ligious or civil, but that they will continue to work diligently on the lines of education, toward a higher physiological, social, and moral standard of life on the comprehensive principle of temperance." We heartily second this wish. With the legiti-mate work of this W. C. T. U. we have always  been in sympathy. If they would continue as they begun, to labor for the advancement of tem-perance by moral and intellectual means, they would never have a word of criticism from us." We heartily support them in their work to edu-cate the children and all others in the principles of health and temperance and morality; but we cannot go with them when they depart from this reasonable and just method of work,Šthe only method which can accomplish any real results,Šand adopt the unreasonable and unjust and wicked method of attempting to compel men to be Christlike. We do not see how anyone can answer the fol-lowing paragraph of the open letter to Miss Willard, except by endorsing it :Š " Jesus said to Zebedee's sons : ' Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion oyer them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them. But it shall not be so among you. Whosoever would be chief among you, let him be your servant.' The real followers of Christ will serve and minister unto humanity, and not seek to establish political power by means of religious test, even of the name of-  Christ." The following also is worthy of careful consid-eration :Š " If the church under the constitutional freedom secured to it cannot leaven the people with a love of justice, and make itself a power against political cor-ruption by its higher life, and the spirit of truth in its membership, it would surely fail of accomplishing it by platform dogmas or constitutional amendments." This last paragraph strikes at the very root of the matter, and shows that such a course as is marked out by the National Reformers is deroga-tory to the Christian religion. It virtually says there is no power in the Spirit of Christ, and that God, working,  through his own divinely ap-pointed ways, cannot accomplish the result that he designed; that if men work according to the rules he has laid down they will fail, and that therefore they must inaugurate a system of their own. Further than this, it can be shown that a po-litical party with such a platform as is desired by the W. C. T. U. can succeed only by stultifying itself. It can come to power only by going di-rectly contrary to all the principles of Christ and his kingdom, which they profess to wish to estab-lish. Thus, political parties have influence ac-cording to the number of votes that they can control. These alone count. Now why is there call for such a party as the W. C. T. U. desire to see? Why do they wish it? Simply because existing parties are corrupt. And why are exist-ing parties corrupt? Because the men who con-trol them are corrupt; and not only are those who control them corrupt, but the /men they con-trol are corrupt. In other words, politics is cor-rupt because the good men, the Christian men, and the men of high moral principle in the gov-ernment are in the minority. They are outvoted by those who have no principle but selfish policy. Now how is this reform party to secure the con-trolling influence? Only by meeting these cor-rupt elements on their own ground, by opposing policy to policy, and by wire-pulling and under-handed means, such as are now employed; and then if they ever get into power, what will constitute their strength? Simply the number of votes they can secure to back their principles. And from what ranks will these voters have been secured?Šfrom the ranks of the existing corrupt parties, from professional politicians who will have taken their stand because they have been led to think that there is profit in it; and so they will have a party professing allegiance to Christ, but made up of the very same men who 