80  THE ANIERICA.N SENTINEL. Arr2eFieal2 3e0iRe1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER, 1888: NOTE.ÑNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some riend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. DOCTOR CRAFTS reports that between three and four million names have already been secured to the petitions in behalf of the Na-tional Sunday law. ¥ ¥ -" THE WoMan's Christian Temperance Union and the Prohibition party have become so entirely National Reform organizations that the regular National Reform organizers have ceased to organize local National Reform clubs as such, but work through these to spread the National Reform ideas. So says District Secretary M. A. Gault in the American, June 27, 1888. ¥ ¥  THE Executive Committee of the National Reform Association held a meeting in Pitts-burg September 14; and one of its recom-mendations is this:Ñ ~~  That Secretary Weir be appointed espe-cially to press the cause of National Reform upon the attention of political parties, during the next four years, and to enlist, as far as possible, in this endeavor the influence of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union." THE National Reform Association is circu-lating for signatures petitions to Congress ask-ing that Senator Blair's proposed religious amendment to the Constitution may be passed by Congress and submitted to the States for their approval. One of these petitions was presented to the Prohibition County Conven-tion of Wood County, Ohio, August 8. It was unanimously indorsed, and a copy of a reso-lution to that effect was sent to Senator Blair, together with the respects of the convention. ¥ 0 JOHN ALEXANDER, of Philadelphia, is the father of the National Reform-Association, as such, and in the Christian Statesman of Sep- tember 6 he congratulates the Association on the introduction of the Blair religious amend-ment to the Constitution; declares " the Na- tional Reform Association ought to spare no pains and omit no effort which may promise 'to secure its adoption ; " and further says:Ñ " Let us begin without delay the circulation of petitions (to be furnished in proper form by the Association), and let an opportunity be given to all parts of the country to make up a roll of petitions so great that it will re-quire a procession of wheelbarrows to trundle the mighty mass into the presence of the representatives of the Nation in the Houses of Congress." And " let a mass convention of the friends of the cause he held in Washing-ton, when the Blair resolution shall be under discussion, to accompany with its influence the presentation of the petitions, and to take such other action as may be deemed best to arouse the Nation to a genuine enthusiasm in behalf of our National Christianity." Isn't it about time that somebody was arousing to a genuine sense of the danger to civil and religious liberty that inheres in this scheme ? THE California Christian Advocate some weeks ago gravely informed its readers that "Congressman Plumb, of Kansas, has offered an amendment to the Sunday Civil Bill pro-viding an appropriation for the building of a public drinking fountain in the Capitol." Of course the bill to which the Kansas Congress-man has offered an amendment is the Sundry Civil Appropriation Bill; but in these days of proposed Sunday legislation it is perhaps not strange that the friends of Sunday laws fail to discern what to them seem so small a dif-ference. The time may come, however, when even the Sundry Appropriation Bill may con-tain clauses relative to Sunday, and then it will indeed be literally the "Sunday Civil Bill." REV. R. C. WYLIE says the National Reform-ers should advocate Senator Blair's religious amendment to the Constitution,Ñ " BecoKse of the aid it will give us in dis-cussing National Reform principles. Some of these are clearly embodied in the amend-ment. Senator Blair's amendment marks an epoch in our history. . . . The pulpit and the platform should herald the truths it teaches, from ocean to ocean." Yes, the amendment will not only aid in discussing National Reform principles, it will also, if adopted, most materially aid the Na-tional Reformers in carrying those principles into practice by the civil power, and in satis-fying their intense longing to tolerate dissent-ers as lunatics and conspirators are tolerated. THE Tribune of this city thinks that we are needlessly alarmed about the Blair Sunday Bill. The Tribune evidently does not under-stand the situation. The bill in question may fail to become a law, but that does not prove by any means that the serious consideration of such a measure is not a menace to religious liberty in this country. The systematic and persistent efforts which are being made by hundreds of thousands of people banded together in various churches, associations, and societies throughout our land to secure religious legislation in this country, should arouse every liberty-loving citizen to a sense of danger, and set him to work to enlighten others in regard to National Reform designs and practices. Senator Blair may be, as the Tribune inti-mates, a harmless " crank," but there are many thousands afflicted with the same re-ligious-legislation mania, and there is a dan-gerous method in their madness. We cannot afford to settle down in fancied security when such measures are being seriously proposed in the Senate of the United States. THE latter part of July, " Sam " Jones, the great revivalist, preached in Windsor, Canada, to an audience composed mostly of Americans, who went over there to hear him. One of his devout, elegantly refined, and intensely in- structive passages was this "Now I'll tell you, I think we are running the last political combat on the lines we have been running them on. It is between the Re-publicans and Democrats, this contest, and it is the last the Republicans will make in America. The Democrats are going in over-whelmingly. Four years from now the Pro-hibition element will break the solid South. The issue then will be, God or no God, drunk-enness or sobriety, Sabbath or no Sabbath, Heaven or hell. That will be the issue. Then we will wipe up the ground with the Demo-cratic party, and let God rule America from that time on." And this the Christian Statesman inserts un- der the heading, " The National Reform Move-ment I " It is very appropriately placed. It is a worthy addition to the literature of the National Reform movement. But what con-summate mountebanks many of those popu-lar " revivalists " do make of themselves ! 'I  ¥ 4- As- was to be expected, the National Re-formers are delighted with Senator Blair's religious amendment to the Constitution. It is in substance just what they have been work-ing for all these years. The Christian States-man Of July 12 says the amendment " should receive the strenuous support of all American Christians." In its issue of July 19"the States- man says "Senator Blair's proposed constitutional amendment furnishes an admirable opportu-nity for making the ideas of the National Re-form Association familiar to the mind of the people." Then, after mentioning " Christianity, the religion of the Nation," and "the Bible, the text-book of. our common Christianity, in all the schools," it says:Ñ " These have been our watch-words in the discussions of a quarter of a century. And now these ideas are actually pending before the Senate of the United States in the form of a joint resolution proposing their adoption as a part of the Constitution of the United States. Here is a great opportunity. Shall we boldly and wisely improve it ?" We are afraid that the iniquitous scheme will ultimately carry. ¥  IN the Christian Statesman of August 9, Rev. R. C. Wylie praises Senator Blair's proposed constitutional amendment, because it would, if adopted, give the National Reformers many advantages which they have not now. He says " We would then have a vantage-ground we have not now. The leading objection that has been urged against us will have lost its power. That objection, which has such a tender regard for the infidel conscience, will have spent its force against this amendment, and will be no more fit for use against us." That is to say: The charge of invading the rights of conscience has, so far, lain against the National Reformers; but now, if this amendment is carried, this charge will lie against the amendment, and will spend itself there while the National Reformers es-cape. This charge is justly made against the Na-tional Reformers; for they distinctly affirm that the civil power has the right to compel the consciences of men. And the admission that if the amendment were adopted the charge would then lie against that, is a con-fession that the proposed amendment, if adopted, will invade the rights of conscience. And that is the truth. It will surely do so. If it would not, it would not be so heartily indorsed by the National Reformers. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE bIONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and. religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - 50c. In clubs of five or more copies, per year, each, - - 30c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 2s. ¥ Address,  AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1011 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 