350 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Leslie Munce: "Squire, will you allow me to ask the witnesses a few questions ? " Justice: "Yes; I forgot that." Leslie Munce: "Mr. John Carney, you are the first witness. You say you saw me digging up bushes on the sabbath day." Witness: "Yes; I did." Munce: "John, can you tell me which day is the Sabbath day?" Witness (confused): "Well, I did; we take Sunday; it was on the 25th of April." Justice : "That won't do ; it is contempt of court. We take the first day for the Sabbath, and it is indorsed by the laws of this State and the United States and the civ-ilized world over, as the Sabbath. So your argument won't do." Munce: "Squire, you say that Sunday is the first day of the week." Justice: "Yes." Munce: "The Bible says the seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord thy God." Justice: "Stop; we don't want the Bible; that won't do; and if you don't stop I will fine you for contempt of court. The Bible is not what we want, it is the law." Munce : "Well, Squire, can't you allow the evidence of the Bible in this matter?" Justice : "No ; the Bible is not the thing; it is the law we want." Munce: "Is not that a Bible you swore the witnesses on?" Justice : "Yes." Munce: "Hbw is it, Squire, you will not take the tes_ timony of these witnesses unless they swear by God's Word that what they say is truth? If they can be allowed these oaths by God's word, why not accept my statements concerning the Sabbath by God's word?" Justice: "That will do; I don't want any more. You have got to stop." Munce: "All right, Squire; I will ask the other wit-ness a question. Maud, why did you seek to do me a wrong?" Maud Carter : "I wanted to show you what the law could do with you." Justice (to second witness) : "That will do, now ; I want you to stop where you are and don't say any more." Justice to Leslie Munce: "I fine you $4 and costs, amounting to $2.19, making $6.19. And Robert Will-iams, you are fined with the same amount, making $12.38 in all." Constable to Munce : "Leslie Munce, what are you going to do?" Munce : "It is for you and the Squire to say what you are going to do." Justice : "Are you going to pay the fine?" Munce : "No ; I have done no one any harm, and I cannot pay anything." So the constable went and got his horse and wagon, and Brothers Munce and Williams got in on the rear seat with the constable in front, and the people seemed to think they were two as harmless criminals as could have been seen. So Brothers Munce and Williams spent their Sabbath in Dover Jail. But Brother Munce said he never spent a better Sabbath in his life. The Lord was with him, and he never realized the need of the Saviour as at that time,  and everything went as pleasant as could be. The har-dened criminals seemed to drink in the Word of God like water as they had never had the Bible read to them in that light. Brother Munce had opportunity to give away some tracts and to talk some in favor of the truth. He was in jail only twenty-four hours. Those hardened,  criminals made him promise them he would come again and bring them some reading matter and read to them. We can accomplish wonders if we will only be led by the Spirit of God. So we want to say, as the great Teacher said, " We come to do Thy will, 0 God, for Thy law is within our hearts." And the prospect is that if we continue to keep this law of God there will be more of us to go to jail soon. The spirit of persecution seems to be stalking at large at present. Those who hate us are taking pains to spy out our liberty, and some of the lower class say they will give in all they see at work on Sunday, both men and women. FRED H. SEENEY. -0-46-0-611 BY their action in the case of the Rev. W. H. Cossum, who criticised the acceptance by the Baptist Mission Board of a bequest of $250,000 from a well known mil-lionare, the Board seem to have put a peculiar interpre-tation upon the scripture that "charity covereth a mul-titude of sins." TO OUR PATRONS,: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin in sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromis opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State,. either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paella Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF THE International Religious Liberty Assoeiatiort. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. Six months, k 46 Three " - ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 