AMERICAN SENTINEL. 413 road directors were unwilling to run Sunday trains when the petitions were first sent to them; but they were signed by church members and the directors at length yielded to the demand. These church trains developed an appe-tite for Sunday travel. If respectable, moral and reli-gious persons could take an excursion to church, others could take excursions to the sea-shore. Though only a few local trains were at first run on Sunday, the public de-mand increased rapidly, until now they are running all over the land. Carroll D. Wright, then chief of the Massachu-setts Bureau of Statistics of Labor, said in his official re-port: 'It can safely be asserted that all the facts, so far as ascertained, show that the inauguration and establish-ment of the Sunday-train system on the railroads which centre in Boston was wholly the work of church-going people, and that it was also for their convenience in go-ing to special churches to which they had become at-tached. It was not called for, however, by any necessity in enabling them to attend the public worship of God." In this land of liberty, no person is obliged to do any work upon a Sunday newspaper, nor to sell, buy or read it; neither has he any right to forcibly restrain any one else from perfect freedom of choice in the matter. It is also an indefeasible right for any person to go where he pleases by a Sunday excursion train or any other so long as his conduct is strictly civil; and he is amenable to God alone as to how he spends the Sabbath, whether that day be the first, the seventh, or any other day of the week. It is altogether proper for a minister, or any other be-liever, to persuade men, even with earnest entreaty, to discontinue Sabbath-breaking, but they have no right to use the lash of the law nor the revengeful methods of a boycott to effect a reform. Men and boys are largely confined in the dusty shops and factories of our towns every day, week in and week out, except on Sunday, while their wives and sisters toil in their hot kitchens or laundries, seldom getting a breath of heaven's air free from the grime and odors of the none too clean city. But the clergy, largely free from the discom-forts of their parishoners, are, some of them, able to go to a lake-side or beautiful park, taking their families and servants with them, and spend weeks of the "heated term" in the enjoyment of the beauties of nature, forbid-ding the poor of their congregations, under proposed legal penalties, from availing themselves of the only feasible opportunity of enjoying like pleasure, because, forsooth, the Sunday excursion train is their only means to this end. Every person has a right to keep Sunday as the sab-bath if he chooses to do so and to persuade as many others as he can; but when an attempt is made to enforce it by civil law, the advocate will find himself arrayed on the side of the prince of darkness. When an appeal is made to the Bible to sustain Sunday sanctity, a Gibralter of divine authority will resist the attack, for God commands in his Word the sanctity, not of the first, but of the seventh day. Grandville, Mich. Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Penn. WE have received from the author, Mr. W. H. Wild, a copy of his beautiful picture-chart, entitled, "The Two Ways." It is designed as a study of the way of salvation that delivers from the way of destruction. It is a beau-tiful picture, a suggestive chart, an interesting study, and an excellent daily counsellor. All the children will certainly be charmed with it; and all the older folks must surely be pleased with it, on sight. It is 23x30 inches in size, and is printed in twelve clearly defined colors. It must be seen to be appreciated. Price, 75 cents. Ad-dress Wild and Hilliard, 67 Kendall St., Battle Creek, Michigan. TO OUR PATRONS : 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Patifie Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF THE International Religious Liberty Assoeiation. Single Copy, Per Year, $1.00. Six months, tt Three " - ADDRESS, ATIERICAN SENTINEL, "ETERNAL vigilance is the price of liberty," 39 Bond Street, New York.  