238 S INT171  IN MIL,. VoL. 9. No. 30. the ground alledged is utterly absurd. This certainly could not have been meant to be taken seriously. But is the idea that because the law is evaded it ought to be repealed any better ? Scarcely. ' If con-gressmen ought to be paid for neglecting their business when they should be attend-ing to it, then ought this law to be re-pealed, but not otherwise. If our law-makers are so dishonest as to demand pay for work they do not do, and so utterly lost to all sense of decency as to falsify in order to get what does not in either jus-tice or law belong to them, then indeed have we become one of the basest of na-tions and a hissing and a reproach to the world. Will Congress rest under the im-putation thus put upon it by Mr. Powers, or will it show itself to be clear in this matter ? Triumph of Faith. COMMENTING on the fact that England is slowly but surely being converted to the true faith, the London correspondent of the Drogheda Argus says : " The truth is that at the present moment Catholicity in England, so far from being banned and scoffed at, is becoming fashionable, and to the Cardinal-Archbishop of Westminster is conceded a rank and a precedence, even in the presence of royalty, which are both striking and gratifying. Then, again, we have the convert Lord Ripon, a member of the queen's cabinet and filling the office of one of the great secretaries of State; and my conviction is that only for the band of bigots at present in the two Houses of Parliament, an act opening the Lord Chancellorship of England to a Cath-olic would be passed without murmur; and furthermore, that the English. people would be well content to see the English woolsack occupied by the eminent Catho-lic lawyer, Sir Charles Russell."ŠThe Monitor. Sunday Desecration Made Responsible for the Dagger of the Assassin. THE Christian Statesman of July 7, attempts to place the responsibility of the work of the assassin, in the case of Pres-ident Carnot, upon Sunday desecration in France. But in the attempt it has com-pletely stultified its own position. The Statesman says: " For a hundred years the French nation has been in open de-fiance of the law of God, which com-mands ' Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy.' . . . But the Sabbath is the one unfailing, open witness of the Almighty. It is a witness set in the heavens, and when observed, testifies to the authority of Jehovah with the clear-ness and constancy of the shining sun. " The French people have been playing the anarchist toward the Almighty for one hundied years. They have stabbed right-eousness to the heart every seventh day and defied God to avenge the dishonor of crime." And then, with a wonderful amount of seeming modesty, the'Statesman continues: We do not like to attempt to interpret Providence, but if the Almighty should desire to testify against this wickedness and defiance of his law and manifest his wrath was there a more opportune time than that in which the blow of the assassin fell ?" But how is this ? Does the reader see the relation between the fourth com-mandment and the blow of the assassin ? Here it is : " There is one thing in con-nection with the time and circumstances  of his death which deeply impressed xis, but which we have not seen referred to, viz., that he was assassinated on the Sab-bath [Sunday] at the close of a day of feasting and public demonstration, and while he was on his way to the theater to witness a performance." All of which is to say that because the French people have not regarded SundayŠof course it means Sunday, although it says sev-enth dayŠwith that Puritanical strict-ness that the Statesman thinks to be necessary; yetŠ(and the Statesman would be very modest in the interpretation of Providence)Šyet Providence(?) directed the matter in such a way so that the blow of the assassin fell at that particular hour on Sunday ! ! Was ever absurdity more absurd ? It is even worse ;Šit is open blasphemy to thus attribute the work of the assassin to Providence. But with. all due charity I will indulge the fond hope that the Christian States-man did not mean all that the words imply. Yet it is a fact that men are driven in their blindness to a false cause, to make just such mistakes. H. F. PHELPS. St. Paul, Minn. Romanism in Belgium. THE religions statistics of Belgium for 1890, which were only published towards the close of last year, give the number of conventual institutions and their inmates in the kingdom-229 monasteries, with 4,775 monks, and 1,546 convents, with 25,323 sisters and nuns. These have grown during the decade preceding from 231 monasteries, with 4,120 monks, and 1,346 convents, with 21,242 sisters. The increase was not so great as in the period 1870-80, when many of the religious sects expelled from Prussia settled in Belgium. In the next decade many of these returned, owing to the relaxation of the church laws. But there are still over 30,000 men and women belonging to the various orders, and tak-ing the population of Belgium in 1890 at 6,000,000, we find one "religious "Šmonk or sisterŠto every WO persons.ŠAmer-ican. Ł Ł Ł  A Nebraska Paper Protests. EVERY little while there is a threat of returning to the practical union of Church and State in this country. Any one who has even a superficial knowledge of reli-gious history knows that wherever religion and politics have been united, wherever Church and State have been at one, there has been tyranny. There never has been a case in the history of the world where religion had the power to use the arm of the State that it did not use it, and use it against the rights and liberties of those who did not agree with them in their re-ligious opinions. There never has been one single case. Only a little while ago a man in one of the Southern States was in prison. He was a Seventh-day Baptist. He believed in observing the Sabbath as he is ordered to in the Bible. His neigh-bors believed in keeping the first day; and there is a nefarious law on their statute book making it a crime for a man to work on the first day of the week. This man having kept the seventh day as his Bible told him to, and not feeling under any obliga-tion to keep two daysŠthe same Bible commanding him to labor six daysŠwent about his business on the first day of the  week, and was arrested and imprisoned. The only safety for liberty is the utter separation of Church and State. Yet every little while there is a bill introduced into Congress to attempt to put the name of God into the Constitution, and to de-clare officially in our fundamental law that we are a Christian people; and this right in the face of the fact that, were the orthodox God and the orthodox interpre-tation of Christianity to get into the Con-stitution of the United States, the rights of man would go out in the downfall of pure republican government and the es-tablishment of an hierarchal government, and that it would then be necessary for the freemen to arise in their might, de-molish the oligarchy and hurl the traitors into oblivion, at whatever cost.ŠThe Sen-tinel, Oakdale, Nebraska. Ł Ł Sunday Omnibuses in Toronto. AFTER the Sunday-car agitation in To-ronto, Canada, last summer, a Mr. Kelly started Sunday 'buses. He has about eight at present. It grieves the Sunday people greatly, and it has been all Sunday preachers could endure to see such " dese-cration" continue. The law was not in-voked until recently, but now the matter is in the courts, and the Sunday people are doing all in their power to restrict the movement of the people on the first day of the week. Those who do not own car-riages, and are not able to hire them, can go to church or else stay at home. ALL that religious societies have a right to ask of the civil government is the same privileges for transacting their own affairs which societies of every sort possess. This they have a right to demand, not because they are religious societies, but because the exercise of religion is an innocent mode of pursuing happiness. If it hap-pens accidentally that others are benefited, it does not follow that they are obliged to pay for this benefit. It cannot be proved that the Christian religion needs the sup-port of the civil government, since it has existed and flourished when entirely de-prived of this support.ŠRev. Dr. Way-land's Political Economy. A CONTEMPORARY remarks that tolera-tion " is certainly a virtue whose spirit is embodied in the American Constitution." Equality is a better word than toleration, and best expresses the real spirit of the Constitution. We do not " tolerate " Presbyterianism or Roman Catholicism in this country. Both have perfect equality before the law. We tolerate what we may disallow if we choose; so Spain tolerates Protestantism. But religious equality is a right not to be gainsaid; and that is the boast of America, as it is a fundamental principle of the Federal Constitution.--" The Christian Work. " THE members of the London Teach-ers' Association," says the London Corres-pondent of the New York Sun, " have refused to comply with the request of the tyrannical school board that they should individually explain why they wish to be excused from giving the form of religious instruction required by the famous circu-lar. It remains to be seen what the board will do in face of file defiance of the teachers." 