06 A.mniticAN VOL. s. go. 84. silke or lynnen, with any lace on it, silver, gold, silke or thread, under the penalty of forfeiture of such cloathes, etc. ;" and a notice dated Nov. 8, 1666, that the sheriff had been removed from office, fined £50 and imprisoned "For allowing Baptist conventicler in his house." The following extracts from the News will give the situation. In the first page editorial entitled, " Blue Law Sunday ; Somerville's first Experience in Puritani-cal Ways," is the following:Š Last Sunday our citizens had their first experi-ence of the coming Blue Law era of this city. In compliance with the order issued by Chief of Police Parkhurst, the barber shops were closed and the unfortunate that did not get shaved on Saturday, went without it until Monday. The druggists (with three exceptions) also closed their stores and had hung in conspicuous places signs, " Closed on account of the Blue Law," and of a similar charac-ter. Then follows an enumeration of cases where ice cream was refused to sick per-sons (to well persons too, forsooth), in-ability to obtain liquor for a case of poi-soning, prohibition of labor to a provision packing company, railroad employds, etc. While these little grievances may be con-sidered serious enough by those bearing them, yet the same spirit at work in Som-erville will work vastly more serious re-sults, if it is not zealously opposed and driven to the wall. Not mere policy and expediency for the present, as many regard it, but principle is involved. Once let the spirit of bigotry get hold of the civil law and persecution is sure to follow. The State is ruined and religion is suppressed. Religion and morality cannot be forced upon an individual. A whole bundle of truth is wrapped up in the following humorous editorial:Š How old Sol steamed up last Sunday The issue was made fair and square, and we will venture to say that there was more hungering and thirsting after ice cream and soda than after righteousness! It would be no more absurd to pass a law that every one shall be hungry for a certain article of food at five o'clock every other day, than to pass a law that they should hunger for righteousness every first day of the week. One law should be just as successful as the other; both would make hypocrites and fools. But is not the State dipping into just such absurdi-ties when it makes a Sunday law? "Keep the State and Church forever separate." Massachusetts is following the evil ex-ample of her sister States, and soon her records will be stained with blots like those of Arkansas, Tennessee and Mary-land. Let other States take warning, and root out the dangerous weed of bigotry before it kills the tender plants. W. E. HOWELL. History Repeats Itself. THE truthfulness of the statement made by Gibbon, in his history of the " Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire," Vol. 4, page 528, has probably never proven it-self more true than in the case of the Boston preachers, calling upon the Presi-dent of the United States to use troops to enforce the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday. Speaking of the time of Justinian, A. D. 519-565, Gibbon says :Š Toleration was not a virtue of the times, and in-dulgence to rebels has seldom been the virtue of princes. But when the prince descends to the nar-row and peevish character of a disputant, he is easily provoked to supply the defect of argument by the plenitude of power, and to chastise without mercy the perverse blindness of those who wil-fully shut their eyes against the light of the dem-onstration. The demonstration being satisfactory to their own minds everybody must bow in silent submission or take the conse-quences. Any number of men bound to-gether to enforce unjust laws, can be as cruel as one prince, if the same power is given to them. Just let these men, with such a spirit, get the laws they are seek-ing for, and how quickly we would see our glorious land of liberty filled with vio-lence from one end to the other. How soon we would learn by sad experience, that, indulgence to rebels has never been the virtue of law. 0. OPPEGARD. Eau Claire, Wis. Christians Destroying the "Christian Sabbath." THE Christian, Statesman does not spare its lurid rhetoric in denouncing the World's Fair officials for their part in Sunday opening, but it is compelled to acknowledge that Christians, in their organized capacity, as well as in individ-ual cases, set the example which the Chi- cago directors have followed. In its issue for July 8, 1893, the Statesman said :Š We frequently hear of a minister going to the pulpit from a Sunday train. Why not prelude the sermon with theft or adultery, or murder, the commands against which are in the same code and much briefer than the Sabbath law ? We will be glad to give evangelical ministers who use Sunday trains, half a column each toftexplain, over their own signatures, if they dare, how they harmonize a ride on a Sunday train with either the Old Testa-ment law of the Sabbath, or the New Testament spirit of the Lord's day. Most preachers who use Sunday trains explain that they do so only in emergencies? But do they steal in emergencies? No man can do as much good by a sermon as he can do harm by going to it, or from it, -on a Sun-day train. The excuses made do not satisfy other people, nor the offender himself. At this season of the year there is special danger that churches that have protested against a large Sunday picnic at Chicago, will advertise their in-consistency by holding small ones in camp-meet-ings and assemblies. The mother Chautauqua keeps the Sabbath and most of her children, but at Sedalia, if newspaper reports are correct, one of the Sunday-school assemblies, on the 25th of June, opened its gates with an admittance fee, and a preacherŠjust like the World's Fair, to that extent Šand no doubt in the fact that Sunday pleasuring followed the sermon. We are glad the pastors of Sedalia set themselves against this attempt to sanc-tify the Sunday show business, and we hope that if any other assembly or camp-meeting brings such a scandal on Christianity, its officers will be called to account in the church or in the courts. It is one of the strange things that, while a man who steals a dollar is " churched," a man who steals time from God and man is not even reproved. A greater peril to the Sabbath even than Sunday-opening at Chicago, is the widespread Sabbath-breaking of Christians. It is this Achan that causes our defeats and delays our victory. Undoubtedly these Sunday-breaking preachers would answer the Statesman as they do the Evangel and Sabbath Out-look, when it presses the claims of the Sabbath, by saying that the " Old Testa-ment law ' has nothing to do with Sun-day, and that there is no command in the New Testament to regard Sunday. Should they do this their plea would be half true, which is more than can be said of the words of the Statesman while it asserts that the fourth commandment requires men to keep Sunday holy, and that the preacher who rides on a Sunday train is as wicked as he would be if he committed a theft before going to the pulpit. The mock piety of the Statesman has no foun-dation. Nevertheless it is true that the danger to Sunday, and to all Sabbathism, and all confidence in the Bible, is far greater be-cause of the false and inconsistent posi- tion of Christians than it is from "Sun-day opening." But the " Achan " lies further back. He does not dwell wholly in Chicago. The stealing began when pagan influences drove the Sabbath out of the Christian Church and put Sunday and many other holidays in its place. The wicked theft was continued when Puritan-ism stole the name of the Sabbath and sought to make Sunday sacred by pasting the sacred name thereon. The Statesman keeps up that theft and indulges in many prevarications to make the theft appear honest. There is the real trouble. The days of ignorance on these points are passed and God cannot be cheated by the thin guises the Statesman weaves. Hence defeat follows defeat, and Congress, the Congress of a " great Christian Nation," cannot save Sunday from ignominy. The Statesman is doing excellent work in undermining and ruining the Christian Church by its false claims concerning Sun-day and the false accusations against the Sabbath. Go on if you will. Plenty of defeats await you, they lie in ambush all along the path you have chosen. How many must you suffer before you will cease fighting God and truth ?ŠEvangel and Sabbath Outlook. THE China Mail, publisled in Hong-kong, has this to say about the attitude of the churches in America towards the anti-Chinese law :Š Now that it is too late, the various churches are very indignant and emphatic against the Geary law. The Methodists announce that they have decided to make a " vigorous fight" against it. If they had fought with only a little vigor a year ago, and brought the great political power of their denomination to bear on Congress and executive, they could have beaten the Exclusion act easily. The General Association of Congregational Churches of Massachusetts adopted a. resolution at Boston on Thursday in which they " beg the Chinese to sus-pend judgment upon Christian ethics until the Christian people of the land have asserted them-selves. What were the Christian people of the laud doing when the Geary law was pending ? They were moving heaven and earth to avert the judgments of the Almighty on a nation that would open a World's Fair on Sunday. They were assert-ing, as a distinguished Congregational clergyman has said, that it was a great boon to a Christian nation to have a President who began the day with family prayers in the White House, no matter whether he rose from his knees to sign or veto a bill that outraged religion and humanity alike. This was the real display of "Christian ethics" upon which the Chinese are now asked to suspend judgment. Perhaps they will consent to do so, though the Founder of the Christian religion did not feel compelled to in his day, and had some particularly unpleasant things to say of the pious and respectable churchgoers of his time who made long prayers for a pretense, and were especially sound on the Sabbath question, but cared nothing about justice and mercy. The criticism is just. If one fourth the effort had been put forth in opposition to the Geary law that was expended to secure governmental recognition of Sun-day sacredness, the churches would not now be deploring its existence and its probable destructive effects on Christian missions in China. But if the missions in China are devoted to inculcating the su-perficial Sunday " Christianity " which has of late become so popular in this country, their destruction would be small loss to the cause of vital piety. However, we do not believe that the religion of the cross, so far as it is represented in heathen lands, has degenerated as it has in this country. Not having the civil arm upon which to lean, Christians in China have not yet forsaken their Lord for Baal, nor gone down to Egypt for help. It is only in " Christian " lands that the followers of Christ thus deny him. 