T'E'MPERANCE A=1 fiLIGIOUS LITERATA-E, 04/ APPLICAT/OW TO THE p\GN,  A -.BATTLE CREEK, M'ICH ' Coe 0 NO EiV 4/TED. N.1 tn AN,,,k,SPE^LAITY.  THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 39 that the Catholic Church has always insisted, and must always insist, upon the teaching of religion with education. For this reason we - cannot patronize_ the public schools, and -are forced to establish our own parochial schools. The question, where there are many different denominations, each with its own creed, is a difficult one to settle. We could be satisfied with nothing less than the teaching of our whole faith. Protestant denominations, if they value their own creeds, ought to feel as we do. "Denominational schools are, to our mind, the only solution of the question. This plan should satisfy everyone, and would save the State a vast outlay of expense. " The points you propose, while better than none, would never satisfy us, and we think they ought not to satisfy many of the Prot-- estant, churches; while the infidels, who are now Yery numerous, would certainly reject them. " We believe that the country will yet see the ruinous effects of an education from which religion has been excluded. With sincere respects on the part of the Archbishop and myself. Yours very truly,"T. S. PRESTON, V. G. " REV. GEO. SHIPMAN PAYSON."  - Then says, the committe.e:7- "The position of the Roman Catholics upon the question, therefore, is well defined." Indeed it is, a good deal better defined than is this Presbyterian spider's web. That is `Ł not a position at all, it is only a floating scheme trying to catch whatever element it Can. . What an edifying spectacle it is indeed, to see a committee from the Presbyterian Synod of New York, soliciting the alliance of the Catholic Church, and that not only to meet With a rebuff, but to be snubbed with the reminder that Protestant denominations don't value their own creeds, and that the " points " proposed " ought not to satisfy many of the Protestant churches!" And then, more than all, to find the committee re- porting-. this as a "most satisfactory" result! Well, well, what will the committee do next? We have not the least doubt, however, that they will do as was suggested by the National Reformers seven years agoŠthey will "make repeated advances," and allow themselves to be subjected to repeated "re-buffs," to get Rome's "co-operation in any, form in which they may be willing to exhibit it." Because, "it is one of the necessities of the situation." A. T. J. Ł Sunday-Law Fallacies Exposed. THE Cincinnati Commercial Gazette of March 10 makes some good points against the .ad-vocates of civil statutes to enforce the observ-(ince of Sunday, or, as they call it, Sabbath. The article is too long to print entire, but we insert the main points, that expose the sophis-try of those political religionists who propose to enforce religious observances under cover of civil statutes; and who propose to carry civil government into the realm of morals, or rather propose to reduce the moral law to a level with civil statutes, and to give to the law of God the sanction of civil enactments. " Separated from the Creator's seventh day of rest, the Sabbath commandment would be -separated from its foundation and meaning. Has Jehovah repealedthe seventh-day com- mandment? If so, let the repealing word be shown. Can man repeal it? Can man shift Jehovah's law from the seventh to the first day? Can he say that the story of the six days' work of creation is a myth of an igno-rant people, and that God did no corporal work, and was not tired, and that creation may have been evolution. through millions of years, and that the essence of the command-ment is that one day in seven, or one-seventh of the time, shall be a day of cessation from the ordinary vocations ? '"A letter in the Commercial .Gazette of the 6th, laying down the standards of the Pres-byterian Church, and warning this paper against ' leaving the sphere of the secular and entering the arena of the religious,' shows that that church has repealed the seventh-day commandment, and has re-enacted it for the first day, whereby it has created the sin of Sabbath-breaking on the first day. No pru-dent person can wish to enter the religious arena' to deny that the Presbyterian Church can repeal the law of God, and can enact a law to create new sins. But such repeal and enactment are binding only on Presbyterians, and cannot be made the ground of State statutes. As to the religious arena,' the newspaper province extends over all that con-cerns mankind. It recognizes no taboo. " The consciousness that the separation of the commandment from its foundation in the Creator's rest day, abandons all foundation for a day of holy time, and all foundation for a moral or civil code which makes sins of things on one day which are not sins on other days, is that which makes good people cling to a part of the commandmant, and try to enforce it on Sunday, after they have abolished it as to the Sabbath day. In this they fly from the commandment to the argument 'of man's welfareŠwhich cuts loose from the command-mentŠand then they fly from the argument of man's liberty in his welfare, to the com-mandment of holy time which they have re-pealed. " The matter of inhibition from work, for the relief of the toilers, -is one thing. The Sabbath commandment of Jehovah's holy day is another thing. The argument of man's welfare makes man free to adapt the inhibition to his welfare. But man may not adapt Jehovah's seventh-day Sabbath law to his idea of his own welfare. If that com-mandment stands, it is for the day it com-mands. It is a law or it is not. It is no fast-and-loose law. . . . " They declare Sunday the moral ruin of the people. They prove it by alleged statistics of criminal prosecutions to show that more crimes of violence are committed on Sunday than on all other days of the week. Why is this? Because the saloons are open? They are open on other days. This reduces them to the sole reason that it is becauseit is a day of idleness. " Their argument is absolutely destructive to the beneficence of the custom of a rest day. They continually affirm that a Sabbath day is the very foundation of religion, morals, and society, and they as incessantly declare that the custom of Sunday cessation from work in -the cities has made it a day of moral ruin. What is their recourse from the de-struction which they charge upon the day of idleness? To make statutes more stringent to en-force idleness. Arguing that idleness on that day leads mankind to, moral ruin, they call for a more rigid enforcement of idleness, to lead mankind to the ways of salvation. "Surely there is need to revise their basis in season before they can proceed rationally in legislation. Selling beer is no more a sin on Sunday than on other days. The reason why more crimes of violence are done on Sunday  than on other daysŠif that is a factŠis not that the saloons are open, but that men are idle. The good of a day of rest for the toil-ers has to be taken with the drawback of this unavoidable evil from idleness and indul-gence of the appetites. The cause is the cessa-tion of vocations. The attempt to close 'the saloons is a diversion from the true cause, and is a vain attempt to deal with one of the effects. "Moral laws must have a foundation of truth, or they will make no headway. The attempt to found Sunday laws or Sunday ob-servance on the Sabbath commandment is to give them a false bottom. The affirmation of the Sabbath law as binding on the con-science on Sunday, as a reason for Sunday statutes, while disclaiming any desire to enforce religious observance by statute, is crooked. The pretense that the saloons are the cause of the crimes of the day of idleness, is not true. Still, there is an eternal power in truth, which will bring to naught all stat-utes and moral causes which reject truth from the foundation, and try to build upon false assumptions." THE FIRESIDE TEACHER. A 32-PAGE MONTHLY. NEAT, CLEAN; PURE, ENTERTAINING, INSTRUCTIVE. TILE object of this journal is to create and encourage a love for learning; to promote correct habits of thought, and a truer appreciation of the things which the Creator has made and placed all around us for our instruction; to cultivate a pure and refined taste in literature. It also affords a most valuable help to all who are engaged in literary study. It contains general articles on Plant Life, Animal Life, Natural Scenery, Oce-anic Wonders, Strange Peoples and Countries, Literature, the World's Really Great Men, and among other Useful as well as Interesting Topics, TRUE PRINCIPLES AND METHODS OF EDUCATION. The School ROom Department contains thorough instruction,  on several important studies, such as Grammar, Arithmetic, and Rhetoric. The whole work is elegantly illustrated with fine engrav-ings. As a literary and educational journal it has no equal for its size. It is neat in execution ; entertaining, instructive, and moral in its character. It is highly appreciated by' all lovers of good literature. Air EZTEMMINAR OFFER.ŠFor $1.00 we will send to the ad-dress of anyone in the United States or Canada, who is not al-ready a subscriber for the magazine, the Fireside Teacher, and the Pacific Health Journal, monthly, for one year. Single sub-scription price for Fireside Teacher alone, $1.00. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is an eight-page monthly journal devoted to the defense of American Institutions, and the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is. For $1.25 we will send you both the American Sentinel and Fireside Teacher one year, post-paid. Address, THE FIRESIDE TEACHER CO., 71 College Ave., Battle Creek, Mich. HISTORY OH TEM SABBATH AIID FIRST DAY OF THE WEEK. BY ELD. J. N. ANDREWS. THIS WORE CONTAINS A MINE OF INFORMATION. RILE Bible record of the Sabbath; the secular history con-cernine it, the successive steps by which the change to the first day was made, and the work of restoration, are given in detail. Every text of Scripture concerning the Sabbath is commented on at length; and the complete Testimony of the Fathers in regard to the Sabbath and first day is given. The compara-tive merits of the seventh and the first-day Sabbaths are fully shown. A copious index enables the reader to find any text, or the statement of any historian. Should be read by everybody. 048 pp. Price, $2.00. Address, VAQIFic PRESS, Oakland, Cal, 