THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 203 would place all this beyond the reach of the poor by making it impossible for them to reach such places upon the only day that they can spend time to go to them; namely, upon Sunday. The rich can keep carriages and can on Sunday drive to these places or reach them upon other days either by private or public conveyances, but the poor cannot take the necessary time except on Sunday; and then if the hopes of the Sunday-law advocates should be realized, no public conveyances would be permitted on Sunday, and the rich would enjoy a monopoly of the parks and various resorts which now make life toler-able for the toiling masses in our great cities. Of course Sunday holidayism is not desirable; no more is very much of other holidayism. People are likely on all such occasions to run to excess ; but hosts of these people will not go to church and what are they to do ? A leading paper in this city says :Š Almost anything is better, for people who are confined by work during the week, than to remain in the heated, noisy, and ill-smelling city on a hot Sunday. Sensible and sophisticated folk start early in the day and thus avoid the rush. They seek an unfrequented rather than a popular resort. They prefer the beach, the woods, the fields, to the best-dressed crowd that ever assembled. And when they find the right spot, they- rest in the way which does them most good, whether it be a new and agreeable form of activity or sheer " lazing." It is a great thing to know how to rest and to cultivate a genius for repose. But this sort of resting is just what the Sunday-law people are determined the people shall not do; they propose to make it impossible for poor people to get into such places on Sunday. This city has, in Central Park, two magnificent museums, one of art, another of natural history, but they are both closed on Sunday in defer-ence to the demands of those who rever-ence the day. Referring to the last ses-sion of the Legislature of this State, the Mail and Express says :Š It is important to note that the Legislature did not altogether ignore, as some may be led to suppose, every measure having a moral bearing. It refused, for instance, to pass the bill providing for the open-ing on Sunday afternoons of the Metropolitan Mu-seum of Art, and the Museum of Natural History, in this city, and for this, every true believer in the sanctity of the Sabbath ought to be grateful. A large and powerful influence was brought to bear upon the Legislature in favor of this measure, and it is greatly to its credit that it did not pass. It will be observed that the only reason urged here for not opening these museums on Sunday is the religious character of the day. A large number of people have a religious regard for Sunday, and for this reason those who do not so regard it, or who so regarding it do not think it wrong to look at paintings and other beautiful and interesting. things upon that day, must be deprived of the privilege because of the feelings of those who think it wicked to spend any portion of Sunday in such a way. These people well know that there are thousands who cannot visit the  museums upon other days, but they care not for this; they keep Sunday and so everybody else must keep it too; they take snuff and if others don't take snuff also, they must at least sneeze. What they propose is to so hedge them about with law that they will be compelled to choose between staying at home and going to church. It is the duty of the State, they argue, to look after the morals of the peo-ple; the people cannot be truly moral without going to church and being relig-ious ; so it is the duty of the State to so ar-range matters that they will go to church and be religious; and the easiest way to secure this end is by Sunday laws. There can be no doubt that Sunday laws are essentially religious. The Christian Statesman if less wise is more candid than some of its co-workers in the Sunday-law cause, and unhesitatingly declares that the only basis for such legislation is found in the fourth commandment. In support of this proposition the Statesman says Judge Flandrau, of the Supreme Court of Min-nesota, declared that the Sabbath law of that State "can have no other object than the enforcement of the fourth of God's commandments, which are a recognized and excellent standard of both public and private morals" (Brimhall vs. Van Campen, 8 Minnesota Reports, 13). Judge Caldwell, of the Supreme Court of Texas, held that "the object of the Legislature was to forbid all secular employ-ments on the Sabbath, not excepted in the act. The disregard of the Sabbath, the refusal to recognize it as a day sanctified to holy purposes, constitutes the offense " (Elsner vs. the State, 30 Texas Reports, 524). The Supreme Court of Alabama said : " We do not think the design of the Legislature in the passage of the act can be doubted. It was evidently to pro-mote morality and advance the interests of religion, by prohibiting all persons from engaging in their common and ordinary vocations" (O'Donnel vs. Sweeney, 5 Alabama Reports, 467. See also Wright vs. Geer, 1 Root, 474; Fox vs. Able, 2 Connecticut Reports, 548; George vs. George, 47 New Hampshire Reports, 27). Of course the fourth commandment says nothing about Sunday, but, inasmuch as it is popularly supposed that it now en-joins the observance of that day, and in-asmuch as the design of those demanding Sunday laws is to honor that day for re-ligious reasons, Sunday laws have of ne-cessity a distinctively religious character. They are religious legislation and utterly at variance with the spirit of our free in- stitutions. C. P. B. The Precedent Lawyer. IN his address before the National Re- form 'Convention in Washington, last April, Judge Hagans, of Cincinnati, said :Š Very early the dies dominieus was set apart and the people were not to be employed in secular business on that day. Legislation in England be-gan in the reign of Henry VI., but a little more than a hundred years ago. During the reign of Charles IL, a statute was passed, which is the origin or foundation of the various and somewhat dissimilar acts of the legislatures of the several States of the United States on this subject. . . . In every State in this Union, Sunday laws have been passed by our various legislatures containing  provisions of more or less stringency, and construed and enforced by the highest courts, until a Sabbath of cessation from secular pursuits is firmly in-trenched in American law, there to abide forever. Ł Ł . This legislation has come to stay in this land. Here speaks the precedent lawyer. Be-cause the legislatures and the courts have mistakenly perpetuated a Church and State Statute of Charles IL, therefore, the error is " firmly intrenched in American law," and " there to abide forever," although in conflict with the spirit of American insti-tutions and the letter of the injunction which the general Government lays upon itself in the First Amendment to the Con-stitution. The Supreme Court and the Bible. IN the Northern Wisconsin News of May 8, we find the report of a sermon delivered by Rev. T. De Witt Peake, of the Methodist Episcopal Church, at Mer-rill, Wisconsin, Sunday evening, April 27. It sounds much more like genuine Meth-odist doctrine than does the report of the New York Methodist Episcopal Confer-rence rebuking the action of the Wiscon-sin Supreme Court in the case referred to. We wish the men of Mr. Peake's stamp were much more numerous, not only in the Methodist Church, but in all the other churches. We reprint the fol-lowing extract from this sermon It is known to all well-informed people in our State, that the Supreme Court of Wisconsin rendered a decision, March 18, which holds that the reading of the Bible in the public schools of the State is uncon-stitutional. The case was an unusual one, as well as a most important one. Doubtless, feeling the gravity of the sit-uation, three of the Justices rendered sep-arate opinions on different phases of the. subject, the whole Court concurring in the decision on the main point at issue. The particular case at issue is known as the " Edgerton Bible Case," it having been the habit of some teachers in the Edgerton schools to read the Bible at the opening of the morning session each day, using the King James version of the Bi-ble. Some of the Catholic parents of the little city, whose children attended the public schools, protested against this exer-cise, and appealed to the Circuit Court for a writ of mandamus, compelling the School Board to have the practice stopped or show cause for not doing so. An alternative writ was granted, to which the School Board responded, and the relators demurred thereto. The demurrer was overruled, and on this, appeal was taken to the Supreme Court, which decided that the order of the Circuit Court overruling the demurrer of the relators must be re-versed, and the cause remanded with di-rections to that Court to give judgment 