THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 61 Wylie, Rev. J. M. Foster, and Rev. N. M. John- ston, with Rev. D. McAllister and Rev. T. P. Stevenson, editors of the Christian Statesman, are all Reformed Presbyterians. The other two District Secretaries, Rev. J. H. Leiper and Rev. Wm. Weir, are professedly United Presby- terians, but in advocating the National Reform they clearly violate the United Presbyterian creed, and stand as avowed Reformed Presbyte-rians. All the arguments for National Reform are Reformed Presbyterian arguments; all the principles are Reformed Presbyterian principles. We repeat, therefore, that the National Reform movement is nothing else than Reformed Pres- byterianism in politics. That this is the truth will be plainly apparent to any one who is acquainted with the two bodies; and the more closely the subject is studied, the more evident this truth will appear. We have room here for only a few points in proof. A catechism of the distinctive features of the Re- formed Presbyterian Church, by William L. Roberts, D. D., in presenting the supposed claims of Christ as king in the civil affairs of nations, and the duties of nations to acknowledge him as civil ruler, declares this to be " a peculiar principle of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, and the grand doctrine of their Testimony." And "their Testimony" condemns as an error, the statement, " That there is any creature or institution which is not subject to Christ, for the good of his church." In the Schaff-Herzog Encyclopaedia, Rev. J. R. W. Sloane says of the Reformed Presbyte- rians:Š " The more special and distinctive principle of this Church, the ono in which she differs from all others, is her practical protest against the secular character of the United States Con-stitution. Holding to the universal headship of Christ, and that civil government is a divine ordinance, and one of the all things' put under him as the mediatorial ruler of the universe, and that to him the allegiance of all nations is due, Reformed Presbyterians refuse close incor-poration with any government which does not in some form recognize those principles, and give them effective expression in its legislation. On examination of the United States Constitu-tion, that remarkable document is found to con-tain no recognition of God as the source of all legitimate civil authority, nor of his law as supreme above all human laws, nor of his Son as governor among the nations. . . . The Con-stitution does not recognize the Bible, the Chris-tian Sabbath, Christian morality, Christian qualifications for civil officials, and gives no legal basis for any Christian feature in the ad-ministration of Government. . . . They take the deepest interest in that reform move-ment which has for its object the amendment of the United States Constitution in those particu-lars in which they consider it defective. Indeed, they feel specially called to aid in its success, at whatever cost or personal sacrifice." The report on National Reform in the late Synod referred to above, says:Š "It is ours to hold up the ideals of. God which have originated the National Reform cause." In the Reformed Presbyterian for January, 1870, James Wallace says:Š "The proposed Amendment of the Federal Constitution is an acknowledgment by the Gov-ernment, that God is the author and source of all authority and power in civil government; that the Lord Jesus Christ is the ruler of na-tions, and that his revealed will contained in the Bible is the supreme law of nations.  Now the Association for National Reform pro-poses to have these distinctive principles of the Reformed Presbyterian Church adopted into the Constitution of the United States, and annull-ing any parts of that Constitution that may be inconsistent with these principles." Again he says:Š " The principles of National Reform are our principles, and its work is our work. National Reform is simply the practical application of the principles of the Reformed Presbyterian Church for the reformation of the nation." It is, therefore, as clear as a sunbeam that the National Reform movement is an effort to put into the Constitution of the United States and make practical there, the distinctive principles of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, and that the National Reform Party is doing the work of the Reformed Presbyterian Church. And when the United Presbyterian Church, the United Brethren Church, the Methodist Episcopal Church, the Prohibitionists, the Wom- an's Christian Temperance Union, or any other church, party, or union, lends its support to the National Reform Party, it is but doing the work of the Reformed Presbyterian Church,Šit is simply aiding to make of practical application in the civil affairs of this Nation, the distinctive principles of the Reformed Presbyterian Church. According to these principles, what is the duty of the State? Rev. J. M. Foster tells us:Š "The duties which the reigning mediator requires of nations," are " (1) A constitutional recognition of himself as king of nations. . . (2) A constitutional recognition of their duty as the divinely appointed keeper of the moral law. . . . (3) A constitutional provision of moral .and religious qualifications for their of-ficers. . . . (4) An acknowledgment and exemplification of the duty of national cove-nanting with him. . . . (5) An acknowl-edgment and performance of the Nation's duty to guard and protect the ChurchŠby suppress-ing all public violation of the moral law; by maintaining a system of public schools, indoctri-nating their youth in morality and virtue; by exempting church property from taxation; " and "by providing her funds out of the public treasury for carrying on her aggressive work at home and in the foreign field."ŠChristian Statesman, February 21, 1884. Now take even the phenomenal definition given by the National Reform Party itself, as to what constitutes a union of Church and State, i. e., " the selection of one church, the endowment of such a church, the appointment of its officers, and the oversight of its doctrines," and if this Reformed Presbyterian National Reform scheme does not sufficiently meet the definition, then nothing can; and if such would not be a union of Church and State, then there has never been any such union in this world. And yet, knowing that the principles of Na- tional Reform are the peculiar principles of the Reformed Presbyterian Church; knowing that the distinctive point of their attackŠthe sec- ular character of the ConstitutionŠis the dis-tinctive principle of that church, "the one in which she differs from all others; " knowing that the success of the National Reform move-ment will be but to make practical, in the affairs of this Government, these principles which are peculiar to the Reformed Presbyterian ChurchŠknowing all this, Dr. McAllister, T. P. Steven- son, W. J. Coleman, M. A. Gault, R. C. Wylie, 5. M. Foster, and all their Reformed Presbyte- rian National Reform associates, in National Convention assembled, will stand before the intelligent people of this Nation, and " affirm " and "re-affirm" that this movement does not tend, "in the least degree," toward a union of Church and State! A. T. J. Government not Paternal. IT is a part of the argument of the Religious Amendment Party that government is paternal and should therefore be the great conservator of religion. This is, and has been, ever the claim of those who, like the National Re-form Party, advocate the unity of religion and the State. In Macaulay's Essays,Š" Glad-stone on Church and State," and " Southey's Colloquies,"Šthere is a forcible presentation of the logic of this question. The following selec-tion we present as being particularly appro-priate to the National Reform Party; and that it may appear to the best advantage we insert the title of that party in place of the persons whom Lord Macaulay named:Š " The duties of government would be pater-nal, if a Government were necessarily as much superior in wisdom to a people as the most fool-ish father, for a time, is to the most intelligent child, and if a Government loved a people as fathers generally love their children. But there is no reason to believe that a Government will "have either the paternal warmth of affection or the paternal superiority of intellect. The Na-tional Reform Party might as well say that the duties of the shoemaker are paternal, and that it is a usurpation in any man not of the craft to say that his shoes are bad and to insist on having better. The division of labor would be no blessing if those by whom a thing is done were to pay no attention to the opinion of those for whom it is done. The shoemaker, in the Relapse, tells Lord Foppington that his lord-ship is mistaken in supposing that his shoe pinches. "It does not pinch; it cannot pinch; I know my business; I never made a better shoe." This is the way in which the Na-tional Reformers would have a Government treat a people who usurp the privilege of think-ing. Nay, the shoemaker of Vanbrugh has the advantage in the comparison. He contented himself with regulating his customer's shoes, about which he had peculiar means of informa-tion, and did not presume to dictate about the coat and hat. But these Reformers would have tbe rulers of a country prescribe opinions to the people, not only about politics, but about mat-ters concerning which a Government has no peculiar sources of information, and concerning which any man in the streets may know as much and think as justly as the king, namely, religion and morals. "Men are never so likely to settle a question rightly as when they discuss it freely. A Gov-ernment can interfere in discussion only by making it less free than it would otherwise be. " Men are most likely to form just opinions when they have no other wish than to know the truth, and are exempt from all influence, either of hope or fear. Government, as Gov-ernment, can bring nothing but the influence of hopes and fears to support its doctrines. It carries on controversy, not with reasons, but 