52 A.101   11-4,11,11C ANT SmN-rrimoi—. VoL. 10, No. 7. 1889, the best marching I saw was that of some of your school-children. The alignment of the company front was better than that of the regulars or of the Seventh Regiment." After the drill the visitors, being fortified by din-ner, will attend the principal event of the day. This will occur in the evening in Carnegie Hall, where Mr. Choate will talk on "What is a Vote?" and show that a vote in the hands of a man who has been taught to love his country, to recognize the value of obedience to law, and to toe out and hold his chin up, by military instruction, is a safe vote for the country. Chauncey M. Depew will talk on " Citizenship and Patriotism,"  as they are affected by school military instruction ; Gen. Benjamin, if it is possible for him to be present, will talk directly to the main .question, "Military In-struction in Schools and Colleges ;" the Hon. John S. Wise will speak on "A United Country ;" Gen. Miles will ask and answer "What Does the Flag Signify?" and the Hon. Seth Low will calm the minds of doubtful parents by proving that the best-drilled boys are the best book students in his address, "Influence of Mili-tary Instruction on the Student." The Lafayette Pout committeemen who are so enthusi-astically at work on this matter, invited a number of newspaper men and others to meet them at lunch in the Lawyers' Club yesterday to discuss the present aspect of the movement. Post Commander Adams said that although when the movement was first started the country at large was ignorant of the practical object in view, and New York City was indifferent; now the country was awake to the importance' of the movement, and New York was zealously alive in promoting it. He had been assured that on next Decoration Day there will be a parade here of 10,000 perfectly drilled public-school children. Only six weeks ago Lafayette Post began the attempt to bring about a concert of action between all the States, and the manner in which the attempt has been received was shown by the forty-seven letters from as many governors referred to above. At the Carnegie Hall meeting three governors at least will attend with their military staffs in full uniform. . . . . Commander Adams read from some collated data the committee has gathered which show that there are in the schools of the United States 1,800,000 boys be-tween the years of 12 and 18 who are able to handle a cadet rifle. He read from the repcct of a principal of a school in which military instruction had been given for several years. The report stated that the general deportment of tfie scholars and their physical condition had greatly improved since the introduction of military instruction. The military companies are recruited only from scholars in good standing, and so the but-tons become a badge of excellence. This grand "boom" announced for the 25th came off according to program. In the proceedings of that day there was nothing in addition to what is announced above, except that there was a company of school-girls who went through the sol-dierly drill in the armory, after the boys had exhibited their efficiency in it. And this shows that the movement is not to be confined to the boys in the schools of the country. Indorsements were received from all the governors in the country. There is one result that must inevitably follow the carrying out of this movement that is thus begun. That inevitable re-sult will be the separation, of every genu-ine Christian from any allegiance to the Government. If the thing shall be made in any way compulsory, it will force upon every Christian the direct issue of alle-giance to Jesus Christ or to the Government of the United States. For all know that the principle of Jesus Christ is peace, meekness and humility; while the principle of this thing is war, pride and ambition. The song of the angels that ushered Christ the Saviour into the world, a little child, is " Peace on earth, good will to men"Š not war and warlike emulation. His word is, "Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart." But this thing says, even to the children, "Take the arms .and accouter-ments of war upon you and learn the 'art' of strife, and contention, and of killing men." Christ humbled himself, and be-cafae obedient unto death, even the death of the cross, and therefore it is written, "Be ye clothed with humility;" while this proposed movement says, "Exalt your- selves; be clothed with pride and arro-gance." And therefore we say that if this thing is made in any way compulsory in the schools, it will force upon all the Christian parents of the country for immediate de-cision, the straight issue as to whether they will hold themselves and their chil-dren in allegiance to Christ and his prin-ciples at the risk of being counted unpa-triotic, and even disloyal, toward the Government of the United States (for it is proposed to do all this in the interests of "patriotism"), or whether they will yield to this demand of the spirit of war and worldly ambition, with the certainty of severing allegiance to Jesus Christ and the kingdom of God. If this beginning is carried into practice according to the proposition, the line will thereby be clearly drawn upon this is-sue and every Christian will be forced to de-cide. Of course the genuine Christian will have no difficulty in deciding the question : his allegiance is everlastingly settled uncompromisingly upon Jesus Christ. And this allegiance holds at the expense of every earthly considera-tion, even life itself. Therefore we say, and say truly, that as certainly as this thing is carried out, the inevitable result will be to separate every genuine Chris-tian from allegiance to the Government. In view of the situation, it is time for those who profess to be Christians in the coun-try to ask themselves :"Am I indeed a Chris-tian? Will I hold fast my integrity to the principles of Christ and my allegiance to him? or will I compromise and surrender my children to the rule of the spirit of war?" We have used the expression, "If this shall be made in any sense compulsory in the schools." But without its being made compulsory by law, it will yet be in a certain sense compulsory if it shall be gen-erally introduced into the schools; for then every boy physically and otherwise quali-fied for it, who shall refuse it, will instantly be ostracised. There will be enough com-pulsion about it to make a clear test of the Christian principle of both parents and children. It is no answer to this to say that minis-ters and prominent church-members in-dorse it; or that the churches have really taken the lead in the movement, in their organizing of the "Boys' Brigade ;" for in-stead of this being any valid argument or evidence in its favor, it is in fact only a positive evidence of the apostasy and anti-christian spirit that is pervading the pro-fessed Protestant churches of the land. Christ is peace. The spirit of Christ is the spirit of peace. The kingdom of Christ is the kingdom of peace. Christ himself is the King of peace. The war-spirit in those who profess to be Christ's, is antichrist. To bring to the support of the movement the like action and example of the churches, is the greatest condemna-tion that could be given it. For "this wisdom descendeth not from above, but is earthly, sensual, devilish. For where envying and strife is, there is confusion and every evil work. But the' wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle and easy to be intreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality, and without hypocrisy. And the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace of them that make peace." James 3 :15-18. Shall the spirit of Christ, or the spirit of war prevail in the Christian families of the land? This is the question which,  by this "amazing" movement, is forced upon all the Christians in the land. Another sure result will be that this thing will be greedily adopted by the pa-pacy in the United States as the means of crowding herself forward to the highest place as the grand exemplar and chief con-servator of "patriotism," and of "love" for the flag. The Catholic Church has had her Cadets, and Hibernian Rifles, and such like, for some time. All this militia-ism is directly in her line of things. For the last two or three years the papacy in this country has been making great boasts of her ability and efficiency as the "incul-cator of patriotism;" and now that this movement for military training of the school-children is professedly grounded on "patriotism," and is to be the great means of cultivating "patriotism," it will be taken by the papacy as a perfect godsend, and will be grasped and used accordingly for the purpose of lifting herself to the chief place before the country as a respecter of the flag and the guardian of the nation. Indeed we are not sure that any one would be far wrong in suspecting that the papacy is at the bottom of the scheme it-self. We do not certainly know that this is the case; but we know that there is ground for a good strong suspicion of it. And that ground is this: We have in our possession a series of resolutions adopted by the Catholic Club of Newark, N. J., on the night of September 26, 1894, and reported in the Catholic Mirror of Octo-ber 6, 1894, report and all reading as follows :Š The Catholic Club of Newark, at its meeting last Wednesday night, adopted a set of resolutions asking the Legislature to make provision for the introduction of military drill in the public, parochial and other schools within the State, in which boys are taught. The resolutions are as follows :Š "Resolved, That in the judgment of the Cauholic Club of Newark, N. J., the military resources of our country should not now be neglected, but should be developed as fully as a reasonable economy will allow ; and be it "Resolved, That we therefore suggest respectfully to the Legislature of our State that military instruction for the boys in our public schools ought to be pro-vided for, and may without a doubt be secured very cheaply through the agency of members of the Grand Army of the Republic and of the National Guard of the State ; and be it "Resolved, That we also suggest to the Legislature the propriety of providing for similar instruction in all the other schools in this State in which boys are taught; and be it "Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be for-warded to the clerk of the Senate and another to the clerk of the House of Assembly." It is to be hoped that such a law will come in vogue, as it will be of great benefit to the boys in many ways. That we consider sufficient ground for the suspicion that. the Roman Catholic Church is at the bottom of this movement now definitely set on foot throughout the nation by Lafayette Post, G. A. R., of this city. But whether this suspicion is correct or not, these resolutions are positive proof that she will enter heart and soul into the movement; that she will use it for all that it can be made to be worth in her own in-terests; and that she will use it in one way at least for the purposes which we have here pointed out. So certainly will this be found to be true, that as certainly as the movement shall be carried out, it will be a test upon all the people as Co whether or not they will play into the hands of the papacy. To support it will be to support the papacy, and to help forward her designs to con-trol the nation. It will be to help toward the consummation to which "all the re- 