366 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. tion to the taxable property of the indi-vidual members. A congregation, scarce any of whose members are taxed, will have a lordly church or cathedral, which receives the care of the State, the benefit of roads, protection from fire, etc., with-out paying a cent of equivalent. And the vicious principle once granted, no one can tell where we are to stop. If the Protestant churches in the city, and State of New York, had maintained from the start the only tenable ground, the Roman Catholic churches and schools and protectories and hospitals would hardly have received such lavish endow-ments from the State and city; and the ground on which St. Patrick's cathedral stands would not have been conveyed by the city for the sum of one dollar. The objection to church exemption may be stated in a few words : " We do not want to pay our money if we can help it." Here is a church which has a valuable property; but changes in population have left it weak. It would come very hard to pay the taxes. This is quite likely. But exactly the same reason would hold for maintaining the religious establishment in England, in Wales, in Germany, in Russia. If it is said that the churches are not money-making institutions, the same reason would argue the exemption of art galleries, club-houses and, in fact, of all residences that are not productive of direct and visible income. When this matter was somewhat pro-fusely and warmly discussed eighteen years ago, only two religious papers (if I recollect aright) took distinct and positive ground against the policy of exemption, The Independent and The National Bap-tist. It is a source of gratification to those who were then in the minority, and who got a great many more kicks than half-pence, to see that the world is grad-ually coming around, and that men every-where are approaching the only tenable, logical position. It seems to me that there is very often in our utterances an unexpressed, but very real, proviso. Before every election the citizen is exhorted to exercise his lib-erty as a freeman, with the proviso "Pro-vided you go with the party." We adjure the minister and the theological aspirant to study the Bible, to study it candidly ; and we add (in an undertone, as it were), " provided your study brings you out just where we want it to." The merchant says to his traveling salesman, " Be honest with every one; represent everything as it is; do not vary from absolute rectitude, always provided you sell the goods." The owner leases his premises to the saloon-keeper, and says: "Preserve perfect order; do everything for the welfare of the neighborhood ; and do not cause any scandal, provided you pay the rent promptly." The American citizen is asked if he be-lieves in perfect religious liberty and in  the severance of Church from State. He replies : " Oh, yes ! I do devoutly. I be-lieve in every religious denomination sup-porting itself without State aid, provided that this does not interfere -with our re-ceiving from the State, annually, the amount of our taxes, in the form of ex-emption."ŠH. L. Wayland, D.D., in the Independent. "The World's Fair and the Sabbath." WITH the foregoing for a subject, the Galveston (Texas) Daily News, of October 6, contains the following :Š If the World's Fair is to be closed on the Sabbath day, agreed upon by a majority of the Christian world, then it would seem fair and reasonable that it should be closed by law upon all the Sabbath days in the week. In fact, it would not be in line with the Constitution and spirit of our Government to grant to one community of religious belie f a de-mand that all others would not have an equal right to make. If the management of the World's Fair should agree to close the gates on Sunday they would doubtless be requested to close them on Sat-urday, the Sabbath of the Jews, of the Seventh-day Adventists, and of others. As we have some Mo-hammedans in this country, and will have a num-ber of Mohammedan visitors to the Fair, a like request would naturally come to close the gates on Friday; and likewise petitions from the Pharisees, the Theosophists, and probably others, until every day in the week might be consumed. So the ques-tion of closing or not closing for Sabbatic observ-ance, now being considered by the World's Fair management, broadly viewed, would seem to be not whether the great Exposition shall be opened to all who choose to attend it on Sunday, but whether there shall be any Fair at all. This state-ment may seem to be a trifle extravagant at the first reading, but when carefully examined in con-nection with the organic law of the country in which we live, and with plain rules of irresistible logic, it will appear much more reasonable. This is a country in which every citizen has, theoret-ically, at least, a right to select his own Sabbath, and to worship God by going to the Fair, if he wants to. The Fair should be opened for people who wish to attend it on Sunday. No free Amer-ican citizen should be forced to attend the Fair on Sunday, and no free American citizen should be prevented on that or any day from going if he wishes to. The gospel is an invitation to come, not an arbitrary force compelling us against our wishes and desires. And it should ever be kept before the people that Chris-tianity is never advanced by legal suasion or any other forceful methods. And since the World's Fair is gotten up by the State and for the State, and not by the Church, if any considerable number of our citizens wish to keep the Fair open and attend it on Sunday, it is not becoming in Chris-tians to resort to the law to oppose it. Nothing would degrade Christianity more in the eyes of the world than to admit, by the slightest action, that it is in any way dependent on the civil law for its advance- ment. So if those who believe in Sunday cannot persuade men to stay away from the Fair on that day, do not make a bur- lesque of Christianity by trying to compel them. I WOULD have you know, that the head of every man is Christ. 1 Cor. 11: 3. INI.,211.."L'IC1246T.A1E.Ł Rcliuloils Lithcrtu assoGtattoll xso  sicAc'r JUST,05 ?—0 'KEEP THG 'ATE. AND Vie. cnUNGh reReveitSEPARA1EA59 DEGLIMIRTION OF PRING1PLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as I Curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit. ting  to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according  to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our follow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: Ł 43 BOND Sr.,NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICR. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. A CORRESPONDENT from St. Paul, Minnesota, writes that a Mrs. Mary Spilker, living in that State, has been tried for "Sabbath breaking," and fined $32, 65. BISHOP TUTTLE, of the Episcopal High Church, St Louis, Missouri, in acknowledging the receipt of some copies of THE SENTINEL that had been sent him by a member of the Religious Liberty Asso-ciation, says he " quite agrees with the main dis-cussion of THE SENTINEL, and that Church and State should be entirely separated, and that the enforcing of morals as such, belongs to the former and with the homeŠnot with the latter." THE Herald, Orleans County, New York, makes a very apt comment on a plank in the platform of the New York State Prohibition Party :Š The Prohibition Party of the State of New York, in convention assembled, acknowledge allegiance to almighty God as Governor of the Nation.ŠPro-hibition Platform. "If God is Governor of the Nation, why is it that the prohibitionists are trying to elect one of their own stamp ? The prohibitionists, in the above plank, and in their acts, are trying to supersede God." OF the centenarian Sunday law of Pennsylvania, into which the " National Reformers " are now in-jecting the fervent blood of a renewed youth, Judge Paxson of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court says:Š A man may shave himself or have his servant or valet shave him on the Lord's day without a vio-lation of the act of 1794, but the keeping open of his place of business by a barber, and following his worldly employment of shaving his customers, is another matter. Upon this the Christian at Work gravely com-ments :Š This is called "fine hair splitting" in some quarters, but there is no hair cleavage about it. The law always discriminates between the public act and the private actŠbetween doing or having done something for one's self at one's own home, and keeping open a public place for doing the same acts for the public. It is related of the late Dr. Guthrie that his landlady once indignantly refused him hot water for shaving on Sunday, for she would countenance " no work o' the Lord's .day ", but she added that if he wanted hot water for a toddy he could have it. This was in Edin-burgh in the twenties. They and we do better nowŠfor if there is more Sunday shaving there is far less Sunday drinking. This incident of the shaving water and the toddy R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 