THE,' AMERICAN SENTINEL. 59 fessed was " the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth," and having the power in their hands, enforced their religion, even to the smallest minutia, upon the people. Now let it be remembered that the National Reform Association has set for its model the work of the Covenanters; that the leading Na-tional Reformers boast of their descent from the Covenanters; and that the liberty which was had under the "Covenant," is the liberty which they wish to establish in this country, and then decide whether such "liberty " is better than that which we now enjoy. That the National Reformers do expect to have a Protestant hierarchy, who shall rule with as much despotism as did the Covenanter clergy, or the priests of Rome, is evident from the following utterance of Rev. J. C. K one of the leading National Reformers :Š " If our nation will accept God as the source of all authority, Christ Jesus as the nation's king, and his law as of supreme authority over them, its creed is orthodox. The theo-logical questions referred to do not belong to the nation as a civil organism, nor to our movement, which is a civil and not an eccle-siastical one; the churches must settle these ques-tions among themselves and with each other, and at least we will not allow the civil Govern-ment to decide between them, and to ordain church doctrines, ordinances; and laws."ŠChristian Statesman, Feb. 21, 1884. " We will not allow," etc. P-othing shall be enacted which we ministers do not approve. This is the language of ecclesiastical despot-ism. Plenty more might be given to the same effect, but this is sufficient to show that National Reform success means not only a union of Church and State, but a union with the State subordinate to the Church, and bound to carry out the commands of the clergy. That means " liberty of conscience" Što those who are in the ascendencyŠbut galling oppression to all dissenters. We know of no higher ground upon which we could base a request to the people of this country to support the AMERICAN SENTINEL, than that it is firmly set for the defense of the people against such " liberty " as the National Re- form Association would give us. E. r. w. PROTESTANTS, generally, are too apt to sup-pose that there is something in their creed which protects them against those hurtful ex-travagancies which have been,. and, to a cer-tain extent, still are, practiced in the Catholic Church. Never was a greater mistake. There is but one protection against the tyranny of any class; and that is, to give that class very little power. Whatever the pretensions of any body of men may be, however smooth their language, And however plausible their .claims, they are sure to abuse power, if much of it is conferred on them. The entire history of the world affords no instance to the con-trary. In Catholic countries, France alone excepted, the clergy have more authority than in Protestant countries. Therefore, in Catho-lic countries, they do more harm than in Prot-estant countries, and their peculiar views are developed with greater freedom. The differ-ence depends, not on the nature of the creed,  but on the power of the class. This is very apparent in Scotland, where the clergy, being supreme, did, Protestants though they were, imitate the ascetic, the unsocial, and the cruel doctrines, which, in the Catholic Church, gave rise to convents, fastings, scourgings, and all the other appliances of an uncouth end un- Ł genial superstition.ŠBuckle. 0 0 Superficial Criticisms. A LETTER has been received from Ohio, crit-icising our positions taken in the SENTINEL. We do not give the name of the writer, be-cause we do not know that he has any standing among the National Reformers. But he speaks as the Reformers speak, and labors under the same difficulties of mental vision which afflict all, or nearly all, of that order, and therefore we will give him some attention. The reader will notice that we have already examined the same points as set forth by writers in the Statesman,and Nation. The writer is. astonished that we make a dis-tinction between morality and religion. We, in turn, are astonished that anybody can be found who denies or doubts that such a dis-tinction exists. The difficulty is to so sim-plify the subject as to bring it down to the comprehension of the average Reformer. But we will make another effort. Our critic acknowledges that moral laws, such as, Thou shalt not kill, or steal, existed before Christianity existed ; but he insists that they are a part of Christianity because a man cannot break these laWs and be a Chris-tian. NoW we know that Christianity enforces morality, but in its nature it is distinct from it. To prove his point he offers the follow-ing as an illustration :Š " A man commits a theft; we say that he has violated the law of the land which says, Thou shalt not steal. Did this country originate that law? No. But it is a part of the law of the country." Now there must always be some analogy, or likeness, between an illustration and the thing intended to be illustrated. But in this case there is none whatever; hence there is no illustration. Christianity is a religionŠneither more nor less. Our Government is not a re-ligion, or a religious system. There is a Chris-tian- religion, but there is not an American re-ligion, or a United States religion. No such religion was ever instituted. Again, Chris-tianity is a remedial system; its whole design toward man is to recover him from his fallen condition, for if man had not fallen Christian-ity would not have existed. But our Gov-ernment is not a remedial system, in any sense;  nor to any degree. It is a civil, legal system. It does not, it cannot take hold of man's moral nature; it cannot recover him from any fallen condition. Its object is solely to keep the peace; to restrain men from overt acts of aggression upon the rights of their fel-low-men. The very fact that this writer pre-sents Christianity and this Government as parallels or analogous systems, proves that he has not the remotest idea of correct distinc-tions in morals and religion. While we cannot draw a parallel between  Christianity and our Government, we can pre-sent an illustration in the action of our Govern-ment in case of transgression. A man has transgressedŠsinned against our Government. Every step in the trial, conviction, and par-don of the accused is a recognition of the claims and authority of the law. All is for, the enforcement of law. The verdict of the jury is, " Guilty." Guilty of what? Of violat-ing the law. The judge pronouneesŁsentence. For or upon what ? Violation of the law. And the governor issues a pardon. Pardon for what ? For violation of the law. But the law is no part of the verdict of the jury, the sen-tence of the judge, nor the pardon of the gov-ernor. Our critic asks, "How can the gospel enforce that which is no part of itself?" How could the President's proclamation of amnesty uphold and enforce the Constitution unless it was the Constitution, or the Consti-tution was a part of it? And how can peo-ple be convinced of the principles and relations of Government, if they have not the power to comprehend them ? Speaking of our poSitions, he says :Š " The conclusion must of necessity follow that you want none of the laws of Christian-ity put on a legal basis, and to be enforced by legal penalties." That is the conclusion, exactly. Anything beyond that culminates in the Inquisition. The Author of Christianity never commis-sioned any man nor any set of men to enforce the gospel by civil laws and civil penalties. To attempt to do so is to usurp authority, to pervert the gospel, and to commit an outrage on human rights. We repeat, that the high-est office given to the servants of Christ is that of ambassadors, to beseech men to be reconciled to God. 2 Cor. 5 : 20. We ask to see their commission to act as' judges and ex-ecutioners. We read: "Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord." And again: " Judge nothing before the time, until the Lord come, who both will bring to light the hidden things of darkness, and will make manifest the counsels of the heart." But these Reformers, following their prototypes of the Dark Ages, are not content to occupy the posi-tion assigned them by the Lord, but must needs usurp authority over the consciences of their fellow-men, and essay to compel men to obey the gospel under civil penalties. Was more ever done by the Inquisition than they aspire to do ? Our critic thinks himself wise, no doubt, in endeavoring to place us on the side of infi-dels and anarchists. Thus he says :Š "The cry of the Anarchists is, Kill the law. All the infidels of the land will help you to abolish the Sunday laws and put all the days of the week on the same legal basis. A large per cent. of the Mormons and Spiritualists will aid you to abolish the marriage laws, and let everyone be governed in this matter by his religion or inclination. All murderers and thieves will join your ranks to abolish the laws, Thou shalt not kill or steal." If anything were wanting to prove the blind-ness, or duplicity, or both, of these model Re- formers, such language as the above would fully answer the purpose. Not an expression, not a sentiment has ever appeared in the 