AMP,V,ICAN Vol,. 8, IVo. The heading chosen by the Mail as quoted above is not elegant, but it is ex-pressive. " Yawp," as a synonym for yelp," indicates a " boast," or a " cry of fear." Anonymous writers for news-papers usually combine both these ele-ments. They are likely to be braggart cowards, posing as brave reformers. We quote the above to show how reactionary and destructive are the false claims which the advocates of Sunday make in its be-half. Any man who quotes the fourth commandment as authority for Sunday or talks about " Nehemiah's Sunday law," poses under false colors. The friends of Sunday show either ignorance or wilful misrepresentation; with most of them, we think, it is ignorance. They have accepted traditional notions as bib-lical truths, and so continue to " wrest the Scriptures," and handle the word of God deceitfully. This is an affront to truth and ultimate suicide for the cause of Sunday.ŠSabbath Recorder. A Covert Threat. As the time approaches for the opening of the World's Fair those who have ad-vocated the enforced closing of the gates on Sunday with so much success, have be-gun to speak with still greater intensity than before, in the fear that, after all, their victory may be a barren one, and the Fair remain open seven days in the week, despite the congressional legislation which has been had. In the "Pearl of Days" column of the Mail and Express this is said :Š If the directors of the Chicago Exposition wish to make the Fair a success, the sooner this agita-tion ends the better for all concerned. We wish it distinctly understood, however, that the Union [American Sabbath Union] is watching every ad-verse movement on the part of those who would annul the Sunday closing condition enacted by the last Congress. The managers of this society pro-pose to resist such efforts by all lawful means. If it should be the case that by any secret evasions of law the gates should be opened, the American Sab-bath Union will, without doubt, be called upon to lead in a national protest, the moral effect of which must work serious disaster to the Exposition itself. We trust that there will be no occasion for this, for there has been no truer friend to the Columbian Exposition, from the beginning than this same so-ciety. This is a covert threat. It is as much as to say, " Open the gates on Sunday and the American Sabbath Union will see to it that the Fair is a failure." The eventual outcome of the matter is even yet, in doubt. Appeal to the courts may still give opportunity for the opening of the gates on the Sundays of the Fair while the question of the right of Congress to affix any such condition is under litiga-tion. It really makes no appreciable dif-ference now whether the Fair is open or closed on Sunday. The principle of the right of interference by the central Gov-ernment, in religious matters has been assumed and acted upon by Congress. The decree is now a precedent in legisla-tion which can never be blotted out. The actual obedience of the World's Fair to that is but a matter of comparatively small moment. Disobedience to the de-cree would not rehabilitate the Govern-ment. There is now positively no remedy. Liberty has been stabbed at the foot of her own statue, and whole oceans can not wash away the blood-guiltiness from those who have done the deed. It might be of interest that the Fair should remain open on Sundays as a matter of curiosity just to see what these threats of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union are worth, how many  would stay away, what measures they would take to injure the Fair, and how far they would succeed ; but the enforce-ment or non-enforcement of an individual circumstance is really of very little im-portance when the principle of civil justice and religious equality has been subverted, and the United States committed in fact to a course which can result in nothing but religious tyranny. W. H. M. ŁŁ Ł  A Lawyer Gives His Impressions of the Tennessee Adventists. [Mr James T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore Bar, who recently visited Paris, Tenn., for the purpose of defending the persecuted Adventists, was inter-viewed a few days since by a reporter of the Balti-more Sun, to whom he expressed himself as fol-lows:Š] THESE Seventh-day Adventists, by the way, are the most remarkable people I have ever encountered. . . . Their communion embraces about 35,000 mem-bers, and they have a fine college at Battle Creek, Mich., and another at Lincoln, Neb. They occupy a unique position in regard to Sunday work. Other Sabba-tarians, as the Hebrews, object to com-pulsory idleness on the first day of the week, as a requirement of civil law, be-cause of its inconvenience to them when coupled with their observance of Saturday under the rules of their religion. But the Seventh-day Adventist believes that the application of the fourth commandment to Sunday is antichristian, and that, to show even an external conformity to this practice, is more than an inconvenienceŠthat it is a sin, that it is the manifesta-tion of the " mark of the beast " in the forehead or the hand, which is mentioned in Revelation. Right or wrong, you can see that this belief makes the civil require-ment of Sunday idleness a peculiar hard-ship on these people. In fact, they do not believe in physical idleness at all, as the real purpose of the Sabbath. They say that the Deity's " rest," which is the only reason given why other than Hebrews should keep Saturday " holy," was not a physical rest, . . . that we are to "remember the Sabbath day" all the week, in order that we may not so physic-ally exhaust ourselves, that when it comes we shall be unable to give our best ener-gies of mind and body to keeping the day "holy," by the service of Deity and the doing of good works; and that to spend it in secular labor is no more a desecration of the holy day than it is to utilize it as a mere physical holiday for bodily relief and recuperation. All this strikes me as very logical, and you perceive that it completely destroys what is known as the " holiday theory " of our Sunday laws. Of course the idea of a compulsory holiday is preposterous enough in itself to be " laughed out of court" when it once gets to be fairly argued before the American people. Nev-ertheless, there are those, as Mr. Liede-waurr, in his work on " Limitations of the Police Power," observes, who would have us believe that the fourth command-ment itself was a purely secular regula-tion, based on the discovery by Moses of some mysterious connection between hu-man health and longevity on one side and idleness for one day in seven on the other. The Seventh-day Adventists, however, say, and say rightly, as I think, that the words "to keep it holy" plainly show that the Hebrew Sabbath was a religious insti-tution altogether, and if " kept at all, as such, it must not be kept as a day of  physical idleness, but rather as a day of earnest and zealous exertion, only of a different sort from that in which other days are spent. The Seventh-day Advent-ists also say, and say rightly, as I think, that our civil Sunday is, like Moses' Sab-bath, a religious institution altogether, and that it involves the union of Church and State, just as did the Hebrew day. To this instance of the union they are no more opposed in principle because of its oppressive operation upon them than they are to all other instances which do not di-rectly affect them at all, as State appro-priations to sectarian schools, etc. What makes them so wonderful to me is that theirs is the only religious organiz-ation I ever heard of which understands and consistently supports the idea of re-ligious equality, utterly irrespective of the effects of inequality on its own interests. They would have no Sunday law, but they refused a recent invitation from the Ten-nessee legislature to submit an amend-ment to the Sunday law of that State, ex-empting them from its operationŠsaying that to support the amendment was to admit the principle of such laws. They told Congress that if the World's Fair was to be opened at all on Sunday they de-manded that it be opened just as on other days, and that the matter had no interest for them, if the day was to be " recog-nized " by stopping the machinery, or in any other way whatever. All this seems to me so charmingly con-sistent and thorough that I can hardly admire it enough. These men have in fact given the lie to the wisdom of the ages, which has always assumed that tol-eration could only exist with indifference. In fact they have elevated toleration from the position of a mere passive virtue of self-restraint into the firm rank of active Christian qualities. With them it is the doctrine that no true religious life can co-exist without the absolute and total separ-ation of the Church from the State, and that not to strenuously advocate the root-ing out of all traces of a union between the two is to be false to the command "Render unto Caasar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's" Thus, when I was endeavoring to reach an agreed statement of facts in one of their recent cases for purposes of appeal they actually refused to permit an allusion to the fact that they were Seventh-day Adventists, saying they would accept no ruling based in anywise on the fact, even if it were relevant, because their only de-fense was of their rights as American citi-zens. I say that this attitude of mind in zealous religionists is altogether new to me, and it is as astonishing as it is new. Let me add that I heard but one testimony respecting the character of these men. Everyone agrees that the adoption of their creed has been followed uniformly by a distinct improvement in the manners and ways of the least educated and advanced among those who join them. One party volunteered the expression of his wish that everybody who owed him money would become a Seventh-day Adventist, " so he could collect his honest dues with out a suit." The cases against them for working on Sunday seem to be instigated by a few, no doubt perfectly sincere fanatics, who, by the way, object strongly to appearing as witnesses in court against them. I would like to add that presiding Judge Swig-gart was a model of judicial courtesy and 