76 VOL. 11, No. 10. which passes their conceptions can raise them from the depths of sinful depravity to a con-dition of holiness and perfection. And the Sabbath presents to them just that power which they seek. It points them to the Cre-ator, as the One who can make them new in Christ by the power of his word, just as he made all things by that word in the beginning. The whole power and influence of Sunday laws, however, is against the realization of this blessing. For they command the ob-servance of the first day of the week, which God neither blessed, nor rested upon, and tend to nullify and obliterate the observance of the seventh day. They tend directly to obliterate the conception of God as the Cre-ator and Redeemer, by exalting a day which does nothing to call the mind to the power of which creation and redemption are the mani-festations, and by striking against the ob-servance of the day divinely set apart and made the Sabbath for that very purpose. Such laws are therefore antichristian, and destructive of the highest interests and bless-ings of mankind. Ł Ł ZEAL WITHOUT KNOWLEDGE. THE following proclamation was issued by the Mayor of Bridgeton, N. J., to the people of that city, February 15:Š I, E. Milford Appelgate, Mayor of the City of Bridgeton, believing that every movement in this city tending to elevate the character of our citizens should receive the endorsement not only of the churches and Christian people, but the civic authority as well, and knowing full well, that "righteousness exalteth a nation ' and therefore a city, and that " sin is a dis-grace to any people," do hereby call upon the citizens of our city, as many as will, to observe Tuesday, Feb, 18, 1896, as a day of universal humiliation for sin and repentance toward God, and that united prayer be made throughout the entire city, that men and women that do wickedly shall turn in this time to God. I would also ask that between the hours of 2 and 3 P. at., the business men of our city close their doors and resort to a place of prayer and seek that a uni-versal revival shall visit our beloved city. E. MILFORD APPELOATE, Mayor. Dated Feb. 15, 1896. Certainly there can be no objection to a person's seeking the Lord for righteousness, and we do not question the motives of the Mayor of Bridgeton in issuing this proclama-tion. But good motives and zeal are often accompaniedŠin religions mattersŠwith little knowledge, for lack of which " the people perish." So it is in the case of this procla-mation. In the first place, Mr. Applegate had no more authority as the Mayor of Bridgeton to issue such a proclamation, than had any pri-vate citizen, for the simple reason that no such authority was delegated to him by his election to office. No authority to direct men in religious matters pertains to the office of mayor of a city, or to any civil office what-ever. Any assumption to the contrary tends.  directly toward a union of Church and State. In the second place, the authority to direct men in religious exercises, and the power to make their efforts successful in the way of seeking him, belongs to God alone. Any such proclamation, to be effective, must be based upon the word of the Lord; that word must be the arousing and convicting power which moves the people in every effective and genuine turning from sin to righteousness. But this proclamation is based simply upon the word of the mayor of the city. We do not say that it will accomplish no good; but it is certainly much better calculated to ac-complish harm than good, not only because such an assumption of authority by a civil magistrate tends toward a union of Church  and State, but also because it is in keeping with the marked tendency of the times to look to human authority and power for a moral reformation rather than to the authority and power of the Word, and to erect human standards of righteousness in the place of the divine. What is meant to be the practical effect of the " endorsement" of the " civic authority " is not quite clear; but such endorsement may naturally be supposed to carry with it the force of the civil arm. Otherwise it would be difficult to assign any meaning to it; and certainly it must logically tend in this direc-tion. And this also implies a union of Church and State. SUNDAY LAWS. [The Bible Echo, Melbourne, Australia.] ON account of the many prosecutions and imprisonments of conscientious observers of the Bible Sabbath in the United States of late, under the various Sunday laws existing there, the Christian Intelligencer urges that there should be an " immediate revision" of these laws, and " a clause added exempting from penalty all persons who observe the sev-enth day of the week as a day of rest and wor-ship." But no such general revision or addi-tion is likely to be made. More than this, if the laws were just, none such would need to be made. No one should be exempted from just laws. The fact that Sunday laws, when enforced, come in conflict with the conscien-tious convictions of God-fearing men, is suffi-cient proof of their character. Conscience and the fear of God lead men to keep the law of God, and laws which interfere with such men must themselves be opposed to the law of God. Ł -Ł HISTORY REPEATING ITSELF IN TENNESSEE. BEFORE another number of the AMERICAN SENTINEL goes to press, five Seventh-day Adventists of Lake County, Tenn., will have been called to answer before the District Court at Tiptonville for violating the statute-en-trenched " sabbath" of that State. It is not denied that these men are honest and conscientious. It is not asserted, except as a legal fiction, that they disturb anybody by their Sunday work. The " annoyance" and "disturbance" held to constitute the " nuisance" for which they are indicted, is confessedly only that mental unrest experi-enced by every bigoted mind in the presence of dissent from any cherished dogma of re-ligion. History is simply repeating itself in Ten-nessee. In some Roman Catholic countries Protestants are required to remove their hats before the " host,"Ša bit of consecrated " bread " supposed to have been changed into the body of the Lord. A refusal to do this is held to be a breach of the peace, because it tends to provoke such a breach. In Tennessee Seventh-day Adventists are required by "law" to show a difference they do not feel for a portion of time, namely, the first day of the week, held by the majority to represent the Lord's power, and a refusal to do this is held to be a nuisance, because of the mental an-noyance occasioned and because of the "perni-cious" example. Said Judge Hammond in one of these Ten-nessee Sunday cases:Š Sectarian. freedom of religious belief is guaranteed by the Constitution [of Tennessee], not in the sense argued here, that King, as a Seventh-day Adventist, or some other as a Jew, or yet another as a Seventh- day Baptist, might set at defiance the prejudice, if you please, of other sects having control of legisla-tion in the matter of Sunday observances, but only in the sense that he should not himself be disturbed in the practice of his creed. Again Judge Hammond says:Š The courts cannot change that which has been done, however done, by the civil law in favor of the Sunday observers. The religion of Jesus Christ is so inter-woven with the texture of our civilization and every one of its institutions, that it is impossible for any man or set of men to live among us and find exemp-tion from its influences and restraints. Sunday ob-servance is so essentially a part of that religion that it is impossible to rid our laws of it. Such reasoning reminds one strongly of the " justification " of intolerance in other ages and in other lands. The crucifixion of the Lord Jesus Christ was regarded by the judges of his day as civil necessity. "Jesus," says Prof. George D. Herron, in the Arena for March, " was brought to his death by those accounted the best and wisest of their day; by the religious teachers, and the prudent men of the State. While the Romans con-sented to his death, that they might be rid of an over-religious troubler and fanatic, the leading Jews demanded his crucifixion for blasphemy and treason. To the political and religious authorities his words had outraged, this death df shame seemed the fit ending of Jesus' life. They nervously thought them-selves well done with the man, with their in-terests conserved and saved." The persecution of the early Christians was "only enforcing the civil law.' The religion of paganism had become so woven into the text-ure of 'the then existing civilization that it was impossible for the Christians to live among the Romans and " find exemption from its in-fluences and restraints." In the emperor was merged the State. He alone represented the divinity of the Roman Empire. The Christians' refusal to recognize in him that divinity or to pay respect to it in any way, was held to be open disrespect to the State. The Christians' denial of the right of the empire to make or enforce any laws touch-ing religion or men's relationship to God, was counted as an undermining of the authority of government. As it was held that religion was essential to the very existence of the State, and that the State for its own sake, for its own self-preservation, must maintain proper re-spect for religion; when Christianity denied the right of the State to exercise any authority or jurisdiction whatever in religious things, it was held to be but a denial of the right of the empire to preserve itself. Except in cases of the open violence of the mob, all that was done in any instance by the Roman authorities was to enforce the "law." If the Christians had obeyed the " laws," they never would have been persecuted, But that was the very point at issue. It was not right to obey the "laws." The "laws" were wrong. To obey was to cease to be Chris-tians. To obey was to dishonor God and to deny Christ and consent that mankind should be deprived of the blessing of both civil and religious liberty, as well as to forfeit for them- selves eternal life. If religion be properly a matter of State, and rightfully a subject of legislation, then there never was any such thing as persecution of the Christians. And what is more, there never has been in all history any such thing as persecution on account of religion. If re-ligion be properly a subject of legislation and of law, then it is the right of the State to make any laws it may choose on the subject of religion; and it is its right to attach to these laws whatever penalty will most surely secure proper respect for the religion chosen. And if the legislation be right, if the law be 