AUGUST 9, 1894. C.A.N 253 temperance measure. It is no wonder that professed Protestants who still wear 'the badge of RomeŠthe Sunday-Sabbath Šshould " thank " Rome " heartily " for this decision; but no true Protestant will join in the thanksgiving. An Interesting Question. THERE. w  is in Potterville, Mich., an Ad-ventist who is a blacksmith. He was formerly a Methodist. He has not, since becoming an Adventist, done much work in his shop on Sunday, but works if he has anything urgent to do. His shop is one-fourth of a mile from the nearest meeting-house and several rods from any dwelling. He also muffles his anvil on Sunday so that no one can be disturbed by the noise. But recently the village coun-cil decided that he must stop Sunday work and he was so notified by the constable, while at work the following Sunday. The work went on, however. We have not yet learned the result, but this man certainly has in Michigan, not only a God-given, but a statutory right to work on Sunday. The statutes of that State pro-vide:Š SECTION 7. No person who conscientiously believes that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and actually refrains from secular business and labor on that day, shall be liable to the penalties provided in this chapter, for performing secular business or labor on the said first day of the week, provided he disturb no other person. In States where there is no clause ex-empting from the penalties of the Sunday law observers of the seventh day, the plea of the Sunday people is that "the law must be enforced." In such cases the law, or that portion of it rather, is most sacred; to disobey it is to become an enemy of Christian civilization and a traitor to his country. But, lo 1 when the law is the other way and does not serve their bigoted ends they are ready to override all law in the interests of the Sunday idol. This shows that not love for law, but love of power is their ruling passion. Church and State. The Law of the Sabbath Interpreted by Mortals. AT a National Reform convention held in 1873, the Rev. Jonathan Edwards, D.D., said : " We want State and religion and we are going to have it." And Prof. C. A. Blanchard in another convention said: " Congress must establish a standard of religion, or admit anything called reli-gion." And Rev. D. A. Gault, a district secretary of the association, said : " We propose to incorporate in our national Constitution the moral and religious com-mand `in it [the Sabbath] thou shalt do no work,' except works of necessity, and by external force of sheriffs we propose to arrest and punish all violators of this law." Here is a clear statement of their intentions. Let these ideas be put into concrete form as they desire, in the law of the land, and anathema would soon fol-low against all dissenters. They deny any desire for a union of Church and State, but deny as they may, the above is an ab-solute confession. But suppose the law of the Sabbath, the fourth commandment, should be incorpo-rated in the law of the land, what would be the _result ? It would then become civil law ; and civil law must be inter-preted by the courts, by Congress, by judges, and juries. This would be to pre- sume that the Creator could not give a law in an intelligent manner, and so must be left to the wisdom of man to decide its meaning. And then not to man in his individuality to recognize or refuse the claims of his Creator; but it would place courts and Congress above individual rights, above individual conscience, above God himself, for God has left these free to all men to exercise each for himself. It would take away the right of private judgment. It would destroy man's indi-viduality, his responsibility to his God. It would make the State supreme. It would destroy man's independence of char-acter, and make him a servile slave to a religio -political despotism. It would re-vive the terrors of the Inquisition.ŠH. F. Phelps, in Renville Star-Farmer, Minn. Ł4  Ł  Equal Rights. Do all men have equal rights ? if not, why not ? If the great and just Creator of men bestowed inalienable rights, then all men must be equal in this respect; for we read he is no respecter of persons. The right to worship God according to the dictates of one's own conscience, without let or hindrance, by any man or set of men, is an inalienable right of every person in all the world. We have often heard the boast in this land of this priv-ilege. This right is God-given, like the right to live. No man, or set of men, can deprive a person of this right. They may put shackles and hooks on him; they may ignore the principle and trample it under foot, yet the principle still exists; they may destroy the man, but the princi-ple is indestructible. These rights are part and parcel of man's very being, and are necessary in order to his development and accountability. The untrammeled exercise and use of these rights is also necessary to his safety and happiness. The great Creator has so ordered and ar-ranged things that when any one exercises his rights and pursues them in their proper channel, there is no clashing. The exercise of one man's rights does not necessarily interfere with any other man's. Every man may exercise all of his inalienable rights to the fullest extent without encroaching upon his neighbor. The exercise of any man's right to wor-ship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, or not to worship any god at all, should. not, can not, and does not interfere with any other man doing, or not doing, the same thing. The un-trammeled exercise of one man's rights does no more interfere with that of another than does the breathing of the free air by one man interfere with that of another. A man is born with the right to breathe, and there is air enough for all. If every person was left to the fullest legitimate exercise of his rights, then truly this would be in truth the " land of the free and home of the brave." It takes valor of a very high type to practically concede to every man all the rights that one claims for himself. Pure and unde-filed Christianity alone does this. When this Government was established, John Adams said " there was a great point gained in favor of the rights of mankind." From a Christian and consti-tutional standpoint, no man can be de-prived of the exercise of his indefeasible rights. And the fact that there are good citizens that are deprived of their inalien-able rights or the exercise of them rather, is because the principles of Christianity  and of the Constitution of the United States are disregarded. We make this query : Are there any persons in this country thus treated ? We have only to refer to the States of Maryland, Tennessee and Georgia. Do these persons have equal rights with the rest of the people ? They do constitutionally, but seem not to have judicially. To worship God as we please is an inborn right. These persons have been arrested, fined, imprisoned, and worked in the chain-gang for no other re,,son than because they have done that very thing, and which is perfectly harm-less and innocent in itself. Any low that would forbid the doing any innocent and harmless thing, certainly is based upon unsound principles. For the State or national Government to make it a misdemeanor to work on Sunday, cer-tainly gives one religious denomination the advantage over another. To debar a man from work or any other civil pursuit on Sunday or any other day of the,  week, by civil law, is assuming that he is not capable of self-government. If it is done for a moral reason, it implies that morals or religion can be propagated by civil law. The Sunday law idea annihilates individual rights of conscience; and when that is done all acceptable worship or serv-ice is destroyed. There is no way for civil government to settle the question, Which day is the Sab-bath? Congress, while discussing the bill to close the World's Fair on Sunday, said, the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, is the Sabbath of the fourth com-mandment. But the commandment sa3P the seventh day is the Sabbath. Congre: certainly read between the lines, and read into the commandment something that God never put there. The Constitution says Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. Most of the States have followed the ekample of the Federal Government in this regard. Congress shall set up, found, or ordain no religious establish-ment. Wherever any State, or Federal authority, has enacted laws favoring the idea that Sunday is the Sabbath day, and prohibiting all ordinary work on that day, there, to all intents and purposes, we have a law made respecting an establishment of religion, and prohibiting the free exer-cise of religion. We have a national con-fession of faith now in embryo. Congress has accepted the thesis that Sunday is the Sabbath, and defended it by argument, and established it by law. The dogma that Sunday is the Sabbath, is one of the articles of faith. Should a " Christian amendment" be passed by Congress, and ratified by the requisite number of States, then we would have another tenet of the national creed. The acknowledgment of God in the Constitution would not guarantee fidelity to the principles of the Declaration of Independence and to the Constitution as it reads. How can a man that loves his neighbor as himself, and worships God according to the dictates of his own conscience, favor the idea of prosecuting a brother, or a fellow-citizen, for doing the very same things ? The great Teacher said, "And as ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise." When any professed Christian gives his sanction and approval to the arrest and persecution of any man who conscientiously keeps the seventh day and works the other six days 