334 er jE AMn IR. /CAN SEN TIN of Congress he introduced an amendment to the Federal Constitution to establish.a system of free schools -in which should be taught the common branches and the `principles of the Christimi religion."' he amendment also provided that Congress should have- power to enforce that amendment- by appropriate legislation." 'The speaker said that right in the wake of this remarkable amendment that was proposed there .was formed what is known as the National Re-form Association, advocating the establishment of a common and uniform religion, to be woven into, and become, in fact, the substantial part of, the organic law. This was to be brought about by a convention of all the creeds in the nation, which the speaker characterized as a motley, loveable gathering of harmony let loose. "This, my countrymen," thundered Mr. Arm-strong, "is Protestant Romanism, and, if any-thing, it is more infamous than  Catholic Ro-manism. This is the same way that religious persecution wasplanted in the fourth century, and saddled on Europe for more than a thousand years. Right here to-day, under the shadow of the American flag, there' is an attempt to estab-lish a Protestant Rome. Think of it "And there are thousands of misguided cranks outside the National Reform Association who are supporting the movement." Here the speaker referred particularly to the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. He told of their late National Convention, how they got into a passion for passing resolutions, and among other absurd things passed a set of resolutions approving of the sentiments and course of the National Reform Association, and also a resolu-lution that the religion of Christ should be the fundamental element of our civil law, "Poor, misguided creatures," said he, "they_  are victims of misplaced zeal. With their reso-lutions they are worse than the curse they pre-tend to wage war against. Just one taste of a resolution, like the red flame in the cup, ..._ gives them a burning desire for more, and they seldom stop short of a regular debauch, that, if it don't destroy the soul, at least destroys common sense. They are a body who doubtless mean well, but are, like all other cranks, stirred and impelled by conviction instead of intelligence. My advice to them is to stop imbibing resolutions and go home. Let the affairs of State alone, at least, and, if they must do something, let them continue their warfare against King Alcohol." Jonathan Edwards he characterized as a re-7 ligious fanatic. Edwards said; and adhered to it, "We want a State religion and we are going, to have it." All these circumstancesithe speaker thought,. were like the realities stepping out of one of the mediaeval pictures, life size, into the present time. He thought, however, it would be some time yet before the changes threatened would come to pass: Altogether the lecture was a masterly arraign-ment of both Roman Romanism and ProteStant Romanism, and of all who are aiding and abetting the schemes of the National Reform Association: was convened within the precincts of the-exhibi-tion from September 24 to 28. Some may perhaps think it stran~e that the congress should have been organized with the sole object of showing the hygienic and social benefits of an -eminently religious institution. It will, perhaps, be asked whether the observance of the fourth commandment will have made great prog-ress when the world shall have been convinced that the weekly, rest-day has very material hygi-enic and social advantages. To this it is answered that we must make- a distinction between the physical and religious rest; and, although the religious observance is much to be preferred, the physical rest itself is an unmixed blessing. The objector may ask whether, if this distinc-tion be correct, the weekly rest, separated from its religious, which is its main, character, may still prove a beneficent institution; if it is not probable, rather, that this regular day of leisure, devoid of its religious associations, will become an occasion of dissipation and demoralization; if this is not indeed a fact of which every week gives us renewed demonstration. It must be confessed that these objectionS have much weight, and that, far from answering them, the congress has, on the contrary, confirmed them. I have before me the eleVen resolutions voted by the congress on this twofold question, "The weekly rest from a social and hygienic standpoint." In these eleven propositions, the argument drawn from the moral nature of man, from his morality, from his moral progress, occurs no less than seven times. Now what is this moral argument if it is not a religious argument? What is moral progress without religion, unless the members of the congress be advocates of a system of morals independent of religion, which we will not suppose? This sevenfold reiteration of the moral argument is an admission of the es-sentially religious character.of the institution. On this point an American delegate strikingly said in the congress: "The declaration that the civil institution of a rest-day is distinct from the religious institution, for myself as well as for others, is not true." The ecclesiastical aims of those who agitate this question manifested itself in several ways at the congress. The most striking instance, per-haps, was in the seven resolutions voted on the "weekly rest-day and the railroads." These reso-lutions urge the suppression of labor on the rail-roadsŠthe time being seven times specifiedŠon Sundays and holy days. Thus it is seen that the ultimate object is to secure the State enforcement not only of Sunday-keeping, but of church holy days as well. This brings usJar from the weekly rest on the hygienic basis. The question of Sunday laws was dealt with largely in the congress. As has been seen, the weekly rest is essentially a religious institution, and -its- hygienic and social benefits are insepara-ble from its religious character. Thus we would have civil laws enforcing religious observances, which would constitute an infringement of the sacred rights of conscience in a matter between each individual and his Creator. This objection was recognized by advocates of Sunday laws, and attempt was made to meet it by very feeble and illogical arguments. We were glad, however, to see in the congress a calm but firm protest against State intervention in the Sunday question. This intervention some,  said would constitute an immense injury. They did not want, even in order to secure What they  considered a great blessing, to surrender their Christian liberty into the hands of the State. Once started on this course, where would the State bring us? and how could it be stopped- if it went too far ? Much better, they said, to do the work ourselves, than to accept a disastrous inter- vention: ŠJ. in Present Truth, Lon- don, _England. "Rome and the Republic.", HON. WILLIAM J. ARMSTRONG, of Washing-ton, D. C., who last winter had the honor to be invited by all the leading members of Congress to deliver one of his lectures before that body, lectured recently in the First Methodist Episco-pal Church of this city, on "Rome and the Re-public." Mr. Armstrong prefaced his remarks by saying that it was not his purpose to assail the fol-lowers of the Roman Catholic faith. That would be shamefully un-American, and altogether too much like a revival of the middle ages. What he objected to, and would make the essence of his theme, was the attempt of the head of the Roman Catholic Church to inculcate the infallibility of the pope, and that all the temporal affars of man must subserve his religious belief. When the Catholic Church suffers its followers to wor-ship without restraint according to their own convictions, let there be no interference. But when the church attempts to teach that the pope is mightier than God, and would have this doc-trine made the prevailing element of all civil law, then it is time for a liberty-loving people to ob-ject. The Roman Church, said the speaker, has demanded for a thousand years, and does to-day, the subordination of citizenship to its temporal power. That church has always maintained that whatever is for man's best welfare should rule; religion is of greatest importance to him, therefore religion -should rule. In short, the church first, the citizen afterward. This has been the argument that has filled an ignorant, groping world with so much human suffering. After considering the papal theory and its consequences, Mr. Armstrong contrasted it with the American doctrine of total separation of Church and State. " Washington," remarked the speaker, "said the State should not legislate on matters concerning the conscience of man. Pope Leo XIII. says we should make all civil laws conformable to the church, and to regulate religious 'taught. Here we have 'the authority of Washington and the pope on a very important--question. It is needless to ask which Americans will accept. Against the interference of the church in all civil tiffairs,,the State, clothed in the white garment of religious freedom, has...set. its face for- ever and forever." . He argued that the government has no busi-ness to interfere with religion. It is only one step between a religious government and the re-ligious Inquisition. Mr. Armstrong then quoted the Catholic Re-view, and Cardinal Manning, to show that Rome is the sworn enemy of republican institutions. "But," he added, "the pope of Rome and the Catholic Church are not the-only dangerous'ene-mies of our government. "There sits in the Senate of this nation an old, straight4aced, narrow-minded, bigoted, theocratic - Puritan who represents one of the New England Ł States, but-in spirit represents the niedimval ages. He has no vices, but he is one of that kind who would burn a .soul to save. it. ' Al. a late, session_ NOTHING iS so galling to a people not broken, in from the birth, as a paternal, or, in Other words, a meddling government, a government which tells them what -to read, -and say, and eat, and drink, and wear. Our fathers could not bear it two hundred years:age; and we are not more patient than they.--.--Madaday. 