THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 27 " page of history where National religion proved itself the friend of genuine liberty. Our point is proved. Romanism is a polit-ical power, such as the Reformed Presbyte-rian Church will never be. It needs no special wisdom to foretell which will be the dominat-ing church , influence when this Government is turned into a religious government, and the most, popular form of so-called Christianity is placed " on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." Reader, American citizen, can you have confidence in the professions of the National Reformers, with such evidences of their duplic-ityŠof their willingness to "pander to Pop-ery " for the sake of planting in this land that form of Christianity with which Popery has so long Łused to enslave the masses of Europe? Yes, there is harmŠthere is danger ahead. If you do not wish a restoration of the Inqui-sition, a revival of the terrors of the Dark Ages, then turn " to flight the armies of the aliens " by preserving our liberties from the insidious attacks of the " advocates of Na- tional Christianity." J. H. W. The National Reform Idea of Toler- ance. IN several numbers of the SENTINEL refer-ence has been made to the speech made by Rev, Jonathan Edwards, D. D., in the New York National Reform Convention, but that speech is so fully representative of the prin- ciples of National Reform, that we feel justi- fied in giving it a more extended notice than we have yet done. 'There are two or three points in it which we wish here to notice. Said the Doctor:- - " We want State and religionŠand we are going to have it. It shall be that so far as the affairs of State require religion, it shall be re-vealed religion, the religion of Jesus Christ. The Christian oath and Christian morality shall have in this land 'an undeniable legal basis.' We use the word religion in its proper sense, as meaning a man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God." Here, then, is the National Reform definition of religion, officially declared. Religion is a man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God. And they are going to have in, this Nation "State and religion." That is to say, they are going to have "State and a man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God." In other words, they are going to have the State to associate itself with every man in his "personal relation of faith and obe- dience' to God;" and the State must see to it that every "man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God" shall be none other than the Christian relation of faith and obe-dience. For it is the State that rules; it is the State that bears the responsibility; it is the State's, and not the individual's, personal relation of faith and obedience to God that must take precedence. Therefore under their own definition, it is clear that the direct aim of National Reform is to have the State to interfere with, to regulate, and control every Ł man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God. And that is nothing else than a re- ligious despotism. Yet they. affect to deny that under such an order of things there would  be any oppression. But oppression is abso- lutely inseparable from the success of the scheme. For to deprive every man of his own choice and the exercise of his own personal relation of faith and obedience to God, is the National Reform idea;- but without coercion all men are not going to yield this right; while coercion in such a matter is only the cruelest oppression. Well indeed might Mr. Edwards-say, as he does:Š " We are warned that to engraft this doc-trine upon the Constitution will be found op-pressive; that it will infringe the rights of conscience; and we are told that there are atheists, deists, Jews, and Seventh-day Bap-tists, who would be sufferers under it." Whether he be atheist, deist, Jew, Seventh-day Baptist, or what not, every man who has a particle of respect for personal right, free- dom of thought, or liberty of conscience, must be a, sufferer under it. And we cannot avoid the impression, that when these men set forth such abominable doctrine, it must be that the loudest warning comes from their own hearts and consciences, unless, indeed, by the constant assertion of such outrageous principles, they have deadened their consciences. But what reply does Mr. Edward§ make to this warning ? This:Š "The parties whose conscience we are charged with troubling, taken altogether, are but few in number. This determines nothing as to who is right, but the fact remains, and is worthy of note, that taken altogether, they amount to but a small fraction of our citizen-ship. They are not even as many as those among us who do not speak the English lan-guage. And then, further, they are almost wholly of foreign importation, and that of comparatively recent date, so that they did not share in the first settlement of this coun try; they did not brave the hardships; they did not profess the principles which have made that first settlement memorable. . . . They breathed no protests; they suffered no martyr-dom." His reply to the "warning" is as atrocious as is the doctrine that gives rise to the warn-ing. He replies to an, objection by reassert-ing,the doctrine, and adding to it a deliberate insult. It might not be altogether impertinent to inquire, just here, To how great an extent did the Rev. Jonathan Edwards, D. Di, or any of the National Reformers, " share in the first settlement of this country"? Of the hard-ships that made that settlement memorable, how many did he brave? What kind of a martyrdom has he ever suffered? and how many times has he suffered it? If these are the things upon which alone rests the surety of the title to the honor and dignity of Amer- ican citizenship, what part was there'enacted by the National Reformers that in them should be lodged the sum total of all such honor and dignity, and that to such a sole and transcend-ent degree of merit that to them and them alone it should be granted to bestow the privi-leges and immunities of citizenship in this great nation? But Mr. Edwards continues his kind en-deavor to relieve the minds of the people of all fear that "to engraft this doctrine upon the Constitution will be found oppressive." And, after giving a clear definition of the  terms, atheist, deist, Jew, and Seventh-day Baptist, he says:Š " These all are, for the occasion, and so far as our Amendment is concerned, one class. They use the same arguments and the same tactics against us. They must be counted to-gether. . . . The first named is the leader in the discontent and in the outcry. . . . It is his class. Its labors are almost wholly in his interest; its success would be almost wholly his triumph. The rest are adjuncts to him in this contest. They must be named from him; they must be treated as, for this question, one party. Now look at itŠlook at the controversy. The question is not between opinions that differ, but opinions that are op-posite, that are contradictory, that mutually exclude each other. It is between Christianity and infidelity. It is between theism and atheism, between the acknowledgment of a God and the denial that there is any God." Notice: the question is "between the ac-knowledgment of a God, and the denial of any God." This in the face of his own state-ment just before, that "the deist admits God; " and "the Jew admits God, Providence, and Revelation;" and "the Seventh-day Baptists believe in God and Christianity." All this, and yet the contest is between the acknowl-edgment of a God, and the denial that there is any God; between theism and atheism; be-tween Christianity and infidelity! How does it happen then that a people who " believe in God and Christianity," must be classed with atheists and treated as atheists? Here is how: ACCIDENTAL ATHEISM. They " are conjoined with the other mem-bers of this class by the accident of differing with the mass of Christians upon the question of what precise day of the week shall be ob-served as holy." So then, bear in mind, fellow-citizens, that to "differ with the mass of Christians" is atheism. You may believe in God, and the Bible, and Christianity; you may pltactice in accordance with this belief ever so consist-ently; yet if you " differ with the mass of Christians " on a single point, you are an athe-ist; you may believe and practice all this, yet if you use a single argument against National Reform, the question instantly resolves itself into a contest between Christianity and infi-delityŠand you are the infidel; between the-ism and atheismŠand you are the atheist; be- tween the acknowledgment Of a God, and the denial that there is any GodŠand you are the one who denies that there is any God. If, they will do these things in a green tree, what will they not do in a dry? If this is the re-sult of a difference with this National Reform "mass of Christians" now while they are sim-ply grasping for power, what will the result be when once they shall have secured the power that they want? What right then shall the " atheist" have? Mr. Edwards tells us. Here are his words of comfort and assurance to those who fear oppression under the Na-tional Reform rule:Š "What are the rights of the atheist ? I would tolerate him as I would tolerate a poor lunatic. . . . So long as he does not rave, so long as he is not dangerous, I would toler-ate him." How blessedly tolerant a National Reform regime would be! If you differ with it on a single point, you shall be tolerated as is a 