THE SENTINEL. OF LIBERTY. 315 matter of Sunday laws is, why should one man or set of men be permitted to choose the day for another set of people to rest upon and demand, acquiescence, to the point of being jailed for non-compliance ? And why be so concerned about the saloon keepers' rest from his business when the druggist is compelled by the same law to be always ready to compound prescriptions, and the hotel cook and carriage driver to have platter and food prepared and harness and animal ready for duty? There is woful inconsistency in the measures for prop-agating religion by civil enactment. The truth of the matter is that a "zeal for God but not according to knowledge" is at the bottom of the Sunday laws. More anon. S. B. HORTON. New Orleans, La., May 16. Postal Frauds in Cuba. The country and more especially the administration has been startled rather rudely by the discovery of gigantic frauds in the Cuban postal service. A man named Neely, treasurer of the postal service for the island, is accused of embezzlement of the funds in his custody to a large amount, the shortage being variously estimated at from $30000 to $1oo,000. It is said that "if possible Neely will be sent to Cuba for trial, that a native jury may pass upon his case and administer punishment if his guilt be proved.. Neely' is under heavy bonds in New York, and Governor Roosevelt says Governor General Wood's request for his extradition will be granted. This matter is within Governor Roosevelt's discretion, in the absence of any formal arrangement for the return to Cuba of persons accused of crime." Havana dispatches state that the public is not ex-cited over the looting of the postal funds, but views the matter with ironical amusement. "The average Cu-ban," it is said, "expects, after his Spanish experience, ,that public officials will steal. He thinks it a good joke that Americans engaged in showing the Cubans how to govern should fall into Spanish practices." This cynical view of official morality is not shared by the national administration, remarks an administra-tion paper. "The looting of the Cuban postal funds is regarded as a. grave reflection upon American integ-rity, and an unendurable humiliation. The administra-tion is resolved to put an end to the scandal at once, to punish the offenders as severely as possible, and to convince the Cubans that when the United States promised them honest government it meant exactly what it said. "This' nation occupies a position of trust in Cuba that makes such offenses as that charged against Neely  even more outrageous than the plundering of our own treasury. The administration's determination to let no guilty man escape is fully approved by the country." If the Cubans are to be suitably impressed with the absolute honesty of the American government it will be necessary not only to punish Neely and his pals, but to establish such a censorship of the press as will effectually suppress a large share of the news from this country, especially during the coming political campaign. It is said that this city has a floating debt of $13,000,000 in excess of the legal limit, every cent of which represents fraudulent transactions, if not out and out stealing. Then there is the story of Captain Carter's operation at Savannah, besides divers other steals and jobs, some of these directly connected with the war for the deliverance of Cuba, all of which ought to be suppressed before a proper impression can be made upon the untutored Cuban mind. B. Turkish Diplomacy. The Turkish empire occupies a position altogether unique among the nations.. Nominally independent, it has existed ever since August II, 1840, only by the sufferance of "the Powers." Many times it has seemed that the Turk must speedily be driven from Europe and his territory divided between neighboring states, but as often some unforeseen circumstance has pre-vented this consummation. It is true that national existence for Turkey rests upon nothing more sub-stantial than the jealousy of other powers, but thus far this has sufficed to prevent the end which everybody recognizes as only a question of time. The present Sultan, Abdul Hamid II., has shown a skill in diplomacy second to no crowned head of Eu-rope. His history is thus briefly sketched by the "Chi-cago Tribune :" Abdul Hamid is a Turk and Mussulman of the old school. He is 58 years of age, and the innovations of modern civilization have left little impression upon him. He rules Turkey as his predecessors ruled it, and has only yielded grudgingly to the progress of the age. He became the ruler of the Ottoman Empire in August, 1876, at a moment when the Servian and Bul-garian provinces were in the revolt which immediately preceded the Turko-Russian war, and when the com-bined powers of Europe were exerting their utmost pressure to cornpel Turkey to adopt new policies. DANGER TO HIS EMPIRE. Upon his accession to the throne Abdul Hamid was confronted by the immediate danger of the disintegra-tion of his empire. At that time Turkey in Europe included Servia, Bulgaria, Roumania, Montenegro, 