;AMERICAN SENTINEL. 331 RUT Christianity has no concern with the outside, ex-cept as an indicator of the condition of affairs within. Whether the man does right or not is no matter from her standpoint, unless he does right from one single motive. This test is severe, but there is no other. It is made the more serious by the fact that one is often confused as to his own motives. But the analysis must be made at some tithe, according to the Master's very explicit an-nouncement. Let us, then, "Render unto Ceesar the things which are Caesar's," andŠthe rest we all know. 1. 1. 4,4 4 THE vote taken in Toronto, May 15, on the question of running street cars on Sunday, resulted in a victory for those demanding Sunday cars, by a small majority. Toronto can now no longer be spoken of as the model "Sabbath-keeping" city. It is doubtless a great disap-pointment to the defeated side not to be able longer to compel people to walk on Sunday who would prefer riding, but they can console themselves with the re-flection that they and all others are just as free to walk as they were before. 1. f 111--{ That West Point Chapel Again. IT appears that the Catholics are not, after all, to get their Government chapel at West Point. Attorney-General McKenna has delivered an opinion in the matter, denying the power of Secretary Alger to grant a lease of Government ground at West Point for a longer term than five years, and this limited concession will not an-swer the purpose which the Catholic authorities have in view. The facts which led up to the present situation are these: Secretary Lamont, during the administration of Mr. Cleveland, granted "Father" O'Keefe, the Catholic priest at West Point, the privilege of erecting a chapel on ground designated by the,  commandant, the license for which was to be revoked by the Secretary of War on sixty days' notice. Secretary Alger extended the time of notice to six months. "Father" O'Keefe then proposed that he would erect a stone chapel, costing $20,000, which, on completion, he would present to the United States on condition that it should be used in perpetuity for the celebration of Catholic religious services. The matter came before the Attorney-General, and in his decision he says:Š "This case came before me, and after carefully review_ ing all the statutes I decided that the Secretary of War had no color of law to accept a gift such as Father O'Keefe contemplated. I reviewed every statute covering any phase of the matter as to the Secretary's right to grant such a license as was given by both Secretaries Lamont and Alger. On these I decided that it would be impossi-ble to grant such a license without further legislation, and remitted the proposition to Congress. "There is one statute giving the Secretary of War the power to lease any Government property in his care, not in use, for a period of five years. I could not satisfy myself that the erection of a stone church of the cost and dimensions determined came within the provisions of the law. The fact that the United States reserved to itself the right to revoke the lease or license did not cover the ground, because the mere fact of the erection of such a building contemplated a perpetuity. Such an expense would not be incurred unless the parties tacitly under stood that the United States would refrain from exercis-ing its rights. "This would confront the Government with enduring a perpetuity not contemplated by law, or at some time or in some emergency exercising a right in a manner that might seem invidious. Therefore, because of the absence of sufficient statutes and also on the ground of good public policy, I decided that the Secretary had not power to grant the license sought by Father O'Keefe. My deci-sion is very full and covers all the points. Religious sen-timents did not enter into it." We must not omit to notice the fact that Attorney General McKenna is a Roman Catholic. It might be thought that he would have decided the matter in a dif-ferent way, but he says that "religious sentiments did not enter into it," and we are glad to give him the credit of acting in an unbiased, honorable manner. All honor to upright men, whether Roman Catholics or otherwise. The SENTINEL has nothing against Roman Catholics. It has nothing against men of any shade or unbelief. It opposes only what it believes to be evil principles. DR. ANDREW D. WHITE, ex-president of Cornell Univer-sity, has published a book on the "Warfare of Science with Theology." That such a warfare exists is undoubt-edly a fact; but it should be borne in mind that there is no necessary connection between theology and Chris-tianity. IN a Sunday-school quarterly of recent date Dr. Earl Barnes strikes at a popular religious fallacy by mention-ing that "many children have formed their ideas of Satan from the picture on the cans of deviled ham." This is unfortunate enough, certainly; but it might, have been still worse if their conceptions on this point had been de rived from some pictorial representations of an approved orthodox type. The only authority on the subject is Scripture, and that speaks of Satan as appearing in the form of "an angel of light." _2 Cor. 11:14. The people generally have been so fooled by what theology and tra-dition have taught them on this point, that they have been prepared to see the devil only in that which to most minds is shocking and repulsive, and not in that also which is beautiful, "respectable," and even "pious ;" and as a consequence they have been easily duped by the arch-deceiver. The devil knows enough not to appear with cloven hoofs, horns and tail when he wants to catch people whom anything outwardly repulsive would repel. 