150  THE .AMERICAN SENTINEL. years ; and no sectarian  instruction shall be allowed therein.ÑArt. X, Sec. 3. Each town and city shall he required to raise by tax annually for the support of common schools therein a sum not less, etc.ÑArt. X, Sec. 4. Pro-vision shall be made by law for the distribution of the income of the school fund among the several towns and cities of the State for the support of common schools therein, etc.ÑArt. X, Sec. 5. These provisions of the Constitution are cited together to show how completely this State as a civil Government, and all its civil institutions, are divorced from all possible connection or alliance with any and all religions, religious worship, relig-ious establishments or modes of worship, and with everything of a religious char-acter or appertaining to religion ; and to show how completely all are protected in their religion and rights of conscience, and that no one shall ever be taxed or compelled to support any religion or place of worship, or to attend upon the same; and more especially to show that our common schools, as one of the institutions of the State created by the Constitution, stand, in all these respects, like any other institution of the State, completely excluded from all possible connection or alliance with religion or religious worship, or with anything of a religious character, and guarded by the constitutional prohibition that " no sectarian instruction shall be allowed therein." They show also that the common schools are free to all alike, to all nationalities, to all sects of religion, to all ranks of society, and to all complexions. For these equal privileges and rights of instruction in* them, all are taxed equally and proportion-ately. The constitutional name, " com-mon schools," expresses their equality and universal patronage and support. Com-mon schools are not common as being low in character or grade, but common to all alike, to everybody and to all sects or denominations of religion, but without bringing religion into them. The com-mon schools, like all the other institutions of the State, are protected by the Consti-tution from all " control or interference with the rights of conscience," and from all preferences given by law to any relig-ious establishments or modes of worship. As the State can have nothing to do with religion except to protect every one in the enjoyment of his own, so the com-mon schools can have nothing to do with religion in any respect whatever, They are as completely secular as any of the other institutions of the State, in which all the people alike have equal rights and privileges. The people cannot be taxed for religion in schools more than anywhere else. Religious instruction in the com-mon schools is as clearly prohibited by these general clauses of the Constitution as religious instruction or worship in any other department of State supported by the revenues derived from taxation. The clause that "no sectarian instruction shall be allowed therein " Was inserted ex  industria to exclude everything pertain-ing to religion. They are called by those who wish to have not only religion, but their own religion taught therein, "godless schools." They are godless, and the edu-cational department of the Government is godless, in the same sense that the execu-tive, legislative, and administrative de-partments are godless. So long as our Constitution remains as it is, no one's religion can be taught in our common schools. . . . Let it once enter into our civil affairs, our Government would soon be destroyed. Let it once enter into our common schools, they would be de-stroyed. Those who made our Constitu-tion saw this, and used the most apt and comprehensive language in it to prevent such a catastrophe. ¥ ¥ No State Constitution ever existed that so completely excludes and precludes the possibility of religious strife in the civil affairs of the State, and yet so fully pro-tects all alike in the enjoyment of their own religion. All sects and denomina-tions may teach the people their own doc-trines in all proper places. Our Constitu-tion protects all and favors none. But they must keep out of the common schools and civil affairs. It requires but little argument to prove that, the Protestant version of the Bible, or any other version of the Bible, is the source of religious strife and opposition, and opposed to the religious belief of many of our people. It is a sectarian book. The Protestants were a very small sect in religion at one time, and they are a sect yet, to the great Catholic Church against whose usages they pro-tested, and so is their version of the Bible sectarian, as against the Catholic version of it. The common school is one of the most indispensable, useful, and valuable civil institutions this State has. It is demo-cratic, and free to all alike, in perfect equality, where all the children of our people stand on a common platform, and may enjoy the benefits of an equal and common education. An enemy to our common schools is an enemy to our State Government. It is the same hostility that would cause any religious denomination that had acquired the ascendancy over all others to remodel our Constitution, and change our Government and all of its institutions, so as to make them favorable only to itself, and exclude all others from their, benefits and protection. In such an event, religious and sectarian instruction will be given in all schools. Religion Heeds no support from the State. It is stronger and much purer without it. This case is important and timely. It brings before the courts a case of the plausible, insidious, and apparently inno-cent entrance of religion into our civil affairs, and of an assult upon the most valuable provisions of the Constitution. Those provisions shonld be pondered and¥  heeded by all of our people, of all nation-alities and of all denominations of re-ligion, who desire the perpetuity and value the blessings -of our free Govern-ment.  ¥ Wherever there there is a system of religious instruction endowed and patronized by law, with a preference given to it by the State over all other systems, and a preference given to its teachers over the teachers of all other forms of belief, there is a religious estab-lishment. ¥ The Only Alternative. THE Methodists, in conference here, passed. resolutions last Monday against the secularization of the common school edu-cation. " Purely secular education," say the res-olutions " is impossible in a land whose literature, history, and laws are the prod-uct of a Christian civilization," " Chris-tian citizens," they declare farther, " must deny the right of the State to assume to give -such an inadequate education." Yet the State can give no other than a purely secular-education. It has no right to give any other, for we have no State religion' to teach. Thd public schools must be wholly secular, or we must give them" up. That is the alternative, and Methodists, Baptists, Roman Catholics, and Episcopa-lians must look it squarely in the face. The schools must go, or they must remain secular, and become more so rather than less. If people's convictions lead them to re-quire that their children shall receive in the schools which they attend, religious ed-ucation along with the secular, they must send them to other-than the public schools. If they do not think that they can give their children sufficient religious instruc-tion at home and in the Sunday-schools of their churches to save them from spiritual peril, :they must keep them out of the free schools maintained by public taxation. They must send them to religious schools of their way of thinking, and support such schools themselves. In working for the introduction of re-ligion into the public schools the Method-ists are therefore, working for their de-struction. There can be no question about that. They speak of the Roman Catholics in their rosolutions as " enemies of the common schools ; " but they are precisely as much enemies of the schools themselves when they demand what cannot be granted without breaking up the whole system. The schools must be altogether secular or they will be torn to pieces. There is no other logical conclusion. As a mattor of fact, are the schools un-satisfactory to the public at large because they are necessarily purely secular?--They do not seem to 'be so. Everywhere they are crowded. The school accommodations in New York are insufficient to meet. the demand upon them, and this demand 