THE= _SENTINEL OF 473 acknowledges so directly its respOnsibilities to the rifle of heaven. Judged by governmental acts, nowhere does the deity so completely rule and control the des-tinies of men as in China. In the greatest, as in the smallest; affairs, heaven sways the conduct of the emperor and all his officials, and the people. When Ching Tang, founder of the Shang dynasty, B. C. 1766, and Wu Wang of the Chau, B. C. 1122, took up arms against the emperors, it was claimed that they had not fulfilled the decrees of heaven, and for that reason they had forfeited their right to the throne. I saw an altar in the Temple of Heaven, which was struck by lightning, burn up. The next day, by an imperial decree, punishment was awarded the guar-dians of this great edifice because of its destruction. I inquired of a learned Chinese how it was possible for any government to punish an official for the plain and direct act of nature, or of God, in which he had no concern whatever. I was told that heaven would not have destroyed the altar unless a sin had been committedŠthat some wrong had been done, and it had to be punished by the state. It was said that even if the guardians had done no wrong, their predecessors must have committed a crime, because the deity would not have destroyed the temple unless somebody had been guilty of wrong-doing. By the same line of reasoning the law of China reconciles with the idea of justice the punish-ment of the insane. It is freely admitted that an in-sane person does not know what he is doingŠthat no moral guilt attaches to his act. Nevertheless, when he murders his father, as sometimes happens, he is condemned to suffer the punishment of the Ling-Chir ; that is to say, he is, slowly and deliberately cut to pieces by severing one by one his members from his body. This severity is accounted for by the statement that the deity would not have made the man insane unless he, or some one connected with him, had committed a crime, and that crime must be punished. Among the rulers of the world the Pope alone ap-proaches the Emperor of China in the claim to be the vice-regent of Heaven. They alone interpret the de-crees of the deity. No senator of the United States, who ascribes everything that has been done in governmental affairs to the divine command, is more eloquent on that subject than the emperor in his official papers. His ascending the throne is de-scribed as his "receiving from heaven and revolving nature the government of the world." In the an-nouncement of his ascent to the dragon seat he pro-claims that his predecessor, "the dragon charioteer, became a guest on high." He speaks of the divine utensil devolving on his "contemptible person," and goes on to say that with veneration, "I receive charge of heaven's great concerns." He is the high priest, too, of his nation. 'flute miles south of the palace in the Chinese city, the Tien Tan, or altar of heaven, is situated. Here the emperor, accompanied by the princes of his family and his nobles, goes at the winter solstice. On this day the houses on the route are all closed up. The side streets are barred with matting, and the foreigners are re-quested not to go on the streets which the imperial cortege must traverse. If any one peeps he is shot by the guard. In a compound, surrounded by three miles of wall, amid dense groves of locust, pine and fir trees, there is a second wall which surrounds the sacred buildings. As in all temples in the East, there is a copse of enormous old cypress trees, and in the midst of them stands the great south altar. Williams says of it : "This most important of Chinese religious struc-tures is a beautiful triple circular terrace of white mar- Ł ble, whose base is 21o, middle stage 15o and top go feet in width, each terrace encompassed by a richly carved balustrade. A curious symbol of the number three and its multiples may be noticed in the measure-ments of this pile. The uppermost terrace, whose height above the ground is about i8 feet, is paved with marble slabs, forming nine concentric circlesŠthe in-ner of nine stones inclosing a central piece, and around this each receding layer consists of a successive multi-ple of nine until the square of nine (a favorite number of Chinese philosophy) is reached in the uttermost row. It is upon the single round stone in the center of the upper platform that the emperor kneels when worshiping heaven and his ancestors at the winter solstice." Nearby is the great furnace, nine feet high, faced with green porcelain, and ascended on three of its sides by porcelain staircases. In this receptacle is consumed at the yearly ceremony a burnt offering of a bullock entire and without blemish. Formerly the emperor went to the Temple of Heaven in a car drawn by an elephant. The elephant was still in Peking when I was there, but of later years the emperor is carried in a chair borne by sixteen men. He goes first to the Chai-Kung, or "palace of fasting," where he prepares himself by lonely meditation for his duty. His follow-ers likewise prepare themselves for the occasion by fasting, ablution and change of garments. In the Temple of Heaven there are no signs, plac-ards, images or memorials. With magnificent sim- plicity, imitating the ancient Jewish rites, as the repre-sentative and high-priest of one-fourth of the human family, the emperor worships the unknown god, Shangti. Who was Shangti? Here the layman had better pause. It is not his business to discuss theo-logical questions. The missionaries have worried for many years over this subject. If Shangti was a deity, then his worship bears no resemblance to idolatry, but the religious thinker generally asserts that he was not 