3g2 1I4V AMVIZICAN 8NTINVtd. teach, it was absolutely necessary for them to hold fast to (i. e., not formally repudi-ate) the doctrine of Christ, but in order, on the other hand, to be in a position to whitewash themselves and their illegal union with the temporal power, they were forced to resort to the most ingenious de-vices to hide the essence of that doctrine, and for this purpose deliberately shifted its center of gravity from the essence to the outward form and expression. And this was done by the hierarchy, i. e., one of the sources of that counterfeit faith which is preached by the Church. The source itself is the union of the hierarchy, under the name of Church, with that form of violence known as temporal power. And the reason why people are so eager to teach their faith to others is because the true faith would convict them of apos-tasy ; hence, they seek to set up a con-cocted creed of their own in its place, the sole advantage of which is that it acquits them of all crime. "Now true religion may be present any-where, everywhere; except, of course, where manifestly false religion holds sway over men; that is to say, when the faith which is allied with violenceŠthe State religion prevails. Thus all so-called schisms and heresies may be in possession of the true faith, whereas of a certainty it will not be discovered in the creed that is united with the temporal power. It may appear paradoxical, but it is none the less true that the appellations, " Ortho-dox," " Catholic," " Protestant " faith, as these words are used in every-day lan-guage, mean neither more nor less than religion allied with the temporal power, mean State creeds, and therefore false re-ligions. . . . "From the time of the Nicene Council, called together by the Emperor . . . being united with the temporal power, it [the self-styled church] began to act like that power, and it is a proven fact that every form of religion that ever allied it-self with the secular power ceased by that same act of alliance to be a religion, and became a fraud." Not a Christian Nation. IT would be difficult to use language in a looser way than by calling this " a .Christian Nation." In all the Nation there is not a single town, nor a village even, in which the people are all Chris-tians. A single family in which all are Christians is seldom found; and individ-ual Christians are not abundant. We do not say these things to find fault; we are simply stating the facts in the case, as every person knows who looks at things as they are. Let any person anywhere in .the land honestly ask himself the question, and honestly answer it, How many of my immediate neighbors and acquaintances actually show in the works of a godly life that they are real, consistent Christians ?  In the face of facts as they are, the answer only can be, Very few. How many are really separate from the world, and con-formed to the will of Christ ? Take even the churches themselves, and everybody knows, and the churches them-, selves confess, that many of their mem-bers will not bear the test of the precepts of Christ. Many of them love the opera or the circus more than they love the prayer-meetings; and the excursion more than the services of the church ; and the newspaper more than the sermon; and pleasure more than God; and the world more than Christ. Then, while it is thus with the Church, where is the sense of calling the Nation Christian ? and while the Church is nearly half full of world-Hugs, what is the use of talking about this being a Christian Nation ? The trouble is that they put upon the term " Christian " a construction so loose that there is scarcely any discernible distinc-tion between many of those who bear it and those who do not, and then spread the term over the whole mass, and thus they have a " Christian " Nation. But so long as the term " Christian" means what the word of God meansŠso long as it means strict conformity to the precepts of Christ Šjust so long it will be that this is not, and cannot be, a Christian Nation, except by each individual's becoming a Christian by an abiding, working faith in Christ. " Politics and Religion." WITH the foregoing phrase for a sub-ject, Col. Geo. W. Bain, a leading Pro-hibitionist and temperance worker, is credited with the following, in the Organ-izer, Indianapolis, Ind., of September 17 :Š I know there is a cry going up continually, "do not mix temperance with politics," and yet the very men who make this cry go to the polls and vote for politics soaked in beer and whisky. If a convention acknowledges "Almighty God as the source of all power in government," these men cry out " union of Church and State," yet the same men go to the polls and vote for union of State and saloon. Christian men have joined in this cry until a minister is compelled in many churches by the sentiment thus created to keep silence on all polit-ical questions. He may apply the test of religion to the merchant and banker, but not to the voter. If a member of his church gets drunk he must exhort him, and if necessary expel him; but if another member votes to make a whole community of his neighbors drunkards it is none -of the minister's business. He can tell his hearers to live right, but he must not tell them to vote right. He can tell them to pray for good government, but he must not tell them to vote for good government. So the pastor must hear some of his members pray "Thy .kingdom come," and see them vote it shall not come; pray "give us this day our daily bread," and vote bread out of the mouths of women and chil-dren ; pray " deliver us from evil," and vote for the greatest evil of earth; and yet the pastor must not mix religion and politics. The result is a Man can be one thing in social life, another thing in politics. What is a sin in a church conference, whether high or low license, is a source of revenue, and is. policy in politics. Mr. Bain seems to have the idea thor-oughly fixed in his mind that the minister  is the only one in the community that knows just how a man should vote. But as long as our Government holds to its principles of freedom the clergy will not be allowed to dictate how we shall cast our ballot. The Colonel seems to want to take the matter right into church, and have the minister tell his members just how they shall vote; and in case of a fail-ure to comply, "cast them out of the syn-agogue." If such a plan as that is to be followed, why have any voting at all? Why not just let the ministers manage things? Those of us who are Christians believe fully that " Almighty God is the source of all power in government." But has not that same Almighty power instructed us that certain things belong to Cesar, or the civil government ? And that he has ordained the powers that be ? When Paul wrote "the powers that be are ordained of God," the powers then in existence were purely civil powers; and instead of either the Church or the ministers dictating what the State should do, we often find the early disciples before the civil courts to answer for their faith, and severely dealt with many times because they refused to give up their belief in Christ. It would hardly be reasonable to suppose that God ordained powers to persecute his own Church. Yet we find that the civil power, which it is expressly stated was ordained of God, do-ing that very thing. Then the only thing to conclude is, that since man has rebelled against God's government, the next best thing to be done for him was to ordain that he should govern himself. But in this civil or human government he has never given man the power to rule in mat-ters of conscience toward the God of Heaven. And no matter how much we may desire to please God by introducing religion into politics, the result is only to develop a deeper rebellion against him; and hinder his work rather than advance it, by giving religious bigots an opportu-nity to wage the most cruel persecutions against those who desire to do God's will. And it is safe to venture the statement that if pastors attended more to the strict preaching of the word, and would not gloss things over to meet the approbation of those who only enter the Church for pop-ularity, or to advance their business, there would be fewer members in the Church to complain of for praying one thing and voting another. And if ministers looked more to the power of God for help in his work and sought the aid of the State, less, it would not be long till the Church would be an exceedingly unpleasant place for those, who are holding so many inconsis-tencies. But just as our churches are made schools of politics, the religion of the Lord Jesus Christ will be neglected. Let the Church attend strictly to the work of the gospel, and as the great lessons of morality, found only in Christ, are, woven into the minds and lives of men, politics 