358 AlVIERTCAN SENTINEL. enth-day observers are not persecuted when imprisoned for failure to observe Sunday, just as the persecutors of Baptists once declared that it was not persecution to imprison a Baptist for refusing to have his child sprinkled. 20. Sunday laws prohibit both work and recreation, thus compelling idleness which is productive of crime. 21. God commands cessationfrom work on the Sab-bath, but this command contemplates a "holy" use of a "holy" day, which can only be secured by making the man holyŠsomething which God can do, but which human law cannot accompligh. 22. Sunday laws are papal in principle in that they are a part of that policy which declares that the State should enforce conformity to church doctrines. 23. Baptists have always taught that Christianity was possessed of enough inherent power to stand without the support of human law; yea, even against it. 24. Agitation for Sunday legislation is increasing in the same proportion that the spiritual power of the church is decreasing,Ša parallel to the condition of the popular church in the days of Constantine. •IP Ł  CONCERNING the necessity of individualism as the basis of true reformatory work, Mr. Charles Booth, of London, who has made a special study of the so-cial and moral condition of the people in that city, testifies that " almost every social and economic ques-tion . . . derives its ultimate practical importance from a more widely spread and more human care for the indivi-dual," and that the hope of 4plifting the fallen lies not in State enterprise or Collectivism, but in "the reform of the individual by the individual." The Salvation army Decision. COMMANDER BOOTH TUCKER, of the Salvation Army, has been convicted in a New York City court of maintain-ing a public nuisance and of keeping a disorderly house. "The " disorderly house" in question is the Salvation Army headquarters in West Fourteenth St., New York -City; and the "nuisance" consists of the protracted evening meetings regularly conducted there in the pe--culiar manner with which the " Army " have made the public familiar. The "Commander" has issued a statement in which he denounces his conviction as being an invasion of liberty of conscience and an instance of flagrant perse-cution, without any warrant of law. That the prosecutors in this case were actuated to .some degree at least by malicious motives, seems evident from the nature of the charge which they have succeeded in substantiating in the lower court. The term " dis--orderly house" has acquired a definite meaning in the public mind which would be most untrue and slanderous as applied -to the meeting hall of the Salvation Army.  Doubtless there is less disorder, even in the strictest sense of the term, in a meeting like those complained of than characterizes the all-night revels which are frequently to be noted as a feature of life in "high society." THE N. Y. Christian Advocate, in making mention of the late report of the New York Sabbath Committee, says : "The efforts to maintain the civil Sunday cannot be understood apart from the labors of this committee. It is no exaggeration to state that whatever is preserved to us of order and Sabbath decorum in this city of New York is mainly due, under God, to the wisdom and energy of the New York Sabbath Committee." It would have been much to the point if the Advocate had pointed out what logical connection there can be be-tween God and a "Sabbath" committee, and the preser-vation of a "civil" Sunday. 1. 1- -4 A Religious Revolt in Canada. CLERICAL despotism, combined with certain liberaliz- ing influences which that despotism cannot shut out, is driving the people of Lower Canada into open religious re- volt. What the poor people of that district have to sub-mit to under the ecclesiastical regime which the Catholic Church has established, may be seen from the following quotation from the London (Ont.) Guardian:Š "It may hot be known that according to Quebec law tithes are levied and collected in the same manner as the municipal tax. It often happens that in a given district the bishop decides that a new parish ought to be formed and a church built. He selects the plans and decides what the cost shall be. A rate is then struck, and men have been forced to mortgage their farms in order to meet their payments. The only way to escape is to ab-jure the churchŠa course which to the devout Romanist is mortal sin. He exposes his family to the persecution of his former co-religionists, and, of course, is deprived of the means of grace." Such is the natural fruit of Rome's substitute for "the liberty wherewith Christ has made us free." Gal. 5:1. THE Catholic Sta,ndard'and Times, of May 15, makes mention of the recent rebellion of the Catholic members of the Ninth New York regiment against an order to at-tend religious service in Bloomingdale Reformed Church, New York City; in justification of which it says:Š We believe there is no rule of the service compelling Catholics to attend a form of service offensive to their feelings and "which, as individuals, they are prohibited by their own church under pain of sin from attending.." The Catholics were right in refusing to attend reli-gious service at the dictation of the Government; and they would be equally right in refusing to do a religious act at the dictation of the church. In each case the dic-tation is that of man, and therefore essentially the same in character. The Government has as good right to 