192 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. VOL. 6, No. 24. NEW YORK, JUNE 11, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE General Synod of the- Reformed Presbyterian Church, in session at Pitts-burg, has adopted by a vote of one hun-dred and twenty to sixteen, the Pittsburg memorial characterizing the action of the seven young ministers in voting at an election as a "heinous sin and scandal." Ł   THE Standard Oil Company has decided to discontinue pumping on the Ohio fields on Sundays. The reason for this action does not seem to be known by the public; it may be to limit production, and again it may be to reduce Sunday work out of respect for the day; the former, however, seems the more probable as the Standard Oil Company has never figured promi-nently as a corporation governed by great moral ideas. WE print on another page of this paper " A Catechism on Religious Liberty," which contains much food for reflection. As no answers are given to the questions, each reader can answer them for himself. The. writer, Mr. Frank W. Howe, 76 Fuller Street, Ann Arbor, Michigan, in-vites correspondence upon any or all of the questions. in the catechism. In writ-ing to him about specific questions the numbers should be given. ON another page we print a letter from a lawyer in Alabama, giving, without comment, the facts relative to a case wherein the defendant was adjudged guilty of a violation of the Sunday law of that State. The Alabama statute pro-vides that Any person who . . . engages in shooting, hunt-ing, gaming, card-playing, or racing on that day [Sunday], . . . must, for the first offense, be fined not less than ten nor more than twenty dol-lars, and, for any subsequent offense, must be fined not Iess than twenty nor more than one hundred dollars, and may also be imprisoned in the county jail, or sentenced to hard labor for the county, for not more than three months. The fine imposed therefore in this case was the minimum, which shows that the Court did not regard the offense as a grave one. It is evident that in this as in almost every such case, a bad law was used as a means of venting petty spite, of getting even on some neighborhood quar-rel, or of, gratifying religious bigotry and intolerance. Alabama would do well either to employ a Saint Patrick to expel all the snakes from the State or else repeal her 8Unclay. law. The latter would be  the easier and decidedly the better plan. Even if the last snake were dead, bigotry would still live, itnd warmed by Sunday and other religious laWs, it is sure to de-velop a venom more deadly than any ever stored in the fangs of a Southern moc-casin. RECENT advices from London state that the Czar, in responding to a personal ap-peal made by au exalted personage on behalf of the Jews in Russia, said he was determined to continuo his measures of Jewish repression with a view to a solo= Lion of the Jewish question. The Jews themselves, the Czar said, had forced this policy. There had never been'a Nihilist plot hatched in which they were not con-cerned, and they actively engaged in prop-agating subversive movements. Ł 4- REV. DR. HICKMAN, of Reading, Penn-sylvania, is reported to have said in a late Sunday-law meeting:Š Ł The Sunday paper is the most prominent paper. I take a Philadelphia daily paper, but not the Sun-day edition. If you want a paper that is worth anything you must take a paper that publishes a Sunday edition. We would kindly call the attention of the Mail and Express, of this city, to this opinion, and also volunteer the informa-tion that in our opinion this is just as true of New York papers as it is of Philadel-phia papers. Ł 4- Ł ON the afternoon of May 31, the Metro-politan Museum of Art, in this city, was open to the general public for the first time on Sunday. Over ten thousand peo-ple availed themselves of the privilege thus afforded, a large majority of whom had evidently never visited the Museum before. Nearly all the visitors belonged to the better class of working people, people of a good degree of intelligence but of little leisure, and they seemed to be happy in their new enjoyment. " It was," says the Sun, " a good-natured crowd, as became the occasion. It trod on its own toes with impunity and laughed. It talked freely and confidingly with itself, and told of its personal enjoyments and troubles." Everything passed off very pleasantly, and the press of the city was nearly unanimous in declaring Sunday opening of the Museum a grand success. Ł-Ł-Ł  IN a recent Sunday-law meeting in Reading, Pennsylvania, the Sunday paper came in for the usual amount of denunci-ation. The meeting was held in the First Reformed Church. The discussion was Opened by Rev. Dr. Orrick, who argued that the less men observe Sunday as a holy day the more they became parts of great machines put into operation by big corporations, and if they did not move with the rest of the machinery they would be crushed. A young man, a member of his class, said he wanted to keep his store closed on Sunday, but certain customers  said that they were in the habit of meet-i ng there on Sunday, getting their cigars there, and talking over matters, and if he lid n't open on Sunday they would patron-ize somebody- else. " He didn't keep open on Sunday,'-' said the speaker, "but for-tunately he had a good trade during the week." What the young man would have done the next Sunday had his trade during the week been poor we are not informed : we are, however, left to suppose that it would have materially altered the case; hence the urging of -the demand for en-forced Sunday closing that this man and others similarly situated may not be sub-jected to temptation. IT is wonderful how the Sunday-law ad-vocates cling to the delusion,Šthat is, if they are deluded,Šthat they are doing a great favor to the helpless workingman, in keeping inviolate his day of rest, as if he would be simply a slave without their humane intervention. But the true status of the workingmen, who have reduced striking to a system, is portrayed in the following declaration regarding the Sun-day opening of the Metropolitan Museum in this city It is further urged against this petition and in behalf of the working classes that the Sunday opening will tend to make Sunday another day of labor. To this the New York workingman replies that he is prepared to prevent any such intrusion on his rights. As he is now able to determine the number of hours he shall labor a day, so can he also determine the number of days he shall labor in the week. And the simple truth of the matter is, the plea of the workingman's need is only a cat's-paw to get what they want them-selves. Has not the Catholic Review aptly said, They are hypocrites in their pretense of consulting the workingmen's comfort and pleasure, for were not Christianity an element in the problem the poor workingman might work half the night and live on grass for all they cared ? When their scheme is fully exposed, and the workingmen's declarations will soon do that, they will drop their mask and say boldly that it is a religious Sunday-Sabbath they want and are determined to have. The National Reformers read, " Whoso-ever believeth not shall be damned;" and being satisfied in their own minds that true belief means their theology only, they are not willing to wait for the pun-ishment to begin in God's time, but would enjoy taking the executing of it into their own hands now. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of. American Institutions the preservation of the i United States Constitution as it s, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. is will ever be uncompromisingly 'opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. 70  fdrcg single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Aeliresin{ eMt4iej.   AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. 