176 AMERICAN SENTINEL4,7  NEW YORK, MARCH 15, 1500. WE are informed that the National Reformeri at Washington have in hand five amendments to the Con-etitution which, they are ready to push upon the attention of Con-gress; and some of their measures have been already introduced. This is not the time for the friends of lib-erty to go to sleep. FOR over half a century this na-tion has been saying to all the great powers of Europe, "Hands off this hemisphere; no planting of off-shoots of European monarchies in this quarter of the globe;" and not one of Europe's crowned heads has dared to disregard it. And yet some "eminent statesmen" in this coun-try have just discovered that the United States is a "world power;" and that because it vanquished the decrepit kingdom of Spain! See p. 163. Some people have strange con-ceptions of national greatness. dx "WE 'print on another page an ap-peal made by Mr. L. J. Caldwell, of Colorado, against a decision of the county superintendent of schools of Arapahoe County, Col., which de-prived Mr. Caldwell of the privilege of taking an examination for a teacher's Certificate without violat-ing his conscience, the examination having been held on the seventh day of the week, which he observes as the Sabbath. As the constitutional law of the' State plainly specifies that no privileges offered to any class of its citizens shall be denied to any by law on account of differ-, ences in, religious belief, and as Mr. Caldwell has been denied the privi-lege of qualifying for a public in-structor by a decision which oper-ated against him solely through his  religious belief, it seems clear that the county superintendent's decision in the case is unconstitutional. The State Board of Education, however, haVe refused to sustain Mr. Cald-well's appeal; and the latter says that he does not intend to carry the matter further on his own behalf. cbt WE are informed that Messrs. R. S. Owen and Josiah Nash, of Amory, Miss., the former a Seventh-day Adventist elder, are threatened with the penalties of the Sunday law of that State. Mr. Nash, at the last report, had been arrested, and-Elder Owen had been notified to appear be-fore the circuit court. These men are not put under arrest because they have been molesting their neighbors or interfering with any person's rights; for no one brings such a charge against them. But they have been doing violence to the reli-gious sentiment of the majority where they live, by refusing to honor Sunday as the Christian Sabbath. Even this might not have brought the law upon them; but they have brought in a rival religion, which exalts the seventh day of the week in place of the first; and so the reli-gious majority have seized upon the favorite weapon against suchŠthe Sunday lawŠand intend to put them down. It is not these men, but their religion, which they are trying to arrest. IN South Carolina the man who works on Sunday is liable only to a fine of one dollar; while in Georgia the man who does the same thing is liable to a $1,000 fine and one year in the chain gang. How much bet-ter Georgia must be than South Carolina in the matter of Sunday observance! What a contrast the one State must present with the other in this respect! Does it? Is Sunday kept any better in Georgia than in South Carolina? If not, as we think many Southern readers of this journal know, then what virtue is there in human laws to promote Sabbath observance? Fr is almost universally conceded that the old "Blue Laws," in which class the Sunday laws are placed, have been outgrown; they are not supported in this day by the' senti-ment of the people. This should be a plain sign that the time has come to remove such laws from the stat-ute books. But instead of this, the effort is generally made to enforce them as if they were the outgrowth of modern necessities and sentiment. Why not sever these dead branches from the tree of progress instead of trying to nourish them again into life? - The-tree cannot be benefited, but only injured, by such endeavors. utt BOTH sides in the South African war appear to be confident that God is in their favor, and will bring themŁ to the end of the conflict victorious. The British leaders point to their present success-  as God's answer to the prayers of the nation in the darker days preceding, and Presi-dent Kruger on the other hand ex-horts the Boers to fight on and God will surely deliver them; but his "faith" has not prevented him from making overtures to Great Britain for peace. Meanwhile occasion is furnished for the scoffer to repeat the old saying attributed to Napo-leon that "God favors the heavy battalions," which has apparently been justified by the outcome of most wars. But. the purposes of God do not depend for accomplish-ment upon the work of armed hosts. They are being wrought out in other ways than by battle, and by other agencies than' soldiers and cannon. President Kruger and his pious fol-lowers are doomed to disappoint-ment. THE pessimist, say's the Union Sig-nal, is "the man who professes to believe that evil sits enthroned in the human heart and in the world," and such a person "is, to say the least, a very superficial thinker and observ-er." We wonder if the author of this statement has ever observed and thought about this declaration of Scripture: "The heart is. deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked " ? or others which' speak of the devil as the "prince of this world"? Not to have observed these plain texts is superficial observing; and not to believe them shows both super-ficial observing and thinking. 