SEPTEMBER 13, 1894. SION1TINIWILA. 287 Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment, The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] Modern Religious Persecution. A STRANGE story of religious persecu-tion comes from Tennessee. Were not the alleged facts as stated apparently well authenticated, the occurrence would seem well-nigh incredible. . . . That any State in the American Union should in-flict penalties for the exercise of inoffens-ive religious belief is inconsistent with its part in the lofty life and light which should be the portion of a free, self-governing people. It is to be hoped that the publicity of this event will lead to a revulsion against the injustice of laws which make such persecution possible, and Ł that legal reforms will be instituted that will ultimately prevent the perpetration of such outrages under the guise of the law. No mediiuval religious(?) relics are now needed.ŠThe Progress, Minneapolis, Minn, Incensed the Catholics. WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.ŠSome days ago dispatches from Mexico announced that Rev. H. R. Moseley, a Baptist minister, had been imprisoned at Santillo as the result of publishing a pamphlet entitled, " Three Centuries of Romanism in Mex-ico." As the Mexicans, who profess any faith, are generally Catholics, this publi-cation caused a great excitement in the country, and it is probable the reverend missionary was arrested by the authorities to preserve him from harm quite as much as to punish him. At any rate they made no objections when United States Consul Ł Donnelly requested his release, and the Consul-General notified the State Depart-ment by telegraph that he had escorted the minister safely across the borders.ŠSan Francisco Examiner, Aug. 22. Not a Desecration of Sunday. The Populist leaders arrested at Indian-apolis for holding a political meeting last Sunday were released yesterday, as the prosecution could not make out a case of Sunday violation against them. In all probability that was a false pretense, and the real motive of the arrest was to em-barrass them in their missionary work. There is nothing which would aid it more effectively. They know that, and court martyrdom. And in that they do not differ from the loaders of any other party, past or present, which thinks its mission is to change the world in a day, and by methods reserved for it alone. If it was not false pretense it was plain stupidity, such as has been exemplified in this neigh-borhood in a similar way lately. But everything is grist that comes to the Populist mill, and they will profit by their sufferings, real or alleged. Give them a free field and they will wear themselves out with their own vehemence. Make martyrs of them and they will thrive.ŠPittsburg Times, Aug. 14, 1894. A Nun's Liberty. BUFFALO, N. Y., August 24.ŠSister Mary Benedict left the Convent of the Good Shepherd to-day for the first time in six years. The Mother Superior of the order brought her into the superior court upon a writ of 'habeas corpus, made on the affi-davit of Mrs. Louise Huppchen, who alleges that her daughter, who is known as Sister Mary Benedict, is restrained there against her will. The girl entered the order in 1888. It is one of the close con-vents of the Roman Catholic Church, and the immates are not permitted to see their relatives or to have any communication with the outside world. Sister Mary showed no desire in court to-day to rejoin her parents. No testi-mony was taken, as the nuns were not represented by counsel, and the case was put over until September 4. In the mean-time the girl will remain in the convent. The application for her release is made on the ground that her parents are poor and very old and are entitled to the assistance of their child and the comfort of her soci-ety. It is charged that the nuns have exercised a moral restraint over her by representing to her that she will be for-ever damned if she violates the vows taken when she entered the society,ŠCincinnati Enquirer, Aug. 25. A Rare Relic. An original link and fac-simile of the chain which bound St. Peter were recently placed in their final depository in St Mary's Cathedral, Burlington, Vt., in the presence of a distinguished congregation. Many archbishops and bishops were present in the sanctuary, and in the body of the church were seated a score or so of men prominent in national affairs, many of whom were non-Catholic. In the morning Archbishop Corrigan officiated at Pontifical Mass.ŠCatholic Times, Aug. 25. They Want Sunday Laws. An open meeting of the National Bar-bers' Association was held last night at 49 West Diamond Street, Allegheny. There was a small attendance, but those who came were as earnestly exhorted to join the union as if their number had been larger. It was explained that this winter the bosses will try to have the Sunday law repealed, so far as the barbers are affected. The workmen want to fight this move and hope to be able to defeat it.ŠPittsburg Times, Aug. 15, 1894. Pope and the Republic. PARIS, Aug. 23.ŠThe pope has written a letter to M. Turquet, formerly Under Secretary of State, confirming papal ad-hesion to the French republic.ŠSan Francisco Examiner. The New York Herald's correspondent in Leon, Nicaragua, sends word that the clergy there proclaimed from the pulpit the excommunication of the editor of the liberal newspaper, " 1893," and forbade Catholics to read it. Several priests have been arrested in consequence, and will be expelled from the country. Great excite-ment prevails.ŠCatholic Times, Aug. 25. Dennis Ryan, the papist postmaster at Footville, Wis., who refused to let copies of Mr. Linton's speech be circulated to those to whom they were addressed at that place, has signified his intention of sticking to the position taken by him no matter who gives orders to the contrary. Denver American, Aug. 25. IT costs five dollars to cross the streets of Montreal when a Roman Catholic pro-cession claims the right of way. In the same city a Protestant procession is an impossibility. This rather suggests a doubt regarding the claim that Quebec is the home of toleration,--Toronto Mail, Aug. 27. A World-wide Principle. ident, reads as follows :Š Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-tives of the United States of America in Congress as-sembled, That the Commissioners of the District of Columbia are hereby authorized and instructed, on the petition of the president and directors of Gonzaga College, the owners of all the property fronting on that part or portion of an alley twenty and seventeen one-hundredths feet wide, and running east and west through square six hundred and twenty-two, for a distance of five hundred and sixty and seventy-five one-hundredths feet, beginning at and running west from west line of North Capitol street about equi-distant between I and K streets northwest and extend-ing to the west boundary line of the property of the said president and directors of Gonzaga College in said square to declare said part or portion of said alley to be closed, and the title therein is hereby declared to be vested in the president and directors of Gonzaga College. Approved, June 19, 1894. The land thus donated to a Roman Cath-olic institution is said to be valued at $27, 500. Other Catholic institutions in Washington received appropriations in various sums:Š For the Washington Hospital for Foundlings, for final aid toward maintenance, six thousand dollars. For the Church Orphanage Association of St. John's Parish, maintenance, one thousand eight hundred dollars. For the German Orphan Asylum, maintenance, one thousand eight hundred dollars. For the National Association for the Relief of Desti-tute Colored Women and Children, maintenance, in-cluding its care of colored foundlings, nine thousand nine hundred dollars. For St. Anne's Infant Asylum, maintenance, five thousand four hundred dollars. For St. Joseph's Asylum, maintenance, one thousand eight hundred dollars. For the Association for Works of Mercy, mainte-nance, one thousand eight hundred dollars. For House of Good Shepherd, maintenance, two thousand seven hundred dollars. For the Industrial Home School, maintenance, nine thousand nine hundred dollars. For St. Rose's Industrial School, maintenance, four thousand five hundred dollars. A Government institution, "the Board of Children's Guardians," got only $17,-000, instead of $50,750, as proposed by the committee. The SENTINEL has protested, and will Continue to protest, against all such dona-tions, whether of land or of money, and whether made by the Government of the United States or by the Governor of Mashonaland; for if the principle is worth anything it is just as good in the wilds of Africa, as on the plains of our own fair West or in the alleys of our Capital City. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, A SIXTEEN-PAGE Weekly Religious Journal. Doctrinal, Practical, Earnest, Protestant, Scriptural, Christian. This really two dollar paper will be furnished at the following PRICES OF SUBSCRIPTION: Single Copy, One Year, Post-paid, Ł - - $1.50 Single Copy, Six Months, Post-paid, In Clubs of Ten or More to One Address, Post-paid, - 1.25 To Foreign Countries in Postal Union, Post-paid, - ($2) 8s. Address, Signs of the Times, 12TH AND CASTRO STREETS, OAKLAND, CAL., U. S. A.  SNAP A CLIP on your papers and get a handsome bound volume. Trial dozen, 75 cents. Agents wanted. Price-list Free. H. H. BALLARD, 193, Pittsfield, Mass. ONE of the acts passed by Congress at its recent session and signed by the Pres- 