AMERICAN SENTINEL. 83 The very acme ,of worldliness is represented in politi-cal organizations and methods. The ballot is an instrument of worldly power. The agent of evil makes use of it as gladly and as freely as does anyone. Not so of the instruments of righteousness, Šthe weapons which are not carnal. In the very nature of things, therefore, there can be no such thing as Christian politics. "Christian politics"Šthat which we see developing in this country by that nameŠis politics in its worst and most dangerous form. Ł 4 4 THE Supreme Court of Kansas has legally recognized and sustained the Catholic doctrine of purgatory. A will by which money was left for the purpose of paying for masses for the dead was contested. The will was sustained. There can be no fair objec-tion to this in itself. For surely people have the right to do with their own money any harmless thing that they may choose. And if money was willed to pay some one for whistling a certain number of times over the grave of the one making the will, the will should be sustained. So with money willed to pay for saying masses. One is as harmless as the other. But the court did not stop here. Indeed it did not begin here. It began with the Catholic doctrine of pur-gatory, as quoted from a Catholic book of doctrine and from the Catholic Bible. And it sustained the will first of all because of the "wholesomeness" of this doctrine: and secondly because the Bill of Rights and the Constitution of Kansas "interferes with no mere religious practices except such as tend to subvert the foundation of public morals and order." Ł How courts do love to wander off into the realms of religion, and then sustain their action in so doing by quoting the clauses of the Bill of Rights and the Consti- tution which forbid their doing so ! A. T. J. Proof That This Is a Christian Nation. "IT is sometimes flippantly asserted that 'This is not a Christian nation;' you have no right to a Christian Sabbath protected by law, for the Constitution of the United States prohibits the establishment of religion." Thus begins an argument to prove that this is a Christian nation, which appears in Vol. 5, No.1 of "Sunday Reform Leaflets," issued by the Sunday League of America, with headquarters at Columbus, Ohio. The assumption that this is a Christian nation is the basis for many appeals for legislation, state and national, to enforce the observance of Sunday. There are many facts which bear upon this question, and they are not so far beneath the surface of things that they cannot be readily pointed out for considera-tion. Let us examine a few of them for the evidence which they furnish upon this point. Is this a Christian nation because the people spend  some hundreds of millions of dollars every year for whis-key and similar liquors, and about,  five millions to carry the gospel to the heathen? Are we a Christian nation because we prefer to give ten times as much for tobacco to smoke and chew as we are willing to give for foreign missions? Is this a Christian nation because it maintains a great and growing navy for the purpose of inflicting death and destruction upon its enemies? Is this a Christianination because it always demands satisfaction for anyireal:or fancied insult to its dignity? Is this a Christian nation because it shuts up the transgressor in prison, instead of forgiving him the of-fense? Are we a Christian nation because we are ruthlessly exterminating the beautiful birdsŠtaking from them the life the Creator gave themŠin order that our ladies may have feather-trimmed bonnets to wear to church? Are we a Christian nation because our church-going people are split up:into a hundred irreconcilable divisions and sects? Are we a Christian nation because nine-tenths of the people are twice as eagerly engaged in the pursuit of money and pleasurelas in the:pursuit of piety? Which one of these perfectly evident facts demon-strates that we are a Christian nation? Or do they' all unite to prove the point? Will the Sunday :League of AmericaŠor anyone for that matterŠplease inform us how this is. Ł 4A The Individual vs. the Masses. MR. BROWN.ŠGood morning, neighbor Smith ; what's this you are working on? WhaPare you trying to do by heaping up this mountain of brick? MR. SMITH.ŠWhy, friend Brown, I'm going to have a very fine building; one of the finest that was ever made, when it's finished. Mr. Brown.ŠY-e-s; but it don't look like much of Łanything now; I should say it was in pretty bad shape for a building. Mr. Smith.ŠOh, yes, it does look so just now; but it's going to look a great deal better pretty soon. Mr. Brown.ŠBut you're not doing any brick laying, my friend; you're having the brick just dumped down onto the top of the mass in heaps. Mr. Smith.ŠOh, I'm not paying any attention to the individual brick; that method is out of date. The indi-vidual is nothing; it's the mass that counts. Mr. Brown.ŠU-u-m,. I see. Well, I don't think your building will be a success. Mr. Smith.ŠYou're a pessimist, Brown; I've no pa-tience with a person who still clings to that old doctrine of individualism. Come around two or three weeks later, and you'll see that I know what I am doing. Good morning. Mr. Brown.ŠGood morning. MORAL.ŠThe best government, like the best building, 