17FIE SENTINEL. 103 Colonel Richardson, the defendant's coun-,el, and" drew from the witness the an-.swers as given :Š Col. R.Š Did you see the defendant, Mr. King, working on Sunday ? .Mr. Cole.Š Y es, sir ; I saw him plowing in his -field on Sunday, the twenty-third day of June last. Col R.Š Did it disturb you in any way ? Mr. Cole.ŠYes, sir, of course it did; it was very annoying to my feelings. Col. R.Š On what grounds ? Mr. ColaŠ On the ground that it was a violation ,of laws both sacred and civil. Col. R.ŠThen it was an excitement of your re-ligious feelings, and repulsive to your views of 'Christianity?'  Mr. Cole.ŠYes, sir. Col. R.ŠHow long have you known Mr. King ? Mr Cole.ŠFor about twenty or twenty-five years. Col. R.Š What was the general character of the defendant as a peaceable, quiet, law-abiding citizen, -.up to the, tune- of this indictment ? -- Mr. Cole.  It was good. Col. R.ŠIs ho a pious, Christian gentleman ? To this question the prosecuting attor-ney, J, R. Bond, objected, and his objec-tion was sustained by Judge Swiggart, on -the ground that it was irrelevant. Where-upon Colonel Richardson made the follow-ing plea :Š Your Honor, I think it is relevant, and I submit .to your Honor that I propose to prove that he is a member of a church which holds that Saturday, the 4seventh day, is the Sabbath, and that he observes it. I think I have a right to do this for two purposes: first, I think I have a right to do it to show that he did not intentionally violate-the law ; second, I think I have a right to do it to show the intent and pur-Tog() for which he did it, as a matter of mitigation. If this action can be sustained at all, and if this jury -can find any verdict at all, it is within the discretion and power, of the jury to impose any fine above 00 that they may see proper. And I think that as a matter of mitigation I have a right to show to the jury that this man belongs to a church that pro-fesses certain tenets of religious faith,Š amongst Which is that: the seventh day is the Sabbath ; and .that he obserVed that day as the Sabbath. I think I have a right to prove this,Šnot, I grant you, as a defense to the action, or as a decision of it, but in mitigation of any fine. The Court. ŠI do not think his religious belief or :religious connection with any cinirch or sect has anything to do with this lawsuit, and sustain all ob-jections tending to prove anything of that sort. Col. R.Š And- your Honor deehries to-allow me Ito prove it; even as a 'matter of mitigation? The Court.-Yes, sir. Col. R. (to the witness).Š Are you prejudiced against the defendant because of his religious views ? Mr. Cole.Š I can say this, that I do not favor his weligious views. Here the Court objected to any further questions on this point from the defense. Further examination drew from this witness and the one which followed, the fact that the witnesses and certain others had bound themselves by a written pledge ,or agreement to prosecute. every violation .of the Sunday law. The defendant offered to prove that others who made no preten-sions to observe any other day than Sun-day cut wheat with a self-binder, rafted logs, and did other work on. Sunday; and that no attempt had been made to pros-ecute them; but the Court would not allow him to do so. The cross-examination showed that the third witness, Alexander Wright, was :going down to his field to examine his Crops the, first time he saw Mr. King at work; and on another occasion he and the fourth witness, William Oaks, were on their way to another part of the neighbor- hood after a cow. The fifth witness was looking up harvest-hands when he saw the defendant at work on Sunday. The defendant also offered to prove that he had been tried before a Justice of the Peace, and fined for the identical work which was made the principal offense in the indictment, viz.: plowing corn on Sun-day, the twenty-third day of June last, and that he had paid his fine and the costs; and introduced for the purpose the Justice be-fore whom he was tried; but the Court would not permit him to prove these facts. The speech of the prosecuting attorney was a tirade against the religious sect of which the defendant was a member, and a reflection upon northern men, although Mr. King is not a northern man, all of which was well calculated to arouse the prejudices of the jury. It was so saturated with blackguardism that it cannot be re-peated. The main effort of the speaker was to confound the defendant and those of his religious faith with the Mormons, and he even charged them with offering human sacrifices. I will give a few ex-tracts from the speech, which are very much modified; for no respectable pen could write the words as , spoken, and no respectable ear would want to hear them. There were a lot of fellows in the olden timeŠsome Adventists, or Seventh-day Advents, or Mor-mons, or Mayflower fellows, I do not care which you call themŠthat believed in human sacrifices, carrying them to the altar and burning them up as an incense. Suppose they should come from the same section of that country, Colonel Richardson would say, " You have no right to interfere with the rights of conscience of this people; and you can't interfere with them, because the Bill of Rights says that every man in this country has a right to wor-ship God according to the dictates of his conscience. " Burn children, practice polygamy, and everything else of that sort! No, sir; away with all such fool-ishness, and everything of that sort! I do not care anything about the Adventists, or Mormons, whether they are right or not. But when they come here they must walk up to the rack and eat the same fodder that our folks eat. Not satisfied with wor-shiping God! Oh no; but with your shorthand re-porters, your Mormons, and your Adventists, you want to corrupt not only the whole morals of the country, but you want to control the courts of the country. I wish to God we had more Methodist Churches, and more Baptist Churches, and more PresbyterianChurches, and more EpiscopalChurches, and more Catholic Churches, until every man was brought under the benign influences of these churches; but, in the name of God, I do not want any of these Advent Churches, or Mormon Churches. Guiteau, when he had a revelation from God (and I expect he had a Seventh-day Adventist lawyer to defend him), took a pistol and shot down the ruler of this Nation, and they hung him ; and that is what they ought to do with all these fellows. I have no:  respect for men like that. These fellows never heard from God, and I think they never will. They are not satisfied with working on Sunday and practicing polygamy themselves, they come down here and want to save us, and have us practice polygamy. The obscene and filthy utterances of the attorney, which we have not quoted, evoked considerable merriment among the visitors in the court-room, the jury, and especially among the leading witnesses for the pros-ecution, who were devout church mem-bers. The jury was only out about half an hour, when they returned a verdict of guilty, and assessed the fine at $75. The counsel for the defendant took exception to the charge given to the jury, and moved  a new trial. In refusing to grant a new trial, the Judge said :Š The law is clear. I charged it properly. The fine is a reasonable one, and one well warranted, The laws are made to be obeyed; and Mr. King and all other men should and must obey them, or leave the country. I make these remarks that they may know that I intend to have the laws strictly en-forced in the future. Mr. King and his brethren have a right to keep another day if they choose, but as Christian men it is their duty to obey the laws of the State, and they must do it. An appeal was taken to the Supreme Court of the State, and will probably be heard at the April term. The results of this case prove more clearly than ever the danger of removing a single provision that our fathers wisely put in the Constitution to protect the rights of conscience, and to secure to all perfect religious liberty. And it is not enough to have these safeguards in the Constitution; The statute-books must also be kept clear of laws touching matters that are purely religious. The Bill of Rights of Tennessee is clear and strong as to the rights of con-science; but the statutes are enforced re-gardless of the Bill of Rights In matters of so much importance we cannot trust to the good will and indulgence of our fellow-citizens. The rights of every citizen in matters of conscience should be recognized fully and distinctly in all constitutions and statute-books, both State and national. Nor can any creed or sect be safe when it is otherwise. No matter how numerous or well protected they may be at the pres-ent time, let the precedent once be estab-lished of coercing the conscience under the sanction and protection of law, and none can tell what the end will be. In the case above referred to, the witnesses testified that their moral and religious senses and their sense of propriety were shocked. Another citizen of Tennessee, in talking with the writer, said that it would shock his moral sense, and sense of propriety, more to see persons led down into the water and immersed than to see a man quietly plowing in his field on Sunday. Who can say, if the laws would permit it, that there would not be men whose re-ligious senses would be shocked by immer-sion, by communion in both kinds, or by the opposite of these, till their pent-up re-ligious enthusiasm would seek vent in prosecutions and persecutions. The only tenable ground for a remedy against the evils of religious legislation is to keep the State and the Church forever separate. DAN. T. JONES. THE act of those riotous women at Lathrop, Missouri, the Union Signal ap-proves as " a temperance crusade with practical features and speedy results." We do not believe in intemperance nor in rioting. Riotous " temperance " is intem-perance none the less dangerous than sa-loon intemperance. These women ought to have been 'more both 'womanly and more temperate. They should not have allowed their zeal to get the better of their judgment. 