"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT:Ł FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD." Vol. 10. No. 34. NEW YORK, AUGUST 29, 1895. Price, 3 cents. ROME AND THE BIBLE. IT is a boast of the Roman Catholic Church that ," Rome never---changes;"   and yet few people realize how true it is that the Roman Catholic Church of to-day is the same in spirit, in purpose, and in policy as was the Roman Catholic Church in the sixteenth century. September 5, 1893, Mgr. r- Satolli, speaking for the pope of Rome, bid the people of the United States to " go forward, in one hand bearing the book of Christian truth Šthe BibleŠand in the oth- er, the Constitution of the United States." But let no one be deceived by this ap-parent change of front by the papacy. Rome's attitude toward the Bible is just what it has always been, namely, one of hostility to the Word of God uninterpreted by "the church." Prior to the Reformation, the Bible was an unknown book, so far as the common people were concerned; but few even of the priests had ever seen the Book, and fewer still had ever read the sacred Volume. Luther never saw a Bible until he was twenty years of age; and until that time imagined that " those fragments of the gos-pels and epistles that the church had selected to be read to the people during public worship every Sunday throughout the year," com-posed the whole Word of God.' It may be said that this was the fault of the times and not of the church ; that all books were rare and ex-pensive. But that Rome could have given the Scrip-tures to the people in the  living languages of Europe, is proved by the fact that the Reformers did it in a sin-gle generation, in the face of the most bitter opposition by the papal church. The fault was not with the times but with an apostate church, which not only kept the Word of God locked in dead languages, but forbade the reading of it under heavy penal- ties. Our illustration shows with what trep-idation the people read the Scriptures in those days. It was against the law to read the Bible, and they watched as they read, as a house-breaker watches lest detection overtake him; and startled at the slightest noise, even as the hunted deer starts at the snapping of a twig or the rustle of a fallen leaf. But the Reformation un-sealed the precious Volume. " Tyndall and Luther," says Dr. Wylie, " the one from his retreat at Vildorfe in the Low Countries, and the other from amid the deep shades of the Thuringian forest, sent forth the Bible to the nations in the vernacular tongues of England and Germany." The thirst thus awakened for the Scriptures, Rome did not think it wise to openly oppose. Civil penalties could no longer be invoked to pun-ish those who read the Word of God. But papal policy was equal to the emergency. The Council of Trent en-acted ten rules regarding the reading of prohibited books; and in the fourth rule the council prohibits anyone from reading the Bible without a license from his bishop or inquisitorŠthat license to be founded upon the certificate from his confessor, that he " is in no danger of receiv-ing injury from so doing." The council further said: "If anyone shall dare to keep in his possession that book [the Bible], without such a license, he shall not receive absolution until he has given it up to his ordinary." I Such was the attitude of Rome toward the Bible at the era of the Reformation, and Reading the Forbidden Book. " History of the Reformation," by D'Aubignd, chap. 2, book 2, par. 4. It was against the law to read the Bible, and they watched, as they read, as the house-breaker watches lest detection overtake him; and startled-  at the slightest noise, even as the hunted deer starts at the snapping of a twig or the rustle of a fallen leaf. 1  Concil. Trid. de Libris Prohibitis, p. 231 of Leipsic ed. quoted by Wylie, in ' Ł The Papacy," book 2, chap. 2, 