6 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 20. The civil Governor was an executive offi-cer. The two were not united. In the Script-ures they aro kept separate. But in the days of Constantine the two began to be united; the bishop of Rome was made a civil magistrate. And his power as a magistrate was increased because he was the bishop of the church. Soon he laid aside his commission as an ambassador of reconciliation, and history attests that he did not bear the sword in vain! And when the sword of power was united with the office of a Christian bishop, then began the " dark ages " of the church. Thenceforth the church, pre-sided over by bishops holding the sword of civil power, became a harlot " drunken with the blood of the saints." Look to all history and see the effect of unit-ing the civil and Christian elements in Govern-ments. Look at Rome; look at Constantinople, now the Greek Church; look at Spain, at Aus-tria, at Mexico, at South America, where the civil authority is subordinated to or amalga-mated with the ecclesiastical. England stands highest in the list of "Established Churches," but behold the traffic in sacred, orders; the " livings " possessed by profligate clergymen, sold to men in no manner qualified to fill the office. Such abuses could not exist were not the nation made a professedly " Christian na-tion " by uniting religion with the secular lower. And, to come nearer to our homes, yes, to our very homes, look at Utah I This foul blot in our favored nation shows what is possi-ble, and nearly what .has always been actual, when the civil power is subordinated to' the ecclesiastical; when the faith and practice of the church is enforced by civil authority. For the sake of our national honor; for the sake of religion; for the sake of the liberty of conscience which we have hitherto enjoyed un-der our Constitution; for the sake of the purity of the churches, we hope and pray that our Government will not be turned into a religious machine to turn out machine-made Christians ! We hope that the Christian religion will never be placed on a " legal basis' in the Constitution of the United States. And we hope the Amer-ican people will be warned, and resolve to frus-trate the purpose of those religious zealots who demand that "Congress shall establish a standard of religion." And we promise to do our utmost to sound the alarmŠto Warn the people of the danger which is coming to our homes. If "pure religion and undefiled " could be advanced by civil legislation; if men could be made Chris-tians by vote, we would gladly join the "Relig-ious Amendthent Party;" but when the oppo-site is certain to be the effect of such action, we cannot refrain from raising our voices in -an earnest protest against the union of the churches with the civil power. J. H. W. IF the struggle be between Christianity and infidelity, we take the side of Christianity. If between a Christian and an infidel, we stop and inquire into the cause. If the Christian is en-deavoring to deprive the infidel of his rights, we will ignore his profession and defend the infidel. True Christianity robs no one of his rights, but its followers do to others as they would that others should do to them. w, Macaulay on Gladstone. " The State in its relations with the Church. By W. E. Gladstone, Esq., Student of Christ Church, and M. P. for Newark. 8vo. Second Edition. London, 1839." SUCH is the title of a work which Macaulay reviewed in the year of its issue. The matter of the book and the review is now nearly half a century old, but in one sense it will never grow old. The reviewer certainly shows him-self master of the situation, and we take great pleasure in giving some extracts from his argu-ment. If the reader will drop the name, "Mr. Gladstone," and read "Religious Amendment Party" in its place, it Łwill read just as well, and be timely in its application. We hope to give more from this essay in the future:Š " When we pass from individuals to systems, we by no means find that the aptitude of Gov-ernments for propagating religious truth is pro-portioned to their aptitude for secular functions. Without being blind admirers either of the French or of the American institutions, we think it clear that the persons and property of citizens are better protected in France and in New England than in almost any society that now exists, or that has ever existed; very much better, certainly, than in the Roman empire under the orthodox rule of Constantine and Theodosius. But neither the Government of France, nor that of New England, is so organ-ized as to be fit for the propagation of theolog-ical doctrines. Nor do we think it improbable that the most serious religious errors might prevail in a State which, considered merely with reference to temporal objects, might ap-proach far nearer than any that has ever been known, to the idea of what a State should he. "But we shall leave this abstract question, and look at the world as we find it. Does, then, the way in which Governments generally obtain their power make it at all probable that they will be more favorable to orthodoxy than to heterodoxy ? A nation of barbarians pours down on a rich and unwarlike empire, enslaves the people, portions out the land, and blends the institutions which it finds in the cities with those which it has brought from the woods. A handful of daring adventurers from a civilized nation wander to some savage country, and re-duce the aboriginal race to bondage. A suc-cessful general turns his arms against the State which he serves. A society, made brutal by oppression, rises madly on its masters, sweeps away all old laws and usages, and, when its first paroxysm of rage is over, sinks down pas-sively under any form of polity which may spring out of the chaos. A chief of a party, as at Florence, becomes imperceptibly a sovereign, and the founder of a dynasty. A captain of mercenaries, as at Milan, seizes on a city, and by the sword makes himself its ruler. An elective Senate, as at Venice, usurps permanent and hereditary power. It is in events such as these that Governments have generally orig-inated; and we can see nothing in such events to warrant us in believing that the Governments thus called into existence will be peculiarly well fitted to distinguish between religious truth and heresy. " When, again, we look at the constitutions of Governments which have become settled, we find no great security for the orthodoxy of  rulers. One magistrate holds power because his name was drawn out of a purse; another, because his father held it before him. There are representative systems of all sorts, large constituent bodies, small constituent bodies, universal suffrage, high pecuniary qualifications. We see that, for the temporal ends of govern-ment, some of these constitutions are very skill-fully constructed, and that the very worst of them is preferable to anarchy. We see some sort of connection between the very worst of them and the temporal well-being of society. But it passes our understanding to comprehend what connection any one of them has with the-ological truth. "And how stands the fact? Have not almost all the Governments in the world always been in the wrong on religious subjects ? Mr. Glad-stone, we imagine, would say that, except in the time of Constantine, of Jovian, and of a very few of their successors, and occasionally in England since the Reformation, no Government has ever been sincerely friendly to the pure and apostolical Church of Christ. If, therefore, it be true that every ruler is bound in conscience to use his power for the propagation of his own religion, it will follow that, for one ruler who has been bound in conscience to use his power for the propagation of truth, a thousand have been bound in conscience to use their power for the propagation of falsehood. Surely this is a conclusion from which common sense recoils. Surely, if experience shows that a certain ma-chine, when used to produce a certain effect, does not produce that effect once in a thousand times, but produces, in the vast majority of cases, an effect directly contrary, we cannot be wrong in saying that it is not a machine of which the principal end is to be so used. " If, indeed, the magistrate would content himself with laying his opinions and reasons before the people, and would leave the people, uncorrupted by hope or fear, to judge for them-selves, we should see little reason to apprehend that his interference in favor of error would be seriously prejudicial to the interests of truth. Nor do we, as will hereafter be seen, object to his taking this course, when it is compatible with the efficient discharge of his more especial duties. But this will not satisfy Mr. Gladstone.  He would have the magistrate resort to means which have a great tendency to make malcon-tents, to make hypocrites, to make careless nominal conformists, but no tendency whatever to produce honest and rational conviction. It seems to us quite clear that an inquirer who has no wish except to know the truth is more likely to arrive at the truth than an inquirer who knows that, if he decides one way, he shall be rewarded, and that, if he decides the other way, he shall be punished. Now, Mr. Gladstone would have Governments propagate their opin-ions by excluding all dissenters from all civil of-fice. That is to say, he would have Governments propagate their opinions by a process which has no reference whatever to the truth or falsehood of those opinions, by arbitrarily uniting certain worldly advantages with one set of doctrines, and certain worldly inconveniences with another set. It is of the very nature of argument to serve the interests of truth; but if rewards and punishments serve the interests of truth, it is by 