420 AMERICAN SENTINEL. in this same identical path. These reflections run thus:Š"The reader may perceivein the events above related one of the principal characteristics of the Romans which will soon determine the fate of all the States of Greece and produce an almost general change in the universe: I mean a spirit of sovereignty and dominion. This char-teristic does not display itself at first in its full extent. It reveals itself by degrees; and it is only by insensible progress which at the same time is sufficiently rapid, that we see it carried at last to its greatest height. "It must be confessed, that this people, on some oc-casions, show a moderation and disinterestedness, which from a superficial view, seem to exceed everything we meet within history, and which we feel it incumbent on us to praise. "Was there ever a more glorious day than that in which the Romans, after having carried on a long and dangerous war, after crossing seas, and exhausting their treasures, caused a herald to proclaim in a general assembly, that the Roman people restored all the' cities to their liberty and desired to reap no other fruits by their victory, than the noble pleasure of doing good to nations, the bare remembrance of whose ancient glory sufficed to endear them to the Romans? "Had this deliverance of the Grecian states, proceeded merely from a spirit of generosity, void of all interested motives; had the whole tenor of the conduct of the Romans been of the same nature, with such exalted sent-iments, nothing could possibly have been more august, or more capable of doing honor to a nation. But if we penetrate ever so little beyond this glaring outside, we soon perceive, that this specious moderation of the Romans was entirely founded on a profound policy; wise indeed, and prudent, according to the ordinary rules of government; but at the same time very remote from that noble disinterestedness so highly extolled on the present occasion. It may be affirmed that the Grecians then abandoned themselves to a stupid joy: fondly imag-ining that they were really free because the Romans de-clared them so. "The Romans declared loudly in favor of those re-publics [of Greece]; made it their glory to take them under their protection, and that with no other design in outward appearance, than to defend them against their oppressors; and further, to attach them by a still stronger tie, they hung out to them a specious bait, as a reward for their fidelityŠI mean liberty, of which all the republics in question were inexpressibly jealous, and which the Macedonian monarchs had perpetually dis-puted with them. "The bait was artfully prepared, and was eagerly swallowed by the generality of the Greeks, whose views penetrated no further. But the most judicious and most clear-sighted among them, discovered the danger that lay concealed beneath this charming bait; and accord-ingly they exhorted the people from time to time in their public assemblies, to beware of this cloud that was gathering in the west; and which, changing on a sudden into a dreadful tempest, would break like thunder over their heads to their utter destruction. "Nothing could be more gentle and equitable than the conduct of the Romans in the beginning. They acted with the utmost moderation toward such states and nations as addressed them for protection; they succored  them against their enemies; took the utmost pains in terminating their differences and in suppressing all trouble which arose among them; and did not demand the least recompense for all these services done for their allies. By these means, their authority gained strength daily and prepared the nation for entire subjection. "Under the pretense of manifesting their good will, of entering into their interests, and of reconciling them, they rendered themselves as the sovereign arbiters of those whom they had restored to liberty, and whom they now considered in some measure as their freedmen. They used to depute commissioners to them to inquire into their complaints, to weigh and examine the reasons on both sides, and to decide their quarrels; but when the articles were of such a nature that there was no possibili-ty of reconciling them on the spot, they invited them to send their deputies to Rome, but afterwards they used to summon those who refused to be reconciled; obliged them to plead their cause before the senate and even to appear in person there. From arbiters and mediators, having become supreme judges, they soon assumed a magisterial tone, looked upon their decrees as irrevocable decisions, were greatly offended when the most implicit obedience was not paid to them, and gave the name of rebellion to a second resistance. Thus there arose in the Roman senate, a tribunal which judged all nations and kings, and from which there was no appeal. " We see by the event to what this so-much boasted lenity and moderation of the Romans was confined. Ene-mies to the liberty of all nations, having the utmost contempt for kings and monarchy, looking upon the whole universe as their prey, they grasped with insati_ able ambition the conquest of the whole world. They seized indiscriminately all provinces and kingdoms, and extended their empire over all nations; in a word, they prescribed no other limits, to their vast projects than those which deserts and seas made it impossible to pass." This extract will be good to keep, and to read along with much spread-eagleism that has been and that will be manifested upon "Imperial America," ,f`our colonial policy," and "our obligations to extend the blessings of liberty to oppressed peoples" and "to all the world." A. T. J. 1* . IN Congress recently, during the consideration of a bill appropriating $25,000 to make improvements upon a piece of ground near the city of Washington, it was inti-mated that this was desired mainly to increase the value of a tract of land held by Methodists, who hoped to erect upon it a Methodist college. Mr. Henderson offered in favor of the measure the argument that "we have in this city a Catholic university, and Congress has given it every facility, by roadways and street improvements, to afford it easy facilities in connecting with the city." This illus-trates how easily and naturally one wrong is sought to be justified by another wrong, when a wrong precedent has once been established. "ACQUIRE a government over your ideas, that they may come down when they are called, and depart when they are bidden." 