6 A MI C giblemri  iNTEr__4 VOL. 11, No. 1. and the whole multitude. And they put him into prison, not knowing what they should do with him. And the Lord said to Moses: Let that man die, let all the multitude stone him without the camp. And when they had brought him out, they stoned him, and he died as the Lord commanded." Num. 15 : 32-36. Such, Rev. Sirs, was the punishment meted out by command of God to a man who was guilty but once of an infraction of the law of the Sabbath, whilst each one of you is guilty of a similar desecration of the Sabbath (Satur-day) each Saturday of his lifeŠand this on the unerring testimony of your own teacher, the Bible. "Out of thy mouth I judge thee thou wicked servant." Nor has God's counsels changed by the ex-ercise of infinite patience. He can afford to abide his time for the vindication of his an-thority and contempt of his commands. The precept, "Remember the Lord's day to keep it holy," is as obligatory now as it was in the Old Law, as in the instance above quoted. Can you offer the slighest pretext or pallia-tion for your abandonment of your teacher, the Bible, which enjoins absolutely the keep-ing of that day, kept by God himself first, after the creation ? You pursued the viola-tors of the civil law unrelentingly and did not cease, until you secured a conviction. How, may I ask, will you fare when cited before the divine Tribunal, and compelled to confess from the pages of the divine Record, which you boast of as your guide and teacher, that you have never once obeyed the Sabbath pre-cept, and that you stand to-day before God, heaven and earth as the most unmitigated Sabbath breakers on earth ? Do I exaggerate in the slightest degree the unscrupulous an-tagonism to the law of the Sabbath evinced by you every week of your lives ? Not in the least. And for the purpose of leaving you not a shadow of excuse, I herewith present each of you two pamphlets containing the countless proofs of your apostasy from the teachings of the Bible, your sole and recog-nized teacher. I defy you to disprove these pamphlets. Observe silence with regard to them, and the public must conclude that you rank, as I have already designated you, amongst the champion Sabbath breakers on earth, as the pamphlets, based on God's Word, your guide, prove you to be. I have no sympathy with violations of the civil law, but when men are hunted down by self-righteous, self-constituted . . . spies and detectives, whose record as violators of one of God's most positive precepts is unques-tionable, I am reminded of Satan rebuking sin. I will now conclude with the word of rebuke spoken by our divine Saviour (Matt.7: 2) : "And why seest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye [the violations of the civil law] and seest not the beam in thy own" (the life-long career of a Sabbath breaker)? "Or how sayest thou to thy brother: Let me cut the mote out of thy eye; and behold a beam is in thy own eyes ? Thou hypocrite; cast out first the beam out of thy own eye, and then shalt thou see to cast out the mote out of thy brother's eye." Remove the beam be-fore you search for the mote. Having assigned you your true position as champion biblical Sabbath breakers, whilst I have shown that the victims of your self-righteous, arrogant and unjustifiable persecu- tion, were merely violators of the civil law, a crime insignificant compared with yours, I close this correspondence with the sincere hope that you will reopen it with a manly effort at self-vindication. Count on a reply. M. O'KEEFE, Catholic Pastor, Towson. A RELIGIOUS AMENDMENT PROPOSED. THUS early in the first session of the 54th Congress, have the National Reformers secured the introduction of the following joint resolu-tion proposing the establishment of a national religion and the adoption of a national creed : JOINT RESOLUTION Proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States. Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, (two-thirds of each House concurring therein), That the following amended form of preamble to the Con-stitution of the United States be submitted for ratifi-cation by conventions in the several States, which, when ratified by conventions in three-fourths of the States, shall be valid as a part of the said Constitution, namely : PREAMBLE. We, the people of the United States (acknowledging Almighty God as the source of all power and author-ity in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and His revealed will as of supreme authority in civil affairs) in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, ensure domestic tran-quillity, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. It may be asked, In what way would this establish a national religion and adopt a na-tional creed ? The answer is, the adoption of this proposed amendment would be to make so-called Christianity the national re-ligion; the "revealed will" of the Lord Jesus Christ the national creedŠnot indeed really his revealed will, but that will as interpreted by the Government, just as a portion of it has already been interpreted by Congress in the Sunday closing clause of the World's Fair legislation, by the adoption of which, for the reasons given, the fourth commandment was interpreted as enjoining Sunday observance. PERSECUTION AT DARRELL, ONTARIO. BY J. G. LAMSON. ON Sunday, Nov. 3, 1895, three ministers. A. 0. Burrill, P. M. Howe, and William Simpson, having rested the day previous ac-cording to their belief, were engaged in slack-ing lime, preparatory to the erection of a church building for the Seventh day Advent- ist denomination at Darrell, Ont. These ministers had been preaching at or near Darrell for some time, their ministry had borne fruit, and it was decided to erect a house of wor-ship. The ire of the neighboring church poeple was aroused, and they set spies to watch whether the Adventist ministers would labor on Sunday. Ontario has what is known as a " Lord's Day Act," it being copied almost verbatim from the statute of King Charles the Second, which was first enacted about eighteen years after the Cromwellian period, This statute provides that " a person shall not do any worldly labor, business, or work of his ordinary calling on Sunday." The labor of the ministers was certainly not of their ordi-nary calling, but it was an easy matter for the prosecutors to overcome this; for it was alleged that they did work of a worldly na-ture of " one of their ordinary callings." Under this information sworn to in the case of one of the ministers, testimony was offered showing that the ordinary callings of the men were those of laborer, carpenter, or mason. Witnesses were very willing to swear to this, but every one of them swore positively that they did not know that these three men were  ministers, in spite of the fact that two of them, at least, had preached for three months in succession in the neighborhood of Darrell. The witnesses admitted attending the meet-ings that the Adventist ministers had held, and yet all the witnesses swore positively that they did not know that the defendants were ministers. The complaining witnesses went twenty-two miles in order to get the matter before a jus-tice where there was a prospect of conviction. The city of Chatham, with several magistrates, queen's counsel, and the County Court, were passed by, and the prosecutions were taken to Ridgetown, twenty-two to twenty-four miles away. The cases were tried Dec. 5th, and the remaining two Dec. 12th, the decision in the last case, that of the farmer, being reserved for seven days, bringing the decision for that one, Dec. 19. The three ministers were convicted and sen-tenced to pay fines, ranging from ten to twenty dollars, and in default of fine, forty to sixty days in jail. An appeal has been taken in the three cases-of the ministers, while the farmer's case was dismissed, it having been decided several times that farmers do not come within the statute. In speaking of the testimony given by one of the witnesses (a student for the Methodist ministry who sometimes preaches), one of the attorneys for the prosecution said : " It is in-conceivable that a man who is studying for the ministry of a rival denomination should be so zealous to enforce laws against these people, and have nothing but the honor of the British law in mind. Were he an honest man he would enforce all law equally with this one against a rival denomination." At the close of the trials of the ministers, several leading citizens expressed their abhor-rence of such proceedings, and such a mani-fest travesty of justice. " It is to be re-gretted," said one, " that these people are not permitted to worship God as they choose, and then go quietly about their work upon Sunday, if they want to." There was not a word of testimony to the effect that the work done by the defendants had disturbed any one in the least, except in their religious feelings. One testified that he was pained; another that his religious " scru-ples " were wounded! The witnesses who testified to the last expression, upon being questioned by the attorney, admitted that had he stayed away from the place where the work was being done, it would not have hurt him at all. The witness in these prosecutions gets half the fine, if one is paid. This may add some-what to the understanding of why the prose-cutions were begun. The cases will come up on motion to quash in the high court in Toronto, some time in January or February, and it is to be hoped that the honorable court will be able to weigh, impartially, the questions at stake, and re-member that her majesty, Queen Victoria, issued a proclamation in 1858, in which she said:Š Firmly relying ourselves on the truth of Christian-ity, and acknowledging with gratitude the solace of religion, we disclaim alike the right and the desire to impose our convictions on any of our subjects. We declare it to be our royal will and pleasure that none be in anywise favored, none molested nor disquieted, by reason of their religious faith or observance, but that all shall alike enjoy the equal and impartial pro-tection of the law ; and we do strictly charge and en-join all those who may be in authority under us, that they abstain from all interference with the religious belief or worship of any of our subjects, under pain of our highest displeasure. Not only should the court have in mind her 