THE AMERICAN* SENTINEL. 147 and in view of it, it is proper to inquire, Why then should the Court find it neces-sary to go to the judicial institutions and machinery of the governments of Europe, and even to that of Rome which has been dead more than twelve hundred years ? However, instead of adhering to the ju-dicial institutions and machinery of our own Government, the Court in the very same paragraph proceeds as follows :-- In England, the Court of Chancery is the ordin-ary tribunal to which this class of cases is delegated, and there are comparatively few which it is not competent to administer. . . . There are some cases, however, which are beyond its jurisdiction; as where, by statute, a gift to certain uses is de-clared void, and the property goes to the king. . . . In such case the king as parens patrice [parent of the country or father of the people], under his sign manual, disposes of the fund to such uses, analogous to those intended, as seems to him ex-pedient and wise. Now in this country there is no king ; nor is there anything anywhere among the institutions of this country that can fill the place, or exercise the office, of parens patrice. Here, instead of the Gov-ernment or any part of it being the parent of the country or father of the people, the case stands just the reverse. The people are the parent of the Government and everything in connection with it. To secure the inalienable rights of men this Government was established, deriving its just power from' the consent of the gov-erned, and whenever the form of Govern-ment which was established by the revo-lutionary fathers becomes destructive of the ends for which it was created, " it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it and to institute a new government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness." So that in this Government, and according to Amer-ican doctrine, there is no such thing as parens patrice and there is no place for such a thing even if the thing should be proposed. Therefore, as there is in this Govern-ment, neither king nor parens patrice to which the property in this case might go, it follows logically from the previous state-ment of the Court (that the administration and application of the estate involved, depends upon the judicial institution and machinery of the particular government to which they are subject), that the' decis-ion of the territorial Court should have been reversed and the money involved restored to the individuals to whom it be-longed. Such is the logic of the case, ac- cording to the principles and institutions of the Government of the United States. But this logic was not followed. Instead of it, the Court proceeded to create and establish 'a sovereign power, and clothe it with the office of the parent of the country and the father of the people. The Court first quoted a number of de-cisions, Roman, Spanish, and English, . to  sustain the principles which it had adopted from Rome and England, every one of which is-  of course strictly in accord with the character of sovereignty and paternal- ism which is part and parcel of all those governments; but not one of which is applicable under American institutions, nor can be sustained according to Amer-ican principles. Then the decision says :Š The authority thus exercised, arises in part from the ordinary power of the Court of Chancery over trusts, and in part from the right of the govern-ment or sovereign as parens patrice. . . . If it should be conceded that a case like the present transcends the ordinary jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery, and requires for its determination the interposition of the parens patrice of the State, it may then be contended that, in this country, there is no royal person to act as parens patrice, and to give direction for the application of charities which can not be administered by the court. It is true we have no such chief magistrate. But here the Legis-lature is the parens patrice, and unless restrained by constitutional limitations, the Legislature pos-sesses all the powers in this regard which the sov-ereign possesses in England. This at once creates a sovereign power and clothes it with paternal authority. And if this doctrine shall be maintained, so that it becomes a principle of American law, and shall become established as a principle of Government here, then the revolution backwards is complete; govern-ment of the people is gone; and that of a sovereign parent of the people is put in its place. Then the doctrine of the Declara-ration of Independence and of the Con-stitution of the United States is subverted and the doctrine of sovereignty, absolut-ism, and paternalism, is established in its stead. Then also Bancroft's history in the place above cited, will need to be re-vised so that it shall read as follows:  "Is it asked who is the sovereign of the United States ? The Legislature is the sovereign and the people are subjects." To prove the correctness of its position the Court quoted from Chief Justice Marshall, in the Dartmouth College cases, the statement that " By the Revolution, the duties, as well as the powers of gov-ernment devolved upon the people." This is true enough, but it is particularly to be noticed that the Court has made these de-volve upon the Legislature. It is a singu-lar piece of logic that would prove that certain powers devolve upon the Legis-lature, by citing a passage which declares that those powers have devolved upon the people. Again, the Court quoted a state-ment from Chancellor Kent, that "in this country the Legislature or government of the State as parens patrice has the right," etc., and further from Justice McLean, that " when this country achieved its independence, the prerogatives of the crown devolved upon the people of the States." Justice McLean's statement, like that of Chief Justice Marshall's is strictly correct in saying that these powers de-volved upon the people. But that of Chancellor Kent, like some other legal expressions of his, is utterly false and  contrary to American principles. Among American institutions there is no king,,  and aside from the people there is nothing that corresponds to a king. And even in the people all that corresponds to a king is in the individual; for each-  individual American citizen is sovereign and king in his own right. Again, the Court says :Š This prerogative of parens patrice is inherent in the supreme power of every State, whether that power is lodged in a royal person or in the Legis-lature. But in this country the supreme power is lodged neither in a royal person nor in the Legislature; but as stated by Bancroft, in the law alone, and in the Constitution that supremacy is defined. It is true that the decision of the Court is qualified by the expression, that " unless restrained by constitutional limitations, the Legislature possesses all the powers in this regard which the sovereign possesses in England." But this is another instance of the reversal of the principles of our Government. This argues that the Legis-lature is already in possession of power, and can exercise that power to the full, unless it is restrained by constitutional limitations. Whereas, the truth is that the Legislature has no power at all, is possessed of no authority at all, and can exercise none except as it is granted. The Constitution plainly declares " The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respect-ively, or to the people." The express doc-trine of the Constitution is, that the powers not delegated are reserved. The doctrine of this decision implied, if not expressed is, that the powers not prohibited are pos-sessed. This in itself would be sufficient ground upon which seriously to question the correctness of the decision but there is laid against it, by the Chief Justice, the additional evidence that the Legislature is restrained by the very constitutional limi-tations suggested by the Court. The Chief Justice, with Justice Field and Lamar concurring, dissented from the decision. In his dissenting opinion he speaks as follows:Š In my opinion, Congress is restrained, not merely by the limitations expressed in the Constitution, but also by the absence of any grant of power, expressed or implied in that instrument. And no such power as that involved in the act of Congress under con-sideration is conferred by the Constitution, nor is any clause pointed out as its legitimate source. I regard it of vital consequence, that absolute power should never be conceded as belonging under our system of government to any one of its departments. The legislative power of Congress is delegated and not inherent, and is therefore limited. I agree that the power to make needful rules and regulations for the Territories necessarily comprehends the power to suppress crime ; and it is immaterial even though that crime assumes the form of a religious belief or creed. Congress has the power to extirpate polyg,  amy in any of the Territories, by the enactment of a criminal code directed to that end; but it is not authorized under the cover of that power to seize and confiscate the property of persons, individuals, or corporations, without office found, because they may have been guilty of criminal practices. 