10 AMERICAN SENTINEL. years. I am afraid of you, lest I have bestowed upon you labor in vain." Gal. 4: 9-11. What would the apostle say to-day were he to write to the churches, in view of their ostentatious observance of Christmas, Easter, and other festivals which God never instituted, while totally disre-garding the one day which he has solemnly ordained as his everlasting memorialŠthe seventh day of the week? AS orders have been received for several thousand copies of our issue of November 26, which cannot be sup-pliedŠthough sixty-five thousand were printed; and as this present number will go to many thousands of new names, we reprint, with necessary revision in this num- ber, the leading article of that number. The Source of National Atheism. THE one leading characteristic of the French Revolu-tion was atheiSm. Not the atheism of men as individ-uals, but the atheism of men in organized, representative, governmental, capacity. It Was strictly national athe-ism : being the action of the national assembly in its of-ficial character as such. ThiS national atheism was not a sudden wild break of men, in an effort to present to the world a novel spec-tacle : it was the direct, logical, result of a system that had formerly dominated the country. Therehad been fastened upon France, through the governmental authority, a religion professedly Christian. It was not Christian ; yet it was adopted and ever held by the national authority, as Christian. All national favors were for this religion; the national authority forced it upon all; the national power rigidly excluded all other forms of worship. When the Reformation of the sixteenth century came, and therein Christianity was offered to the people of France, it was tabooed, denounced, warred upon, and at last, by the revocation of the Edict of Nantes, was ex-cluded, Then the nation was left under the crushing weight of the old false religion;. and it was not very long before the people of France found themselves under the necessity of relieving themselves of the incubus that was upon them. This religion had been adopted and maintained for the supposed good of the State. It was proposed always to theState by "the Church" under the pretense that it was essential to the welfare of the State. It waslound at last to be the greatest evil that afflicted the State. Instead of being for the good of the State, it was found to be only a continued and increasing curse. And in order for the State to find relief, it was essential to repu-diate this national religion. Now note : this religion, though not Christianity, was held by the people of France to be Christianity. The nation had been trained for ages in the opinion that it only was-Christianity. They knew nothing else as Chris- tianity. And to thern, in repudiating it they were repu-diating Christianity. In repudiating it, they did not pre-tend to be doing anything else than repudiating Chris-tianity; for it was all that they knew as Christianity, and it must be repudiated. And when men intentionally repudiate Christianity, even though it be in something that is mistaken for Christianity, they commit themselves only to atheism. Thus it was that France attained td national atheism. This;  too, was nothing else than carrying to their le-gitimately logical conclusion the proposition and argu-ments, by which the country had been held under the power of that national religion. In arriving at national atheism, every step that was taken in the National As-sembly was logically derived from propositions that had been laid down by the Church. Every argument offered,  was but the legitimate extension of the arguments al-ready in print on behalf of the national religion. For instance, it had always been argued, and was then argued, by the Church, that the exclusive establish-ment and maintenance of that pa-rticular religion as the only Christianity, was essential to the welfare of the State: and that it was the province of the State, of its own motion by an official act, to establish this religion for its own good. The Church has long declared in be-half of the exclusive establishment of that religion, that "it cannot be doubted that it belongs to the prince to require of full right that which is necessary to the State." Upon this it was argued in the Revolution that, As this religion had been established and maintained for the good of the State, and the event had demonstrated that it was the greatest evil of the State; as it undoubtedly belonged to the State itself to require of full right that which is necessary to the State; as it was now undoubt-edly necessary to the State that it be relieved of this great evil; it followed conclusively that the State had full right to repudiate the whole religious establishment. The full right to establish religion, or to do any other thing, for the welfare of the State, remains the full right to repudiate that religion, or to undo whatever may have been done, when it is found to be working evil in-stead of good to the State. There was no escape from this conclusion. Holding what had been.  taught to them by the Church, that "The Church is in the State, the State is not in the Church," they declared, " We are a National Convention : wo have assuredly the right to change reli-gion "Šmeaning the religion of the State. "The State used its right to suppress a corporation which had no longer a place in the new society." Bear in mind that this national religion was held by all there to be Christianity, and when this was repudi-;  ated, it was intended to be the repudiation of Christian-ity; and when that was repudiated there was nothing left to them but national atheism. The only religion they had then to guide them was the religion of reason; the only god the god of reason. 