'Ion --i,hear my toord4 and believe not ljudge him.nott,i,esus chrki VOLUME I S. CHICAGO, NOVEMBER 1, two. NUMBER 43. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel.) PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324. DEARBORN STREET, CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS, LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $i .03 L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN, " WE have a< law, and by our law he ought to die " has ever been the bulwark ,of intolerance. .4  .4  THE time to protest against an invasion of rights is when the principle is assailed. He who waits un-til his own rights are actually invaded will find him-self placed at great disadvantage. .4 4  JESUS CHRIST died 'not to save men by govern-ments, or by nations, or en masse in any other way, but as individuals; which means that individual wel-fare is the true basis of human welfare. - Editors. RIGHTS belong to individuals, but not to govern- ' ments. THE PASSING OF THE DOCTRINE OF NATURAL <A .0 RIGHTS. THE worst kind of criminals in the world are LAST week we called attention to the ground criminal ideas. taken by a leading American journal, the Outlook, edited by Lyman Abbott, in declaring the straight GOVERNMENTS exist not to perpetuate themselves, National Reform doctrine that the proper basis of but to perpetuate the rights of the people. , civil government is not the consent of the governed ,Ł at but the law of God. And Cow comes another leading , THE Papacy maintains that not freedom of con- American journal, the Independent, and declares that science, but the religious dictation of a Pope, is for the doctrine of natural rights must be set aside as " the greatest good to the greatest number." an outgrown tradition; that, in fact, it is " likely to .at gasp, out its last breath in the pending campaign," To say that a man has no natural, inalienable and that the only rule that can be followed in gOv-rights is only another way of saying that The civil ernment is that of" the greatest good to the greatest power may properly step in between an individual number." and his Creator. Such avowals from leading American journals <,Ł 4 are startling, and-would be so to Americans every- . IT is easier to determine what is for the greatest where but for the teaching assiduously put forth by good of the individual' than what is for the " great- influential 'Americans the past two years, leading est good of the greatest number," and when the away from the ideals of republican government. former problem is:taken care of the latter will take , " One of tke theories which has suffered: most, in care of itself. , these critical days," says the Independent," is- that of b--40--11r4 