434 AMERICAN SENTINEL. what Jesus really did. What Jesus really did and com-manded all to do, is written out in his Word for the guidance of all. And in all that is written of what he either did or said, there is no suggestion that he ever in any way whatever took any part in politics, or had anything to do with the affairs of state. On the con-trary, there is direct and positive evidence that he re-fused to do so. This was not by any means because there was no need of reforms in politics nor improvement in adminis-tration; for if ever there was in the world corruption in politics, and evil in administration, that was pre-eminently the time. "The government under which Jesus lived was cor-rupt and oppressive: on every hand were crying abuses Šextortion, intolerance, and grinding cruelty. Yet the Saviour attempted no civil reforms. He attacked no national abuses, nor condemned the national enemies. He did not interfere with the authority or administra-tion of those in power. He who was our example, kept aloof from earthly governments. Not because he was indifferent to the woes of men; but because the remedy did not lie in merely human and external measures. To be efficient, the cure must reach men individually, and must regenerate the heart." With reference to all matters of politics and govern-mental administration, the only proper answer to the question "What would Jesus do?" is that he would utterly separate himself from it, and would have nothing whatever to do with it. And when anybody enters into politics and affairs of government asking "What would Jesus do?" he leaves at once the realm of Christ, enters an utterly foreign field, and can get from Christ no answer to his question for his guidance there; for Christ never was there and never did anything there. The only true answer that anyone can get there to that question is, "My kingdom is not of this world." "Ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world." "They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world." "Come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you." All therefore who enter politics and affairs of state contrary to the whole example and word of Christ, as they must do to do it at all, and then expect to apply the question "What would Jesus do?" the only answer they can ever get allowing them to continue there, is such answer as they themselves can give to themselves. And the answer that religionists have always given to themselves in those places is abundantly told in the persecutions and oppressions that have afflicted the people in every country where the thing' has ever been done. And for this perverse sentiment to be imbibed and carried out by the enthusiasts of the so-called Christian Endeavor movement, in the interests of that most stu-pendous error of Sunday observance, would speedily flood this nation with evil enough to ruin it. No: the state is not the realm of Christ. Politics is,  not the work of Christ. The spirit of earthly govern-ment is not the Spirit of Christ. It is all "enmity against God, and is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed' can be." And in all such connection the only answer toŁ "What would Jesus do?" is, He would do just what he did when he was hereŠseparate entirely from it all and be joined body, soul and spirit to the realm, the work,. and the Spirit, of God, which are not of this world. That is what Jesus did. That is what Jesus would still do. And that is what every one will do who will go,  in his steps. A. T. J. "LostŠthe American Sabbath." LOST in Elmira, N. Y., the "American Sabbath.' So says The Defender, an Elmira journal. No reward is offered for its recovery. We quote:Š "LostŠthe American Sabbath! "Will the church bells of Elmira ring out this alarm?' Such contempt for the day as this city reveals now would have been considered shocking not long ago. To tell truth, it is not now so openly manifested by the liquor people as by others. Not a Sunday goes by but that the cigar stores, the candy stores, the drug stores, the ice cream places, the fruit stands, andlthe soda fountains of Elmira are all in full blast, and doing more business than on any other day of the week. "The liquor saloons have as good right to hold open as these. It is unjust to the saloons to demand closed doors of them, and let theselother places be wide open. "The Law and Order League grows red in the face because a prostitute walks the street, and insists that the police prohibit all that sort of thing; but we hear nothing of righteous anger because the Sabbath is dese-crated by a hundred tradesmen with impunity; the majesty of the law is not invoked, in behalf of good morals and of tradesmen who respect the Sabbath sanc-tities. "LostŠthe American Sabbath!" But all this growing business and pleasure on Sun-day does not at all interfere with the Lord's SabbathŠthe seventh day. That is not lost. Ask any observer of that day, and he will tell you this is true. He will only be surprised that you should ask the question. And here is an important truth that should be noted and kept in mind; the fact that in spite of all the work that is being done week after week on the "Sabbath of the Lord," and the worldly pleasures to which so many people devote the day, this Sabbath is not being lost, is proof that it cannot be lost. And if it cannot be lost, it is plain that whoever will keep it cannot be lost, either. He will not be lost, to all eternity. The "American Sabbath"Šthe first day of the week Šis lost; so its own friends confess. And how many who were its adherents are lost with it? A Sabbath that can be lost itself has obviously no power to save a soul 