134 AMERICAN SENTINEL.  'compulsory Sunday idleness was not the spiritual better-ment of the reluctant idler, nor the prevention of his in-terference with voluntary idlers in their religious exer-cises, nor yet the relief of their minds from the harrowing thought that somebody might be at work somewhere. At least it ignored these aspects of the subject alto-gether, and enunciated the proposition that the real pro-tegee of the Sunday law is one compulsory idler whom another may "dis6urb" in his idleness, even with his per-feet acquiescence! The court held that it was "safe" to give the word disturbance a "comprehensive meaning ; " and that the fact that people willingly submitted to, and took part in, a thing did not make it non disturbing to the party himself; or, in other words, that a man may be disturbed by doing what he wants to do! The court then went on to say that the object of the statute was to prevent the distracting of people from religious observance, and that "nothing should be tolerated that tends to defeat it." And on the basis of this construction of the law it set aside a contract to buy a horse, because the vendee was disturbed by the offer, which he willingly discussed ; be-cause a witness whom the vendee took with him to the conference was disturbed, though he went along willingly enough; and because the wife ,of one of the parties was disturbed, as was proven by the fact that while the trans-action was in process of consummation, she sat in the room reading a newspaper!ŠVarne,y vs. French, 19 N. H., 233. And, later, "disturbance" was said to consist in "acts calculated to turn the attention of those who are present from their appropriate religious duties to matters of merely worldly concern," which evidently makes it a breach of the Sunday law to address a remark to a man on any other than religious topics, such, for example, as the state of the weather; and, accordingly, it was held that executing a will in the presence of others, disturbed them; for, the court said, "if knisiness has been transacted of a secular character, and not within the exceptions, and in which two or more persons have taken a part, the dis-turbance is a conclusion of law."ŠGeorge vs. George, 47 N. H. 27; see also Thompson vs. Williams, 58 La., 248. But common sense shows us that all this is uncom-mon nonsense. The question whether a man is "dis-turbed" or not by the conduct of another, is so evidently a matterŁ altogether within the man's own breast that the logical maxim of the law is volenti non fit injuria,Šthat is to say, What a man willingly put up with, enti-tles him to no damages at law, gives him no disturbance of,  which the law can take cognizance. And this logical maxim is always respected and applied by the courts, save in the matter of Sunday laws; wherewith, indeed, logic has nothing whatever to do. But the Brownist is logical enough when he is intel-lectually honest with himself. And then he knows full well that when he swears out a warrant against A on the ground that the latter has disturbed B by doing business  with him on Sunday, he is seeking to have A punished, not for any disturbance done to B, because in fact there was none; but he is seeking to have A punished because of his knowledge that the business was done on Sunday, though he neither saw nor heard anything of it, and did not even know of its being done till long after the Sunday of its doing was over. This it is that "disturbs" the Brownist's soul to that degree that only the fining of A by the magistrate, can restore its equilibrium. And it has' been shown that with the matter of soul-equilibrium American law has and can have nothing to do. . . . It will not fail to strikethe candid reader that there is something curious and suspicious about the very mention of religion in connection with the judicial consid-eration of an American statute. That American judges should be found recognizing the true character of Sunday laws, as civil embodiments of a religious dogma, and sus-taining them on that very ground, is only one among many illustrations of Macaulay's remark that "man is such an inconsistent creature that it is impossible to reason from his belief to his conduct, or from any one part of his belief to another." The " Christian Powers " Against Christians. THE great "Christian Powers" of Europe have fur-nished new evidence of their Christianity(?) by espousing the cause of theTurk against the "Christian" population of Crete. Upon this the New York World, of February 24, makes this comment:Š "When the ink is hardly dry on their formal protests against the unspeakable atrocities of the Turks in Arme-nia the Tory powers of Europe express their real opinions by bombarding the Cretan camp at Canea in the interest of Turkish barbarism. "The Cretans have won their independence and have driven the barbarians who have oppressed them for two centuries to the protection of the guns of the men-of-war kept in the harbors to enforce the opinions of en-lightened statesmen in London, Paris, Berlin and St. Petersburg. " These gentlemen lately filled the newspapers of the world with expressions of their, horror when men, women and children were tortured and maf sacred in Armenia because of devotion to their religion. We were told that their representatives in Constantinople were 'coercing the Sultan;' that he was in imminent danger of being driven out of Europe as a brigand, an outlaw, an enemy of the human raceŠas he is. "Now when all this is put to the test, when a gallant people, refusing to be butchered as were the unfortunates of Armenia, have risen for their rights, have defeated the cowardly assassins who represent the Sultan's Armenian policy in its application to Crete, and have won for them-selves the admiration and respect of the world, the allied powers of Europe, representing its intrenched Toryism, take the side of the Turk. They threaten to drown in the roar of their most Christian cannon the appeal which the 