AMERICAN SENTIN EL. 243 attention to God at all? The law calls attention to the legislative body which enacts it. A human Sabbath law, therefore, calls the attention of the people away from God to a human power as the source of authority in Sabbath observance; and this does not foster reverence for God, but the very opposite. God is the only authority for Sabbath observance, and he alone can rightfully be rec-ognized in such a matter. Any other "authority" is seTconstituted, and a daring usurper of the prerogative of Heaven. And what, have Sunday laws to do with fostering re-gard for God's "revealsd truth"? What Sunday law ever called attention to God's truth? It is the very ab-sence of such truth from the foundation of that institu-tion which prompts its adherents to seek a declaration from an earthly power. It is the absence of any divine law in support of the day that calls for support from the laws of men. For the very reason, therefore, that "Sabbath-keeping develops and strengthens the religious nature and fosters reverence for God and his revealed truth," no human law ought ever to intrude itself into the matter of Sabbath observance. A human law in the domain of religion can only act as a barrier between man and his God. "THE meek shall inherit the earth, and shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace." .  The Pope Is Grieved. DISPATCHES from Rome state that the pope is "deeply grieved" by the apparent failure of his efforts to mediate between this country and Spain. In view of the prospect that war cannot be averted, he is reported to have said:Š "I have prayed to God with the whole force of my being, with the deepest fervor, to avert war, and not to allow my pontificate to end amid the smoke of battle. Otherwise, I have implored the Almighty to take me to himself that I may not behold such a-sight." The pope has a deep horror of the "smoke of battle," and the "sight" of fighting, when Spain is opposed to a formidable nation. But what about the smoke of battle that has for three years been hanging over the island of Cuba, and the starving of innocent women and children by the hundred thousand, which has been in progress ever since Weyler's order of concentration? Has he felt any horror over these? If he has, he has not expressed it. The scenes which have been enacted in;  Cuba under the Spanish armsŠarms to which, by the way, the pope has given his blessingŠare far worse than any that are likely to attend a conflict between Spain and the United States. If only the Roman pontiff could succeed in preserv-ing peace between two great "Christian" nations, what a prestige would be given the papacy in the eyes of the world, and what a basis would be afforded for asking concessions to the papacy from the United States! No wonder "his holiness" is deeply grieved over his failure. Natural Rights and the "Common Good." THERE is no more fallacious theory extant than that which is embodied in the common idea that natural rights must be limited by law in order to promote the-"common good." Natural rights are the rights given to man by the-Creator. They are neither more nor less than what the-Creator made them. To say that they need to be clipped and pruned down to meet the requirements of a success-ful life, is to reflect upon the wisdom of the Creator. Rights were given to the individual for his good. Among man's "inalienable rialits the Declaration of Independence enumerates "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." The more of these things an individual has, the better off he is, and the more of prosperity does. he enjoy. And the more individuals there are of this. kind in the community, the more prosperity and happi-ness is there in the community. What, on the other hand, is the "common good"? It is a very indefinite term. Each person defines it to,  suit himself. Governments define it to suit themselves. Over in Russia it is declared to be for the "common good" that the little children of heretical parents should be-taken from their homes and sent away to be brought up. in the orthodox "faith." In Peru, until recently, it was. considered to be for the common good that no Protes-tant marriage ceremonies should be recognized as valid by the state. In Spain it was for the common good that Protestants should not be allowed to worship in church buildings. The list of instances in which personal rights have been invaded under the plea of the "common good,' might be extended indefinitely. How are these things decided to be for the common good? Oh, it is by the decision of the majority, at least of those in power. And this is the way the question is. always decided; this is the way it is proposed to decide-the question to day, and the only way in which civil gov-ernment can consider it, in this country at least.- A natural right, therefore, as limited by the "common,  good," is simply such a privilege as the majority may see fit to grant. And this would take the matter out of the hands of the Creator entirely. It would leave no. force to the term "natural" right at all. For what a person is allowed to have by the majority, cannot be his, by natureŠby birth. And for what purpose is this limitation sought to be-put upon natural rights? A quotation from the recent-hearing on the Sunday bills before .the Massachusetts. legislature will explain. A speaker in behalf of the bills. said:Š "When we speak of natural rights it must be with limitations. Natural rights of the individual in the com-munity are subordinate to the common good. Sabbath¨ laws have been proved to be for the common good." Natural rights are sought to be curtailed in the in-terests of Sunday laws. Sunday laws are a denial of natural rights, and this is instinctively recognized by the- 