,1-3`1,‚J,  Books We Can Recommend. JOHN OF WYCLIFFE PILGRIM'S PROGRESS Size, 65x4.54 inch-es, 495 pages, 6 il-lustrations. The story of both Chris-tian and his wife. An attractive edi-tion of this immor-tal classic. Price, 40c- MARTIN LUTHER A most readable story of the life of this greatest reform-er, at home, at the university, as a monk, as a priest, at Rome, at the,Diet of Worms, and the closing scenes of his career. Illustrated. Cloth, 6oc. POLITICAL SPEECHES AND DEBATES o A reproduction of 0 the principal CA  speeches and de- f The life of this great-est of "the reformers be-fore the Reformation" is one of intense interest, and is here told in such a way as to inspire the reader to cultivate his opportunities and econ-omize his time. Cloth, 6oc. A. series of A comprehensive his- p a m phlets, co tory of that portion of containin 2) Africa drained by the 32o pages  f Kongo and its tributar-and 45 beau- C ies, together with nu-tiful stories 0 merous missionary inci-for children. 4E)  dents and experiences. Following 14   The author, Rev. Hol-are some of m a n Bentley, writes the titles: C from personal observa-"Joe Ben - tion, and gives much ton's Co al interesting information Y a r d.,,  ,4 concerning this much-"This Hand f talked-of country. Never0 Struck Me," .4 Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. "The,  Burnt .—7  bates o f Abraham () Composition," "The Wanderer's Prayer " TWO Lincoln during the V The First Lie," "The Tempting Gloves," fe years 1854-1861, to- † "Tom's Revenge." Complete set for 25c, gether with those of Ir Ł postpaid. his political antago- C A THOUGHTS FROM THE nist, Stephen A. y MOUNT OF BLESSING Douglas. A fascin- C ating volume of over An exposition of the 550 large pages. C Sermon on the Mount IP "It can by no means Cloth, $1.75. (9 be read with profit at A one sitting, but is a C book for time of med-C itation, as its title in- cates." ŠBaptist Union. 2) Contains 209 pages, 3 18 half-tone engrav-C ings, is bound in cloth 0 at 75c, and half-calf at $1.00. 0  MAKING HOME HAPPY 0 An entertaining story of how an unhappy 0 a closer connection with Him. Contains home was made and kept happy, together 237 pages, 68 engravings, four of which are AA with the influence it had over other homes. A three-color half-tones. 3 Contains 203 pages; cloth 5oc. r Cloth, with gilt edges, $1.25, i) JACK THE CONQUEROR And Other Stories C O 43 GOLDEN GRAINS The first and longest story is that of ten-year-old poverty- stricken Jack Harold. His fa-ther and mother were both dead, and his aunt would not allow him to go to school. How his ambition was aroused, etc. Well illustrated, cloth, 6oc. A TRUST Contains two good 0 stories, the first being C of the struggles of a fa- ji mily, the head of which having gone, according to baby Phil, "Away 'cross the big sea, and p perhaps h e' d tumble 40 out of the ship and det drowned." The second ;) tells of the faithful ef- 4) forts of a boy to sup- (9  port his sister and wid-owed mother. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. II), AMONG THE ICEBERGS (i3 LIFE ON THE KONGO STORY OF REDEMPTION 0 A book well calculated to show forth-the love of Christ, and to draw the reader into NATIVE LIFE IN The author, Rev. Henry Rice, spent eighteen years in India, and has written a most interesting description of the social and reli-gious characteristics of the Hindus. The book is illustrated with twelve native drawings. itants had received Cloth, 6oc. CANNIBAL ARCHIPELAGOES Here John Williams, Rev. G. N. Gordon and wife, J. D. Gordon, and others met death at the hands of the natives. Here dwell the Rubiana people, whose mania is the collection of human heads. Even here, this book informs us, the gospel has made pro-gress. This is illus-trated by two scenes in one villageŠone as the missionaries found it, the other after its inhab-Christianity. Cloth, 6oc. NORTHERN An account of the. expeditions sent in search of the North Pole by the United States and England. It is written in narra-tive style and is in-tensely interesting. Its illustrations are o f northern scenes and incidents, and, are very good. Cloth, 6oe. INDIA OAKLAND, CAL, 39 Bond Street, New York City. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHINC COMPANY, KANSAS CITY, MO. LEFT WITH O SAVONAROLA A graphic ac-count of the life and martyrdom of this wonder-ful preacher of Florence; also a sketch of his times. An in-spiring boo k for young read-ers, and o n e that will be read again and again. Cloth 6oc.; 