, ' ‚1: Ł \ ŁŁŁ,. %N. `%.\\‚‚‚ \\'`V.\"' N‚‚‚ "Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 2. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, FEBRUARY, 1887. NUMBER 2. 712e iln2eicieaR Ser2thrl, PUBLIBBBB 1fONTBLY, BY TB) PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. Entered at the .Part-efee rn Oakland. MR Independent says: " If the religious views of infidels or some form of paganism were to be taught by the State, and believers in the religion of the Bible were to be taxed to pay the expenses thereof, these believers would complain bitterly and justly. The principle, however, is the same, no matter what religious views are incorporated into a system of popular education at the public expense. It is no better and no worse when applied to the religion of the Bible than it would be if applied to any other form of re-ligious belief. The fact that the majority of the people, so far as they have any religion, believe in Christianity, and would have that taught by the State, if any religion is to be thus taught, does not alter the case at all. The rights of the minority not thus believing are just as sacred to them as those 'the majority." Ł 4. MR. GAULT, in the Christian 'Statesman of December 30, 1886, seems to think he has set-tled a vexed question. He refers to Deut. 1 : 13, where Moses said to the people, " Take you wise men, and understanding, and known among your tribes, and I will make them rulers over you." We referred to the same transaction (Num. 11 : 16, 17) in speaking of this subject. But the question with us is: Who gave Moses authority to make rulers for the tribes? And would these wise men have had any authority to act if Moses had not put them into office? The President of the United States has the power to appoint a great many officers, and it is quite customary for the peo-ple to present names to him that he may ap-point the men of their selection. He may or he may not appoint the ones they select; but in any case, their selection does not make these men officers. They must be appointed by authority. But when the people elect their officers, the President 'has no more to say on the subject than Mr. Gault has. There was no election, in any proper sense of the term, in the transaction referred to in Num. 11, or Deut. 1. But let us go back of that. The people elect our President, and thereby give him the ap-pointing power. But who elected Moses ? Who gave him such power over the tribes and over their judges? Will Mr. Gault please to meet the question, and not longer evade it? "National Reform" Principles Exemplified. THERE is no place on earth where the prin-ciples of the "National Reform Association" are more clearly exemplified than they are in the Territory of Utah. It is as useless for the Reformers to deny the likeness as it is to deny that their movement contemplates a com-plete union of Church and State. Over against their constant disclaimers of a desire to inaug-urate such a union, every feature of a prac-tical union of Church and State is found em-bodied in their demands for changes in our Government. And it is a noticeable fact that all classes, except the self-styled Reformers themselves, no matter what their belief may be in respect to matters of the Government and of Christianity, are fully agreed that a union of Church and State will be the unavoid- able result of their movement. What is the actual condition in Utah? And, What are the actual demands of the National Reformers? Answers to these questions will cover the entire subject under consideration, and we will proceed to answer them by quota- tions from the pages of the organs of the As- sociation. The Christian Nation of Jan. 13, 1886, quoted the words of a man who had spent some time in Utah studying the situation. He said :Š "The Territorial Government of Utah is now and has been from the beginning, domi-nated by the Mormon Church. Twenty-five years before our forefathers were called upon to proclaim liberty, they eradicated the evil of a union between Church and State. Thomas Jefferson, as you know, was the great apostle of this reform, and it as much as anything else prepared us for a republican form of gov-ernment; but, for the last forty years, there has existed in Utah an ecclesiastical rule more flagrant than anything Jefferson was ever called upon to consider. The Mormon organ-ization does not pretend to be merely a church, but the kingdom of God on earthŠi. e., it is a sort of theocratic government." In this description of things in Utah, three points are made prominent : 1. The Mormon Church dominates the civil Government, and this is fitly represented as a union of Church and State. 2. Thomas Jefferson was opposed to this state of things, it being contrary to re-publican government. 3. The Mormon organ- ization does not pretend to be merely a church, but the kingdom of God on earth. The first and third points present the peculiar charac- teristics of Mormonism, and we shall now show that what these embrace is demanded by the Reformers, in our Government. We shall not preserve the order laid down, but notice, First{  The National Reformers claim that this Government or nation will be the king- dom of Christ when the Religious Amendment is adopted. In the Pittsburg Convention, in 1874, Dr. Browne, speaking of the present and future position of office-seekers in respect to their movement, said :Š " When our Master comes into his kingdom in our beloved land, they will be candidates for the foremost positions, and scramble with the mother of Zebedee's children for the right or left hand places in the kingdom." This language is unmistakable, and is in en-tire harmony with the general tenor of their teachings. Rev. J. C. K. Milligan, in the Statesman of March 21, 1884, said :Š "If our nation will accept God as the source of all authority, Christ Jesus as the nation's king, and his law as of supreme authority over them, its creed is orthodox." It is well known that the National Reform- ers have captured bodily the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union. The highest officers of the Union are vice-presidents of the Reform Association, and labor zealously in its interest. Mrs. Woodbridge, in an address to the Knights of Labor, in Cleveland, urged upon the Knights the claim of the National Reform cause, closing with. the following words :Š "Thus would the National Woman's Chris-tian Temperance -Union join hands with the Knights of Labor in placing this ' Government upon the shoulders of Him who is Wonderful, Counselor, the Mighty God, the Everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace,' and in crowning Christ, our Lord, as the Ruler of nations." In the Statesman of May 27, 1886, that su- perlatively zealous National Reformer, "Rev. M. A. Gault," addressing an objecting minister, said :Š "Strange to tell, you are harder to reconcile to the enthronement of Christ in the nation, than even -the Unitarians." The pamphlet report of the Pittsburg Con- vention is prefaced with an article by Dr. McAllister, the general secretary of the As- sociation, the closing words of which are as follows :Š "This edition of the report is sent forth with the prayer that He whose honor this movement seeks to promote, . . . will carry forward the glorious work until our be-loved nation shall become one of the kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ." The first quotation given from the Nation says that "the Mormon organization does not pretend to be merely a church, but the king-dom of God upon the earth." And the anal-ogy between this and the claim of the Reform- ers is complete. They constantly affirm that it is not their intention to legalize a church, but to bring Christ into his kingdom, to put the Government upon his shoulders, to enthrone 