MARCH 19, 1896. ..461.1VILIMELI CA, ic 93 perishing for the bread of life; fairs and fes-tivals, parties and ridiculous shows, dese-crate the house set apart to the worship of God, and furnish revenue for his treasury in lieu of the offerings prompted by love. Upon every point of truth there is division; upon error * alone is there unity. And yet we see this divided and fallen Church entering the domain of civil government to dictate reforms to " the powers that be" in the affairs of municipal, State and national legislation. " Physician, heal thyself "1 "ARE RIGHTS DIVINE, OR NATURAL ?" UNDER this heading, the Truth Seeker, of this city, takes exception to the view advo-cated by the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and asserts that rights are natural, and not divine! One of the Truth Seeker's propositions is this: " Our rights co-exist with our bodies." Certainly they do. But does this disprove that they are divine in their origin? By no means. God did not create man, and then at some future time by direct revelation endow him with rights; but he created him a social, moral being, and in that very act of creation made inherent in him certain inalienable rights, " among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." " re hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are cre-ated equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights." This was recognized one hundred and twenty years ago as a self-evident truth by Thomas Jefferson, a Liberal, but is to-day denied by the Truth Seeker, and apparently for no better reason than unwillingness to recognize an in-telligent Creator. It is true, however, that human rights are not a matter of revelation; that is, they are not dependent upon revelation; they are self-evident, because they exist in the very nature of man. We unhesitatingly, and without compunc-tion of conscience, reduce to abject servitude the lower orders of animals, and compel them to serve us. Why have we not the same right to do this with our fellowmen, who are per-haps not our equals in point of intellect? Simply because by creation they are our brethren. " All men are created equal." The difference which now exists is due to en-vironment, to heredity, and other causes. But these unfortunate members of the race have the same inherent rights that their more fortunate fellows have. It is true also, that while rights are not de-pendent upon revelation, that they are most generally and most fully seen and protected where the light of revelation shines most clearly. Every man who learns that he is morally responsible to God, realizes within himself that he must be left free to discharge that responsibility according to the dictates of his own conscience; that as no man can an-swer for him to God, so no man has the right to dictate any course of action to him in things pertaining to God. The tendency of moral responsibility is to develop manhood in man, and to that cause more than to any other is due the degree of liberty which is enjoyed in the world to-day. It was the declaration of independence, adopted by the German Princes at Spires, that made possible the American Declaration of Independence. Profoundly impressed with the truth of their individual responsibility to the Author of their existence, the German Princes asserted their right to freedom in all * The Sunday-sabbath, which has no Scriptural support,  things relating to God; and to-day we enjoy liberty of conscience because of the rec-ognition of the great principle which they as-serted. We marvel that anybody should deny, or care to deny, moral responsibility, or the di-vine' origin of human rights. We confess that we cannot appreciate the emnity against God that denies his instrumentality in such matters. DOINGS IN WASHINGTON. THE National Reform forces are playing a desperate game in Washington. At the hear-ing on the Sunday bill for the District on the 2nd inst., they utterly failed to put Łin an appearance, apparently letting the whole thing go by default. But, as intimated in these columns last week that they probably would do, they secured a private hearing before the the House Committee for the District of Co-lumbia on the 6th inst. On this occasion W. F. Crafts, and a num-ber of ladies, belonging to the " Woman's Sunday League of America" appeared before the committee in behalf of Sunday legisla- tion. Ł On the fifth inst. a substitute for the Morse Sunday bill was introduced into both houses of Congress: in the House by Mr. Wellington, of Maryland, and in the Senate by Mr. Mc-Millan, of Michigan. The following is the text of this bill:Š A BILL To protect the first day of the week as.a day of rest and worship in the District of Columbia. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-tives of the United States of America in Congress as-sembled, That it shall not be lawful for any person to keep open any place of business nor maintain a stand for the sale of any article or articles of profit during Sunday, excepting apothecaries, for the dis-pensing of medicines, and undertakers, for the pur-pose of providing for the dead, or others for the pur-pose of charity or necessity ; nor shall any public playing of football or baseball or any other kind of playing, sports, pastimes, or diversions disturbing the peace and quiet of the day be practiced by any person or persons within the District of Columbia on Sun-day; nor shall any building operations or work upon railroad construction or other labor, except works of necessity and mercy, be permitted upon said day; and for any violation of this Act the person offending shall, for each offense, be liable to a fine of not less than five dollars nor more than fifty dollars, and in the case of corporations there shall be a like fine for every person employed in violation of this Act laid upon the corporation offending. Sec. 2. That it shall be a sufficient defense to a prosecution for servile labor on the first day of the week that the defendant uniformly keeps another day of the week as holy time and does not labor upon that day, and that the labor complained of was done in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb other per-sons in observing the first day of the week as a day of rest and worship. Mr. Crafts spoke in favor of the substitute which differs from the original principally in that it does not assert any divine authority for the first day of the week. Mr. Crafts told of the Sunday "laws" in force in the States, and held that Sunday is recognized under the federal laws. The Pres-ident is exempted from the necessity of sign-ing bills on Sunday, the statutes require sus-pension of studies at Annapolis and West Point, and these, together with similar re-quirements, make forty-six State and federal acknowledgments of Sunday. Sunday is an inheritance from our fathers which should be observed as a principle of government. This is an excellent illustration of the readiness of some people to take a yard if you give them an ell. The law provides that students at Annapolis and West Point shall not be required to study or recite on Sunday,  and this fact is urged as a "reason" why everybody else should be forbidden to work that day! The hearing on the 11th inst. before a committee of the House, on the proposed religious ammendment, was one of more than ordinary interest. The time allotted was two hours, the same to be equally divided between the friends and opponents of the measure. The Reformers were to have half an hour to open their case, then those who opposed the amendment were given an hour. The advo-cates of the amendment having half an hour in which to close. The first half hour was used to little pur-pose, as nothing new was developed. The principal speech against the amend-ment was made by Rev. Dr. Lewis, of Plain-field. Dr. Croffut, of Washington, Mr. Put-nam, of New York,Mr. Jenkins Lloyd Jones, of Chicago, General Burney and Attorney Abraham, both of Washington, also spoke against the amendment. Mr. Allen Moon, president of the International Religious Lib-erty Association, yielded his time to Dr. Lewis, which gave the doctor the principal speech, as it gave him double time, which was used to good advantage. Prof. Coleman, of Philadelphia, undertook to close the argument for the Reformers, but he was soon swamped with questions from the members of the committee, and yielded the floor to Dr. McAllister. This was the signal for the committee to turn all their guns on him, and instead of occupying but two hours, the hearing occupied about four hours. This was of no advantage, however, to the friends of the amendment. If there was anything lacking to confirm the members of the committee in the belief that the amendment should not be reported favorably, it was furnished by Dr. McAllister. Representative Lewis, of Kentucky, who showed himself thoroughly familiar with the Sunday Mail Reports written sixty-six years ago by Hon. Richard M. Johnson, led out in ask-ing Mr. McAllister hard questions. Mr. Lewis secured from the doctor an admission never before made in a public hearing, namely, that the Reformers desire that every theological question shall be the subject of congressional enactment under the proposed amendment, and also that they intend that if Congress and the courts decide that Sunday is the sabbath, that everybody shall be compelled to keep it without any regard to their religious belief. " When the hearing closed," remarked a bystander, " it was perfectly evident that the National Reformers had not a friend left on the committee," and it is perfectly safe to say that there is not the slightest danger that the resolution proposing this amendment will be reported favorably by this committee. We expect to give our readers further de-tails as soon as we receive an official report of the hearing. SHALL EXECUTIVES IGNORE VOID STATUTES? [By Addison Blakely, Ph. D., Lecturer in Political Science and History, University of Chicago.] THE statements now and then made in cer-tain quarters that it is the duty of the execu-tive to enforce law as he finds it, but not to construe it, in the light of political history, is absurd. All government was originally car-ried on by one department. In the early stages of the evolution of the State, one insti-tution answered all the purposes of the State. The executive department defined law, applied the law, and executed the law; but as experi-ence showed that this one-man power was ex- 