JULY 12, 1894. A.NIEL.1.11-LICAN 219 ish tribe who habitually lived on grass, ,browsing like oxen, was wrought up to such a height that he declared he saw angels standing round the emperor. Con-stantine, not to be outdone, saw angels standing around James, and pronounced him one of the three pillars of the world. Ile said, " There are three pillars of the world: Antony in Egypt, Nicolas of Myra, James in Assyria." * Other instances of this mutual cajolery might be given, but space forbids: It was thus that the Church played the harlot with the world in the early part of the fourth century. And thus it was by prov-ing recreant to the Lord and by courting the favor of corrupt princes, that the bishop of Rome was at last exalted to that place where he is described as sitting "in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." Christ or the State? SOPHISTRY has force and is dangerous until brought face to face with truth. In the June Forum, '94, the Right Rev. J. M. Farley, Vicar-General of the Diocese of New York, gave a rather orthodox view of the questiOn of taxation of church prop-erty. He said :Š The citizen and resident, in return for protection, give their proper tax to the government and sometimes render it personal service. They have been personally benefited in a hundred ways by the orderly civil so-ciety which a good government has secured for them. They have made money, enjoyed all the relations of social life in perfect liberty, and are in debt to the government even when they have paid their taxes. but the churches also have made their return for the protection accorded them. They have paid no taxes, but they have labored night and day to secure to the State the best sort of citizens. They have preached at all hours and seasons the duty of loyalty to the State, and have spent more hours than the StatS could pay for in looking after the poor and helpless, in pre-venting sin and disorder, in keeping pure and whole-some the very elements which go to make a decent State. This writer is treating the State as a responsible institution, aside from the members of society that go to make up the State, and the Church as an independent agent employed by the State, and looking to it for protection and reward. The fact is ignored that State and Church both have distinct fields. The State to protect the temporal interests of its subjects and the Church to promote the spiritual king-dom of Christ. If the man serves the State as a citizen and then is required in church capacity to render additional service because of the protection given his church, he is under twofold obligation. If the State protects him as a citizen and then as a church member also, he gets a superfluity of pro-tection. Absurdity. But there is a point worthy our careful consideration as to the office work of the Church urged in this article. It is argued that the Church is working for the State and looking to the State for its pay. Now the question is, Is the Church working for the State or is she working for Christ? This is the central issue; and it is a mixed one now, for some are clearly serving the world while others are true to Christ. But let this be borne in mind that none are serving both. Christ said, " No man can serve two masters." When a bribe is accepted, is not the ac-ceptance itself a tacit agreement to work for the object asked in the giving of the bribe ? Is not the receipt of wages itself *Stanley's "History of the Eastern Church," Lecture v, par. 34. an agreement to do the work understood ? The acceptance of the price is at once a sale acknowledged by the receiver. Thus, for the Church to receive the remittance of taxes as a stipulated price for services rendered, or to be rendered, is but to sell herself to the service of the State. When the Church is so blind that she cannot see a glory in her calling that car-ries her beyond the acceptance of worldly gain in recognition of service rendered, there is great need of a reformation. " Whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God." Jas. 4 : 4. The great stumbling-stone which seems to divert the minds of many in treating this subject is the inborn idea that the Church has duties to the State outside of and beyond those of the indi-vidual citizens which constitute the mem-bership of the Church. Suppose a case in which the members of a community discharge all their duties as citizens of the Government and the Gov-ernment guarantees to those citizens all that is due to them from it by the protec-tion of persons and property, in the peace-ful pursuit of happiness. Let this community organize itself into a church and put some of its property into church buildings. Has the relation of that people to the State changed ? Has the relation of the State to that people changed ? Not a particle. The idea that the Church as such is doing a work for which the State became indebted to it is superstitious folly. Let it be ever borne in mind that when a citizen has discharged his duties to the State as a law-abiding patriot, if he should become a church member, he would owe the State no more, and when the State accords to him the protection of person and property in the full enjoyment of his natural rights, its work is done, whether he is or is not a church member. When a citizen is faithful as such to the State, he enters the Church not to work for the State, but to work for Christ. The theocratical idea is that the citizen who is a church member owes more of service to the State, and that the State is in debt to him for such service; that is to say, that the church member has more claims on the State or that he is a special favor-ite of the State. In other words, this plan puts a premium on church membership and church organization. H. E. GIDDINGS. Gunn, City, Mo. Ł Ł Ł A "Dangerous" Sect. RUSSIAN papers just to hand announce the appearance in the government of Ekaterinoslav of another of those religious sects that, while exciting the fear and dis-gust of the Orthodox Church, draw down upon themselves the vigorous hostility of the civil authorities. The new body is the result of a split in the Mennonite sect, mainly made up of Germans, and has es-tablished itself at Kotlarevka, under the title of "The New Mennonites." The pas-tor of the flock, one Edward Friedrich, recently applied to the governor of Eka-terinoslav for permission to erect a chapel, and in the investigation which followed several peculiarities in the creed of the sect were disclosed. The new Mennonites, for example, forbid the taking of oaths in legal proceedings; they are bound to re-frain from hostilities and the shedding of blood, even in times of war; and they are pledged by the articles of their belief to  take no part in condemning criminals to death. The governor of the province, with the sanction of the local bishop, found the sect to be " exceedingly injuri-ous to the welfare of the empire," and refused to authorize the erection of a new Mennonite chapel. It further transpiring that the sect had been active in snatching into its fold simple and unsuspecting mem-bers of the Orthodox Church, the civil authorities sent one of the " perverts " to prison, and would have treated Rev. Friedrich in like manner had he not taken train to the frontier. In view of these eloquent facts, the Russian press pro-claims, with a unanimous voice, the need of immigrant missionaries who will strug-gle, with all the power of the Orthodox Church, against heresies so wicked as those of the new Mennonites. Yes, it is the old story. The great pillar of autoc-racy in Russia to-day is the Orthodox Church, and to the autocratic party reli-gious freedom is " Nihilism " in the do-main of faith. You have only to bring rationalism into the belief of the Russian peasant, and his superstition in favor of despotism will go by the board. That is why new sects are found to be so "injuri-ous to the welfare of the empire."ŠFree Russia. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union on Church and State. IN Leaflet No. 31, published by the Na-tional Woman's Christian Temperance Union for the Sabbath Observance De-partment, is found the following:Š Question. Does not a Sunday law favor a union of Church and State ? Answer. How can two things be united that have nothing in common ? You cannot unite an organiza-tion with a principle. The organized State must unite with an organized Church, as in England and Scotland. Here no one denomination could gain such precedence. Moreover, we have State Sabbath laws, and they nowhere tend to a union of Church and State, and no more would a national law. Probably no one in the country desires such union in any form and it is rendered impossible by our Constitution. This is a veritable " man of straw." The best way to determine whether this gentleman is made of straw is to pull off his mask and dissect him. We suspect that his looks are deciving. We think that upon examination there will be found between his appearance and his real char-acter about the same difference that exists between a lamb and a dragon. See Rev. 13:.11. Let us approach this personage (the Bible calls him a "beast," the very image of his father, Rev. 13th chapter) with caution, for he is very nervous, and does not like to be examined. The writer of the leaflet asks, " How can two things be united that have nothing in common ?" Answer. By changing one or both of the things so they will have something in common. The true Church of Christ and a properly constituted State will never have any interests in common; but when the Church loses her hold upon God and appeals to the State for power to accom-plish her aims; and when the State re-sponds to the appeal, and espouses the cause of the Church, then the two are united in their interests and methods. This is the condition of affairs in the United States to-day. Congress is be-sieged with " Christian( !) lobbyists," and flooded with petitions from churches; representatives from the National Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union are found in the committee rooms of the cap-itol. Why are they there if the Church 