106 .A.10/MIRACA_N S1EIWIPI1cTIEILA, VoL. 11, No. 14. The other ground of defense was that such work was prohibited by the statute only on " the Lord's day." As the statute did not fur-ther specify the day, it was open to the defend-ants to show that they had not transgressed it, inasmuch as the " Lord's day" was not Sun-day, but the seventh day of the week,.Šwhich day they regularly observed as the Sabbath. In proof of this they were prepared to submit to the court the plain testimony of the Scrip-tures, as follows:Š The fourth commandment of the Decalogue plainly declares that "The Seventh Day is the' Sabbath of the Lord thy God." In the fifty-eighth chapter of Isaiah the Lord again speaks of the Sabbath as " My holy day." Isa. 58: 13. This language un-questionably applies to the seventh day. Again, the Saviour, in justifying the action of his disciples when they plucked and ate some ears of corn while they were passing through the fields " on the Sabbath day," said, " The Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath." Mark 2: 27, 28. As he said this in answer to the charge of the Pharisees that his disciples were breaking the Sabbath, he unquestionably referred to the seventh day. On the other hand, there is not one text of Scripture anywhere to be found that speaks of Sunday, or the first day of the week, as being the Sabbath, or which says that it is a holy day, or is the Lord's day, or that com-mands any person to refrain from ordinary labor upon it. By the testimony of Scripture, therefore, we are shut up to the conclusion that the seventh day, and not Sunday, is the Lord's day. Bible Evidence Excluded. The prosecuting attorney, however, would not allow this evidence to be presented, and he was sustained in his objection by the court. He refused to consider the case as one involv-ing other than purely civil considerations, saying, " It is not a question of religion, but of law;" yet the very act of bringing the de-fendants into court involved the decision of a purely religious question,Šthat of what day is the Lord's day. The civil magistrate was obliged to decide the Lord's day to be Sunday, before he could take jurisdiction of the ac-cused persons under the statute. Yet after he had himself decided this purely religious question, without which he could not have proceeded in the case at all, he refused to al-low the same question to be considered by the prisoners in their defense, holding that no re-ligious question was involved. The attorney for the defense, Mr. Mills, had prepared sev-eral type-written pages of notes relative to the origin of Sunday laws, showing the religious character of such legislation ; but this testi-mony was ruled out, as having no bearing on the case. Thus the defendants were virtually shut out from making any plea in their own defense, their reasons for non-compliance with the statute being religious ones almost en-tirely. It was held that the work done by the de-fendants was work of their "ordinary call-ings," although it was clearly shown that their calling was that of ministers of the gospel, and no evidence was forthcoming that they pos-sessed more than one " ordinary calling." The Queen's Proclamation Brushed Aside. One other ground of defense for the pris-oners was the proclamation* issued in 1858 by Her Majesty, Queen Victoria, forbidding, * See "A Royal Proclamation," page 109 of this paper. " under pain of our highest displeasure," any molestation of her subjects on account of re-ligions belief or practice. This was read to the magistrate, but was brushed aside by him as having no application to the case of an Adventist suffering persecution at the hands of his religious opponents. Had the prisoners been permitted, they would have presented the strongest and best of reasons for their course in not complying with the statute of King Charles II. Theirs was not the plea of the vicious and criminal, but of men who feel bound by the word of God. In the sacred book they had read these words spoken by the Almighty from the burn-ing top of Sinai, with a voice which shook the earth :Š Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy; six clays shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it. They Dared Not Keep Two Days. In the face of this commandŠplaced by God in the bosom of his eternal lawŠto sanc-tify the seventh day by resting thereon from secular work, they dared not sanctify the first day of the week in its stead. God's holy and immutable law had established the character of the days of the week in their relation to mankind, setting apart the seventh day from the others as the day of rest; and his divine order they dared not disregard or attempt to change. They saw that it is impossible to keep the seventh day " holy "Šor separateŠas established by the Creator, and at the same time set apart the first day in like manner. The one distinction would necessarily destroy the other. Moreover, the law and example of the Creator had fixed the first day as one of the six common or working days, distinct as such from the seventh day. " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God;" and " in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it." They knew that no human statute could set aside the decree of the Almighty, or absolve them from obligation to his law; and they chose to obey God rather than man. For this they were convicted by the court and sentenced as criminals to pay fines of ten and fifteen dollars, respectively, together with costs of prosecution; and in default thereof to serve out their sentence in jail at 25 cents per day. An Appeal Taken. An appeal was taken to the higher court, and on March 16 the cases were argued in the Divisional Court at Toronto, before Chief-Justice Meredith and Justices Rose and Street. There the judgment of the lower court was affirmed, but without costs, which leaves the latter to be paid by the prosecution. That which most concerns us, however, and every reader of these lines as well, is the fact that we have come upon an era of intolerance, when obsolete religious statutes are being re-vived and made the instruments of persecu-tion. All so-called Sabbath laws are religions laws, since they pertain to an institution which is wholly religious. The Sabbath is the Lord's,, not man's. God is its author. It is the memorial of the Creator; "for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and t Hebrews 12:25. all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it." His ownership of the sacred day is repeatedly affirmed in his word by such expressions as " the Sabbath of the Lord," " My Sabbaths," " My holy day," etc. Ex. 20:8-11; 31:13; Isa. 58:13; Eze. 20: 12, 20. Belonging thus wholly to God, it is wholly religious, and cannot properly be made subject to human legislation. Man has no authority to enact religious laws; that is the prerogative of God alone. The intellectual enlightenment of this age ill comports with the revival of the penalties of this antiquated sabbath " law." While not able to eliminate it from the statute books of the Province, the modern spirit of liberty in religious faith and practice has shown its dis-approval of the statute by the restrictions placed upon it; holding it to be applicable only to those in the cities and towns, and then only to work of the nature of one's " ordinary calling." The unusual proceeding of the appeal Justices, also, in affirming the decision of the lower court " without costs," stamps the proceedings under the statute as petty persecution. Had the justices viewed it otherwise, the costs would not have been charged to the prosecution. A Conflict Impending. But the fact remains that religious intoler-ance, defying all enlightened sentiment and blind to the lessons of history, seizing upon the ready weapon of religious " law," is cast-ing upright, Christian men into prison, and in that act striking a blow at the liberties of all. It proclaims to the people that they are slaves, not free to worship God according to the dictates of his word and of conscience, but bound by the dictates of a man-made statute, and that in a matter so sacred and essential as the observance of the Sabbath. Those who believe in sanctifying the seventh day, ac-cording to the commandment, are not free to set apart that day from all others without pay-ing the legal penalty; and those who have been accustomed to observe the first day, thinking it to be the Sabbath, are not free to change their views in this respect, no matter what the evidence, without meeting the like fate. And those who have no belief in God or religion, are not free to pursue an honest, consistent course in this respect, but must make a hypocritical show of regard for a re-ligious institution, by doing no work on Sun-day, if they would be free from legal pains and penalties. The gospel of Christ, on the other hand, proclaims " liberty to the cap-tives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound." Isa. 61:1. A conflict is impending. As the Sabbath of the Lord is being more widely proclaimed and observed, the spirit of religious intoler-ance is rising and manifesting itself in such scenes as that we have described. The ar-raying of the opposing forces of religious freedom and of intolerance, is but the shaping 'for the final struggle of the long conflict be-tween good and evil. The battle ground will afford no room for idle spectators. We must choose this day whom we will serve,Šwhether we will worship him who is the Creator, by keeping his Sabbath, or that other power which has set up a rival day. Let us then have faith in God, and leave with him the consequences of obedience to his word. THE only ground, on which restrictions on Sunday amusements can be defended, must be that they are religiously wrong; a motive of legislation which can never be too eatiastay protested against. ŠJohn Stuart Mill. 