AMERICAN SENTINEL. 739 Of course, there was no real putting of God into the constitution; but the very thing had been done which it is proposed to do with the United States Constitu-tion, in order to avert national demoralization and dis-aster. But in the light of the French Revolution, what good may be expected to result from a formal recognition of God by the state ? TEAT government is the best government which leaves most freedom for the development of individuality, by the exercise of every useful faculty of the individual or-ganism. And not the least among these is conscience. The State Bows to the Christian Endeavorers. RECENTLY the state officials who are in charge of the work of constructing the capitol building at Albany, which work has been in progress seven days in the week, were visited by representatives of the Christian Endeavor Society and told that Sunday work on the building must stop; andŠthe work stopped. There is a law in New York against Sunday work, and of this law these State officials were certainly aware; but to the law they paid no attention. But when the Christian Endeavor SocietyŠa religious organization powerful in numbers and influenceŠtold them that Sun-day work under their charge must stop, they at once be-came obedient to the law. Will some one tell us what there is in this other than an act of homage by the State to this religious society? What is there in it but an acknowledgment by the State that its own laws are less to be honored than the man-date of this church organization? What, then, in the logical order of things, is there to hinder the society of Christian Endeavor from governing the State, and through that the people of the state? Where now is the real seat of civil authority in the State of New York? • . 4 The Religious Boycott. BY W. A. COLCORD. AT the Christian Endeavor convention held in Perth, West Australia; September 8, a resolution was passed by which the members present pledged themselves to re-frain from doing business with men who do not observe Sunday. Thus in Australia, as in America and other professedly Christian countries, the religious boycott is being advocated by professed Christians as a means of inducing men to observe the Sunday institution. And ere long we may expect the long-foretold decree to go forth, that "no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name." Rev. 13:16, 17. Evidently the Sunday institution is the mark here re-ferred to. It is the mark of the beast, the spurious Sab-bath which the papacy has put in the place of the Sab-bath of the Lord; and professed Protestants are seeking to enforce it by the boycott, which in plain language means, Come to our terms or we will starve you out. In what contrast is such a course to the command, "If thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink.-Rom. 12:20. Melbourne, Aug. * Ł -4 The Sunday Movement in Alabama. BY E. B. IIASKELL. ABOUT a year and a half ago, the "Cooperative Sun-day Association of Alabama" was organized at Mont- gomery, the capital city, as an auxiliary to the American Sabbath Union. (See AMERICAN SENTINEL, March 5,1896.) Since then active work has been put forth to create public sentiment in its favor throughout the State. Yet no decisive step was taken until recently in Birmingham, the second city in the State, or including its many sub-urbs, even the first in population. A mass meeting was called to consider the "better preservation and rightful observance of the Sabbath." This was held on the night of November 8, at the First Presbyterian church. About twenty people were present, and at least six of these were pastors, but the "Jefferson County Sabbath Association" was started on its career, as a branch of the State association. Several speeches were made in which were many sig-nificant statements. The prominent thought was that the religious forces must combine, and make an irresist-ible attack upon the legislature for more stringent laws in behalf of Sunday observance. One speaker had learned only recently, by examining the civil code, that Alabama had practically no Sunday law, as the provisions touched only a few of the many ways in which Sunday was being desecrated. One church could not engage successfully in this work. It would require the union of all interested forces. This is a work which Catholics will join with the various Protestant bodies. They did not expect any assistance from the Jews, nor from the seventh-day Christians, neither did they ask it; but the latter espe-cially were too insignificant in numbers to amount to anything. The Sunday law was upheld from a civil standpoint, but many statements revealed' its religious foundation. The Sunday newspapers should be abolished, because of keeping people from church and filling their minds with secular thoughts. The fruit-stands and confectioneries should close because they tempt children to spend their pennies and nickels on the way to Sunday-school. The furnaces, railroads, etc., should stop work, because they keep many from serving God and attending church who would like to do so. 