FEBRUARY 6, 1896. AlvivairOA_NT  43 only to some extent. As well might it under-take to compel one person to love another person. No more can it enable or compel a person to keep the Sabbath, It can compel him to stop working; but as Mr. Hazard him-self says, "The Lord emphasized the truth that the Sabbath is not the day of the do-nothing. It is not consecrated to idleness." Idleness under the pretense of Sabbath keep-ing is mocking God; for God made the Sab-bath " a delight" (Isa. 58: 13, 14.), a day of activity in worship and communion with him. What the State wants, on any and every day, is not more idle men, but more good men. Nor is it true that " where the Sabbath is dishonored . . . the prosperity of the State cannot follow." For some men honor the seventh day, while others honor the first, and communities which do the former are certainly as orderly and prosperous as those which do the latter; yet one of these days cannot be the Sabbath, Nor does history give any war-rant for believing that national prosperity is necessarily dependent upon the observance of any day of the seven, We grant that the Sabbath institution is a human necessity; we believe it as strongly as any one can. And Mr. Hazard truthfully observes, " As well think to change God's ordinance of night as God's ordinance of the Sabbath." But this is just what men have thought to do; for while God's ordinance is, "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work," men have changed it so that the world are now taught that the first day is the Sabbath; and Mr. Hazard and others would have this change sanctioned and enforced upon all per-sons by law. Of course, the Creator has not sanctioned and does not recognize any such change; for lie was wise enough to make the Sabbath just as he wanted it and just as it would best serve the needs of mankind, in the beginning; and this all men will find out at the final day of reckoning. The Sabbath is a human necessity, as a spiritual institution. The physical-necessity argument is considered separately elsewhere in this paper.* Speaking of the law against Sabbath break-ing in the time of the ancient Israelite the-ocracy, Mr. Hazard says: "There was no tyranny over conscience in the case, and there is none. In things moral and social the State has right over the conscience of the minority in it, to compel it." Has the State such right ? Are the American people ready to accept such doctrine ? If they are, then the scenes of the Dark Ages are ready to be re-peated in this land; for no worse principle was ever cited in justification of any act of oppression or prosecution. Think of it: " In things moral, . . . the State has right over the conscience of the minority in it, to compel it "! Is this the doctrine that is to be gathered from the pages of history or of revelation, or deduced from reason, in the light of the nineteenth century? Is it a true saying, after all, that " might makes right " ? Is the State to define moral-ity ? and not only that, but to compel the conscience of individuals in moral things, who happen to be in the minority ? God himself does not undertake to compel the conscience. The author of this proposition cites as an example under it the case of a man who has "a conscience distorted to fit stealing," or " another " who " may fail to see the use and value of the Sabbath," in which case, he says, the State will see it for him. But if a man should plead conscience for stealing, the State would disregard his plea not on the ground that his conscience was bad or that he # See article "Dr. Haegler's Chart" on page 44. was in the minority, but simply on the ground that he had violated human rights, which it is the purpose of the government to protect. The State would not make itself lord of his conscience; it would not concern itself with his conscience at all. It would simply take cognizance of the fact that the rights of some of its citizens had been violated, and as the appointed protector of those rights, its proper action in the matter would be clear, without any reference to the criminal's plea of con-science. It may be that the Rev. Mr. Hazard does not see that this doctrine of the right of the State to coerce the conscience of the minority, would hold as well in heathen lands as in our own, and hence would justify all the idolatry and wicked practices which are esteemed nec-essary and right by the majority in such countries; it may be that he, does not see that it would justify all the persecutions carried on in Catholic countries, or any that the ma-jority in this country might see fit to inaugu-rate; but it is none the less harmful for that. We are told further that because the Sab-bath appears to be " against men before it is seen to be for them," " the State, like a wise father, enforces it first that it may be appre-ciated afterwards." We do not acknowledge any such " father." Our paternal needs are fully provided for by the "fathers of our flesh," and our all-wise, all-powerful Father in heaven, who created them and us. We want no " father" created by a popular vote. We want no religion defined and approved by the civil powerŁ'  we want no conscience in-structed by it. We want no Sabbath keeping or appreciation of religious privileges by State direction. Our conscience is our own,Šthe gift of God. His wordŠnot the vote of the majority Šis its guide. And as that word never di-rects any one to violate human rights, but enjoins love on the part of each toward his fellowmen, its guidance will be no mensce to the peace and prosperity of the State. Ma-jorities in this world have always been wrong in religious belief and practice; and we will " not follow a multitude to do evil." We will take oar religion from the Bible, and will obey also the laws of the civil power, save only when they are in plain conflict with the law of God. WHAT IS FAITH IN JESUS CHRIST? BY CHAS. F. WILCOX. THE professed Christian world seem to be making one general move toward honoring Christ. Each denomination is vieing with all others to do him the most honor. Some choose one way, and some another. But un-der whatever name, all claim to have one ob-ject, and that is that Christ shall be exalted. In view of this, is it not appropriate that we seek the reason for this, and ask in what man-lier it can be properly done? Faith is the foundation of all action. Man's effort is put forth for that in which he has confidence, based upon evidence. Christ has represented himself to the world as the only hope for mankind. Those who accept him act in harmony with his instructions, and thus he controls their lives to a greater or less extent. Through confidence in the life and experience of Christ, through a study of the lessons he has left on record, man becomes educated in reference to his claims. If he has confidence or faith in these claims of Christ, he is guided by the principles and teachings of Christ, and  his life will testify to the world that he is a disciple of Christ. Now the question, Is the move to exalt Christ through an expression on the part of nations, as such, in harmony with his teach- ing? Unless it is, can it be said to be actu-ated by faith? and if it is not of faith, what is it? " Whatsoever is not of faith is sin." Then any move to exalt Christ, that is not based on a " thus saith the Lord," can be nothing but sin, for where there is no word of Christ, there can be no faith in his word. Christ has said positively that his kingdom is not of this world. John J8: 36. This pos-itive statement should forever silence him who would do honor to Christ by giving him an earthly throne. To believe Christ's word is to have faith in him. And faith in this word will lead to obedience, and obedience will never cause one to seek to do that which Christ has said should never be done. Faith in Christ will lead to a humble opinion of our own knowledge as compared with that of Christ. Whatever he says will be agreed to, whether understood or not. His word giveth light and when gladly received, it illumines the mind, and ere one is aware, he understands facts and truths that were obscure. To-day the world is filled with popular de-nominations, popular churches, and popular preachers. Has faith in Jesus Christ built all these up to their present position? Is the good will of the world toward them an evi-dence that they have " the faith once delivered unto the saints"? The word of Christ to his followers is, " Ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake." Again he says, " Woe unto you, when all men shall speak well of you." From these words it is evident that the true followers of Christ will not be consid- ered the friends of the world. Like their Master, they will rebuke sin by holy lives, and this testimony against iniquity evil men will seek to silence. Faith in Christ asks, Is this the way of the Lord? and then humbly walks in it. The popular cry is, The great majority think so, and I will go that way too. Faith in Christ may bring sorrow and trial now, but by and by it will give joy. The majority may laugh now at the simplicity of the true Christian, but their laughter will soon give place to bitter lamentation. Ł Faith in Christ does not lead any church to do contrary to the express word of Him who came to speak the words of life. So he who is connected with any body that is doing any-thing for which they have not the plain in-struction of Christ, may be sure that in that thing they are not acting through faith in him. Many true and sound principles may be cherished and obeyed, but in the single particular wherein there is a deviation from right and truth, lies a grave danger. The only way to escape is to cast aside the false principle, accept the truth, and thus walk in the light as God is in the light. In the strife for the highest place, for the largest honors, for the greatest power, true faith takes no part. Simple faith in Christ works by love, and this love is toward the Father and the Son, and seeks to uplift every soul for whom Christ died. It moves to obe-dience, for working by love it must express itself by the works of love, and this is to keep the commandments of God. John says: " This is the love of God, that we keep his commandments: and his commandments are not grievous." We may therefore know that the voice, be it from preacher, or church, or denomination, that says, the law of God is changed or done away, does not love God, hence 