180 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. If only an amendment had been added re-quiring these statesmen to do the teaching under these conditions for the first year, there would soon have followed a call for an extra session of the Legislature to abolish this crude and hasty measure. The American people are as sensible and just as they are practical, and one may confidently predict that such enact-ments, when properly understood, will not have the sanction of a sober public opinion. Apart from the impossibility of instructing children through the vehicle of an unknown tongue, such an expedient is doomed to failure even as a means of making them English. The results may be seen in half the counties of Pennsyl-vania, where English has been the lan-guage of instruction for fifty years, and where persons can be found whose parents and grandparents were born in this coun-try, and who are still unable to speak, write, or understand English. They at-tended the English schools, but not un-derstanding what was taught they never learned English or anything else. Though not among our worst elements, could they have had the instruction of parish schools in their vernacular, they would be far more intelligent than they are. If Americans could for a moment put themselves in the place of these pious for-eigners, who by common consent consti-tute a most peaceable, intelligent and thrifty class, they must look upon this legislation as a wanton and cruel invasion of their sacred right to educate their off-spring in the best manner possible under the abnormal and temporary conditions. No American community would submit for one hour to such an outrage. Some of these Germans have probably fled from the intolerance of Russia, which forces the Russian tongue into the schools of the Baltic Provinces. Invited to this country as offering the fullest civil and religious liberty, how bitter must be the disappointment which finds here the same spirit, the same politics, the same heartless disregard of circumstances and of rights. But the saddest aspect of these laws is the revelation they make of the godless spirit that rules the State. The beliefs and the morals of Christianity, we have heard times without number, are the pal-ladium of our free institutions. Here now are evangelical churches providing a thorough Christian culture for their chil-dren, infusing into their minds the eternal principles of private and public virtue, and the State with iron hand breaks in the door and demands to know what is being taught in -these schools. The answer is, " The doctrines of the gospel, and what-ever besides will help to make good citi-zens." " In what language are you doing it ?" " In the only language at our com- mand." 4  OUT WITH THIS- ' BUSINESS! This is an English country, and unless you teach English your school must stop." And so we are going 1 Whither, 0  whither, tell me where ? We are fain to speak of this as a Christian country. We hear ofthn that Christianity is the com-mon law of the land. We are even now passing a bill in the national Legislature to enforce the observance of " the Christ-tian Sabbath." To some well-meaning people only one thing is lacking to make this in form as it already is in fact a Christian Nation, and that is to write the name of Jesus Christ across the national Constitution.ŠProf. E. J. Wolf, in Chris-tian at Work. Simple Tyranny. THE public-school system, existing in the several States of the Union, is directly the creation of State authority, and is maintained and enforced by compulsory taxation. The object is to meet a great practical want in the way of popular ed-ucation that otherwise would not be ade-quately met. There can be no doubt either as to the necessity or as to the wis-dom of the system considered with refer-ence to the end had in view. The ques-tion whether the education, thus provided for, shall be simply secular, or shall, in addition thereto, include some element or elements of religious teaching, is the vexed question that has for years been the bone of contention in our public-school system, and that now really constitutes its great-est peril, We have never had but one opinion on this subject, and have given full expression thereto, as occasion has called for it. We do not believe it to be the legitimate prov-ince of any State, as.such, to engage in any species of religious propagandism, whether in the public school or elsewhere. A State, in order to do this, must first have a State religion, and, of course, must au-thoritatively determine what it shall be, and what it shall embrace ; and having pro-ceeded thus far, it must then, in order to give the idea a practicable form, compel the people through a tax levy to pay the expense of teaching the religion, whether they believe in its truth or not. The mere statement of the idea ought to be sufficient to refute 'it with the American people. An American State cannot consistently extend its public-school system, supported by general taxation, and regulated by law, beyond the purely secular field of educa-tion; and those who demand that it shall do more than this are making war upon the only system that comes within the province of the State. Qui public-school system must be purely secular in its in-struction, or be abandoned altogether, un-less the people are prepared to have the State in its organic power become a relig-ious propagandist. We desire to preserve and perpetuate the system on the only, basis that is prac-ticable, and hence utterly dissent alike from those Catholics and those Protestants  who would ,use the public schools for re-ligious purposes. Not a dollar of the pub-lic money should be thus expended. No man should be required by law to pay -a solitary penny for religious propagandism. -Such a requirement is simply tyranny.ŠThe Independent. Where the Difficulty Lies. PROFESSOR BLAISDELL, of Beloit Col-lege, Wisconsin, in The Christian Union of May 8, criticises the decision of the Su-preme Court of that State on the Bible in the schools. He raises the same cry as other enemies of the public school, that the public school is thus made godless, and says:Š There are multitudes of thoughtful people in Wisconsin who will say, If information about a Supreme Being, and addressed to the highest and most productive sentiments in the school training of my children is to be ruled out of our schools so that they become godless and morally colorless, we will have our parish schools. Very well, such persons had better have their parish schools than to have the pub-lic school turned into a parish school. They had better teach their own children the religion which they want them to be taught, at their own expense, than to un-dertake to do it at other people's expense. To talk about the public schools being thus made morally colorless is another piece of sophistry, because those very per-sons claim that the religion to be taught shall not be dogmatic, nor sectarian. It must be of such a kind as that all may re-ceive it with equal favor. And to demand that in a community where there are many different views, and where every man is free to think for himself, is only to de-mand that the teaching shall be morally colorless. The objection that the public schools are made godless and morally col-orless, is a fraud. There is not a particle of fairness in it, and those who make it must know it, because it is difficult to conceive how men who can write as intel-ligently as these, can be so dull .as not to detect the sophistry of their own argu-ment. The Professor next objects to the decis-ion because if it is sound, 'then the State cannot teach religion in its asylums, for the blind, the deaf and the insane. Then he begins to beg his question by appealing to the sympathies of the people for these unfortunates. But that is no objection to the decision. If the State has the right to teach religion in its asylums and in the penitentiaries, then it has a right to teach it in the public schools. If it is right to teach it, in the public schools, it is right to teach it everywhere else. The trouble is that those who argue this way miss the whole, point, ,and that is, that it is impos-sible .for the State to teach: religion. Be-fore the State can teach religion, it has to have a religion, to- be taught. And as the Supreme Court of Ohio justly said :Š 