AMERICAN SENTINEL. 669 rection?" The army in the Philippines is more than double the size of our entire standing army before the war with Spain. It is three times the size of the force required to whip Spain in Cuba and Porto Rico. And it is three and a half times bigger than the armies under Scott and Taylor that conquered Mexico.ŠN. Y. World. No Sympathy for Weak Peoples. "Pittsburg Labor Tribune." IT is interesting to note the uncertain tone of the public press of this country in its comments on Great Britain's threatened war of conquest in South Africa, the inevitable result of which will be the absorptiOn of the South African republics by the British empire. Ordi-narily, American sympathy would be wholly with the menaced republics. But since we have started upon a policy of conquest ourselves, the old American sympa-thy for the oppressed is growing feeble, and we know not what to say about imperial tyrants. Let us wait a little longer and we may yet grow fond of them. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bans Drab on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishirg Co., not to the editor orlany other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00, " Six months .50. Three months .25. AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. "Benevolent Assimilation," "Blessed Mission of  Humanity," "Liberty," "Justice," etc. WHEN the American army entered Manila there were five or six saloons; now there are 435 saloons and brothels where a decent man has not room to stand. One of our regiments contracted debts inCavite amount-ing to $2,500, and the government could not compel them to pay. Another regiment did the same. We have not shown these people the virtues of temperance or good living. There is an American monopoly of drink at Manila, and what wonder that they should hate and despise Americans.ŠRev. Peter McQueen. Jesus Died for You. This is the title of the new num-ber (No. 63) of the APPLES OF GOLD LIBRARY written by Mrs. Luella L. Harmon. It is a Christ-filled appeal to sin-ners to yield themselves to Him who died for them. It is well cal-culated to soften, and subdue hearts, and to do good wherever circulated. Price, 50 cents per hundred. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO.,: 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 18:W. 5th St., Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, California. ADDRESS, Sunbeams of f?ealti?  anb Eemperance. This IS a unique work in which the author has under-taken to present a vast amount of int -w-esting information in such a manner as -z0 be not only instruct" 3 but entertaining. The following as, the titles of the p--it cipal sections of the work : The Honse We Live In; The Habitations of Men; Some Straus', People and Their Strange Manners ; The Bills of Fare of all Nations Dame Fashion and Her Slaves ; Health and Temperance Miscellany -Hygiene for Young Folks. Over 224 quarto pages. Illustrated by hundreds of engraving One of the most interesting volumes ever published. Regular price. We will send postpaid Cloth, plain edges, $2.25. $1.25. Cloth, gilt edges, 2.50. 1.50. Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. 