Thrill the Heart 4.1. ‚01 Reader" "44 '012P-Volr'Ars"..  LOOKING UNTO JESUS. but Cannot VŁ0  of the Is what the "Christian Work" (New York City) says of our --NEW BOOKŠ AMERICAN SENTINEL. 189 child. The world is put to the test in these days, and we are in times that try men's souls. On which side do we standŠthe side of force or love? Two opposite kingdoms, ruled by two opposite prin-ciples, are calling for our allegiance. The kingdom of peace proves us its subjects if we stand for peace, for hu-man rights, for the survival of every soul for whom the Prince of Peace died. The kingdom of force claims each one who cries for militarism, for imperialism, for the survival of the fittest only, and who ruthlessly casts aside the God-given rights of men. The test will be brief. When men have taken their stand for peace or war, manifested of what kingdom they are, the heaven will roll away as a scroll, and in celestial pageant, the king of glory will appear. Those who have chosen the sword will perish by the sword; but to those who love peace will sound the invitation, "Come ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world." Then will come the truce of Christ. The brotherhood of men will be manifested in the chosen race who makeup that happy company for whom the angels will cry, "Open ye the 'gates, that the righteous nation that keepeth the truth may enter in." Happy souls who 'mid earth's battles rest in Christ-like peace and love, Where the war mad spirit rages, they but feel the gentle dove; Angel arms will bear them kindly to] their fatherland above When God comes marching in. Facts Wanted. THE undersigned desires to receive facts regarding persecution for conscience' sake. If any person knows of an instance where any one has been arrested and pun-ished for holding certain religious views, I would be glad if he would communicate the facts to me. Any picture of any person so persecuted, or scene connected therewith will be thankfully received. Address J. F. PACKARD, Walnut Hill. Mass. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Chrik t to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and other* who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given tc make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of tht Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edward*, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street , Philadelphia, Pa. NOTICE.ŠWe have on hand three copies of The Graphic Atlas and Gaz-etteer of the World, containing fine, clear maps of all the States of the United States, the countries of the world, and an index to every city and country. Original price $7.00. We will sell them at $2.75 each. Order quickly; there's only three. TO OCR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other-individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AM   N1 RICAN S  I-1.1\TTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom- promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED 'WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. " Six months .50. Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. Cloth edition, beautifully bound in buckram, cover printed in four colors, postpaid, - $I.00 Presentation edition, gold side stamp, gold edges, a very acceptable present, postpaid, $1.50 ADDRESS, PACIFIC PRESS 1"7_713. 39 Bond St., New York. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. - The object of this book is to teach us to look unto Jesus from every scriptural point of view. It treats espe-cially of the present posi-tion and work of our Lord in the Heavenly Sanct-uaryŠa theme of interest to every ( hristian. 