AMERICAN SENTINEL. 405 for us to receive, neither to observe, being Romans." Acts 16:21. When cast into prison for this charge at Philippi he sang praises to God till the prison doors were opened by the power of God, and there in that Roman jail contrary to Roman law he preached Christ to the Roman jailer until he was converted. When commanded to teach no more in the name of Christ, the apostles said in reply, "We ought to obey God rather than men." Acts 5:28, 29. The martyrs for Christ throughout the Dark Ages of papal suprem-acy, whose number is estimated at not less than fifty millions, testify to the injustice of religious legislation, and their testimony has been sealed with their blood. When our forefathers who founded this Government saw the religious persecution of the Old World and the train of evils attending the enforcement of religious laws, they sought to guard against the repetition of such acts of injustice in the Republic of America. They placed in our national and State constitutions strong guarantees of religious liberty to all. In the Constitution of the United States we have the following: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof." In harmony with the sen-timent of these words, George Washington wrote: "Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience." Thomas Jefferson, the author of the Declaration of Independence, wrote: "Al-mighty God bath created the mind free; all attempts to influence it by temporal punishments or burdens or by civil incapacitations tend only to beget habits of hypoc-risy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion." James Madison, who wrote the Constitution, also expressed the following: "Religion is not in the purview of human government. Religion is essentially distinct from government, and exempt from its cognizance. A connection between them is injurious to both." Such are the words of the men who were foremost in the forming of our Federal Government. The United States Senate committee, also, in response to petitions for Sunday observance, said: "It is not in the legiti-mate province of the legislature to determine what reli-gion is true or false. Our Government is a civil and not a religious institution. Our Constitution recognizes in every person the right to choose his own religion, and to enjoy it freely without molestation. The proper ob-ject of government is to protect all persons in the enjoy-ment of their civil as well as their religious rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above another, or esteem all days alike holy. What other nations call religious toleration, we call religious rights. They are not exercised by virtue of govern-mental indulgence, but as rights of which government cannot deprive any portion of citizens, however small.  Despotic power may insade those rights, but justice still,  confirms them." Coming nearer home to the constitution of our own State we find the following: "No preference shall ever be given by law to any religious sect or mode of wor-ship; but the free enjoyment of all religious sentiments and the different modes of worship shall ever be held sacred." In harmony with these principles and with the rights secured by these constitutions, we chose to obey God in keeping the seventh day of the week as commanded in his unchangeable law, in preference to the "first day of the week commonly called Sunday," as commanded by a man made statute. The French National Crisis. WITH the return of the exiled Dreyfus to France and his retrial by court martial, a crisis will be reached not only in the case which the court martial will consider, but in the experience of the French republic. That this is so is appreciated by those who have noted the extent and intensity of the anti-Dreyfus feeling in the high mil-itary circles of the French army, and the significant language in which certain military authorities have re-ferred to the coming trial. The Sun, of this city, ques-tions whether a military "coup d'etat" will not be at-tempted, and says:Š "That was an ominous speech which was made on Sunday in Paris by General Mercier, who, as having been minister of war at the time, is chiefly responsible for the wrongful sentence of which Dreyfus was the victim. He could not predict, he said, whether a government willing-to overawe the new court-martial, which would try Dreyfus, would be formed, but he knew that no court martial would accept a judgment dictated by any gov-ernment. To himself he referred as a 'soldier who did his duty in 1894, and who was firmly resolved to do his duty in 1899.' These declarations, uttered as they were during a grave ministerial crisis, can have had no other purposes but, first, to impugn the motives of the Cabinet which the friends of President Loubet were trying to. form, and secondly, to threaten it with a military coup d'etat, should it strive to perform its duty by s( curing an impartial tribunal for the second trial of Dreyfus, and thus give rightful effect to the judgment of the Court of Cassation. . . "The crisis, we repeat, is serious in an exceptional degree, because the generals who have been concerned in the Dreyfus affair have to choose between disgrace and treason, and because a majority of the present Chamber-of Deputies is still at heart against Dreyfus, notwith-standing the decision of the Court of Cassation. The-Chamber might, therefore, protest with vehemence against a dissolution of Parliament, stigmatizing the-act as an attempt to stifle the authentic voice of the republic, and thus give the conspirators precisely what they need, a specious pretext for a military coup,  d'Otat. . . . 