THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 117 The persecution through which our forefathers passed opened their eyes to the dangers threat-ened by the union of Church and State, and hence the solicitude they manifested, who had suffered most at the hands of the established church, to see that the Constitution guaranteed religious liberty to all. There will be no limit to religious intolerance if once you succeed in uniting Church and State. But what is our country coming to, ask these advocates of Sunday legislation, if we thus allow the people to do as they please on Sunday? I know not. But what are we going to do as Christians? they ask. Simply do our duty in preaching the gospel, and in setting a, good ex-ample, will increase a strong public sentiment in favor of righteousness and sobriety. To attempt to compel men to observe Sunday and attend church, is to try to advance the kingdom of Christ by the sword, which the dear Master con-demned; saying: "My kingdom is not of this world; if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight." And when Peter seized the sword and struck in his Master's de-fense, he said: "Put up thy sword into the sheath, for all they that take the sword, shall perish with the sword." How long think you would it be in this coun-try,if a law were enacted to enforce Sunday ob-servance and the attendance of religious worship in the house of God, before blood would begin to flow ? There would be no end to revolution and rebellion by and by. Our country would be torn to pieces by factions, and these factions would get into power, and Christians would be persecuted to the death. Before you vote to incorporate a Sunday law into the Constitution of these United States, read the history of the past on this point of the union of Church and State, and then oppose any such measure by all the power that you, as free men, can wield. As a nation, we are not ready to take a step backward a hundred years. We are not ready to place our liberties into the hands . of any church or combination of churches, under the name of the " American Sabbath Union." The Lord deliver us from all laws that tend in any way to bind the consciences of men. Bap-tists and others worked too 'hard in the early formation of our grand old Constitution to now surrender the whole thing into the hands of those who, like Uzzah, put forth their hand to steady the ark of God. When a nation does that, like _Uzzah, it will perish. God's cause is not dependent on the legislation of any Government to keep it from ruin. The Sabbath and its sacredness are not de-pendent on the secular arm to make its observ-ance binding on the consciences of men. Com-pulsion never did and never will bring men into harmony with God and his laws: Such harmony, if secured at all, must begin in the heart, im-planted by the Spirit of God, and men must act willingly from love to Gdd, or there can be no obedience. Liberty of conscience, and liberty of action in matters of religion, is the birthright of every American, and has been guaranteed under the Constitution of our glorious republic. Let us not surrender that birthright through fear that the country, by Sunday desecration, will go to ruin. If Christians do their duty in the family, the society, and the church of which they are members, there need be no fear for the welfare and.'giaety qf our country. A Frantic Appeal. THE Denver Times of March 12 contains a specimen of the lengths to which certain religion-ists wish to have this country go, and of the reckless-ness of their assertions in trying to make Church and State union seem necessary. One H. Martyn Hart, who is called " Dean Hart," and is said to be running a parochial school in that city, al-though whether Episcopalian or Roman Catho-lic we do not know, has an article in which, by a skillful manipulation of figures, he demonstrates that "we have gradually sunk" into a "fearful condition of immorality." By putting the pop-ulation of the State at about one-half what it act-ually is, and by multiplying by three the number of persons now in prison, no matter how trivial their offense, he arrives at the absurd conjecture that the criminal record of Colorado is worse than that of the Bowery in New York or the Seven Dials in London. Now see what he gives as the cause of this state of affairs, and his remedy for it :Š " Now, sir, I have no hesitation in saying that the public-school system is alone to blame for this shameful condition of morality. The maudlin sen-timentality which in its silly ignorance cries out against 'Bible teaching,' has had its cry, and we now demand that the other side shall be heard. "Why, sir, if this goes in for ten more years, the whole of the generation will be in prison! Let the ten commandments be a daily part of the school curriculum. There is no denominationalism in them. And even if there were, I would rather have my child in the Methodist society than in the Reformatory at Golden. And Father Carr will tell you the same. " But this pernicious nonsense of teaching morals through history, opening schools with extracts' from standard American authors, must cease, and cease at once. Let the children recite the ten commandments, and let them be taught out of some short text-book the extended meaning of those condensed sentences. " Let the motives for keeping the command-ments be instilled in them,Šthe blessing which righteousness brings to this life, and the sure and certain judgment which awaits the unrepentant offender at the Judgment bar of the great King. "Away with the twaddle of the ignoramuses. I believe they call themselves agnostics.' They have had their way long enough ; now let sense and self-respect prevail, lest we all become crim-inals together." That is to say that the public-school system is worse than nothing ; that its tendency is to pro-duce criminals at a greater rate than the slums of the large cities, where there are no schools. If National Reformers want people of sense to in-dorse their project of religious teaching by the State, they would do well to suppress such wild calculators as H. Martyn Hart. His mode of reckoning, and his conclusion that in ten years the whole generation will be in prison, is like Mark Twain's humorous calculation by which he demonstrated, from the shortening of the Missis-sippi River by cut-offs, that in the next century the river would have shrunk so much that Cairo and New Orleans would be one city. Let the children be taught the ten command-ments, says Mr. Hart. " There is no denomina-tionalism in them," says he. No ; neither is there any denominationalism in the Bible, yet a good many denominations profess to find authority in it for all their conflicting views; and no man can teach the Bible without giving it the mould of his opinions. Now we believe in the Bible, and the ten commandments ; we think it would be a grand thing if everybody would study them ; but  we do not think that enforced study of them, even if only correct ideas were taught, would be of any value. When the State says that a man has no right to choose for himself by whose opinions of the Bible he will be influenced, it says that he shall not hold his own opinions. For the State to give Bible instruction in its schools, es-pecially out of some short text-book giving " the extended meaning of those short sentences" of the ten commandments, would be to say that no person has a right to study the Bible for himself. Are the American people ready for a despotism which shall attempt to control their thoughts ? We make our appeal to Christian peopleŠto those who revere the Bible. We claim that they are the ones who should be the most interested in keeping Church and State separateŠin keep-ing the Bible from being the plaything of politicians, and religion from being a thing of compulsion. If they do not want to see the Bi-ble banished from the homes, as it was in the Dark Ages, then let them take a decided stand against the pretended teaching of it in the public schools. The W. C. T. U. and the Papacy. SOME time ago Miss Willard replied to an open letter addressed to her by Mrs. Lucinda B. Chan-dler, of Chicago. The letter was concerning the religio-political tendency of the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, and Mrs. Chandler, deeming the points not met by Miss Willard, wrote a rejoinder, and sent it to the New York Independent, in which Miss Willard's letter was published. That paper refused the rejoinder, which was afterwards published in the Labor En-quirer. Following is a portion of the letter to Miss Willard :Š DEAR SISTER AND FRIEND : In your letter re-plying to mine, published in another sheet, I rec-ognize what was already my conviction, that you are working from an ideal that is in your own life an absorbing motive power, and that the practical measures you propose in politics are recommended from a mistaken standpoint. Were the member-ship of Christian churches, of all shades of belief, Catholic and Protestant, as thoroughly devoted to practical righteousness, and as sincerely conse-crated to human welfare, as yourself, the statement made at the annual convention at Nashville, and given in the open letter in the Independent, would be in order simply as a rallying call to faithful souls, an inspiration to zeal, and void of anything implying danger. But that resolution does not represent the mean-ing and animus of the resolutions to which I re-ferred in my first open letter, written before the Nashville convention. The Vermont State W. C. T. U. led, in the fol-lowing resolution : "That we believe Christ as the author and head of government should be recog-nized in all political platforms, and by all socie-ties, and we will rejoice to see the day in which a political party distinctly gives such recognition." The New York convention " recommended to the W. C. T. U. of this State that they make ur-gent request of all political parties to this end." Five other States fell into line with identical res-olutions, and Ohio added a resolution "heartily approving the aims of the National Reform Asso-ciation." The aim of the National Reform Association being to amend the United States Constitution by 