THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 19 that matter. Woe, worth the day, and thrice woe to, the people, when the religious power can compel the civil. And that is precisely what this Elgin Sunday-law Convention pro-poses to do. It would seem from Dr. Mandeville's cita-tion of the example of Nehemiah that they intend to set up a theocracy here. If not, there is no force in his argument, from that instance. But from the following it is quite certain that that is what they have- in view. PTA C. A. Blanchard said:Š "In this work we are undertaking for the Sabbath, we are representatives of the Lord God." Therefore it follows that when they vote to support those candidates and political officers `who will pledge themselves, etc., they will vote as the representatives of God. And if any of themselves should secure votes enough to send them to the Legislature or to Con-gress, they would go there and legislate as representatives of God. And when they get into their hands the power to enforce the law, and to compel the civil power to do their bidding, they will do it all as the representa-tives of God. And thus again it is demon-strated that if these influential "political Christians" once get the Sunday laws for which they are so diligently working, we shall have in this Nation a living image of the . Papacy. And again we say the only safety is _in not letting them secure the enactment of any sort of a _Sunday law, nor anything else through which they may dominate the civil power. NOTE.ŠWe have not selected all these quo-tations about the religious Sabbath, and-left out what was said about the civil Sabbath. We have carefully read the whole report, and we state it as the literal truth that outside of the resolutions, there is not in all the report a single sentence about a civil Sabbath. It is all religious and that only. And yet, just like the California Sunday-law Convention, when it came to putting the thing in form to get votes, and legislation they deftly insert the word "civil." All this goes to show what we have often stated, that there is no such thing as a civil Sabbath; and it shows that these men do not really intend to secure, nor to enforce, a "civil" Sunday-law, but a religious one wholly. A. T. J. Ł Political Piety. Mn. FROUDE tells us that in the age of Julius Omar, "public men spoke conventionally of Providence, that they might throw on their opponents, the odium of impiety." Among the many things in our own day which show a tendency to the same results that followed the age of Caesar, this is not an exception. It is, becoming common now for aspiring politi-cians to make capital for themselves by pre-tending that their opponents do not show proper respect to God, when they themselves have no more respect for him than has any other worshiper of mammon. A mass-meet-ing was held lately in San Francisco to work up legislation for the further restriction of Chinese immigration. State Senator T. J.  Clunie made the principal speech, and one of his grand arguments against the Chinese be- ing admitted to this country, was, that "they don't worship our God." But they have an excellent reason for that; and that is, They can't vote. If only the Chinese could vote we have not the least doubt that many of them would be just as ardent worshipers of the god of the San Francisco politicians as is Mr. Clunie himself. Another instance is that in which United States Senator John Sherman, in antagonizing President Cleveland's opinions on the tariff, endeavored to throw upon the President " the odium of impiety," by stating that in his an-nual message to Congress he was so anxious to display his view of the tariff question, that he not only departed from the uniform custom of giving a view of the state of the country and its relations with foreign powers, but even failed to "make any mention of the Su-preme Being." We have yet to learn that Senator Sherman's respect for the Supreme Be-ing is any more particularly conspicuous than is President Cleveland's. And we are quite certain that President Cleveland's act in send-ing a State paper to Congress without any mention of the Supreme Being, is just as com-patible with respect for Him, as is Mr. Sher-man's effort to make of it political capital with which to influence votes. si 40 Public Schools Must Not Go. Two battles are now being fought, the issues of which are vital to the welfare of this republic. Saloons must go and public schools must not. If the Roman Catholic authorities fought sa-loons, as they do the schools, the country would feel easier. They are now fighting the schools with a vigor and ingenuity worthy of the darkest ages. In this region they seek to break up our system by merely asking for a portion of the public money to use in educat-ing children in their own way. They would kindly permit other religionists to do the same, and thus destroy all common education by making it sectarian. This sacrifice is de-manded in order to keep the children from growing up to be infidel and irreligious. They declare that Protestants ought to join with them in this demand, for the sake of protecting their own religious interests. We cannot for one moment yield to the timid judgment of those Protestants who favor this policy. Roman Catholics mean by " in-fidelity . andŁ irreligion," just what Protestants mean by "religious freedom of opinion and worship." All this sort of thing is called " in-fidelity " by Romanism and lamented as soul-destroying. They hate our public schools just because thiS common education tends to break down religious distinctions, and ecclesiastical exclusiveness, and all spiritual despotism of every kind whatever. They stigmatize the schools as godless, but their real, practical grievance is that any education which is not positively and persistently Romanist, tends to lessen the moral and spirittial domination of the. Roman Church. It is entirely natural and inevitable that they should do all in their  power to break down this system of general education, to get a share of the public money to use for their own benefit, as the only way to maintain themselves in this atmosphere of general intelligence and religious freedom. Is there any reason or justice or expedi-ency why the people should yield to this de- mand? Are the people of these United States to blame if our system of public education, prepared on the broadest possible principles, working harmoniously with the most hetero-geneous of populations, proves to be unfavor-able to a foreign religion, whose infallible head, up to the last hour of his authority, ruled with absolute proscription of all religious liberty? This body of religionists, that never pro-fesses respect for others where it dares to re-veal its sentiments, comes here to say that our common education is distasteful, that it makes its own progress difficult, that it develops in-subordination even among its priests, and that consequently the Government must change its methods, educate its children according to the various religions-  that prevail in the commu-nity, and thus make peace by making .Roman-ists, Spiritualists, Presbyterians, and many other varieties of worshipers. This is sheer impudence with no element of justice in it. They inform our Government that, representing 200,000,000 of people in Spain, South America, Italy, and other coun-tries, they do not like our American way of teaching the young. In that it is not Roman teaching, it is irreligious. "Let us teach our children in our own way." In reply, the Gov-ernment, which is our people, says: "You are at liberty to teach your children just how and when and where you wish. But you cannot have a share of the public money; you can-not use our public buildings; you cannot break up our system; you cannot destroy the power of this Government to give all children born under it a foundation of general teaching which it knows and controls, and which it be-lieves to be most productive of general en-lightenment and genuine civil and religious liberty. This system is splendidly adapted to the wants of sixty millions, and it is your misfortune if you have a faith that cannot en-dure the strain of such an instrument. It is simply monstrous that you should. demand in the name of justice and liberty that this-Gov-ernment assist you in bringing up your chil-dren in a way that you consider more desirable than theirs." . . . Our citizens . . . do not realize how the Romanists who drive their children out of the schools, at the same time strain every nerve to get their teachers into them. Read the names of the teachers in the public schools of New York, and it is a revelation. If they are indeed "ir-religious," then Romanists must be very " ir-religious " teachers. When we roused the spirit of the people of this State to such an extent that John Morrisey, the gambling-house proprietor and ex-prize-fighter in the assembly, was very glad to withdraw the. "Gray Nun" Bill, it was the victory of the people over a Romanist attack on our Normal School. This bill made a Roman Catholic establish-- 