374 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. by his persecuting neighbors and the authorities of Obion County, he would not have been so wide of the truth. How-ever we are glad to know that there are in Tennessee those who are alive to the outrages being perpetrated there in the name of Law and Order, and who are ready to protest against such judicial wickedness. C. P. B. Repeal Sunday Closing Legislation. THE World's Fair Sunday Opening As-sociation is actively engaged in securing the expression of the will of the people on the question of repealing the act of Congress closing the Exposition Sunday. Mr. Thompson, Secretary of the organiz-ation, who returned from a trip to the Eastern cities this week, says that the sentiment of the people of that section on the question of repealing the act is quite as strong as it is in Chicago. This is true of Boston,New York, Washington, and Philadelpia. George W. Childs, the philanthropist, expressed himself as strongly in favor of having the Exposition at Chicago open Sunday. Mr. Childs was of the opinion that the Philadelphia Exposition being closed Sunday was a mistake that should not be repeated in Chicago. Other pub-lic men of Philadelphia are ardently in favor of repealing the act closing the Fair. Petitions for an open Fair Sunday will be showered upon Congress to a greater extent than that body has ever before known. These petitions will come from every State and city in the Union. They will come from ministers, bankers, clubs, hotel keepers, and labor organizations. One unique feature of the work being done by the association is an effort to gauge public sentiment on the question. Postal cards have been sent to a certain number of men from "Dun's Reference Book" without discrimination or selec-tion. So many to every city of the United States of the population of not less than 4,000 or more than 10,000 inhabitants. These cards were mailed with a circular asking for immediate response. Nothing whatever was given to prejudice the vote. The result was encouraging. From the first 1,000 sent out the answers indicate that four out of every five persons in the United States desire a repeal of the Sunday closing act. The special com-mittee under whose auspices these cards were sent outŠcomposed of James A. Sexton, Mayor Washburne, the Rev. Dr. Thomas, and James W. ScottŠwill certify as to the returns. LABOR UNIONS WILL ASSIST. The labor organizations of the city will supplement the work by complete and effective work. Mr. Morgan of the Trade and Labor Assembly, in connection with a number of other labor leaders, will spare no means to secure petitions from every organization in the country. In addition to these, resolutions will be passed and sent to the congressmen and senators. It is expected that the municipal gov-ernment will take decisive action upon the question, inasmuch as the Exposition is given under the direct auspices of the city, and further, that hundreds of thou-sands of visitors from foreign nations and sister cities will be depending upon the hospitality of Chicago. Further, the Ex-position being closed Sundays these peo-ple will be compelled to drift aimlessly in the streets, or fall victims to the inevit- able evils of a large and overcrowded city. Chicago's reputation for hospitality will be at stake in this matter, and conse-quently this feature is of great impor-tance. No active campaign will be made by the Exposition to induce Congress to re-peal the act, although it is well known that a bill for that purpose will be intro-duced. They will give their moral sup-port to the association, and aid it in any way consistent with their position in hav-ing accepted the appropriation with the condition of Sunday closing. Colonel Thompson gives assurance that there is little fear of the result being favorable to the Sunday opening cause. After De-cember 1st he will make his headquarters in Washington at Willard's. Persons who sympathize with the ob-jects of this association can obtain from the secretary of the association at No. 160 Adams Street, pamphlets and printed mat-ter in relation to the same. All inquiries upon the subject will be promptly an-swered, and every assistance rendered to bring about co-operation in various parts of the country.ŠChicago Tribune. An Old Sunday Law Enforced. THE Washington Post of November 22 has this item of news :Š John Curtis, a respectable-looking colored boy, was arrested on Sunday for carrying a shotgun along the street. District Attorney Mullowney refused to make out a charge against him for carry-ing concealed weapons, but the policeman who made the arrest was not to be balked, and carry-ing his prisoner into Judge Kimball's court, had him fined $3 under the old levy court law for carry-ing a gun "with the apparent intention of hunt-ing on the Sabbath." There is also an old Sunday law in the District of Columbia which providesŠ That no person whatsoever shall work or do any bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, and that no person having children, ser-vants, or slaves, shall command, or wittingly or willingly suffer any of them to do any manner of work or labor on the Lord's day (works of necessity and charity always excepted), nor shall suffer or permit any children, servants or slaves, to profane the Lord's day by gaming, fishing, fowling, hunt-ing, or unlawful pastimes or recreations; and that every person transgressing this act, and being thereof convict by the oath of one sufficient wit-ness, or confession of the party before a single magistrate, shall forfeit two hundred pounds of tobacco, to be levied and applied as aforesaid. Another old statute inherited by the Dis-trict from Maryland, has this provision:Š That if any persons shall hereafter, within this province, wittingly, maliciously, and advisedly, by writing or speaking, blaspheme or curse God, or deny our Saviour Jesus Christ to be the Son of God, or shall deny the Holy Trinity, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, or the Godhead of any of the three persons, or the unity of the Godhead, or shall utter any profane words concerning the Holy Trinity, or any of the persons thereof, and shall be thereof convict by verdict, or confession, shall for the first offense, be bored through the tongue and fined twenty pounds sterling to the lord pro-prietor to be applied to the use of the county where the offense shall be committed, to be levied on the offender's body, goods and chattels, lands or tenements, and in case the said fine can not be levied, the offender to suffer six months' imprison-ment without bail or mainprise : and that for the second offense, the offender being thereof convict as aforesaid, shall be stigmatized by burning in the forehead with the letter B and fined forty pounds sterling to the lord proprietor, to be applied and levied as aforesaid, and in case the same can not be levied, the offender shall suffer twelve months' imprisonment without bail or mainprise ; and that for the third offense, the offender being convict as aforesaid, shall suffer death without the benefit of the clergy. It behooves "respectable looking colored boys " in the District of Columbia to be a little careful in these days of reviving Puritanism and of official zeal for reli-gious institutions, NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. A LEADING article in the Arena for December is entitled, " Religious Intolerance in the Repub-lic: Christians Persecuting Christians in Ten-nessee." THE Cincinnati Post of November 18 has the fol-lowing:Š MAYSVILLE, Ky., Nov. 18. ŠThe Mason County Grand Jury returned indictments Wednesday night against nearly all the barber shops, cigar stores, and clothing houses in this city for keeping open on Sunday. THOSE who have back numbers of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, Signs of the Times, Review and Herald, Youth's Instructor, or Little Friend, can have these idle papers put to active use by sending them, post-paid, to A. D. Guthrie, Librarian Se-attle Tract and Missionary Society. 309 Poplar Street, Seattle, Washington. The society wishes these papers for its depot and ship work. THE pastors of the different churches of the city of Atlanta, Ga., met recently and organized an auxiliary of the American Sabbath Union. On the same day a bill was introduced in the Georgia Legislature to make the reading of the Bible in all public schools compulsory. Such schools as fail to comply with this require-ment are to be deprived of their pro rata appor-tionment of the public school fund. IN its issue of November 16, under the head, "New Jersey Blue Laws Enforced," the Daily Times of Middletown, N. Y., has this item from Hackensack, N. J.:Š  Mrs. Elizabeth Berry and Garry Storms were brought to the jail here to serve four days each for violating the Sunday law. They reside at Wood-cliff, and were arrested on complaint of Martin J. Meyers, a farmer of that place, who charged them with husking corn on Sunday." THE Chicago Herald prefaces a report of an ad-dress delivered in the Marlowe Opera House, Englewood, on the afternoon of Sunday, Nov. 6, with this paragraph:Š " Rev. A. T. Jones is among the most ardent of the divines who oppose the action of Congress in ordering thit the Columbian Exposition be closed on Sundays. He delivered a statesmanlike address on the measure at the Marlowe Opera House, Sixty-third Street and Stewart Avenue, yesterday afternoon. He treated his subject from the standpoint of constitutionality rather than directly from the assertion that the Exposition should be open." A FRIEND in Sierra Leone, says in a private letter that " the ministers of the various denominations and other gentlemen waited on the governor with a memorial, praying fora better observance of the Lord's day,' and more especially to prohibit ves-sels from landing here on Sunday, or to discharge or load their cargoes." What would be the result of the " praying " to the governor, our correspond-ent was not able to tell at the time of his writing. So in far off Africa as well as in this country, the ministers, who above all others should be praying to the Lord for help in the work to which they have been ordained, are "praying the governor." Will so-called Christians ever learn that their strength is in God and not in governors? THE Chronicle, of Bath, England, on Novem-ber 3, contained a column and a half report of a sermon from a rector of the established church in defense of church establishment. Following this was a full account of the annual meeting of the Bath branch of the Lord's Day Observance So-ciety. Immediately succeeding these two articles, 