THE A.AzIERICA.N SENTINEL. 163 and diligently inculcate upon their minds, respect fel. the rights of every other person. This is the perfect principle of civil government, and if every person in the United States would recognize this prin-ciple and practice accordingly, this would be a perfect civil Government. The recog-nition of this principle and the intelligent understanding of it, ought to be made, not only the public school instruction upon citizenship, but the qualification for citi-zenship in the naturalization of all who make application for admission. When a person acts in anything, in such a way as to interfere with the free exercise, by any other person, of his right to life, liberty, or the pursuit of happiness, then he denies the principle upon which the Gov-ernment itself rests, and thereby under-mines his own civil safety and in effect forfeits his right to it. Because, as rights are equal, what one has the right to do, another has an equal right to do. If one claims the right to act in such a way as to interfere with the free exercise of another's right to life, liberty, or the pursuit of happiness, then all have an equal right to do the, same thing, and if all should do that, then all government would be gone and only anarchy reign. Therefore, as the Government is established to secure the equal inalienable rights of men no one can invade the rights of another, to any degree, without at once striking at the foundation of the Government itself. Let these principles be taught to the youth of the country, in the public schools, and there will be much more success in the effort to secure good citizens, than there is in the plans and the teaching now employed. As it is now, these principles are neglected if not ignored, and by an attempt to inculcate what is called morals, neither morality nor good citizenship is secured. As we have shown in the dis-cussion of Mr. Bierbower's book, which we have since learned is used in the Chicago public schools, such teaching can never secure good citizenship. The basis of it all is selfishness only, and as we showed at the time is essentially pagan. But this is not the only instance. The same system of ethics is inculcated in other schools of the country. In the city of Greenville, Michigan, the youth are taught, just as Bierbower's book teaches, that whatever they think to be right that is right, and that when the Hindoo mother throws her child into the river Ganges, she does right. (This case was actually used in illustration in a class in that school.) Such teaching as that is open heathenism, and the more of it that is believed by men, the worse they will be. hoW can good citizenship be in-culcated better, or in any other way in fact, than by teaching the principles of the government to which the citizen belongs ? This is plain enough in itself. Therefore, as the principles of the United States  Government are the best on earth, the faithful teaching of these principles will secure the best citizenship. Let the prin-ciples of the Declaration of Independence and of the Constitution of the United States be taught in the public schools, and let questions and principles of morality and religion be considered and taught in and by the family and the Church. Question 7. ŠWhen the teacher punishes a pupil for fighting, lying, swearing, or stealing, does he not employ the most emphatic method of teaching morality ? Answer.ŠIndeed he does not. Morality never can be secured by punishment. The Lord himself can not make men moral by punishment. To bring men to morality by punishment, is the Augustinian, the inquisitorial, the papal, the purgatorial theory. Augustine's doctrine is that often it is necessary to punish men until they reach the highest stage of religious de-velopment. That is the theory and the doctrine of the Inquisition. Therefore it was always from love of men's souls and to save their souls that the Inquisition tormented men's bodies. And as a good many people died in this world before the Inquisition could get hold of them, it was necessary to find a place, and invent a scheme of punishment after they were dead, so that they might reach this highest standard of religious development; in other words that they might attain to morality, and so purgatory, with its reme-dies for immorality, was established, and is still run as one of the institutions of papal morality. If men could have been made moral by punishment then Christ need never have died. Our querist is probably correct in his idea that this is the most " emphatic" method of teaching morality, but it is certainly not the most efficient method. Nor is it in fact any method at all properly speaking. No, as we have before shown, men have lost morality by the transgres-sion of the law of God, and there is no power in them to attain to it. Conse-quently, the only power by which they can attain to it, is the power of God which is manifested to men in the gospel of Jesus Christ. Morality is the gift of God through faith in 'Jesus Christ, and the writing of the law of God anew upon the heart by the Spirit of God which is re-ceived by faith in Christ, the shedding abroad of the love of God in the heart by the Holy Ghost, is the only effectual means of bringing men to morality, and the only proper method of teaching morality. Punishment is the penalty inflicted in vindication of the majesty of violated law, but punishment neither changes the disposition, nor bestows power. The love of God does both. Even if it should be admitted, however, that punishment is an element of moral instruction and a means of inculcating morality, it would still remain a fact that the exercise of it is not the prerogative of  man. That would pertain to God alone as being the only one who is capable of truly knowing the measure of moral guilt and the proportion of punishment. Man's assumption of authority to punish for im-morality, established the Inquisition, and that is the logic of every such claim wherever made. Question 8.ŠDoes not the teacher of necessity teach morality when he gives instruction from our text books on physiology, and hygiene, which in-cludes the dire effect of alcohol on the human system, the necessity of cleanliness, bad effects of tight lacing, etc. ? Answer.ŠHe does not. A man may study physiology and hygiene all his school days; he may never touch a drop of alcohol; he may bathe three times a day and put on clean clothes each time; he may never wear a corset; he may do all these things and yet be far from being a moral man. In fact, so far as men are concerned, tight lacing we apprehend is not a very important element in the im-morality which attaches to them. Nor is it essential that women shall practice tight lacing in order to be immoral. It is true that if a person has the root and the elements of morality in him, the instruc-tion referred to may be helpful in cultiva-ting it; but if he has it not in him then none of these things nor all of them to-gether, can give it to him, and a teacher is not teaching morality when lie gives instruction on these points. Question 9.ŠDoes not the teacher of necessity teach morality when he teaches the principles of justice as connected with the republican form of Government which is framed on the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States ? Answer.ŠHe does not. He teaches only civility. Because the principle of justice connected with any government on earth is only such as is comprehended by men, and is therefore only human. And this principle, as connected with the form of government which is framed on the Decla-ration of Independence and the Constitu-tion of the United States, the teaching of the principle, and the practice of the principle never can get beyond the grade of civility. It is the principle of justice comprehended by God which is alone divine and which is up to the standard of -morality. God's justice is in itself mo-rality; but civil government, which rests upon the natural basis which is conducted only on man's comprehension of the prin-ciple of justice, can never get beyond the civil. Therefore civil government is all any earthly government ever can be, and it should not attempt to be anything else. For in attempting to be more, it always becomes less. We know that in many instances naen use the term morality when they mean just what we mean by the term civility. When such is t,lie meaning in their use of the term, we agree with all that they say about it; but we never can consent to call it morality-. Morality is infinitely a deeper 