78 THE AMEIRICAN SENTINEL. compelled him to accept its choice? Again, how can God give a person credit for making a good choice, when the fact is he was compelled to do it? A few months ago, some greedy monopolists got a " corner " on wheat, by means of which they took away the civil rights and the property of a good many citizens. We regard this as a great wrong; but what shall we say when Christians begin to combine and petition to, Legislatures for a "corner" on religion? Yet this is exactly what they are doing. Within a few weeks nearly seven millions of people have placed their names on a petition asking Congress to pass a stringent ;cational Sunday law, thus compelling every man to observe a religious institution whether he has any religion in his heart or not, and compelling him to accept that particular kind of religion which the National Legislature prescribes, without consulting his own reason or conscience in the matter. [It is probable that the writer had not had an opportunity to learn the facts about that petition when he wrote this. Seven millions of people have not placed their names to a petition asking Congress to pass a Sunday law, and no such number of individual signatures will' ever be secured to any such petition. The number of actual signers to the Sunday-law petition number even now only a few thousands at most. The vast number which was reported was secured by what they call "representative indorsement," and that kind of representation is simply misrepresentation. ŠED. SENTINEL.] The Presbyterian Sunday-school Quarterly, in lesson for November 25, says, " We are free to accept or reject God's service." This is true now, but will not be if Senator Blair's Sunday bill is passed. The same lesson says also that "the power of choice is given each of us, and we alone are responsible for its use." When church members petition to Congress for a Sunday law, or any other law to compel people to show respect for religion, it is a pitiable acknowledgment that they have a kind of relig-ion which cannot stand competition ; or else that they have wandered so far from God that they no longer have his power to aid them in their work, and so they are obliged to petition for civil power to take the place of that they have lost. They are "having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof;" and they want to compel others to do the same.ŠA. Delos Wescott, in Weekly Patrol. .•Ł1.  Un-Christian Methods of Professed Christians. TIIE Rev. Dr. Withrow, who is the leading spirit in the Chicago movement to secure Sunday observance by law, was interviewed by a Tribune reporter the day before the great meeting in Mu-sic Hall, when he said : " I do not believe that the foreignersŠso-calledŠare opposed to a Christian observance of the Sabbath." In that one sentence he showed the animus of the whole thingŠit is the "Christian observance of the Sabbath" that they want, and the interests of the church are the great ends kept in view. He says that he does not believe that foreign-ers are opposed to a Christian observance of the Sabbath. Neither do we. In fact, we don't know of anybody who is opposed to a Christian observance of the Sabbath. We are not, by any means. But we are decidedly opposed to have unchristian observance of the Sabbath, such as would be ._secured by a civil Sunday law. A " Christian observance of the Sabbath" would be, waiving all discussion as to which day is the Sab-bath, the observance of the Sabbath by Chris-tians, on purely Christian grounds, namely, the commandment of the Lord. Nobody is opposed to this. Christians may keep Sabbath as strictly as they please, and they may take whichever day they please as the Sabbath, and nobody will ob-ject. Nobody could hinder them from so doing, even if they did object. But when professed Christians attempt to have the State compel all men to observe theSabbath, no matter what religion they profess, or whether they profess at all, then whatever Christian-ity there may be in the observance of the day vanishes. There is no Christianity in en-forced compliance with any religious custom, no matter how proper that custom may be. We remember reading the remark of an inhabitant of Rhode Island, who, in Puritan days, chanced to stray over the line into Connecticut, and saw a man being whipped for non-attendance at church. It was a new experience to the man who was acquainted only with the true Christian theory of civil government as set forth by Roger 'Williams, and, settling himself in his saddle, so as to be able to save himself by instant flight, he said to the persecutors : "You serve the Lord as though the devil was in you." We have often thought of the aptness of that remark, and we cannot help thinking of it when men talk about enforcing the Chris-tian observance of the Sabbath, and of treating as traitors all who do not subscribe to their creed in that respect. A Good Protest. IT is most encouraging to see how the people generally are becoming aroused over the subject of religious legislation. It shows that the spirit of the Reformation is not wholly dead yet. There are many who utter manly protests to the spirit which would turn this Government into an ad-junct of the Pope of Rome. This matter has be-come one of the leading questions of the day, as is shown by the prominence given it by the sec-ular press, both editorially and by communica-tions. The following is the latter half of an article in the Fresno (Cal.) Expositor of January 17, upon the subject of "The Blair Bills:"Š "Another ground of protest we have to present is that both these bills are unchristian. That is, they are contrary to the teachings of Christ, in whose name and for whose glory they are presented. Jesus never authorized his church to legislate in his name. He never left any credentials behind empowering his followers in any churchly capacity to force his institutions and his doctrines upon the people. We have the commission to his ministers given quite plainly in Matt. 28:19, 20, and else-where. They were to teach the nations and bap-tize. But no one was to be baptized unless he be-lieved, and no one to believe and be baptized unless he saw fit, and no one was to be taught un-less he chose; but the Blair scheme proposes to teach people whether they choose or not; they want the power of Government behind them so they can corral the people and teach them whether they will or will not. This is the gospel with a venge-ance, indeed. Whether or not they propose to baptize those whom they teach, and make them join the church, the bill does not inform us. Cer-tain it is, however, if they have the right to do the one they have the right to do the rest. "Whoso-ever will," says Jesus. Rev. 22:17. This is the di-vine key-note. The apostles caught the spirit of their Master and said,. "Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord we persuademen." 2 Cor. 5:11.  Yes, persuade men. And again, "The weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds." 2 Cor. 10:4. "Senator Blair's weapon is coercion (tolerably carnal), and is mighty, through the legal arm, to the pulling down of civil and religious liberty. "We take the stand that Congress has no right to pass a Sunday law. This is legislating in favor of establishing religion and religious institutions. This Congress has no right to do. We do not believe in the divine right of kings and Congresses. Those who are so forward to help the Lord in his own business, would better attend to their own affairs and take a course of lessons in common modesty. Civil gov-ernment has no more right to pass laws in the in-terest of Sunday than it has to pass laws in the in-terest of baptism or psalm singing. Congress has the same right to decree that everybody shall keep Sunday, or Saturday, or Monday, or any other day, as it has to decree that everybody shall be baptized and make a public profession of religion [and no more]. To civil government we say, Hands off re-ligion. Look to the happiness, material prosperity, and moral and social rights of the citizen, and you will fulfill the ends of your existence. As to relig-ion, the United States Senate long ago said: 'Our Constitution recognizes no other power but persua-sion for enforcing religious observances.' "Roger Williams, banished for his Baptist princi-ples, said: The public or the magistrates may de-cide what is due from men to men, but when they attempt to prescribe a man's duty to God they are out of place, and there can be no safety.' All of this we respectfully commend to Senator Blair and his friends. Would that our words could be transformed into trumpet tones, that the people of this Nation might be aroused to the danger germi-nant in these bills. This hateful, meddling spirit bears with it the same old ear-marks that attached to ecclesiastical despotism all along the way from Constantine the Great down to and through the twelve centuries of Popish domination, and from Star Chamber times and Salem withcraft courts on to the end of the chapter. We protest, and repeat, There is dange in the Blair measures, although they are of Protestant birth, and in the tutorage of Protestant ecclesiastics! Ł "Friends of civil and religious liberty every-where, PROTEST! PROTEST!! PROTEST!!! "We are not alarmed over a small matter. Every despotism that ever cursed the world began in an innocent way, but the beginning was not the end." ..Ł»  OUR correspondent from the Louisville Prohi-bition Conference says of Rev. Green Clay Smith: "From his address, and also from a private con-versation I had with him, I learned that he and many others of the Prohibition party are opposed to the policy they are running into, of favoring civil laws to compel the observance of religious institutions. He, with many others, is heartily in favor of prohibition being carried in connection with good civil government, but does not want the party to set itself up as the advocate of civil law to compel religious observance." IN opening the recent Chicago Sunday-law meeting, Dr. J. L. Withrow said: How many people in Chicago, if it was put to a vote, would vote that there should be no Sabbath? How big a vote could you get on that side of the question? A very small one. Very well, we shall only ask that unnecessary labor shall be stopped on that day, and that places productive of crime and debauchery shall at least be closed one day in the week. What man can afford to refuse us this?" Surely this is but a little thing. Even the keepers of the places productive of crime and debauchery ought to be willing to divide the time with these men. All they ask for is a monopoly of the Sunday, and they are willing to grant the dive keepers a monopoly of the other six days of the week. Is it not a little thing? 