AM   014:IC AN i4VNTINVIt,., Vol,. 9, No. . forth clad in immortality. ".And there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain; for the former things Ł are passed away." t C. P. B. Ł ŁŁ-Ł  Why Not Accept the Responsibility? THE Independent, of Dec. 28, in its 'editorial rdsumd of " The Year Among the Churches," has this paragraph :Š The controversy over Sunday opening, in connec-tion with the World's Fair, which had been going on during the previous year, became very animated aS the time for the inauguration of the Fair approached. The Fair authorities' dallied with the question, not having finally decided it up to the time that the Fair was opened in May. During the first Sundays of the Exposition the grounds were closed; later they were opened in defiance of the general opposition of the Christian sentiment of the country, and also of the prohibitory action of Congress. The matter got into the courts, both' Federal and State. On a technical point, the decision of the Federal Qourt was given in favor of the managers. From the State courts an in-junction was issued to the managers, forbidding them to close the gates on Sunday. In the meantime the managers had ascertained by experience that the pub-lic, did not care to patronize the Fair on the national rest-day, and that the 'gates could only be kept open at a loss Anxious to have the injunction modified so as to permit them to close on Sundays, they found the way to do so curiously. blocked. Therefore the Fair was kept open seven days in the week until, its close. The experience in this case, however, proves conclu-sively that the Christian public does not want to have general expositions open on Sunday. The working-man, for whom a Sunday Fair was advocated, pre-ferred to preserve the day as a day of rest, and showed no inclination to favor the invasion of his one weekly rest-day. ,The Independent is correct enough as to i's facts, as far as they are stated, but the experience in this case does not warrant the deductions drawn.. In the first place the case is imperfectly stated. The man-agers did not find that "the public did not care to patronize the Fair" on Sunday, nor that the gates could only be kept open at a loss on that day. The only loss which occurred to the management of the Fair because of Sunday opening was in-volved in the return of the appropriation which Congress conditioned on Sunday closing. The experience of the compara-tively small attendance at the Fair on Sun-days did not prove that the " public -did not want to have general expositions open on Sunday." The only thing that it proved was that the general public would not attend in large numbers when a con-siderable proportion of the exhibits were covered and many whole buildings closed. The covering of these exhibits and clos-ing of these buildings, was secured by the influence and concerted action of the American Sabbath Union and its allies, and not from the promptings of the indi-vidhal ,conscience of the exhibitors. Why should the writers for the religious press and preachers in the popular pulpits at-tempt to deceive themselves and their constituency in this thing ? They all know that the reduced attendance at the Fair on Sunday was not, on the part of the mass of the people, because of any religious conviction or conscientious sense of duty. The common people went by tens of thousands to other city parks, and out of town resorts, on Sunday, and in-dulged in much more questionable amuse-ments than attendance at the Fair. Why not acknowledge this openly and accept themselves the responsibility, where it really lies, of having, by skillful devices of politics, influence and,boycott, succeeded in keeping the crowds 'away from the Fair on Sunday ? The result of the contest in regard to Rev. 21:4. the Sunday closing of the World's Fair has proyed nothing except the capacity of the representatives of popular religion to'  secure a semblance of subservience to their creed as regards Sunday from the people, however, unwillingly, and that in this the prophecies as regards Sunday, and the in-fluence of the popular churches in devel-oping through false Protestantism a simili-tude to the papacy, is fast being fulfilled. W. H. M. Protection. IN the early days of the United States Government it was thought wise to pro-tect the infant industries of the nation from the rivalry of other powers. Laws were formed to compel the foreign manu-facturer to pay a heavy duty or tariff on all articles brought into the country which could be made here. Free trade was not allowed. No one claims that this is doing as we like to be done by; but it has been justified on the ground of expediency. Political parties are now contending over the policy purely as a selfish matter. They do not go into ethics very deeply, but each side claims to advocate the matter in the way to enrich the American citizen: One thing is certain, many of the " infants " have grown remarkably strong, and as huge monopolies have become a menace to the maternal breast. Frantic efforts are now made to break the bands, but it is too late. Political ruin is the price any party must pay that makes the attempt, and the whole nation will suffer with it. This is the situation to-day. Money is plenty in the banks, crops are abundant, men are eager to work, but the " infant " declares that the factory will be closed till he is assured of his protection. In religious matters a similar condition exists. Laws were early made to protect American piety. Especially was the "American Sabbath" an " infant " to be carefully watched and fed. Its free trade rivals are the so-called " Jewish Sabbath " and the "continental Sunday." Restrict-ive laws against these were made. He who would observe the Jewish Sabbath must ,pay a duty of 100 per cent. of its value, or 16f per cent. of his entire capital in time. The "continental Sunday"was not uniforply taxed, Sometimes it came in free through neglect of the custom house authorities; at others it had to pay heavy damages. But how about the " in-fant " ? Oh ! that has grown very large and wears No. 12 boots, It has become the hugest monopoly of the age. Even those who once nursed it are afraid its antics will bring disgrace upon them. They are' reminded that if the bottle is not promptly filled they will not get back to Congress. The " infant " is cross. He wants feeding, and he wants it quick. He don't know enough to reason, and he will yell while you try to soothe him. Such is the great " American Sabbath " that this nation has adopted. Uncle Sam might better have remained an old bachelor than to have accepted the apostate Church and the care of this in-fant. But it is too late. "Give!" "Give!" is the constant cry of mother and child. More protection for Sunday is demanded, even though men go to jail rather than become food for its ravenous stomach. Call out the troops, ring for the police-man, run for the constable, the infant religion is out in uniform and must not be trifled with, Never mind the people, but protect the great " American Sabbath." H. E. ROBINSON. Christianity and Equality. THE equality of all men is a fundamen-tal principle of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Not that all men are equal physically or intellectually or even, morally; but they are equal in that they all stand on a com-mon footing in their relation to their Creator. God is no respecter of persons. They are equal in that they all have the same rights; for rights are God-given. God gave his Son to die. for all men, that whosoever believeth in him might not per-ish, but have everlasting life. John 3;16. All souls are of equal value in his sight. He paid the same 'price for one that he did for another. But while God is no respecter of persons, we find that man, whom he has created, is a respecter of persons. The Majesty of heaven, the Creator and Upholder of all worlds, treats with equal regard the most humble and the most exalted of our race; but puny, finite man presumes to make a distinction among his fellows, and even those who .profess to be his followers are often not behind the rest in ignoring the rights of those whom fortune has sur-rounded with the least favorable circum-stances of birth, education, or nationality. The Matabele savage, for example, al-though it is his fortune to be born into sur-soundings and circumstances which cause him to' grow up an ignorant, uncivilized denizen of his native wilds, is none the less for that a member of the human fam-ily, and possessed of those rights which are inherent in every man by birth. In his relation to God, lie stands upon the same footing as that of his more fortunate fellows in civilized lands. God has no more respect to the person of. one than of the other. He gave his Son to die for both alike. And the power of divine grace will work the same transformation in both, and fit both alike for the inherit-ance of the children of faith. The body of the ignorant savage, no less than that of his enlightened, civilized brother, maybe-come the, temple of the Holy Spirit. Yet the latter presumes to deal with the former as if God had given him no rights what-ever, and as if his standing, in the sight of God, was entirely different from his own. He invades his country, despoils him of his property, kills him if he tries to prevent it, and divides his territory and portions it out among the victors, with no more thought of its native possessors and their, rights than as though they were but " the cattle upon a thousand hills." And he does all this in the name of justice; yes, even sometimes in the name of Chris-tianity. But the principle which actuates him in such work is the very opposite of Christianity. Christianity is unselfish. It makes a man the servant, not the master, of his fellows. It does not prompt 4 man, when he beholds some wrong, to commit a greater wrong in o`rder to make it right; but it prompts him to go to the wrong doer, not with rifles and Maxim guns, but with the spirit of Christ, and endeavor to reclaim him from the evil into which he has fallen. It does not palliate a wrong because it is done to one who happens to be uncivilized. It teaches the brotherhood of man, and that each man is his brother's keeper. It puts him under obligation to both Jew and Gentile, not to override and rob and slay the latter, but to bring to him the glad tidings of that gospel which is the power of God unto salvation. Paul, the great apostle to the Gentiles, 