APRIL 30, 1896. AJOIMIEZIEC.AN 141 seen in what is termed, " Spiritualism," and are manifested through its mediums by means of " rapping," " slate-writing," " mind-read-ing," " materializing," "calling on the dead," etc. Spiritualists everywhere claim that their communications are from those who have died, and whom they claim are not dead, but have really entered another state of existence. Hence, the conclusion of the whole deception is that man possesses inherent immortality, and therefore, needs not even to know of God in order to possess eternal life. That the spirits consulted by mediums are the spirits of devils impersonating people who have died, and are not the spirits of the per-sons themselves, is very clearly taught in the Bible. It explicitly states that " the dead know not anything," and that their "thoughts perish," in which condition it would be impos-sible to hold any communication with them whatever. " His sons come to honor, and he knoweth it not; and they are brought low, but he perceiveth it not of them." Job 14: 21. " His breath goeth forth, he returneth to his earth; in that very day his thoughts perish." Ps. 146:4. " For the living know that they shall die; but the dead know not anything, neither have they any more a re-ward; for the memory of them is forgotten. Also their love, and their hatred, and their envy is now perished; neither have they any more a portion forever in anything that is done under the sun." }loch 9: 5, 6. "Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God; because many false prophets are gone out into the world." 1 John 4: 1. "To the law and to the testimony; if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them." Isa. 8:20. " For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of the great day of God Almighty." Rev. 16: 14. " There is a way that seemeth right unto a man; but the end thereof are the ways of death." Prov. 14:12. " The blessed and only Potentate, the King of kings, and Lord of lords; who only bath immortality" (1 Tim. 6:15, 16), is " the resurrection, and the life." OUR COUNTRY. BY MAY WAKEHAM. WHEN speaking of the injustice of Sunday laws, seventh day observers are often met with the response, " If you don't like our country and our laws you can go somewhere else"Šjust as if this country was created, and its Constitution and laws enacted for the sole benefit of first-day observers! To such the writer would respectfully sug-gest that this is our country as well as theirs. We owe allegiance to the same God and Cre-ator, whose will it is that all his creatures should enjoy the blessings of life, and who " inaketh the sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust." Our ancestors, as well as theirs, laid down their lives to free this country from the hand of oppression, that their children might enjoy " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness," and the privilege of " worshipping God ac-cording to the dictates of their own con-sciences." When rebellion reared its head in our midst, our fathers stood shoulder to shoulder to uphold the Government. This is our native land, and we love it. We love the " Star Spangled Banner," and have sung with fervent hearts Long may it wave O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave. We love its broad plains, its sunlit mountains, and its mighty rivers, and with feelings of pride see it exalted to a leading position among the nations. But it is with deep regret and sadness that we see the spirit of religious bigotry and per-secution abroad in the land, and the liberties purchased by the life blood of some of earth's noblest sons fast being taken from us. Our fair country is on the down grade, and it is with dark forebodings of evil we look into her future. Yes, we love our country and yield glad obedience to her just laws. But we love our God more, and when laws are enacted which come in conflict with his law, instead of fleeing for our lives like shame-faced crimi-nals, we can but stand firmly for what our consciences and our Bibles tell us is the truth and suffer the penalty, trusting in him who has said: " Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Rejoice, and be exceedingly glad: for great is your reward in heaven; for so perse-cuted they the prophets which were before you." Matt. 5:11, 12. Fremont, Nebr. RELIGION AND POLITICS. BY J. R. LOW. IT will not be disputed by anyone who is acquainted with the Christian religion, who is acquainted with its fruits, who knows, by experience, what it is to have the law of love to God and man inwrought into the soulŠit will not be disputed by any such that the more real true Christians there are in the na- tion,Šin politics and in officeŠthe better it will be for the nation and the safer will be the rights and liberties, of the people. But there are two radically different views as to how religion will affect politics and the government. One view is expressed in the following words from the Christian Statesman, of Jan-uary 23:Š The duty of serving the Lord is binding equally everywhere. Can it be that God has bound men by moral law every place but one? Can it be that he left the great organization of the government, with its tremendous possibilities, both of good and evil, unaccountable, without moral and organic power for its control? This is true if the folly of modern State philosophy be true that religion has nothing to do with politics. By a careful study we may resolve the above into the two following syllogisms:- 1. (1) Men are bound by moral law in all places. (2) Governments are composed of men. (3) Therefore governments are account-able to moral law. 2. (1) Governments are accountable to moral law. (2) The " modern State philosophy " that religion has nothing to do with politics is contrary to gov-ernment accountability to moral law. " Modern State philosophy" that religion has nothing to do with politics, is not true. The fallacy of this may be seen by noticing that in the major premise of the first syllo- gism the term " men" is used indicating in-dividual men; while in the minor premise and also in the conclusion the term " govern-ment" is used, indicating a collection or as-sociation of men; and this conclusion being made the major premise in the second syllo-gism, its conclusion must also be false. This view of the personal accountability of government to moral law arraigns as false " modern State philosophy" which, as stated by Washington and Jefferson and Madison, was, that " the Government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion," and " religion is wholly exempt" from the cognizance of civil govern-ment. If it is indeed true that these princi-ples, laid down by the founders of this Gov-ernment are false, it is time the people were finding it out. There are several difficulties in the way of the government's setting up a standard of re-ligion in politics. It is forever impossible for the government to devise any means of reaching the thoughts and intents of the heart, and therefore in any standard that the State might see fit to set up it would have to be content with outward forms and creeds which the most corrupt and hypocritical office-seeker on earth would have no difficulty in subscribing to, while the man of honest conviction who should happen to disagree with the government standard and who had the strength of character to live up to his convictions, regardless of all worldly gain, would be shut out of office; thus the government would be turned into a manufac-tory of hypocrites, while at the same time closing the door of office to all dissenters how-ever honest. Again, if the government should set up a standard of religion in politics, it would not in so doing put into a single selfish office-seeking heart, that law of love to God and man which is able to transform the motives and desires of every one who yields to its claims; the ambitious office-seeker is as ambi-tious as ever, and those corrupt means that he would resort to before without any pretense of piety, he can now resort to under the garb of piety and the protection of the church. These considerations are enough to show that any standard of religion in politics which the State should endeavor to set up would be a standard in name only and not in fact. Does, then, " modern State philosophy " say that religion has nothing to do with pol-itics? We answer, No; it is not the fact, but the how, that is in dispute. The other view of this question is that re-ligion has no other way of affecting politics than to transform the lives of individuals, by putting the law of love to God and man in their hearts. What will be the effect of having this law written in the heart of the voter? He would not sell his vote for a glass of whiskey, for a few dollars, nor for the hope of preferment after election. But, holding the welfare of all his fellow-citizens equally as dear as his own, he would cast his ballot in accordance with what, after careful thought and study, he considered the best interests of his coun-try, regardless of selfish interest. This law of love in the heart of the voter will lead him to protest against the infringement of the rights of a very small minority or of even a single individual, even though his own per-sonal interests be in no way concerned, as quickly and as strenuously as if his own inter-ests were directly concerned. What will be the effect of having this law of love to God and man inwrought into the heart of the office-seekers? He will not lie to (3)  