THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 419 kept getting further in, little by little, until finally the beast occupied the entire tent to the exclusion of the former occupant. Like all National Reformers, Dr. Thomas argues that the language of the Constitution which provides that "Congress shall make no law concerning an es-tablishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," means only that Congress should not set up any one denomination as the state church. But Mr. Madison, "the Father of the Constitution," said : "There is not a shadow of right in the general government to intermeddle with religion. Its least interference with it would be a most flagrant usurpa-tion." And again in his memorial to the General Assembly of Virginia, protesting against the imposition of a tax, not for any sngle church, but "for the support of teachers of the Christian religion," Mr. Madison said : "Who does not see that the same authority which can establish Christianity, to the exclusion of all other religions, may establish with the same ease, any par-ticular sect of Christians, in exclusion of all other sects ; that the same authority which can force a citizen to contribute three pence only of his property for the support of any one establishment, may force him to conform to any other establishment whatsoever." Thomas Jefferson, a man who certainly knew as fully at least as Dr. Thomas the meaning of the Con-stitution, felt that he as President was prohibited by the Constitution from issuing religious proclamations. He said : "I consider the government of the United States as interdicted by the Constitution from inter-meddling with religious institutions, their doctrines, discipline, or exercises." The treaty with Tripoli, written by a Congrega-tional minister and signed by George Washington, expressly declares that "the Government of the United States is not in any sense, founded on the Christian religion." In 1829 the Senate Committee on Post-Offices and Post-Roads presented to the Senate a report which was adopted, in which they said : "With these different religious views, the com-mittee are of the opinion that Congress can not inter-fere. It is not the legitimate province of the legisla-ture to determine what religion is true, or what false. Our government is a civil, and not a religious, institu-tion. Our Constitution recognizes in every person the right to choose his own religion, and to enjoy it freely without molestation. Whatever may be the re-ligious sentiments of citizens, and however variant, they are alike entitled to protection from the govern-ment, so long as they do not invade the rights of others." And again, the same committee said and the same Senate adopted these words : "It is the settled conviction of the committee that the only method of avoiding these consequences, with  their attendant train of evils, is to adhere strictly to the spirit of the Constitution, which regards the gen-eral government in no other light than that of a civil institution, wholly destitute of religious authority. What other nations call religious toleration, we call re-ligious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which gov-ernment can not deprive any portion of citizens, how-ever small. Despotic power may invade those rights, but justice still confirms them: "Let the national legislature once perform an act which involves the decision of a religious controversy, and it will hake passed its legitimate bounds. The pre-cedent will then be established and the foundation laid for that usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country which has been the desolating scourge to the fairest portions of the Old World." This report also declares (for it still speaks to the confusion of all who would undo the noble work of the Fathers of the Republic) that "the Jews are as free in this country as Christians and are entitled to the same protection from the laws." Again, the following year, the House Committee on Post-Offices and Post-Roads presented a report on the same subject, in which they declare, "The Con-stitution regards the conscience of the Jew as sacred as that of the Christian." And again this report says : "Congress acts under a Constitution of delegated and limited powers. The committee look in vain to that instrument for a delegation of power authorizing this body to inquire and determine what part of time, or whether any, has been set apart by the Almighty v for religious exercises. On the contrary, among the few prohibitionists which it contains, is one that pro-hibits a religious test, and another that declares that Congress shall pass no law respecting the establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." There can be no question that this is the light in which the framers of the Constitution and their suc-cessors in the administration of the government viewed that instrument. It was not until a generation had arisen, schooled in the sophistries of National Re-form, that any other view was entertained. Indeed, some of the same men who now make such arguments as that presented by Dr. Thomas were wont only a few years ago to assail the Constitution as a "Godless instrument" because it contained no recognition of Deity. But now that a justice of the Supreme Court has shown in an obeter dictum how to discover in that document something which is clearly not there at all, these men are not slow to avail themselves of this aid and to loudly proclaim that "this is a Christian nation," and that in a sense widely different from that in which Justice Brewer used the. term. Dr. Thomas' words: "Thus every Congress ap-propriates large sums of money for the support and es-tablishment of the Christian religion," show very plain-ly the purpose of his contention that the nation is 