111101180100 'still" IiIIIM11111101111011111111111111 /06,——.irlinioe"""11'"4114,iili """'l 1111 Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 12, 1891. NUMBER 44. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY TRIO PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. .1.3 BOND ST., NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKim EVERY human being is intended to have a character of his own, to be what no other is, to do what no other can do.ŠChanning. Ł -401.-.  THE religious idea can never be sepa-rated from Sunday. No enforcement of its observance, distinctively from other days, can be divorced from that inbred religious idea, any more than the physical and moral characteristics of the father and mother can be eliminated from the child. This child of the Church and a re-ligious holiday ("the Venerable Day of the Sun ") is, by birth, by inheritance, and by unbroken habit throughout its exist-ence, a religious day,Šnothing else. CHURCH theology and true religion aro not necessarily synonymous. They may be antitheses; or, the one may be a non-essential drapery concealing essential truth. Too close a discrimination cannot be made between them, for the first is of man, transitory, imperfect, while the second is the expression of the eternal verities of God. Commentary, exegesis, human interpre-tation, when applied to things divine, must be subjected to the most merciless criti-cism. There is but one crucible in which the dross of error can be separated from the fine gold of truth and that is the lit-eral, inerrant Bible. When God gave his Word to man he made no provision for theology. If it were not for theological misinterpretation the masses might to-day understand the Bible. Through theolog-ical error the inconsistency, between the  biblical behest " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord," remember to keep it holy, and the practice of first day ob-servance, has arisen. To support this error the abomination of religious laws must be invoked, and thus the true guide of life is lost sight of entirely, and the plain teaching of Scripture becomes of no effect. Theology then becomes the ex-ponent of the religion of man while the Bible voices the religion of God. At present, however much the fact may be concealed, the two antagonize each other. That there will be a contest directly on this ground, and what the result of this contest will be the Revelation of God foretells. Is This the Nineteenth Century, or Is It the First? JESUS CHRIST came into the world to set men free, to make known to all man-kind the genuine principles of freedom, and of religious freedom above all. The Roman Empire then filled the world,Š"the sublimest incarnation of power, and a monument the mightiest of greatness built by human hands, which has upon this planet been suffered to appear." That Empire, proud of its conquests, and ex-ceedingly jealous of its claims, asserted its right to rule in all things, human and divine. As in those times all gods were viewed as national gods, and as Rome had conquered all nations, it was demonstrated by this to the Romans that their gods were superior to all others. And although Rome allowed conquered nations to main-tain the worship of their national gods, these, as well as conquered people, were yet considered as only servants of the Roman State: Every religion, therefore, was held subordinate to the religion of Rome, and though " all forms of religion might come to Rome and take their places in their Pantheon, they must come as the servants of the State." The Roman religion itself was but the servant of the State; and of all the gods of Rome there were none so great as the  genius of Rome itself. The chief distinc-tion of the Roman gods was that they be-longed to the Roman State. Instead of the State deriving any honor from the Roman gods, the gods derived their prin- cipal dignity from the fact that they were gods of Rome. This being so with Rome's own gods, it was counted at Rome an act of exceeding condescension to recognize, legally, any foreign god, or the right of any Roman subject to worship any other gods than those of Rome. Neander quotes Cicero as laying down a fundamental maxim of legislation, as follows :Š No man shall have for himself particular gods of his own; no man shall worship by himself any new or foreign gods, unless they are recognized by the public laws. Another principle, announced by Maece-nas, one of the two chief advisers of Au- gustus, was this:Š Worship the gods in all respects according to the laws of your country, and compel all others to do the same, but hate and punish those who would introduce anything whatever alien to our customs in this particular. Accordingly, the Roman law declared as follows :Š Whoever introduces new religions, the character and tendency of which are erring, whereby the minds of men may be disturbed, shall, if belonging to the higher rank, be banished; if to the lower, punished with death. The Roman Empire filled the world. Consequently, there was a government ruling over all, in which religion and the State were held to be essentially one and indivisible. Jesus Christ gathered to himself disci-ples, instructing them in his heavenly doctrine; bestowed upon them the divine freedom, the soul-freedom, which he alone can give; endued them with power from on high; and sent them forth into the world to preach to every creature this gospel of freedom, and to teach all to ob-serve all things whatever he had com-manded them. He had commanded them to render to Csar only those things that were Caesar's, and to God the things which are God's. This statement was the declaration of the 