MAY 14, 1896. 104 spreading, and that he has received requests to advo-cate its ideas in various cities throughout New Eng-land. He is now speaking from three to six times a week in the interests of the league, and expects to have a heavy moral backing in this as well as in several other projects which are in contempla-tion. It is evident that nothing short of a com-plete code of Blue Laws will satisfy the advo-cates of a civilly-enforced religious Sunday. THE SUNDAY BICYCLE. IN the last issue of the Volunteer Gazette, says the New York World, Commander Booth has written the following in reply to questions by volunteers as to whether it was proper to ride a bicycle on Sunday: "It is all right to ride the bicycle on Sunday. It is better to work the pedals than to work the trainmen on the cars." This is a simple case of one man being con-science for another, which constitutes the essence of popery. That is a very easy way of settling religious questions, but also a very poor way. It calls for no exercise or develop-ment of conscience, no investigation of truth in the pages of divine revelation. God's plan is that every person should be guided by the dictates of his own conscience, and that con-science should in every case be educated and guided by the word of God, unfolded and im-pressed upon the mind by the Holy Spirit. But when a man sits in the place of God, dic-tating to others what is right and what is wrong, conscience is stifled, religious growth ceases, and the whole moral nature is dead-ened. The same results follow when z civil government usurps the place of conscience in dictating religious duty. Popery is the relig- ion of human nature. Christianity is the manifestation of the divine nature. Ł CHRISTIANITY MEANS HONESTY.* IT is told of one of the patriots of the American Revolution that, having a suit in court, he employed a lawyer who tried to advance the cause of his client by taking advantage of a technicality by which he hoped to evade a fair issue. Instantly the hero arose and rebuked his lawyer, declaring that he never, hired him to take unfair advan-tage of his opponent. This was no more than strict intergrity, but such strictness is seldom seen, even among those of whom we have every right to expect it. True Christianity presents the highest form of uprightness; yet we have to record that many profess to represent the highest type of Christianity, who are not ashamed to dissemble, and to resort to the most unworthy methods to ad-vance their cause. Everyone knows that God is not honored, and his cause is not advanced, by evasions and deceptions. When men resort to uworthy methods to, profess-edly, advance the cause of God, we may be sure that they are either deceiving or deceived ; that their motives are selfish, and not founded on principle. The American people are not so far from the days of the Revolution as to have entirely outgrown a regard for the sentiments that inspired the illustrious founders of our Gov-ernment. But that they are guarding with jealous care the principles that fired the hearts of their forefathers, cannot be said. A half century ago, one of the mottos most commonly in use was this: * Written by the late Eld. J. H. Waggoner, in 1887. " Eternal Vigilance Is the Price of Liberty." But it has been entirely thrown aside, because the necessity for vigilantly maintaining that for which our fathers suffered and died to bequeath to us, is not appreciated by the mass of our population. Having lived nearly two-thirds of the entire period of our national existence, I feel qualified to speak from ob-servation. When Richard M. Johnson presented the celebrated " Sunday Mail Report," it was considered an able State paper, clearly vin-dicating the grounds of our civil, and especi-ally our religious, liberty. But so many have lost the real spirit of American independence that they suffer themselves to be cajoled into compliance with projects which tend to sub- vert our liberties, and are not at all alarmed at the encroachments of the enemy. Some respect should yet be paid to the opinions of George Washington; but that re- spect is not deep enough to cause the people diligently to inquire if those opinions are worthy to be vindicated at the expense of a strong effort. Said Washington upon one occasion:Š I have often expressed my opinion that every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in worshipping God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience. This language is as plain as it is reasonable and just. None can misunderstand itŠnone should find fault with it. But there is a class fast increasing in numbers, who, while enjoy-ing all the privileges of our benign Govern-ment, in the full exercise of their religious freedom, indulge the feelings of Haman; they cannot enjoy even the richest blessings, if Mordecai has his share of the same. And they resolve in their hearts that Mordecai shall retire from the king's gate or be hanged. But will they rise up and denounce this declaration of Washington ? By no means. That would be an open avowal of their de-signs, which might prove fatal to their cause. If not frank, they are shrewd and diplomatic, and have well studied the course to pursue to best accomplish their purposes. If we enter into the councils of certain bodies of clergymen, we hear them declare that Sunday is the Christian Sabbath, " the very foundation of our holy religion." They loudly bewail its desecration, and resolve to take steps to secure its universal observance. They agree to preach on the subject, and they make an appeal to their brethren in the ministry to assist them in their efforts to arouse the people to action. But they are painfully aware of the fact that their pulpit utterances have lost their power to take deep hold on the consciences of the people. Some more effective measures must be devised. The State must be called to their assistance. Rigid laws must be passed to compel the people to observe the "Christian sabbath." But will the people submit to compulsory observance of religious institutions ? Will they consent to religious legislation ? Can they be led to ignore the sentiments of Wash-ington, and to reverse the fundamental prin-ciples of our glorious Government ? Perhaps not but if not, that circumstance must not stand in the way of the success of these so-called reformers. Some Deceptions. There is a people who ply a vocation which is one of unmixed evil. They deal in alco-holic drinks. Seven days in the week, almost the entire day and night, they are.firing the brains of half-insane inebriates, stimulating  them to deeds of evil, beggaring wives and children, and luring the youth to ruin. What shall be done? The answer comes: "Down with the Sunday saloon! The busi-ness of the Sunday saloon must be stopped!" But, query, Why not down with the every-day saloon ? Why not put the saloon of other days on a footing with the Sunday saloon ? And again, If you separate the Sunday saloon from the saloon of other days, why not separate the Sunday saloon from the useful trades of honorable people ? But no; the demand is made that the law shall have the same effect on other business that it has on the Sunday saloon. And why? Because the Sunday saloon is a curse! And then they call upon the people to make and uphold such a law as the great remedy for the evils of intemperance! And even though men may be working zealously to put down saloons every day in the week, they are still denounced as enemies to the cause of tem-perance, unless they advocate the Sunday law. This we label Deception No. I. Very soon we find the same clergyman who declared that a law for the observance of Sun-day is the only safeguard of religion, again declaring that a law for the strict observance of Sunday is not at all of the nature of religious legislation. Rest is necessary for health; therefore a compulsory Sunday rest is purely a "sanitary regulation." No matter if a man has rested on the day preceding, every man stands in physical need of a rest on Sunday. We will label this Deception No. 2. Besides this, the State has already recog-nized it as a holiday, in which men may not be compelled to work; now it must take one little step more, and compel them not to work. Although such action is not consistent with the idea of a legal holiday, the necessities of the case requires that it shall be so considered. And then the Sunday law becomes purely " a police regulation." " Only that and nothing more." Now from the same pulpit from which it was announced that a Sunday law was demanded in the interest of religion, the people are assured that not at all as a religious question, but as one of loyalty to the State, they are required to keep Sunday. This we will call Deception No. 3. But they are confronted with the fact that some good citizens, in every way meeting the requirements of Washington's declaration, peaceable, industrious, honest, and prover-bially temperate, conscientiously observe the seventh day, claiming authority for so doing from the decalogue, which says,"The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work." Is not this strict Sunday law which the State is asked to enact, contrary to the avowal of Washington? and to the spirit of our national Constitution Will it not infringe upon their religious rights ? Not at all, is the reply of the clergymen. The Sunday law will not deny them the privilege of keeping the seventh day. We shall compel them to keep Sunday, and after that they may keep as many other days as they please. Our law interferes with no man's rights of conscience. Here is Deception No. 4. Nebuchadnezzar Might Have Used the Same Argument. That this is a deception of the rankest kind is readily seen. By such sophistry as they adopt, any abomination might right-fully be forced upon the servants of God. The officers of Nebuchadnezzar might have used the same argument with the three He-brews, and with an equal show of justice. " We do not propose to interfere with your 