232 A.IVIDEMICA.X SENTINTIMILA. VoL. 10, No. 29. NEW YORK, JULY 18, 1895. Arty one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TENNESSEE, on July 3, imprisoned eight innocent Christian men, and now has de-cided to work them in the chain-gang. Ten-nessee is neither in Russia nor Turkey. Tennessee is in " the land of the free." DON'T fail to read the article, " Partial in the Law," on page 230. It is absolutely ne-cessary in order to get an insight into the hypocrisy and meanness of the Tennessee per-secutions. " I WILL take occasion, however, to express again my sincere personal regret, that a neces-sity exists for inflicting punishment upon these people, for it must be patent even to the most casual observer that they are good citizens, who are thoroughly conscientious in the course they have taken."ŠFrom the sentence of Judge Parks, in the cases of the Adventists now in jail at Dayton, Tenn. SOME of our readers may wonder how it is that seventh-day observers in Tennessee can be punished so severely when the only statute forbidding Sunday labor provides for a fine of but three dollars, recoverable before a- justice of the peace. The explanation lies in the fact that.the Supreme Court of the State has de-cided that a repetition of Sunday work consti-tutes a "nuisance," and is indictable. And to carry this judicial legislation further, Judge Parks has decided that "a single et of work done under such circumstances as to amount to a nuisance, is indictable and punishable as such." The term " such circumstances " is explained by the judge in the next sentence to mean "in such a public manner as to be open to the observation of the public." And now let the hundreds of thousands of men and women throughout this broad land, who read this number of the. SENTINEL, re-member that a man is in jail, or in the chain-gang, at Dayton, Tenn., for a term of seventy-five days, for the single act of lifting a wheel-barrow from a wagon over a fence into the yard of his brother Adventist on Sunday. PROTESTANTS are being persecuted by means of State enactments in several Roman Catho-lic countries of South America. They have demanded of the pope that these persecuting acts be repealed. The papal Secretary of State answers in substance that these statutes are " civil " enactments, not religious. We are sorry for these persecuted Protestants, and we denounce this " civil" excuse as a mere dodge. However, we expect good will come from it. Many Protestants in America try to dodge the  fact that Seventh-day Adventists are perse-cuted by asserting that Sunday statutes Sunder which they suffer, are "purely civil," not re-ligious. Now the papacy is trying to make these Protestants swallow some of their own medi-cine. We say to them, Don't you swallow it. Spit it out. That's what Seventh-day Ad-ventists are doing with the abominable stuff. SPURGEON SAID : " IT is none of Cmsar's business to deal with our consciences, neither will we ever obey Caesar in any matter which touches con-science. He may make what laws he will about religion, but by our loyalty to God we pour contempt on Cmsar when he usurps the place of God. He is no more to us than the meanest beggar in the street if he goes beyond his own legitimate authority. To Csar, Cmsar's; politics to politicians; obedience, cheerful and prompt, to civil rulers; to God, and to God only, things that are God's; and what are these? Our hearts, our souls, our consciences. Man himself is the coin upon which God has stamped his image and super-scription (though, alas! both are sadly marred), and we must render to God our man-hood, our wills, our thoughts, our judgments, our minds, our hearts. Consciences are for God. Any law that touches conscience is null and void, ipso facto, for the simple reason that kings and parliaments have no right to inter-fere in the realm of conscience. Conscience is under law to none but God."Š"Sermons of Rev. C. H. Spurgeon," Vol. 10, pp. 111, 11g. Funk & Wagnall, New York. . Ł Ł Ł  SABBATH-KEEPERS ANATHEMATIZED. NoT long since, Father Enright, a Catholic priest, preached a sermon at Harlan, Iowa, which was reported in the Harlan American. The following is an extract from the report, and will help to explain why Seventh-day Adventists suffer imprisonment rather than keep Sunday. Under date of June 20, Will-iam Simpson, of Darrell, Ont., wrote Cardinal Gibbons, at Baltimore, asking if Father En-right correctly represented the Catholic Church on this question. Under date of June 23, the cardinal's secretary replied: "I beg to say that Father Enright is certainly correct in his assertions." Here are Father Enright's asser-tions:Š " What right have the Protestant churches to observe that day? None whatever. You say it is to obey the commandment, ` Remem-ber the Sabbath day to keep it holy.' But Sunday is not the Sabbath, according to the Bible and the record of time. Every one knows that Sunday is the first day of the week, while Saturday is the seventh day and the Sabbath, the day consecrated as 'a day of rest. It is so recognized in all civilized na-tions. I have repeatedly offered $1,000 to any one who will furnish any proof from the Bible that Sunday is the day we are bound to keep, and no one has called for the money. If any person in this town will show me any  scripture for it, I will, to-morrow evening, publicly acknowledge it and thank him for it. It was the Holy Catholic Church that changed the day of rest from Saturday to Sunday, the first day of the week. And it not only com-pelled all to keep Sunday, but at the Council of Laodicea, A. D. 364, anathematized' those who kept the Sabbath, and urged all persons to labor on the seventh day under penalty of anathema. " Which church does the whale civilized world obey? Protestants call us every hor-rible name they can think of,Š' antichrist,' the scarlet-colored beast,' Babylon,' etc., and at the same time profess great reverence for the Bible, and yet, by their solemn act of keeping Sunday they acknowledge the power of the Catholic Church. The Bible says remem-ber the Sabbath day to keep it holy, and that the seventh day is the Sabbath, but the Cath-olic-Church says, ` NO, keep the first day of the week;' and the whole world bows in, obedi-ence." EIGHT honest, conscientious Seventh-day Adventists of Rhea County, Tenn., have been condemned to serve terms of from seventy-five to ninety days in the, county jail at Dayton, Tenn., for the offense of doing common labor on SundayŠlabor which disturbed no other person's private or public devotion. It has also been decided to work these honest men in the chain-gang, and by the time this reaches our readers this will doubtless be accomplished. For an account of the trial and condemnation of these men, see page 229. -- We here submit for the benefit of all who think it their duty to force their views on others by the power of legislatiVe acts, a noble sentiment from the pen of John Wesley, the founder of Methodism:Š " Condemn no man for not thinking as you think. Let every one enjoy the full and free liberty of thinking for himself. Let every man use his own judgment, since every man mast give an account of himself to God. Abhor every approach, in any kind or degree, to the spirit of persecution. If you cannot reason or persuade a man into the truth, never attempt to force a man into it. If love will not compel him to come, leave him to God, the Judge of all." MIELioNs of copies of this issue of the SEN-TINEL should be circulated by the friends of religious liberty throughout the land. Reader, distribute copies of the Ł paper among your neighbors! Send them to your friends! Order immediately. One dollar a hundred; $8 a thousand. THE faithful and vivid description of our beautiful first-page illustration is taken from " Pictorial Wonderland," by Franklin Edson Belden; published by the Werner Company, Chicago. 1 Labbe. 1501. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Ł 43 Bond Street, New York City. 