272 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, APRIL 27, 1899. HAVE you ever:asked the question, or:heard it asked, "What can save the life of thisination?" That is an-swered in this SENTINEL by Evangel-ist D. L. Moody. Read it. IT cannot be too carefully borne in mind, and therefore too often re-peated where it is liable to be forgot-ten, that in the field of morals knowl-edge is not power. There can be no moral reform without power; and no moral power without God. WHAT a great problem it is to find out how the world, or society, can be reformed without starting with a re-form in the individual heart! From earliest times reformers have been working on the solution of this prob-lem, and to-day they are still at it. But the solution is still undis-covered. "CommNEs'; are getting to be al-most as popular in the religious world as they have become in secu-lar affairs; and they promise won-derful things. See the article, "The United Christian Party," page 259. In secular aff airs the principle of such combines is recognized as bad and dangerous to the prosperity of the country. What then must be said of religious combines whose power is to be exercised in governmental affairs? MARCH 20, the birthday of Neal Dow, the eminent temperance advo-cate, is proposed in W. C. T. U. circles as a day for collecting a freewill of-fering to be used in furthering the work of Dr. Crafts, of the "reform bureau," at Washington. With the money to be raised in this and other ways, it is proposed to "sowc, the whole country knee deep with litera- ture of reform work." Reader, don't forget that whether you are doing anything to spread religious liberty literature or not, the other side are at work, and will keep at work till they have sowed the country "knee deep." Now, now, is the sowing time. A DISPATCH dated "Washington, April 17," says: "A Catholic chapel on the Government reservation at West Point is now assured. Acting Secretary of War Meiklejohn on Fri-' day last issued a license under which the structure will be erected. This action was taken after Archbishop Corrigan had talked with the Presi-dent and Mr. Meiklejohn concerning the matter, and is in pursuance of the authority granted to the War Department by Congress in an act approved July 8 of last year." Some of our readers may remem-ber that Attorney-General McKenna, a Catholic, rendered an adverse de-cision in the matter of allowing a sectarian establishment on the West Point grounds, which put a stop for the time to such proceedings. But, says this dispatch, Father O'Keefe, for the Catholics, has been "especially active" in seeking the desired per-mission from the Government, and with full success. The Catholic au-thorities can be depended on to be "especially active" always in getting their religion recognized by the Gov-ernment. THE projected peace conference is already sailing through troubled waters. There is, it is said, a "com-plete change in the attitude of the Dutch people" toward the delegates, who in consequence "will assemble in a hostile instead of a friendly atmos-phere." The reason of this change is, first, the czar's oppression of Fin-land, with which the Dutch nation has a strong affinity; and second, the exclusion, at England's demand, of the Transvaal and Orange Free State from participation in the con-gress. "The confidence of the Dutch people in the good faith ofithe whole  affair," it is stated, "has disap-peared." It is safe to say that other nations are not more credulous. But from all this some valuable lessons may be learned by thinking people. SUNDAY newspapers in England are to be boycotted, if nothing worse. The archbishop of Canterbury, the head of the Established ChurchAas called a conference of bishops to as-semble May 10, to take steps for the suppression of Sunday journalism, to which the archbishop refers as "the growth of the pernicious sys-tem of breaking the Sabbath by pub-lication of newspapers." This same church allows the English saloon to flourish seven days in the week with scarcely a protest. The Established Church, it would seem from recent events, needs to be itself delivered from the devil of ritu-alism before it can properly under-take to cast out the devil of the Sun-day papers. THE secretary of the Anti-Imperial-istic League, Mr. Erving Winslow, in reply to the charge of treason ma de against his society, points out that, as regards the present campaign against the Filipinos, "it is notIpre-tended that this war was declared by Congress, or that it had been ap-proved by Congress, in which body alone, under our Constitution, the right to declare war exists." TROPICAL countries are not valua-ble acquisitions from the standpoint of trade interests. Recently, before the Academy of Political Science it was shown that Great Britain ex-ports $15.34 per capita to her non-tropical colonies, and only .56 per capita to her tropical colonies. The Treasury Bureau of Statistics has shown that "if we had all the trade of these dependencies, they in re-quital having, of course, free access to our markets, the balance against us would be over $100,000,000 a year." 