qOq A.M1911L-L C k±4 EN Vole 9, No. 26. apostolic authority removed, than this very thing appeared of which the apostle had spoken. Certain bishops, in order to make easier the conversion of the heathen, to multiply disciples, and above all, to increase their own influence and author-ity, began to adopt heathen customs and forms. WHEN the last of the apostles was dead, the first century was gone; and within twenty years of that time the perversion of the truth of Christ had become widespread. In the history of this century and of this subject the record is,Š It is certain that to religious worship, both public and private, many rites were added, without neces-sity, and to the offense of sober and good men,* And the reason of this is stated to be thatŠ The Christians were pronounced atheists, because' they were destitute of temples, altars, victims, priests, and all that pomp in which the vulgar suppose the essence of religion to consist. For unenlightened per-sons are prone to estimate religion by what meets their eyes. To silence this accusation, the Christian doctors thought it necessary to introduce some external rites, which would strike the senses of the people, so that they could maintain themselves really to possess all those things of which Christians were charged with being destitute, though under different forms.f This was at once to accommodate the Christian worship and its forms to that of the heathen, and was almost at one step to heathenize Christianity. No heathen element or form can be connected with Christianity or its worship, and Christian-ity remain pure. OF all the ceremonies of the heathen, the mysteries were the most sacred and most universally practiced. Some mys-teries were in honor of Bacchus, some of Cybele; but the greatest of all, those con-sidered the most sacred of all and the most widely practiced, were the Eleusinian, so called because celebrated at Eleusis in Greece. But whatever was the mystery that was celebrated, there was always in it as an essential part of it, the elements of abomination that characterized sun worship everywhere, because the myste-ries were simply forms of the widespread and multiform worship of the sun. Among the first of the perversions of the Christian worship was to give to its forms the title and air of the mysteries. For, says Mosheim :Š Among the Greeks and the people of the East, noth-ing was held more sacred than what was called the mysteries. This circumstance led the Christians, in order to impart dignity to their religion, to say that they also had similar mysteries, or certain holy rites concealed from the vulgar; and they not only applied the terms used in the pagan mysteries to Christian institutions, particularly baptism and the Lord's sup-per, but they gradually introduced also the rites which were designated by those terms.$ Of the Eleusinian mysteries, Anthon says : " This mysterious secrecy was sol-emnly observed and enjoined on all the votaries of the goddess; and if any one ever appeared at the celebration, either intentionally or through ignorance, with-out proper introduction, he was immedi-ately punished with death. Persons of both sexes and all ages were initiated at this solemnity, and it was looked upon as so heinous a crime to neglect this sacred part of religion, that it was one of the heaviest accusations which contributed to the condemnation of Socrates. The ini-tiated were under the more particular care of the deities, and therefore their lives * Mosheim's "Ecclesiastical History," Century ii, part ii, chap. iv, par. 1, Murdock's translation. t Id., par. 3. t Id., par. 5. were supposed to be attended with more happiness and real security than those of other men. This benefit was not only granted during life, but it extended beyond the grave, and they were honored with the first places in the Elysian fields, while others were left to wallow in perpetual filth and ignominy." THERE were the greater and the lesser mysteries. The greater were the Eleusin-ian in fact, and the lesser were invented, according to the mythological story, be-cause Hercules passed near Eleusis, where the greater mysteries were celebrated, and desired to be initiated ; but as he was a stranger and therefore could not lawfully be admitted, a form of mysteries was adopted into which he could be initiated. These were ever afterward celebrated as the lesser, and were observed at Agrse. THESE mysteries, as well as those of Bacchus and others, were directly related to the sun. Says the Encyclopedia Brit-annica : " The most holy and perfect rite in' the Eleusinian Mysteries was to show an ear of corn mowed down in silence, and this was a symbol of the Phrygian Atys." THE Phrygian Atys was simply the incarnation of the sun, and the mysteries being a form of sun worship, the " sacred " symbols cannot be described with decency; for the worship of the sun was only the deification and worship of the reproduc-tive organs, and it is not necessary to de-scribe the actions that were performed in the celebration of the mysteries after the initiation, any further than is spoken by the apostle with direct reference to this subject. "Have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them. For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in secret." Eph. 5: 11, 12. IT was to accommodate the Christian worship to the minds of a people who practiced such abominations as these that the bishops gave to the Christian ordi-nances the name of mysteries. The Lord's supper was made the greater mystery, baptism the lesser and the initiatory rite to the celebration of the former. After the heathen manlier also a white garment was used as the initiatory robe, and the candidate having been baptized, and thus initiated into the lesser mysteries, was admitted into what was called in the church the order of catechumens, in which order they remained a certain length of time, as in the heathen celebration, before they were admitted to the celebration of the Lord's supper, the greater mystery. Nobody at all familiar with the rites of the Catholic Church to-day, need be told that confirmation and the white dress for the first communion, are simply relics of paganism. MOSTIEIM testifies that before the second century was half gone, before the last of the apostles had been dead forty years, this apostasy, this working of the mystery of iniquity, had so largely spread over both the East and the West, that it is lit-erally true that " a large part, therefore, of the Christian observances and institu-tions even in this century, had the aspect of the pagan mysteries." NOR is this all. The worship of the sun  was at this time universal. These apos-tates not being content with so much of the sun worship as appeared in the celebration of the mysteries, adopted the heathen custom of worshiping toward the east. So says Mosheim :Š Before the coming of Christ, all the Eastern nations performed divine worship with their faces turned to that part of the heavens where the sun displays his rising beams. This custom was founded upon a gen-eral opinion that God, whose essence they looked upon to be light, and whom they considered as being cir-cumscribed within certain limits, dwelt in that part of the firmanent from which he sends forth the sun, the bright image of his benignity and glory. The Chris-tian converts, indeed, rejected this gross error [of supposing that God dwelt in that part of the firma-ment] ; but they retained the ancient and universal custom of worshiping toward the east, which sprang from it. Nor is this custom abolished even in our times, but still prevails in a great number of Christian churches.* The next step in addition to this was the adoption of the day of the sun as a fes-tival day. To such an extent were the forms of sun worship practiced in this apostasy, that before the close of the second century the heathen themselves charged these so-called Christians with worshiping the sun. A presbyter of the church of Carthage, then and now one of the " church Fathers," who wrote about A. D. 200, considered it necessary to make a defense of the practice, which he did to the following effect in an address to the rulers and magistrates of the Roman Empire :Š Others, again, certainly with more information and greater verisimilitude, believe that the sun is our god. We shall be counted Persians perhaps, though we do not worship the orb of day painted on a piece of linen cloth, having himself everywhere in his own disc. The idea no doubt has originated from our being known to turn to the east in prayer. But you, many of you, also under pretense sometimes of worshiping the heavenly bodies, move your lips in the direction of the sunrise. In the same way, if we devote Sunday to rejoicing, from a far different reason than snn wor-ship, we have some resemblance to those of you who devote the day of Saturn to ease and luxury, though they too go far away from Jewish ways, of which indeed they are ignorant. f And again, in an address to all the heathen, he justifies this practice by the argument, in effect: You do the same thing, you originated it too, therefore you have no right to blame us. In his own words his defense is as follows:Š Others, with greater regard to good manners, it must be confessed, suppose that the sun is the god of the Christians, because it 18 a well-known fact that we pray towards the east, or because we make Sunday a day of festivity. What then ? Do you do less than this ? Do not many among you, with an affectation of sometimes worshiping the heavenly bodies, likewise move your lips in the direction of the sunrise ? It is you, at all events, who have admitted the sun into the calendar of the week; and you have selected its day, in preference to the preceding day, as the most suit-able in the week for either an entire abstinence from the bath, or for its postponement until the evening, or for taking rest and banqueting. This accommodation was easily made, and all this practice was easily justified by the perverse minded teachers, in the perversion of such Scriptures as, " The Lord God is a sun and shield" (Ps. 84:11); and, "Unto you that fear my name shall the Sun of righteousness arise with heal-ing in his wings." Mal. 4 : 2. As this custom spread and through it such disciples were multiplied, the ambi-tion of the bishop of Rome grew apace. It was in honor of the day of the sun that there was manifested the first attempt of the bishop of Rome to compel the obedi-ence of all other bishops, and the fact that this attempt was made in such a cause, at * Id., par. 7. Maclaine's translation. t Tertullian's " Apology," chap. xvi. t Id., " Ad Nationes," book i, chap. xiii. Ł 