18 AMERICAN SENTINEL. thority, and as containing the reasons, for requiring by national law, the observance of Sunday as the Sabbath. This commandment says plainly, "The seventh day is the Sabbath." And it is just as plain that this is the seventh day of the week. The seventh day to be ob-served is the seventh day in succession from the one which God observed; and that seventh day which God observed was the seventh day of the week; because the week was the only period of time then in existence of which there could possibly be any seventh day. Therefore, as this commandment definitely cites the rest of God on the seventh day at the close of the six days' creative process; and as there was no period of time but the week, of which it could possibly be the sev-enth day; it is absolutely impossible that this command-ment to men to observe the seventh day can refer to any other than the seventh day of the week. But Sunday is the first day of the week. Those who are urging it upon all people as the Sabbath know that it is the first day of the week. The bill now before Con-°Tess to enforce its observance in the District of Colum-bia, as well as the laws of the States, calls it the first day of the week. Now the singular and mysterious thing to which we call attention is, that those who are calling for national law enforcing the observance of this first day of the week, cite the fourth commandment as the source of their au-thority for requiring its observance as the Sabbath, while that commandment plainly enjoins the observance of the seventh day of the week, and cannot possibly refer to any other day. Another phase of this singular and mysterious thing, is that those people hold that the fourth commandment is the word of God. Yet they have so little regard for that word, that they hesitate not at all to substitute a day of their own choice for the day which, even upon their own claim, God has named. They totally ignore the day which the word of God has plainly designated, and boldly endeavor to make this game word of God en-join the observance of a day to which it cannot possibly apply. How much regard, then, have those people for the authority of that word as the word of God? How much regard have they for the authority of God, which they themselves say is the substance and life of that word as the word of God? Do they really believe that when the Lord spoke His law He had sufficient clearness of mind to know what He wanted to say; and sufficient ability of expression to say what He meant? If they do really be-lieve this, then will they say that He intentionally spoke so ambiguously when He said the seventh day is the Sab-bath, that nobody ever caught the correct idea until two hundred years ago when the Puritans discovered that when the Lord said the seventh day is the Sabbath Hp meant that the first day is the Sabbath? "To whom, then, will ye liken me, saith the Lord." If the people of the District of Columbia, or of the States, shoUld treat the laws which these people frame  enjoining the observance of the first day of the week, as they themselves treat the law which God has spoken en-joining the observance of the seventh day of the week, what would those people themselves say to that? Every-body knows that such a thing would not be accepted for one moment. It would be denotinced as an assertion of self-opinion, and disrespectful to the authority of the Government that is the life of the law. Is it not then a singular and mysterious thing, that people will claim that a certain word is the word of God, and at the same time treat it as they would not allow for a moment that the word of men should be treated? Shall the words of men be considered as of more force and value than the word of God? " Shall mortal man be more just than God ? " God is the God of judgment. Just and right is He. He will bring every work into judgment with every secret thing, whether it be good or whether it be evil : and it will "be judged by the law." And when He does rise up to judgment, will He regard lightly this light regard far-His law? In that day that law will be interpreted by the Judge : not by self-opinionated men. Now in view of the fact that the people who are en-deavoring to force upon all the nation the observance of the first day of the week as the Sabbath, cite as the au-thority for it the law which enjoins the observance only of the seventh day of the week, while at the same time they hold that law to be the law of God, and that there is to be a judgment of God at which every man shall give account of himself to God and "be judged by the law," is. it not a most singular and most mysterious thing that they will act as they do in the matter of the word and the authority of God? Who Wants Him ? MR. MOODY, the evangelist, has said something cal-culated to shock the church congregations of New York City out of their moral complacency. What he says of the spiritual condition of this city is of course just as ap-plicable to any Other section of the country. Mr. Moody said before a large audience in Carnegie Hall, that Christ would be no more welcome should he return to the earth to-day than he was when he came to the Jews in Palestine nineteen centuries ago. "Nineteen hundred years," said the evangelist, " have rolled away since Christ found no place on earth to lay his head. His gospel is now preached in all parts of the world, but is it not a fact that even now there is not room on earth for the Son of God, and no nation wants him? "Does America want Him? It is a Christian nation. England claims to be the most Christian nation, but if a man stood up in Parliament to-morrow to advocateŠcould it be possibleŠthat Christ should come in person to rule England, he would be hooted down. France, Ger-many, Italy and Spain are Christian nations. Is there room for Him in either? "Has not Christianity settled down to be a mere 