JUNE 14, 1894. ..&104111-1,1EZIC_A_N-  1S7 INTEREST. Interest must be destroyed, or it will destroy us. The source, the cause and the expression; (of pros-perity and peace.) LAND, LABOR AND MONEY, SHALL BE FREED. We hold: that, the only way in which the people can poAsess (not pursue) " happiness," is through the REFERENDUM and INITIATIVE, We hold: that, the public prostitutes, trusted as 'public servants, contemning-the Constitution, on the first day of May, 1894, by excluding the people from their Capitol, their National Home, the Citadel of the Nation's laws, and denying free speech, declared them-selves Masters of the people and Murderers of Liberty; and as Pontius Pilate, the Chief Priests, Scribes and Elders slyly secured the condemnation and crucifixion of the Father of Freedom, so have they the lineal descendants, secured the condemnation and persecu-tion of the Forerunners of Liberty. With liberty lying prone in her own home; with freedom destroyed a ad free speech suppressed ; with the HALLS of liberty prostituted and the highways paroled; with the spawn of corruption in our offices of justice; with our respectable poor, hungry and ragged, and afraid to ask to work for bread, for fear of imprisonment; with a complaint of wages, a call to arms; with the State in the bloody hands of " BLACK belt HEROES " anxious to kill; with the Government (both State and national) a Despotism, an organic part of the great gold parasite conspiracy against human liberty; the great head of which is a Jew, the little head of which is a Drunken Hangman; with a "rifle diet" contin-ually offered. Is it strange that you, American Sons of Freedom, to save that freedom, are getting ready to take the "diet " ? With a rotten Representative Republic, that is not and cannot be a government " Of the people, By the people and For the people; " with the Useful Masses in possession of this fact, and the knowledge, that the whole slimy scheme was hatched out of the same nest of Vipers, from which came the Parasite bank scheme, and was formulated and foisted onto the people, by one Alexander Hamilton, an alien, a gold bug, a tory and a traitor, in the employ of English Parasites, the same as Judas John Sherman is and was when he engineered through the Crime of 1873, and the same as the Drunken Hangman is and was when he, with paramount patronage, forced through the crime of 1893. GOD'S COMMON PEOPLE know that the political crime of all ages: the crime of 1787, which displaced the Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union between the States, and destroyed all semblance of Self-government as contained in them in the " referendum; ' and perpetrated by the Dear Democratic Party in its innocent youth, when it was young and good, was like the Sayer election law, the finest work of the sharp men of the craft; and like that was fathered by a fool who thought an Infernal Infamy an eternal honor. With the Jew money system and the English wage slave system, and her " precedent " system fastened upon us; with the "highest expression" of our Shackles forged by her; with that which should bear the impress of our Sovereignty, bearing the image of a V ulture and the initials of an Englishman who made the design to look more like a buzzard than an Amer-ican eagle; when we look at these public crimes, and at the CORMORANT conditions that surround us, we are almost paralyzed by the "Eternal fitness of things." With the " ABOMINATION OF DESOLATION IN THE HOLY PLACES," " THE TIME IS RIPE AND IS NOW HERE," WHEN YOU MUST AWAKE! AROUSE YOURSELVES ! ! TAKE AC-TION OR TAKE SLAVERY! ! ! Your "Inalienable" rights are OSSIFIED; you can look at, you can listen to plutocracy's sirens sing of them; and you can exerciseŠthe PURSUIT of them. Christ, the incarnation of God, the Creator of lib-erty and Father of Freedom, both celestial and civil, was crucified, beaten with Roman rods and pierced with Roman spears; Coxey and Carl, Heirs of the Spirit of Liberty and sons of the People's Forerunners of Civil freedom I have been thrown into prison, beaten with American clubs and pierced with plutocracy's lies. Cromwell, a farmer, raised an army of " Psalm Singers," as the planes called them then, to establish the Commonwealth of England. He called on the House of Commons and CUT OFF the head of Charles. Cromwell established the CommonwEALTH, brought "wealth " within the reach of the people of " com-mon " birth (within the reach of all who possessed the cunning and cruelty of the wolf). Crowned "interest" (which before was a felon), which created plutocracy. Coxey, a fanner, and Carl, raised an army of " Hoboes," as the plutes call them now, to establish the CommonwEAL of Christ; they have called on the House of Congress and will establish the COMMONWEALŠthe Commongood, the Common- welfare ; DESTROY INTEREST; DEPOSE PLUTOCRACY; PREPARE THE FOOT STOOL; SET UP THE KINGDOM, AND CROWN CHRISTIANITY. If you are a good socialist you believe in the teach-ings, and will be a soldier in the Commonweal and a SON of Liberty. If you believe in Christ you must believe in His teachings; if you love Him you want to live in the midst of them, in manifestation not simply in mind. "Faith without works is dead." The time has come when His Kingdom is to be established. THE UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD OF MAN. People of Alabama, Freemen; put on your Armor, Organize yourselves! If you love your liberty; if you love your children; if youŁlove the memory of your Sires who have always borne the brunt of battle and the ensign of freedom, STRIKE NOW before it is too late. PLUTOCRACY IS ORGANIZED. Our brothers are organizing all over the country. (By organizing you can march to the polls in compa-nies and be sure of getting your votes counted as cast.) Alabama's name is first in the Galaxy of American Stars, and she must not be last in the Kingdom of Liberty, the COMMONWEAL OF CHRIST. You know, we all know that interest bearing bonds have ENSLAVED US, EATEN US UP. All know that non-interest bearing bondsŠ" Greenbacks "Šfought the civil war, vanquished the bravest and best soldiers on earth and Saved The Union. All the five million idle men and their famishing wives and chil-dren are willing to take, hungering to get, these NON-LICE bearing bondsŠGreenbacksŠin exchange for their labor; and this is what we are demanding through Gen. Coxey, and this is the secret of the plutes fighting to Desperation and Destruction. We demand the creation of greenbacks. They insist upon the creation of " Graybacks." This is the issue ! Are you a Greenbacker fighting for the expression of Your Sovereignty, the exercise of Self-government; or are you a " Grayback " feeding upon the body politic, Denying and Denouncing the expression of Your Sovereignty, the exercise of Self-government? The question is Greenbacks and Liberty, or Graybacks and Slavery ? THERE CAN BE NO SELF-GOVERNMENT WITH-OUT FIAT MONEY. Fiat money is to Self-government what the expres-sion activity is to the soul and body. Picture to your-self a soul and body without power of expression, the power to act, and you will see the condition of a people denied the exercise of the power to CREATE and CON-TROL their own currency. The " Ossified Man " is the type of our condition. Picture to yourself a body without a soul, a corpse with power to rattle its bones, and grin, and finally to stink, and you see the condi-tion of a Republic without the Referendum and Initi-ative. If gold, or gold and silver gives your money power, then gold or gold and silver is Sovereign, NOT YOU; and they who control them are your Masters. The Commonweal of Christ is the only organization de-manding your Sovereignty. The People's Party has sold out to the Silver Bugs, hence we have two Gold Bug parties and one Silver Bug party. The plutocrats and their sleuth hounds of Sodom will see you and your children starve; as they looked out of the windows of the American "Den of thieves and robbers" and saw Carl Browne and your brave brothers clubbed on the head and afterwards SENT TO JAIL IN HANDCUFFS, so they would see all the Christian Commonwealers starve to death and rot in the streets before they will pass our bills, for they would bring death to the "graybacks " and life to this living corpse of Self-government; prosperity and hap-piness to the people. Gen. Coxey and Carl, and all the Commonwealers have sworn that they will besiege Washington until our bills are made laws. You may have little faith in the power of Gen. Coxey, but you should remember that Abraham had no power of himself when he went to Sodom. He went in the Name of God, and Gen. Coxey went to the modern Sodom in the Name of God also. God told Abraham that if he could find as many as five good people in Sodom die would spare the city. He found four. The city was destroyed. To the present time Coxey's mission has been similar to Abraham's. He went in the Name of God and found two (the woman who took Carl out of jail and the man that took Jones out). Do you believe that the modern Sodom will be saved ? Does God change ? Thousands from the West are on the way to help our Brothers in Christ. Thousands more are organ-izing at home to be ready to help. This is what we have done, and ask you to do. Do you want your name recorded in the Commonweal of Christ ? Are you going to be a helper in the resurrection and en-thronement of liberty and surround your name with a halo of Łglory from that light on which all the eyes of God's common people are resting, and in which all their hopes are centered ? " Where the Spirit of God is there is liberty." Are  you, are Southerners too weak to rock the Cradle of Liberty, too cowardly to help kill the Serpent that is STRANGLING the babe ? Must the Ark of the Covenant be given to another people ? Or will you stand by, Sepulchered in Selfish-ness, and see your brothers of the West bear the bur-den and wear the Crown; or will you, like the vulture-hearted plutes, let the Vanguard starve in the streets of the city that cannot lay claim to even the virtue of hellŠGood Resolutions." THE STRUGGLE IS ON: THE QUESTION IS WHICH SIDE ARE YOU ON ? It can not be foiled or sidetracked. Are you with the Chief Priests, Scribes, Pharisees and Elders, or are you with God's common people ? IN THE NAME OF ALMIGHTY GOD AND LIB-ERTY, WE CALL UPON YOU TO ORCANI1ZE. Recommend a good man whose soul is in the cause and forward his name to me and I will commission him as County Recruiting officer, with full ins,truc-tions to organize you so that you can stand for your cominon good, or secure the counting of your ballots. JOHN BUNYAN WARE, Commander-in- Chief. Staff Officers. J. R. WILLIAMS, Chief of Staff. W. L. MnrrivIN, Adjutant-General. A. E. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General. W. T. WILLIAMS, Quartermaster General. REV.CYCLONE DALE, Chief of Commissary. J. H. BEAN, Assistant Chief of Commissary. LEANDREW J. SMITH, Colonel of Staff. D. A. WILLIAMS, Colonel of Staff. J. W. DOWSING, Medical Director. J. W. MAKENSON, Assistant Medical Director. L. C. THORNLY, Courier. Birmingham, Alabama, May 23, 1894. That labor of all kinds has grievances nobody acquainted with the facts can deny. The creators of wealth are cer-tainly entitled to a fair share of the prod- uct of their labor; that they do not get it is shown by statistics; but the remedy is not to be found in the direction of the march of the Commonweal. As long as human nature is as it is, "the poor shall never cease out of the land." Socialism is impracticable; anarchy would bring only more abject slavery. Man is as powerless to relieve the present distress as he is to change his own nature. Help can come alone from God; but it will not come by means of the so-called Commonweal. In speaking of the present condition of affairs, the Spirit of God has said by the Apostle James :Š Go to now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you. Your riches are corrupted, and your garments are motheaten, Your gold and silver is cankered; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you, and shall eat your flesh as it were fire. Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days. Behold, the hire of the laborers who have reaped down your fields, which is of you kept back by fraud, crieth : and the cries of them which have reaped are entered into the ears of the Lord of Sabaoth. Ye have lived in pleasure on the earth, and been wanton ; ye have nourished your hearts, as in a day of slaughter. Ye have condemned and killed the just; and he cloth not resist you. Be patient therefore, brethren, unto the coming of the Lord. Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, and bath long patience for it, until he receive the early and latter rain. Jas. 5 :1-7. It will be observed that a part of this statement is general, and a part specific. First, two classes are brought to view, namely, those who have heaped together treasure " in the last days " (Revised Ver-sion), and the laborers whose hire has been kept back by fraud. - Then another class is introduced, namely, the just, the people of God. To them the counsel is :Š Be patient therefore, brethren, unto the coming of the Lord. Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, and bath long patience for it, until he receive the early and latter rain. Be ye also patient; stablish your hearts; for the coining of the Lord draweth nigh. Grudge not one against another, brethren, lest ye be condemned: behold, the judge etaaideth before the door, Take, my brethren, 