AMERICAN SENTINEL. 435 from being lost. But why not choose that Sabbath which cannot be lostŠ"the seventh day [which] is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God"? Temperance Retrogression. THE following facts regarding this subject are pointed out in the New York Christian Advocate, by H. H. Moore, D. D.:Š "It is painfully apparent that the temperance wave in all sections, of the nation is fast receding, and that it is followed back by the surging flood of intoxicating drink. Even while Neal Dow was living and his mighty influence pervaded the State of Maine, its prohibitory constitution was trampled under foot and the State be-came a profitable market for foreign manufacturers, while in many localities all kinds of liquor were sold freely in broad daylight over saloon counters. "Though constitutional prohibition in that State has done much good, it has not fully met the expecta- tions of its friends either at home or abroad. In Iowa the friends of temperance and good order maintained for some years a stubborn fight against the ingress of the liquor traffic, but finally the weaker ones consented that corn, because of the ruinous cost in getting it to market, might be used in the State for the manufacture of intoxicants. Its glory thus departed. "The cause of temperance in Kansas has been kept on a higher plane, yet it is not what it ought to be in a State whose constitution pledges prohibition. We freely admit that all these States have done wellŠmuch better than their sistersŠand that they deserve much credit, yet we cherish the hope that something better is in store for poor, struggling humanity. "In glancing generally over the country we notice that the platforms are mostly silent which once earnestly pleaded for temperance. No attempt has recently been made by any State to secure constitutional prohibition. The Prohibition Party, backed by the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, is doing something to keep alive the moral aspects of the liquor traffic, but we are unable to see that it makes any progress toward ultimate leg-islative results. In our political contests, State and na-tional, it is scarcely regarded as a factor by either of the great parties." The writer then proceeds to outline a more effective way of dealing with the liquor evil than those hitherto tried. It must, he says, "be subjected most rigidly to all the laws of business;" "it must support itself, sus_ tain its own losses, and make good any damages it may inflict upon others or upon the public." He believes that "the liquor traffic cannot survive the full develop-ment of all the essential laws of its own existence." If this be so, then a tremendous mistake has been made in not recognizing it at the outset of the temper-ance crusade, and proceeding at once to develop these laws which would have made the business fatal to itself. But the real basis of the liquor business is not the blun-ders of temperance reformers, nor their ignorance, but the labk of public sentiment necessary to enforce the  measures enacted against it. While public sentiment does not demand the death of the liquor business, it will live. This retrogressiOn is a sad and an alarming feature of the times; and while it may have been unavoidable, the observation is pertinent that the temperance wave began to recede when the W. C. T. U. and the Prohibi-tion Party joined other issuesŠparticularly that of Sun-day enforcementŠwith the temperance issue, instead of giving their full strength to the creation of public senti-ment on that issue alone. Americanism, from the Papal Standpoint. BY H. F. PHELPS. A NEW YORK telegram of recent date mentioned the fact that The New Era, a Catholic journal, of London, - Eng., in its issue of June 24, published an interview with Archbishop Ireland, on "Americanism." "If by Americanism," says Mr. Ireland, "we are to understand theological errors condemned in the pope's letter, there has been and there is no such thing in Amer-ica. His eminence, Cardinal Gibbons, writing officially as representative of the American hierarchy to the pope, in response to the letter of his holiness, states this fact most clearly." After further remarks concerning the much discussed-letter of Leo XIII., Mr. Ireland proceeds to define "Americanism." Of course this must be understood from the standpoint of the Roman Catholic Church. As such it is worthy of careful consideration. It most cer-tainly emphasizes all that has ever been said by the AMERICAN SENTINEL as to the purposes of Rome toward the United States. "If, however," continues the Archbishop, "by Ameri-canism is understood a loyal adhesion on the part of American Catholics to the political condition of their country, and to its Constitution and laws, then Ameri-canism surely exists among them. American Catholics proclaim no thesis which might be applicable to other nations or other times, "If, again, by Americanism we are to understand a sincere desire to turn to the profit of the church the con-ditions which modern times and the peculiar circum-stances of our country create, then Americanism of this kind can be imputed to us. We in America lose no time in theorizing over possible but not existing situations, nor in dreaming of conditions of past ages. We do the work that is before us. "If, finally, by Americanism we mean activity in re-ligious work, personal initiative which leaves no stone unturned in seeking success, while always governed in what we do by the superior direction of pope and bish-ops, then there is among us Americanism. Among 