THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 69 obtain possessions in India for the British State, it was he and not the State who was guilty of the forgery.ŠEditord We have yet to consider how far the State is justified in enforcing the precepts of Christ upon its subjects. Of such an attempt I have said that it would result in the establishing of an intolerable tyranny. His great law, as we have seen, is that of self-sacrifice entire and absolute, even to the giving up of life itself when he de-mands it. Now self-sacrifice, being op-posed to the natural instinct of self-pres-ervation, can only become possible by the help of some strong, deep passion, which overmasters this natural instinct. That passion in ChriSt's kingdom is love. Now . this constraining motive is precisely that thing which the State cannot supply. It has no power to kindle in men's hearts that consuming fire of divine love which burns out the selfishness of human nature. Nor has it "treasure in heaven" where-with to reward those who sacrifice for it treasures upon earth. The State, there-fore, if it is to be just, must not demand in the name of law what can only be de-manded or conceded in the name of love. To demand them, apart from that con-dition which can alone make them endur-able, would be to act unjustly and tyran- Ł nically. THE STATE CANNOT ENFORCE CHRIST'S 2RECEPTS. In the next place, however, it is to be observed that the attempt to enforce Christian precepts by the State can never prove successful. It is not possible for the State really to enforce any precept of Christ. As a proof of this let us take this very question of Christian socialism. Christianity, as it seems to me, is mani-festly neither socialistic nor communistic, inasmuch as it does not require as a con-dition of membership in the Christian so-ciety either the abolition of property, which is communism, or any form of compulsory redistribution of it, which is ,socialism. It would be communistic if it had said that no Christian shall possess property. It would be socialistic if it had said that every Christian shall submit to a certain redistribution of his property by the rulers of the Church. It says, however, neither of theSe things. In the impulsive attempt at communism, recorded in the Acts of the Apostles, the right of each individual to give away or to retain his property as he might think fit is distinctly recognized. "Whilst it remained was it not thine own ? After it was sold was it not in thine own power?" This is not communism. In all its many precepts of benevolence and charity, the amount and the manner of distribution by the rich to the poor is left to the judgment and conscience of the in-dividual. This is not socialism. Let us suppose, however, the State proceeding to enforce some one of these Christian pre-cepts of benevolence,Š such, for instance,  as this : " Charge them who are rich in this world that they be ready to give and glad to distribute;" and that it does this by taking forcibly from the rich and dis-tributing to the poor. Is it not clear that the moment the State has done this it has made it impossible to obey this precept? For how can a man "give" that which the State has taken from him, or "distribute" that which the State is distributing in his stead ? And as for the gladness and the readiness in such a case, we all know what is the gladness and the readiness with which we greet the visits of the rate-collector. The State would, in that case, have substituted for a charitable gift a legal impost, and would thereby have de-stroyed the freewillingness which is of the very essence of all Christian charity. If socialism then meansŠwhat I suppose most persons would understand it to mean Šthe forcible redistribution of wealth by the State, Christian socialism is a contra-diction in terms; for Christianity knows nothing of force; its motive power is love, and where force begins love ends. And this is the real meaning of the saying that we cannot make men virtuous by act of Parliament. We cannot do so because free-willingness is of the essence of all virtue. We can, therefore, no more have State Christian benevolence than we can have State Christian temperance, or State Chris-tian chastity, or State Christian virtue of any kind whatsoever. To talk, therefore, of the State, in this matter of socialism, "compelling men to obey the precepts of Christ " is to talk undiluted and mischiev-ous nonsense. THE STATE CANNOT BECOME THE CHURCH. The conclusion from all that I have said seems to me then to be briefly this : The Church is not and cannot become the State; the State is not and cannot become the Church. These words stand for two wholly distinct and different societies, having different aims, different laws, and different methods of government. The State exists for the preservation of men's bodies; the Church for the salvation of their souls. The aim of the State, even put at its highest, is the welfare of its cit-izens in this world; the aim of the Church is their holiness here in order to their wel-fare hereafter. The duty of the Church is to eradicate sin; the duty of the State is to prevent or to punish crime. When we hear pious men clamoring for the State to "put down" this because it is "so wrong," or to enforce that because it is "so right," insisting, that is to say, that the State shall constitute itself the guard-ian of men's souls as it is the guardian of their bodies, and as such that it should re-press all vice and all irreligion as it is bound to repress all crimeŠwe are amazed that they do not see what results would follow from their principles if logically carried out. Once, and once only, in our history were they so carried out. It was  during the brief but terrible reign[ of the saints in England; and those who know` what a sour, sullen, and dreary tyranny that reign established, what hypocrisy it fostered, and what a wildly licentious re-action it produced, may well view with anxiety symptoms of an attempt to revive such a government among us now, believ-ing that it would result in a fussy, prying, omnipresent, and utterly unendurable rule of faddists and of fanatics, to be followed after a time by just such an outburst of licentiousness as marked the period of our Restoration. It is for this reason that I, for one, do not care to see the sanction of Christianity invoked in behalf of any schemes of political change. Christianity is no more a " judge and divider " of men's " inheritance" now than was her Master long ago. Men may not now any more than they might then "take him by force to make him a king." (Concluded next week.) "Sunday Shaving" THE local barbers' union of Detroit, Michigan, have made an appeal to all Christian pastors and people, asking them to lend their assistance in the effort the union is now making to close the barber-shops of the city on Sunday. The appeal sets forth that the journeymen barbers are now compelled to labor three hundred and sixty-five days in the year, keeping such unreasonable hours that they are wholly unable to enjoy any social or religious privileges. It is no doubt a great grievance for the barbers, or anybody else for that matter, to be compelled to work seven days in the week. But we are not aware that there is a law in existence requiring any such amount of labor ; and we do know that there is a law which requires them to rest on Sunday. Why, then, do they not take their rest ? The fact that these men work seven days in the week shows that they have no regard for the Sabbath command-ment, and consequently they are not re-ligious. The query at once arises, Why was this appeal made to the preachers ? They are not the law-making power in the nation. Why should they make an appeal to those who profess to be religious to help them in securing that for which they have no regard, and which they al-ready possess ? That is like the boy pickt ing up stones in the meadow. He said that he was looking for something he did n't want to find. These barbers claim that they want so-cial and religious privileges. But there is a law which grants them all the religious privileges they could reasonably ask for, and there is another law which if en-forced, would absolutely require them to take their Sunday rest. But as they pay no regard whatever to the right which they have to rest on Sunday, nor to the law which requires them to rest on that 