286 VoL. 10, No. 36. day. What shall we do? If we belong to that class in which the prophets and apostles were found shall we not trample this usurpa-tion of authority in the dust ? The powers that be have not yet ceased meddling with things which belong only to the spiritual realm. Shall we justify them by rendering our allegiance to them, or condemn them by obeying God ? Shall we obey the other strong injunction (1 Peter 2 : 13), Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake " in this case by keeping the obligation of the Sunday law, or shall we violate the wicked obligation and calmly submit to the penalty ? Is not the latter the way the. Hebrew worthies did ? What better precedents could we have ? And will not the great God, Creator of heaven and earth, vindicate the cause of his loyal subjects who from pure principle stand out boldly against all tyranny, whether in the home, in the church, or in the State ? Shall not we believe in him and trust that he will ? Baltimore, Md., Sept. 1, 1895. -0- " THOU SHALT NOT WORK." Š " SUNDAY LAWS "Š" SUPERIOR'S BLUE LAWS." BY H. F. PHELPS. THE above,  are the titles of a news item from West Superior, Wis., as appears in the morn- ing papers of the 28th of August. It appears that the Law and Order League of that city made threats that the Sunday laws shall be enforced as interpreted by the ancient blue laws, and they are now giving proof that they intend to be as good as their word. C. R. Fridley is the attorney of the league, and complaints have been made against ten different parties, representing the candy, tobacco, news, fruit, boating, drugs and street-car traffic. In stating the object of the league, Judge Fridley said thatŠ It is a mistake to suppose that the Law and Order League is made up entirely of liquor dealers. They are and will be the most active in carrying out the' purposes of the league, because they are the most in-terested; but persons of other kinds of business and in the professions are members of the organization and in sympathy with its purposes. The intention of the league is to do just what it claimsŠto prosecute all offenses against the Sunday laws until everything is closed up or else everything is open on Sunday. The purpose is not to get the authorities to compro-mise with the saloon men or to run the town, but it is to get an expression of public sentiment on the ques-tion of the enforcement of the blue laws which will be decisive. All offenders against the Sunday laws will be promptly, vigorously and persistently prosecuted until this question is settled. A test case will be made as to the right of the street car company to operate its road on Sunday, and if we are successful, there will be no more street-cars desecrating the sabbath with their diabolical noise. Here, then, is another element by which the man-made sabbath will be exalted before the world, and by which men will be com-pelled to worship the beast and his image and to receive the mark of his name. Of course, no one can definitely predict as to the outcome of this particular movement; but without doubt it will be a compromise. No doubt the ultimate object is to secure a repeal of the Sunday laws. It will give the enemies of the true Sabbath another opportunity to class those who will stand for the principle of obe-dience to God's written word and in defense of the inalienable rights of all men, with the saloon element, as stated by a recent writer, " Those who honor the Bible Sabbath will be denounced as enemies of law and order, as breaking down the moral restraints of society, causing anarchy. and corruption, and calling down the judgments of God upon the earth.  Their conscientious scruples will be pronounced obstinacy, stubbornness, and contempt of au-thority. They will be accused of disaffection toward the government. A false coloring will be given to their words; the worst pos-sible construction will be put upon their mo-tives." Such a crisis is before us. Ł 1- Ł  MORE PRESS COMMENTS CONCERNING RELI-GIOUS PERSECUTION. Is This Religious Liberty? [Farm and Stock Record, Del Rio, Texas, August 101 IN Tennessee the Seventh-day Adventists are being imprisoned for " violating " Sunday by work. These people very properly observe the seventh day of the week, Saturday, as commanded by our Lord, and work Sunday. Is this the religious liberty guaranteed us by the Constitution, or is it not rather the ap-proaching tread of the dragon of Revelation to whom power is to be given for a season? It cannot be safely denied that the Seventh-day Adventists have the authority of Scripture for the observance of the seventh day, Satur-day. " The Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath." Mark 2:28. "But the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Ex. 2: 10. " In vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men." Matt. 15: 9. The sabbath of Con- stantine is not the Sabbath of our Lord. No Excuse For It. [Laramie (Wyo.) Times, July 27.] DAYTON, Tenn., is now the scene of a trav-esty on justice worthy the Dark Ages. Nine honest, industrious men, all Seventh-day Ad-ventists, save one, and he the son of a Sev-enth-day Adventist lady, a widow, were tried July 1 and 2, convicted, and in default of payment of fine and costs, amounting to nearly $40, were imprisoned in the county jail for terms ranging from seventy-five to ninety days. . . . Protestants are being persecuted by means of State enactments in several Roman Catholic countries of South America. They have de-manded of the pope that these persecuting acts be repealed. The papal secretary of state answers in substance, that these statutes are " civil " enactments, not religious. We are sorry for these persecuted Protestants, and we denounce this " civil " excuse as a mere dodge. But is it less of an excuse than the one the Tennessee court can give for persecuting the poor men as above stated? Is it not about time that religious liberty will be insisted upon by the civilized world? "The Bible On Their Side." [Pennsylvania Grist, Williamsport, August 11.] IN America the State has nothing to do with the religious observance of any day. Lately, in Maryland, certain zealous people have se-cured the prosecution of the Seventh-day Ad-ventists because they choose to work upon the first day of the week. It is not charged that these seventh-day Christians are not good citizens; that they do not live upright lives. They are prosecuted because the law of Mary-land prohibits all secular occupations except works of necessity or charity on a certain day. Clearly the law is unjust to the Adventists. They have the Bible on their side. Father Enright, a Roman Catholic priest at Harlan, Iowa, says: " I have repeatedly of-fered $1,000 to any one who will furnish any proof from the Bible that Sunday is the day we are bound to keep. It was the Holy Cath-olic Church that changed the day .of rest from Saturday to Sunday, the first day of the week." It was a Romish council that anathematized those who kept the seventh day, Saturday. Well may the priest ask: " What right have Protestant churches to observe Sunday?" So the whole religious world goes back on the Bible and obeys ,the Romish Church in the observance of ,the first day of the week, and all the legislative bodies of Christendom are sadly in fault in providing penalties for those who believe in and follow the Bible in respect to the Sabbath. Contrary to Free Government. [Globe, Council Bluffs, Iowa., July 26.] THE State has no right to say to the citizen which day he shall observe as the Sabbath. If the State should go so far in asserting control as to determine the day of worship, it could hardly do otherwise than appoint the seventh day, as the highest authority on religion is the Bible, and the Bible says that " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Therefore, if the State or society be inclined to exercise authority to this extent, it can ap-point no other than the seventh day without violating one of the ten injunctions of the Decalogue. . . . Such legislation is con-trary to the spirit and letter of the Federal Constitution, and is clearly hostile to the prin-ciples of free go ernment. A Relic of Witch-Burning Days. [New Era, Ropkinstille, ICy., July 19.] Tins [Sunday law] is a relic of the witch-burning days of the New England Puritans. * The law in force in regard to the observance of the first day of the week was so strict that it forbade a man to kiss his wife or children on that day, and forbade making up beds, sweeping, shaving, chewing or smoking to-bacco, or engaging in anything except "going decorously to and from the meeting-house."  Persons violating tb ese Sunday laws were fined pretty heavily and put in the public stocksŠa painful and disgraceful punishment. The Seventh-day Adventists keep Saturday, the seventh day of the week, holy, and do no work of any kind, but spend the day attend-ing religious services at their churches and homes. They work on Sunday, the first day of the week, and get severely punished by the antiquated puritanical and tyrannical laws of Tennessee. Such laws should no longer disgrace the statute books of, our sister State. Persecuted For Sabbath-Keeping. [Ohio Soldier (Chillicothe), July 27.] IT is evident to any unprejudiced person who will note the facts in the case, that: the trouble is not that these people work on the first day of the week, but that they do not work on the seventh day; for the principal complainant was compelled, on the witness stand, to acknowledge that he was at workŠgoing to borrow a plowŠwhen he saw these Adventists at work. It is also a fact that a number of furnaces * This is a mistake. " Witches " were hanged but never burned in New England.ŠEn. SENTINEL. 