Tit n AMERICAN SRNTINEL. tl Indeed the worst Sunday laws to be found in the United States; are upon the statute books of some of the Southern States, notably, Tennessee; and the South may safely be counted upon as being strongly in favor of the object of the American Sabbath Union, namely: the securing of Sunday observance upon the basis of the fourth 60mmandment, and that by civil law so far as is necessary. The friends of religious liberty and of freedom of action and conscience, have. nothing whatever to hope for because of the differences which have sprung up between leading men in the American Sabbath Union. It still re-mains true, even in this, that "vigilance is the price of liberty." C. P. B. Our Nation's Danger. To people generally in this country the thought that "eternal vigilance is the price of liberty" seldom occurs; Everything is apparently running along smoothly; their business is not interfered with, direct taxes do not burden them, they have no royal family to support, and, none aye called to account to an Inquisition or a Star Cham-ber for their religion. But in this very feeling of security, this indifference unless there is some barefaced aggression upon their liberties, there is danger. It is not When a householder is watching and pre-pared for attack that the thief puts in his appearance. But it is when, after long continued., freedom from molestation, a false sense of security from danger is felt that he comes in at the unfastened door or open window. So in the numerous cases of embezzlement throughout our land, it is not the openly dishonest persons who are always regarded with suspicion that do the work; but it is he who is intrusted with funds without due care being taken to see that he faithfUlly executes his trust. Likewise in the case of the Nation if the citizens do not regard their liberties with a jealous care, if they do not vigor-ously oppose the first indication of despot-ism, if they do not resist the first steps in unjust taxation, if they do not antagonize the minor violations of the principle of re-ligious equality, the time will come, and it may not bey very far distant, when the rights of the people will be trampled in the dust. This is a danger that has been seen and emphasized by the greatest of our American statesmen. It is a trait of hu-man nature too manifest to escape the ob-serving mind. Some of the most important of the writings of our early statesmen utter this warning to the.American people, and the truth df their words is so evident to the lover of our free institutions that we cannot disregard them with impunity. Among these documents is Madison's famous memorial and remonstrance to the Legislature of Virginia; and in that re-monstrance he says, "It is proper to take 41arna at the first experiMent upon our lib.  erties. We hold this prudent jealousy to be the first duty of citizens, and one of the noblest characteristics of the late Revolu- tion. The freemen of America did not wait till usurped power had strengthened itself by exercise, and entangled the ques-tion by precedents. They saw all the con-sequences in the principle, and they avoided the consequences by denying the principle. We revere this lesson too much soon to forget it. Who does not see that the same authority which can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other religions, may es-tablish with the same ease any particular sect of Christians in exclusion of all other sects ?Šthat the same authority which can force a citizen to contribute three pence only of his property for the support of any one establishment may force him to con-form to any other establishment in all cases whatsoever ?" Think of these words, and then think of the hundreds of thousands of dollars that are,  annually appropriated to sectarian in-stitutions out of the treasuries of munici-palities, States, and Nation; and then ask yourself if it is not time that the American people were awaking to the dangers which threaten us, and opposing these illegitimate appropriations and further aggressions in the same line proposed by the pending con-stitutional amendment providing for the teaching of the "unsectarian " principles of Christianity in our public schools. Is it not time for the people to be aroused to these flagrant violations of American prin-ciples ? It is the repeated transgressions of rights that strengthen the hands of despotism ; and in a republic it is only by indifference to the first aggressions upon a people's rights that they can be entirely disregarded. Another danger against which the Amer-ican people in the past have been repeatedly warned is our legislation on the Sunday question. If this religious question is de-cided, why can we not decide other religious questions ? " If the principle is once estab-lished," says the United States Senate re-port on Sunday legislation, of 1829, "that religion, or religious observances, shall be interwoven with our legislative acts, we must pursue it to its ultimatum." And again : " Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are, in the opin-ion of the committee, always dangerous. This first effort of the kind calls for the establishment of a principle which, in the opinion of the committee, would lay the foundation for dangerous innovations upon the spirit of the 'Constitution, and upon the religious rights of the citizens. If ad-mitted, it may be justly apprehended that the future measures of the Government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence. " All religious despotism commences by combination and influence; and when that influence begins to operate upon the polit-ical institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catas- trophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequence." But, says the report, "though the com-mittee would hope that no portion of the citizens of our country would willingly in-troduce a system of religious coercion in our civil institutions, the example of other nations should admonish us to watch care-fully against its earliest indication." Jefferson also saw clearly how apt the people were to become wholly absorbed in business affairs while laws were being en-forced subversive of their rights. In his "Notes on Virginia," query xvii, he says: Besides, the spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our people careless. A single zealot may commence persecu-tion, and better men be his victims. It can never be too often repeated, that the time for fixing every essential right on a legal basis is while our rulers are honest, and ourselves united. From the conclu-sion of this war we shall be going down hill. It will not then be necessary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be forgotten, there-fore, and their rights disregarded. They will forget themselves, but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of uniting to effect a due re-spect for their rights. The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in a convulsion. To watch our representatives with a jealous eye, and to resist "the first exper-iment upon our liberties" is, as Madison says, "the first duty of citizens." In har-mony with this statement of the "father of the Constitution," Herbert Spencer ar-gues as follows :Š Lastly, the supremacy of this same faculty [the faculty responding to the law of equal freedomŠthe moral sense] affords the only guarantee fer the sta-bility of a democracy. On the part of the people it gives rise to what we call a jealousy of their liber-tiesŠa watchful determination to resist anything like encroachment upon their rights: whilst it gen-erates amongst those in power such a respect for these rights as checks any desire they may have to aggress. Conversely, let the ruled be deficient in the in-stinct of freedom, and they will be indifferent to gradual usurpation of their privileges so long as it entails no immediate inconvenience upon them ; and the rulers in such case, being deficient in sympa-thetic regard for these privileges, will be to a like extent unscrupulous in usurping. Let us observe, in detail, the different modes in which men thus contradistinguished comport themselves under a rep-resentative form of government. Amongst a people not yet fitted for such a form, citizens, lacking the impulse to claim equal power with each other, become careless in the exercise of their franchise, doubt whether it is of any use to them, and even pride themselves on not interfering in public affairs.* Provided their liberties are but indirectly affected, they will watch the passing of the most insidious measures with vacant unconcern. It is only barefaced aggressions that they can per-ceive to be aggressions at all. Placing, as they do, but little value upon their privileges, they are readily bribed. When threatened, instead of assuming that attitude of dogged resistance which the instinct of freedom dictates, they truckle. . . Meanwhile, in accordance with that law of social homogeneity lately dwelt upon, those in authority are in a like * As an illustration of this, note the behavior of the Prussian electors following the revolution of 1848; or observe the attitude of the colored population of our own country. Also note the elevating tendency that self-dependence and selfŁgovernment has upon individuaLs,Š. a> strong argument for universal email.* ciretion.. 