qi 111hil ... Ł Ł Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or politicalŠThomas /cferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK;' JANUARY 8, 1891. NUMBER 2. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW Yons. Entered at the New York Post, Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - Ł ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKim. IT was with a kiss that Judas betrayed his 'divine Master : and we should all be admonished no matter what our faith may be, that the rights of conscience cannot be so successfully assailed as under the pretext of holiness. Š Col. Richard M. Johnson. ON the 1.9th ult., there was introduced, simultaneously in the Senate, and House of Representatives, a bill providing that no exhibition or exposition, for which an appropriation is made by Congress, shall be opened on Sunday. Senator Dawes, of Massachusetts, introduced the Łbill in the Senate, and Representative Morse, of the same State, was its champion in the House. The penalty attached to the bill is a fine of not less than $100 nor more than $1,000. APROPOS to our statement made last week, that it is self-evident that every man has, so far as his fellow-men are concerned, an inalienable right to perfect liberty of conscience, is the following from Col. Richard M. Johnson, which came to our notice after our article was written. In his report to the House of Representatives, March 4, 1830, Mr. Johnson said :Š " The framers of the Constitution recog-nized the eternal principle that man's rela-tion with his God is above human, legisla-tion, and his rights of conscience inalien-able. Reasoning was not necessary to establish his truth ; we are conscious of it in our bosoms. It is this consciousness,  which in defiance of human laws, has sus-tained so many martyrs in torture and in flames. They felt that their duty to God was superior to human enactments, and that man could exercise no authority over their consciences. It is an inborn princi-ple which nothing can eradicate. The bigot in the pride of his authority, may lose sight of it, but, strip him of his power, prescribe a faith to him which his con-science rejects, threaten him in turn with the dungeon and the fagot, and this spirit which God has implanted in him rises up in rebellion and defies you." Sunday Laws Invade-the Realm of Con-science. - Mn. CRAFTS'S second article is entitled "Is the Sabbath Imperilled ?" Of course he means to ask whether the Sunday is imperilled ; and to this inquiry he answers, "Yes." And he declares that "Sunday's worst foes are of its own household." We here present quite a lengthy extract on this point, as it gives an excellent view of the Sunday-law question; and coming, as it does, officially, is of particular value. He says:Š But I believe the chief difficulty is that in the Christian descendants of the Puritans on both sides of the sea conscience is no longer regnant, but indul-gence reigns in its stead. Christians break the Sab-bath chiefly because it seems pleasanter or more profitable to do so than to do right. Even church committees receive men into church membership who are doing needless work on the Sabbath, and intend to continue so doing, sanctioning the excuse that otherwise a salary will have to be sacrificed. That is, a man ought to do right except when it will cost him something. With such a fountain the subsequent Christian life cannot be expected to rise above the idea that tho Sabbath is to be kept only when it is perfectly convenient to do so. [The preachers ought not to blame the people for that, for it is the preachers who have taught the people so.ŠEn.] Thus convenience has displaced con-science in thousands of Christians. " What shall we do with our Presbyterian elders ?" said a pastor to me recently. "One of my elders owns the motor line, and another the electric cars that carry the people to Sunday picnics and base-ball." Half the railroads of the country, I believe, after abundant opportunity to inquire, are owned  by men who are devoutly singing, " 0 day of rest and gladness," in the churches, while their employes are'.  toiling and cursing on their Sunday trains. The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church is itself a stockholder in a liquor-selling, Sabbath-breaking, railroad. Some commissioner should raise the question whether it ought not to follow the example of its illustrious adherent, Hon. Wm. E. Dodge, and refuse to share the "wages of un-righteousness." Sunday camp-meetings, which the New England Conference calls "the scandal of Methodism," are not yet wholly abolished, nor that other scandal, the use of Sunday trains by some presiding elders. In one of our great cities a leading officer of a Congregationalist Church devoutly worships every Sabbath morning, while his employes indevoutly work, driving all over the city to furnish the people that necessity of life, ice-cream. One Easter Sab-bath I looked into a post-office and saw those who had been learning of the spiritual resurrection in flowers and songs and sermons, with prayer-books and hymn-books in hand, and one in a Quaker bon-net, getting their letters and bills and newspapers, as to bury the risen Lord again. Taking a swift run from city to city, let us see who are the owners or controllers of the Sunday papers. In this first city a Baptist trustee, in this next a Methodist steward, in this next a Presbyterian elder, in this next the editors of both Sunday papers are Methodists, and so following. Who owns that little store that sells candies and cigarettes and fire-crackers to little embezzlers on their way to Sabbath-school ? A Covenanter, who is very particular that no one should call the Sab-bath Sunday, but allows it to be heathenized in her own buildings rather than risk the rent. " Judgment must indeed begin at the house of God," which means discipline. Candidates for the ministry and for membership should be examined as to their Sabbath observance, that they may start right, and then be admonished at the first open vio-lation of their vows in this line. " I commanded the Levites," said Nehemiah, "that they should pu-rify themselves, and that they should come and keep the gates to sanctify the Sabbath'day." From this it appears that the churches are filled with people who have little re-spect for the rules or discipline of the churches to which they belong, and less respect for Sunday. And this extract fully justifies the statement which we have often made, that the main object of Sunday-laws is the enforcement of church discipline not only upon the church members but upon Vie people who do not belong to the church at all. That is the secret of all the Sunday laws that ever have been. It was the ob- 