NOVEMBER 8, 1894. .A_MC11-4:11=t SIINPICINTIF11-40 347 nation from the judgment of God by methods exactly similar to the methods of the Sabbath Association and law and order leagues of the present day. It was shown that as Jesus, the true Sabbath-keeper, was persecuted for his faithful-ness in Sabbath-keeping, by the Sabbath-breakers of Jerusalem, so the true Sabbath-keepers in our time are being persecuted by the Sabbath-breakers (Sun-day-keepers) for their faithfulness in keeping the same Sabbath day which Jesus kept. The Seventh-day Adventist Church in Williamsport manifested a commendable zeal in circulating religious liberty litera-ture. On the Monday preceding the Sab-bath Association meeting they circulated fifty-two thousand pages of this literature, and later one thousand copies of the SEN-TINEL. Even the mothers and children engaged heartily in this work. The people of this country will not appreciate the herculean struggle in which Seventh-day Adventists are engaged for the preserva-tion of religious freedom until it is too late. At the first session of the Sabbath ob-servance meeting held in the Pine Street Methodist Church, Tuesday morning at 11: 30, the subject, " Sunday Mails" was discussed. The burden of the speeches was the laxity of Christians in the matter of sending and receiving mail on Sunday, and tale necessity of a combine of the Christian people to force from Congress,Šwhich was likened to the unjust judge,Ša law forbidding the transportation and distribution of mail on Sunday. It was urged that this was a Christian nation on the authority of the Supreme Court of the United States, and therefore the Christian people of the country would be heard and heeded in their demands for the enforce-ment of Christian institutions and usages. One speaker became so enthused with the prospects of the Sabbath which they hoped to secure by the aid of civil law, that he declared that it would make "devils on horseback holiness unto the Lord." The greater part of the afternoon session was devoted to the discussion and adoption of resolutions regarding the maintenance of the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794. After much discussion it was decided to demand an increase of the present penalty of four dollars to twenty-five dollars. Some feared that this demand for an in-creased penalty might furnish the opposi-tion with a weapon they would use to destroy the entire law. But the prevail-ing sentiment was that the time had come for aggressive work, and if the demand for a $25 penalty invited an attack on the whole law it would be met with the thun-ders of the combined church. Many ad-vocated, demanding a fine of one hundred dollars, and others imprisonment for the third offense. The atmosphere of this meeting reminded one of historical de-scriptions of the heresy tribunals of the Dark Ages. In the evening a Williamsport attorney delivered an address of welcome to the delegates of the convention. Knowing the sentiments that would be most wel-come to the ears of the delegates he de-voted his entire time to reading decisions of the supreme court of Pennsylvania sus-taining the Sunday law of 1794 and argu-ing that Seventh-day obervers could find no shelter in the constitution of the State which says: " All men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their con- sciences; and . . . that no human authority can in any case whatever con-trol or interfere with the rights of con-science, and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious estab-lishments or modes of worship." The president of the Cumberland Valley Sabbath Association responded by nar-rating how he had intimidated the last legislature and helped to prevent the repeal of the Sunday law of 1794 by ap-pearing before the committee with the names of 30,000 church members which had been gathered in the Cumberland Valley. All were exhorted to rally for the main-tenance of the Pennsylvania Sunday law against the " conspiracy," and " treason," and " anarchy " which was looking tt its repeal this winter. The prevailing sentiment of the meeting was that with the fall of the Sunday law would go all civility, morality, and reli-gion, and, in their plebes, would come anarchy with temporal and eternal ruin. It is evident that these men believe this, and hence their earnestness in its enforce-ment, even though, as one member of the convention said to the writer, " Seventh-day Adventists must be arrested and pros-ecuted." At the forenoon session of the second day's convention resolutions were passed condemning Sunday newspapers, Sunday street cars, Sunday mails, and calling for the organization of law and order leagues in every city and town in the State, and the boycotting of every candidate for public office favorable to the repeal of the present Sunday law or opposed to increas-ing the penalty to $25. One resolution asked professed Christians to be consis-tent and keep the Sabbath (Sunday) them-selves. Many pertinent things were said along this line. It was stated that the violation of the Sunday by professed Christions lay at the very foundation of the present disregard for the day. It was also stated ministers dared not rebuke this disregard of Sunday for fear of losing their hearers. Hence the safest and easi-est way out of the dilemma was the strong arm of the State. Preparations were made for a great struggle this winter, not merely for the preservation of the present law, but for an increased penalty. Petitions will be circulated in every part of the State, and a combined effort be made to force from the legislature the desired legislation. Throughout the entire convention there was manifest an intense earnestness which bespeaks an honest conviction, but which is ominous of further encroachment on the liberties of the people. Ignorance or DishonestyŠWhich? IN its issue of October 25, the Christian Work has notes on the International S. S. lesson for November 4, the title of which is, "Jesus Lord of the Sabbath." These notes are by " Rev. Joseph Newton Hal-lock," the editor of the paper in which they appear. The lesson recounts the circumstances of the plucking of the ears of corn on the Sabbath by the disciples and of the charge of Sabbath-breaking brought against them by the Pharisees; also the healing of the withered hand on the following Sabbath. Mr. Hallock comments upon the first event, namely, the plucking of the ears of corn, and then says:Š Our Lord had silenced his accusers once, but on the following Sunday they were at the synagogue watch- ing him again with malicious hearts, hoping that per-chance they might pervert even his works of gracious healing into a just cause of accusation. When they saw the man with the withered hand they were exult-ant, for they were sure that Christ would heal him, and thus, in their estimation, break the Sabbath. First they had attacked the man who had carried his bed upon the Sabbath, then they had accused the dis-ciples, and now with evil malevolence they were about to pounce upon Christ himself, and accuse the Lord of the Sabbath of breaking it. It is concerning this that we inquire, Is it ignorance or dishonestyŠwhich ? That the Pharisees did not accuse Christ of breaking the Sabbath on Sunday need not be asserted. Sunday was to the Jews just what Monday is to most people nowŠnamely, the first of the six working days. Moreover, the Pharisees did not resort to the synagogue to watch Christ on Sunday, for he was not at the synagogue on that day. Sunday was not the day when the Jews resorted to the synagogue. The Sabbath, the seventh day of the week, the day just before Sunday, was the day upon which the people resorted to the synagogue and upon which the Pharisees watched Jesus to see whether he would heal " on the Sabbath day." Only the words of Holy Writ can ade-quately describe this confounding of the holy and the profane, this effort to make Sunday and Sabbath synonymous : " There is a conspirady of her prophets in the midst thereof, like a roaring lion ravening the prey: they have devoured souls; they have taken the treasure and precious things; they have made her many widows; in the midst thereof. Her priests have violated my law, and have profaned mine holy things: they have put no difference between the holy and profane, neither have they shewed difference between the unclean and the clean, and have hid their eyes from my Sabbaths, and I am profaned among them." Ezek. 22: 25, 26. Alexander Campbell on Sunday Laws. [In 1820 there was organized in West Middletown, Washington Co., Pa., a society, called the West Mid-dletown Moral Society. The principal object of the society was to enforce the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, which is still on the statute books of the State. This Moral Society was organized by the United Presbyterians, the same people who, later in 1863, organized the National Reform Association. Alex-ander Campbell, the founder of the Christian or Dis-ciple Church, ably opposed the society in a series of articles published in the Reporter, of Washington, county seat of Washington County. His articles were signed `Ł Candidus." A United Presbyterian minister, by the name of Wylie, attempted to defend the society, and signed himself "Timothy." The discussion con-tinued from April 17, 1820, the date of Mr. Campbell's first article, to February 22, 1822, during which time almost every phase of the compulsory Sunday law question was treated. As a result the Moral Society perished, not to appear again until 1863 when it was revived by the same denomination under the name, National Reform. Association. Every word of Mr. Campbell's invincible logic and withering denuncia-tion is applicable to the association, resuscitated under the name, National Reform Association, and kindred organizations, such as the American Sabbath Union, the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, etc.] IN the first paragraph of Timothy, No. 1, you will find these words: " It then be-comes the imperious duty of every friend of order and law to do his utmost to carry the provisions of the law into effect." Such, sir, is the specious and imposing garb under which T. presents his strict-ures upon my numbers. From these words it is to be inferred that T. is a friend of order and law, and that I am not. Either inference is, however, destitute of proof. But perhaps this phrase, so pretty, is only now and then used by T. to decorate a sentence otherwise languid, or to round off a period otherwise disso, 