AMERICAN SENTINEL. 379 the Outlook, the Rev. Leighton Williams, of Amity Bap-tist Church, the Rev. Dr. R. Heber Newton, of All Souls' Protestant Episcopal Church, the Rev. Samuel T. Carter, of the Church Union, and the Rev. W. C. Gannet, Unita-rian, of Rochester. Professor McGiffert, of Union Theo-logical Seminary, was at the meeting. An executive committee was appointed to arrange for the conference. Its members are the Rev. Dr. H. M. Sanders (Baptist), the Rev. Dr. Josiah Strong (Congregationalist), theRev. Dr. Henry Mottet (Episcopalian), the Rev. Stephen S. Wise (Hebrew), the Rev. Dr. E. S. Tipple (Methodist), L. A. Maynard (Presbyterian), the Rev. Dr. J. K. Allen (Reformed), the Rev. Thomas R. Slicer (Unitarian), and the Rev. Dr. Charles H. Eaton (Universalist). A general committee of one hundred or more will be formed. "The purpose of the organizers of the conference was stated in a letter sent out to about 800 clergymen and laymen in different parts of the State. " 'If toleration in religion is the best fruit of the last four centuries,' the letter read, 'should not the beginning of the twentieth century mark an advance to a 'still nobler position, that of reciprocation in religion and of interreligious cooperationŠthe attitude of men open-minded, spiritual and loving enough to acknowledge that there is truth to be learned from, as well as truth to be offered to, neighbors, and that a great deal of good, now undone in the world, waits for the hour when the churches shall join hands in a new brotherhood? The immediate organic unity of the churches is impossi-ble, however desirable; but could they not, and, if they can, should they not set the example of union, of good-will and good deed relations, instead of continuing the long-lasting, historic example of indifference and even hostility one to another?' "Replies were had from nearly half of the persons ad-dressed. The percentages of favorable replies by denom-inations, were: Unitarians, Universalists and Jews, each 100; Disciples of Christ, 66; Congregationalists, 39; Presbyterians, 37; Methodists, 29; Baptists, 34; Re-formed, 21; and Episcopalians, 15. Doctrinal questions will probably not be discussed at the first conference. Political and social questions will be taken up by clergy-men and laymen. How catholic the conference will be in admitting members has not been determined. 'The conference will include all who have a belief in and an ex-perience of a genuine spiritual religion,' said one of the organizers," A New Danger to the Republic. UNDER the heading, "Blacklisting: the New Slavery," the Literary Digest devotes several columns to a discus-sion of the danger which threatens the American Repub-lic from the method employed by railway and other cor-porations of "blacklisting" employees who have not been subservient to their will. An object lesson in this matter has recently been brought before the public by a suit for damages brought by Mr. F. R. Ketcham, a Chicago & Northwestern Rail-way employee against that company for having been blacklisted for joining in the great strike of 1894. It appears that an understanding has been reached by all  the railway companies, by which no applicant for work who is blacklisted by one company can obtain work with any other company. He must first obtain the consent of the company by which he was last employed, this con-sent or release being commonly called a "clearance." The nature of this document may be understood from the following sentence contained in a "clearance" pro-duced by one of the witnesses at this trial: "He has per-mission to obtain work elsewhere." Thus a railway cor-poration now arrogates to itself the privilege, not only of withholding from an individual permission to work' for that corporation, but even of obtaining work else-where! Such a system, it has been well said, amounts to "slavery pure and simple." Are American workingmen to become slaves? If so, what is to become of republican government in the United States? The counsel for Mr. Ketcham, Mr. W. J. Strong, sets forth the nature and the danger of the blacklisting sys-tem in the following language:Š "The Supreme Court of the United States, at the last term, in the case of Allgeyer vs. Louisiana, held that the .word 'liberty,' as used in the Fourteenth Amendment to the Federal Constitution, means not merely the right to freedom from physical restraint, but also the right to pursue any livelihood or calling. If, then, a man is de-nied the right of contracting for his labor, he is denied the liberty guaranteed him by the Constitution. "If a man who quits the employ of another cannot get work in his chosen occupation without first obtain-ing the consent of the man whose employ he has left, he becomes a slave. He will not dare resist any oppression his employer may see fit to impose upon him. His wages may be cut to the starvation point; he may be called upon to work extra hours; yet he dare not complain, as he knows he cannot leave and get employmentelsewhere. If he protests, his employer will say: 'Very well, if you don't like it, you can quit.' The man having a wife and children to support will bow in submission, knowing that his master has him in his power, and that he cannot support his family if he is defiant, as he cannot get work elsewhere without the consent of his employer. "This is slavery pure and simple, yet it is without exaggeration the condition of most railroad employees in this country to-day. The blacklisting system is also being adopted in nearly all other branches of corporate employment, such as the large packing-houses, street railroads, clothing manufactories, and coal mines. It is one of the growing evils of the present era of combina-tions and trusts, menacing the liberty of a large class of our citizens. "A recent illustration shows this. In 1897 the Chi-cago City Railway Company, as I have mentioned, for-bade their employees to join a union, and discharged such as did join. The men, having freshly in mind the terrible suffering and privations of the American Rail-way Union men who struck out of sympathy for the op- pressed employees of the Pullman Company, also know-ing that winter was coming on, yielded to the tyranny of the company rather than bring misery and distress on their wives and children. "The railroads use the black list not only to punish 