4 A.AllE _Mr SlNTIP IN-MIL40 VoL. 10, No. 1. discounted, yet the nation had said the day should be honored, and all peoples had had a great arrest of thought. " Vastly more is said, written, and thought about the Sabbath than ever before, and through law en-forcements there is outward gain in many places; public sentiment seems, by the reports from nearly all States, to be steadily rising; even railroad mana-gers profess to seek the minimum of Sabbath labor, meaning the least that will satisfy the business public that demands rapid transit. Yet the Sabbath is slip-ping from us so rapidly it is alarming. " We must save the Sabbath or the country is lost. The Church will never do the special work to which God calls us, of reaching and educating the masses by literature and personal influence, till they desire and demand the Sabbath and so use it as to make it a blessing; in fact, the church membership needs our earnest work, and we must have their help. As a whole, we have scarcely worked at all in this line; most of us have contented ourselves with signing a petition, securing a sermon, and giving leaflets to those who listened ; verily we must do more if we would be guiltless. " We must reach the neglected and non-church goers, the foreigners, the toilers, the railroad men and their families with talk and leaflets about the Sabbath, and not neglect any others. We must deny ourselves and make sacrifices of time and money to save the day, and God and victory will be our sure reward. Four new leaflets will soon be readyŠtwo in German (Mrs. Grubb, Kirkwood, Mo., has others), two in English, one of which, 'Remember the Sabbath,' we hope will be pushed everywhere; forty leaflets are still fur-nished, most of them at fifteen cents, and with every dollar's worth ordered I will give a manual if desired. " First : Let us reach more people and use more leaflets. Second: Push the Sabbath pledge. Third: Secure all possible names and indorsements to our petition to -Congress for Sunday rest. Fourth,. En-force the Sabbath laws. "ŠNew York Mail and Express. " We must save the Sabbath [Sunday] or the country is lost," is now the univer-sal war cry; and woe to the faithful ob-server of the " Sabbath of the Lord," the seventh day. Since Sunday-keeping is the salvation of the nation, Sabath-keep-ers who oppose the papal institution are enemies of the nation and must be crucified to save the nation as was the "Lord of the Sabbath." - Ł - " National Reform" Convention. THE National Reform Association, which for a time was apparently eclipsed by the American Sabbath Union, seems to be re-newing its youth, and has entered upon a more vigorous propaganda than ever before. Formerly, the National Reformers have contented themselves with holding a single convention each year; but a series of such meetings has been arranged for the present winter, and large results are anticipated by the ,pseudo-reformers. The keynote of the present campaign was sounded in the opening meeting of the convention held at New Castle, Pa., December 18-20, 1894; it was this : " Men will heed God's argument." R. C. Wylie, the speaker who used the words quoted, was telling of the progress made by National Reform. He said not much had been accomplished in the way of modeling the Constitution of the States and of, the nation after the divine(?) plan, but that great progress had been made in making converts to the " Christian theory of civil government." Some, he said, had been convinced by the Bible argument; some by the philosophical argument; but very many resisted both these arguments. There was, he said, one other argument. " We cannot use it," said he, "but God can, and is using it." He referred to the calamities which have come upon this nation. Men, he said, would be con-vinced by this argument. And so, munici-pal corruption, strikes, riots, bankruptcies, defalcations, a depleted national treasury,  and general hard times, are all to be pressed into the service of so-called Na-tional Reform as never before. Doubtless Mr. Wylie is right in thinking that men will be influenced by this line of argu-ment. Selfishness springs eternal in the human breast, and men will readily be-lieve anything which promises them tem-poral prosperity. And truly God has a controversy, not only with this nation, but with all nation's, but not upon the issue raised by the Na-tional Reformers. God calls upon men everywhere to repent; National Reform calls nations to profess repentance. The difference between the two is as wide as that between sincerity and hypocrisy. God wants hearts; National Reform pro-poses to give him statutes and constitu-tions. No Divine Testimony that the Sabbath Was Changed: Hence There Can Be no Divine Faith in It. [In 1820 there was organized in West Middletown, Washington Co., Pa., a society, called the West Mid-dletown Moral Society. The principal object of the society was to enforce the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, which is still on the statute books of the State. This Moral Society was organized by the United Presbyterians, the same people who, later in 1863, organized the National Reform Association. Alex-ander Campbell, the founder of the Christian or Dis-ciple Church, ably opposed the society in a series of articles published in the Reporter, of Washington, county seat of Washington County. His articles were signed "Candidus." A United Presbyterian minister, by the name of Wylie, attempted to defend the society, and signed himself " Timothy." The discussion con-tinuedfrom April 17, 1820, the date of Mr. Campbell's first article, to February 22, 1822, during which time almost every phase of the compulsory Sunday law question was treated. As a result the Moral Society perished, not to appear again until 1863 when it was revived by the same denomination under the name, National Reform Association. Every word of Mr. Campbell's invincible logic and withering denuncia-tion is applicable to the association, resuscitated under the name, National Reform Association, and kindred organizations, such as the American Sabbath Union, the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, etc.] THE popular doctrine taught from many pulpits which has given rise to the many errors of the religious public on the na-ture and observance of the Lord's day,* is that it came in room of the Jewish Sab-bath, or that the Sabbath was changed from the seventh to the first day of the week, a notion which originated in the dark night of popery, or which obtained credit in the same ratio as the following article of the Catholic Church obtained credit; viz., " The unwritten word of God, or the apostolic traditions [i. e., the tra-ditions of men] are equally the rule of Christian faith, and Christian holiness, as the written, word." A zealous and intelligent defender of the faith and prac-tice of the " holy mother church," told me in a late conversation that if I would not admit the above article in the Catholic sense, I must renounce the Protestant faith in the Christian Sabbath and infant baptism, for they have no other founda-tion than "the unwritten word of God or * By "Lord's day " Mr. Campbell means the Sunday institu-tion. But this use of the term is altogether unwarranted by the Scriptures. The expression "Lord's day" occurs but once in the Scriptures, namely, in Rev. 1:10: where theApostle John says: "I was in the spirit on the Lord's day." There is not the slightest hint that the first day of the week is meant; while other texts make it certain that John referred to the seventh day, which we are told in, Ex. 20: 10 is the "Sabbath of the Lord." or the Lord's day. In Isa. 58: 13, the Lord again calls it " my holy day; " while in Mark 2: 28 our Saviour declares him-self '" Lord also of the Sabbath." Mr. Campbell's invincible logic applied to this point would read like this: Where there is no divine testimony there can be no divine faith. But there is no divine testimony that the first day of the week is the Lord's day; therefore there can be no divine faith that the first day of the week is the Lord's day. The above can be overthrown only by producing a divine testimony that the first day of the week is the Lord's day. But this cannot be done by any man. Therefore the above argument is Irrefutable, the tradition of the holy Catholic Church." I told him that I agreed with him in this, but that I renounced the above article, and also the Protestant faith in the Chris-tian Sabbath and infant baptism as being contrary to the written word of God, by which alone I was regulated. Then, said he, you must be considered a heretic, not only by the Catholic Church, but also by many Protestant churches. Yes, said I, an heretic of the first magnitude; " for this I confess unto thee that after the way which they call heresy, so worship I the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law, in the prophets, and in the apostles." I do not believe that the Lord's day came in room of the Jewish Sabbath, or, that the Sab-bath was changed from the seventh to the first day; for this plain reason, that where there is no testimony there can be no faith. Now there is no testimony in all the oracles of heaven that the Sabbath was changed, or that the Lord's day came in the room of it; therefore no man can properly believe that the Sabbath is changed, or that the Lord's day came in the room of it. As a great deal depends upon the truth of the preceding argument, we shall take some pains to illustrate it. Dr. Owen, Locke, and all writers with which I am acquainted on the subject of moral evidence or moral certainty, agree that faith and testimony are correlate terms, or that faith is of the same nature as the testimony on which it is founded, or into which it is resolved; and that faith and testimony are consequently equally extensive. A human faith is a faith that is founded on the testimony of men; and a divine faith is a faith that is founded upon the testimony of God. For instance, I believe that Napoleon Bona-parte is dead. In this instance, my faith is a human faith; a faith founded upon the testimony of men. No man can be-lieve with divine faith that Napoleon is dead, for there is no divine testimony to that effect. Again, I believe " that the dead shall be raised." My faith in this instance is a divine faith, or a faith founded upon di-vine testimony ; viz., " There shall be a resurrection of the just and of the unjust." I presume no man of sense, not even " Timothy " himself, will deny the above. The argument deducible from the above is fairly this: Where there is no divine testi-mony there is no divine faith. But there is no divine testimony that the Sabbath was changed, or that the Lord's day came in the room of it; therefore there can be no divine faith that the Sabbath was changed, or that the Lord's day came in the room of it. The above can be over-thrown only by producing a divine testi-mony that the Sabbath 'was changed or that the Lord's day came in the room of it. But this cannot be done by any man. Therefore the above argument is irrefut-able. The truth proved in the above syllogism may be exhibited in another form thus,Ševerything that is believed upon human testimony alone is received and acted upon by a mere human faith, but that the Sab-bath is changed from the seventh to the first day of the week, or that the Lord's day came in the room of it, is believed upon human testimony alone; therefore, he that believes that the Sabbath was thus changed, etc., receives it upon a mere human faith. Š Candidus (Alexander Campbell) in, Washington ( Pa.) Reporter, Oct. 8, 1821. 