AMERICAN SENTINEL. 451 fluence against Sunday theatricals; and if their moral influence is really used, it will be used first of all on themselves, in themselves refusing to perform on Sun-day, whether there is any law on the subject or not. Moral influence that stops short of this is no influence at all; and if their moral influence is not exerted against Sunday work, it will only be inconsistent and absurd for them to use their legal influence against it. And the same is true of any other class of laborers. "Destiny," "The Inexorable Logic of Events," Etc.ŠNo. 1. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. "Say ye to the righteous, that it shall be well with him: for they shall eat the fruit of their doings." "Woe unto the wicked! it shall be ill with him: for the reward of his own hands shall be given him." To THE above terms the American people need no in-troduction. However, there are certain facts and prin-ciples connected with and suggested by them with which many Americans are evidently not familiar. There is such a thing as destiny and there is such a thing as the inexorable logic of events. There is a des-tiny that means honor and length of days, and there is a destiny that means degradation and death. Every event has its logic,Šyes, its inexorable logic,Šwhich, if not resisted, produces with ever-increasing succession other events of the same kind until the final sequence is reached in one or the other of these destinies. There comes a time when the cords of iniquity are too strong to be broken. "The first crime past compels us unto more, And guilt grows fate that was but choice before." Many men and nations, unwilling to recognize the fact in the day of their power and their prosperity, have found in the day of their anguish and of their calamity that the logic of events is indeed inexorable. The inex-orable logic of such an event as the repudiation of truth and justice under the plea of "destiny," is that the man or the nation that does so hastes to swift destruction. Men have something to do with their destinies. Because there is such a thing as the inexorable logic of events it behooves them to look well to the events that come into their lives, and never should they for any cause or under any circumstances let one of those events be a resort to the miserable plea of "destiny" in defense of their actions. If they do, it will count much in determining their destiny, and woe unto them because of that des-tiny. Destiny does not determine actions, words, and mo-tives, but actions, words, and motives determine des-tiny. In the day of reckoning and retribution, men and nations willIfind that destiny is not responsible for theml but that they are responsible for their destinies. They will find that the logic of events is indeed inexorable and  that no event in the life of an individual or in the history of a nation is so full of inexorable logic as is a resort to the melancholy excuse of `destiny" and "the inexorable logic of events " When a course of action is defended by the plea of "destiny" and "the inexorable logic of events" it is al-ready condemned. It is unnecessary to look farther, because anything that is lawful and just does not care to bolster itself with the prop to which iniquity has always been obliged to resort. The doctrine of irresponsibility originated in the father of lies and was by him insinuated into the minds of the parents of the race. When Adam and Eve for-sook the high destiny which faithful obedience opened to them and accepted the lie that by transgression of law they could enter a broader field of knowledge, reach a nobler development, find greater happiness, and enter _ upon a higher state of existence,Šthat, in fact, by diso-bedience, it was their destiny to become "as gods,"Šthey found in the hour of their need and shame that in return for the loss of everything they had received from the deceiver nothing but his own miserable excuse of irresponsibility. And in all the ages since their sons and daughters who have sought to find happiness, develop-ment and wisdom in violation of law, have been obliged invariably to cling to this ruinous and unsupportable support. Men who have held unlawful power over their fellow-men have always been "men of destiny." The more un-scrupulous and indefensible their usurpation the more certain have they been that "manifest destiny" was di_ recting it all. On such an abominable doctrine and on nothing else could they base their authority. This irra-tional subterfuge was the nearest approach to reason of which their conduct would admit. Necessity and irre-sponsibility was the plea of iniquity in the beginning, and it has been the plea of despotism and tyranny al-ways and everywhere. "Thank him who puts me loth to this revenge On you, who wrong me not, for Him who wrong'd. And should I, at your harmless innocence Melt, as I do, yet public reason just, Honor and empire with revenge enlarged, By conquering this new world, compels me now To do, what else, though damn'd, I should abhor. So spake the fiend, and with necessity, The tyrant's plea, excused his devilish deeds." The doctrine of irresponsibility is individual before it becomes national. When it becomes the doctrine of an organization of men it proves that the majority of those men have held that doctrine already as an individ-ual matter. And when that doctrine has gained such a hold upon the individuals of society and of the nation that it can pass as the doctrine of society and of the nation, the portents are ominous. Not only does it in-dicate the evil that is, but it prepares the way for and makes certain the evils that are to be. It indicates that the force of moral obligation has weakened upon society and that it is to become weaker. When men proclaim 