Heating Armor Plate, Bethlehem Iron Works. From Scientific American, by permission. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 347 never be overlooked, but renewed, and replanted and protected as the generations of men pass away and their successors fill their places? When I contemplate the autocratic power which is exercised in some countries to-day, and behold the or-ganized and associated powers of wealth and numbers welded in such an overwhelming phalanx in others, I ask, Where is the safety and personal freedom of the in-dividual? How is it to be guarded and secured? For the freedom of its individual members is the essential basis of the freedom of the State. The movement of the day, sometimes open, sometimes concealed in the robes  of philanthropy and paternalism, but more often dis-cernable in policies purely selfish, is toward State Social-ism, as an opposing force to Autocracy. But either is  Despotism, and fatal to that individual freedom of man's mind and soul which is the instrumentality by which the world, under the very laws of its origin and progress, has been raised from brutality and barbarism  to its present standard of civilization.  These problems of society rise on every side, and the peace and order of the world are seriously menaced. WHAT BECOMES OF THE INDIVIDUAL. The centripital forces seem to move almost irresist-ably towards consolidation and centralization, and in the presence of such exaggerated militarism, with its stupendous powers, with the vast plutocratic combina-tions of incorporated wealth and capital so closely in alliance; with the widespread national and international popular organizations of labor, with their solidified, massed, numerical force, one asks, with just alarm, What is to become of the individualŠthe freeman, the essential unit of a society that hopes to retain the principle of  growth and progress; of adaptation to those advances and improvements which demand the open mind, the complete liberty of human faculties, first for their dis-covery, and after that for their reception and assimila-tion ? Is there not cause to fear lest between the upper and the nether millstones of the twin despotisms, mili-tary absolutism and socialistic tyranny, the freedom of the individual may be ground to death?  News, Notes, and Comment. I NOTE that the "A. P. A." is taking an active part in supporting certain public school managers who coun tenance the reading of the Bible in the establishments under their charge, in spite of the protests of many pa-rents. This matter has frequently led to bitter disputes, and the fate of parties and of statesmen has sometimes hung on its settlement. In Canada the public school and its relations to religion have been discussed with an inten-sity of feeling fortunatelyŠso farŠundeveloped among our people. Never-theless, every now and then, some very harsh language is in dulged in by our dis-putants, and com-promises are, as us-ual, perfectly satis-factory to nobody. The thing is deplor-able ; but it is, to some extent inevit-able, from the very nature and existence of the public schools. UNQUESTIONABLY, the undertaking of the work of educa-tion by the State in-volves the surrender of the great doctrine that the function of civil government is police and police alone. Education is a paternal duty; the State that undertakes it in so far assumes the position of a natural parentŠit adopts paternalism into its system of administration. Whether this be a good thing to do or not, the public school is so firmly rooted in the affections of the American people that any attempt to dislodge it would be vain, and no shorter cut to unpopularity can easily be found than any serious criticism or questions on the subject. The ten-dency is rather to enlarge than to curtail the activities of the body politic in this direction, and no matter how heavy the taxes thus become, they are always cheerfully borne. BUT, like all other forms of activity, for good or for 