.:. The Story of .:. iteairn srand BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. PITCAIRN ISLAND, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory Reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance. But most if not all of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary, or incorrect and misleading. It will be in-teresting to the friends of that miniature world to know that An Authentic History has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. The title of the new work appears above. It is written by Miss Rosa Young, one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book, of 256 pages, is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pit-cairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a Charming Simplicity of Style which refreshes the reader and invites a continued peru-sal. This work is illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. PRICE $1.00, POSTPAID. Thousands can be sold by those who will canvass their neighborhood. Address any State Tract Society, or Pacific Press Publishing Company, Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. New York City. MARCH 1805. TC.AN RENTrrINnit..i. 79 of their liberty as any other class in the com-munity; and Christians ought to be quite as careful to claim that protection for them as for themselves. Let these abuses be venti-lated. The sooner we understand whether this is actually a free country, the better it will be for all concerned.ŠThe Outlook, New York, Feb. 28. Ł BRAVE WORDS. THE Independent, of Le Roy, Minn., intro-duces a vigorous condemnation of the recent prosecution of Seventh-day Adventists of Maryland and Tennessee with the following pertinent paragraph It would seem that the old Connecticut Blue Laws regarding Sunday, are again coining into use in many localities. People who keep the Sabbath taught by the Bible are being persecuted by so-called Christians, although these same professors of piety will all unconsciously walk by one of their own number or a non-professor at work on Sunday, and say never a word. They will allow people to hunt, fish, play ball, and everything that has a tendency to disturb others, without a word of protest, but let a man keep the Sabbath and at-tempt any manner of necessary labor on Sunday, and the people who profess to believe and recommend the Bible immediately begin to persecute the man who lives according to the teachings of that Bible. After narrating the recent persecutions in Maryland and Tennessee, with which our readers are familiar, the Independent com-ments as follows:Š The Constitution of these United States guarantees to every citizen religious freedom, yet where is there a State that has not on its statute books laws prohibiting the exercise of all religious freedom, except it suits the notion of the ecclesiastical lobbyists who control the enactment of laws prescribing the limitations of all religious rights and privileges. Closing, the Independent truthfully charac-terizes these persecutions as " a disgrace to our country and a stigma upon any Christian people." SIGNIFICANT PARAGRAPHS. [We publish under this heading news items bearing on the subjects discussed in the SENTINEL, and para-graphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the perti-nent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] LYONS, N. Y— Feb. 18.ŠChurch people throughout Wayne County are shaking in their boots in anticipation of an indictment being found against them for conducting lotteries and gift enterprises such as come under the ban of the anti-lottery law. In charging the grand jury at the opening of the February term of the Wayne Circuit Court and Court of Oyer and Terminer this morning, Judge Adams, of Canandaigua, especially instructed that body to find indictments against all pro-moters and participants in such irregularities. ŠThe Sun, Feb. 18. - -4 Ł  Kaiser and Cardinals. THE Emperor William has conferred upon Cardinal Kopp and Cardinal Krementz the order of the Red Eagle, one of the highest distinctions of the empire. All sorts of theo-ries are at work to account for the motives actuating the Kaiser in bestowing such con-spicuous marks of honor on the two German cardinals. How far Prince Hohenlohe, the present chancellor, who has a brother in the Sacred College, has influenced his imperial master is not known, but it is certain that the step is extremely diplomatic. The emperor probably thinks that the recent instability of public affairs in France has somewhat cooled the ardor of the pontiff towards the republic. In fact, it is reported that the pope is beginning to show a tendency in favor of the Triple Alliance To shower distinction on members of the Sacred College, therefore, is probably a political move to draw still more the favorable attention of the pope towards Germany. The Kaiser, too, is evi-dently anxious to remove whatever bad im-pressions may be left by the Kulturkampf, for Cardinal Krementz was most active in his antagonism to Bismarck's anti-religious policy. ŠThe Western Watchman [Catholic], Feb. 21. Scalding Irony. I AM positive that the barber who, last Sunday, shaved a man named Green, in order that the latter might be in proper trim to at-tend church, and who subsequently was fined $4 and costs for so doing, -will view his sen-tence in the proper light as a chastening of the spirit. The law under which he was fined is certainly a great credit to this community, and an evidence of its progressive and liberal spirit. It ought to be made plain to barbers and other worldly creatures that they are bound to respect the Sabbath according to the dictates of other people's consciences, and a fine of $4 and costs, as all will admit, consti-tutes a spiritual argument of the utin,ost force. ŠSunday Star, Wilmington, Del. Spiritualists Start a Sunday-School. THE Spiritualists of Detroit are so firmly convinced that what they believe rises to the solemnity of a religion that they have started a Sunday-school to teach their children its principles. It is the outcome of numerous consultations by the Spiritualist Ladies' Aid Society, which meets in Cowie's block every Wednesday afternoon. The ladies there as-sembling conceived the idea that if the reli-gion of Spiritualism was good for themselves, it was good for their children, too, and so they set to work to raise sufficient funds to inaugurate the undertaking. . . . In this school the children are taught that Spiritualism is the knowledge of the psychical or spiritual nature of man; that spirit is the moving force of the universe; that there is a perfectly natural way of communicating with friends in the spirit world, who willingly and joyfully respond to calls for advice or assis-tance; that Spiritualism is founded, on the laws of nature, and that while the methods of communication vary, still they are all the re-sult of unknown but natural laws; that to live a pure life in this world insures greater happiness in the next, because the disembod-ied spirit is enabled to immediately ascend to a high plane; that the very worst thing that can happen to a person is to die ignorant and debased, because such an one is " earth-bound," and is-liable to roam the world for an unknown period before being able to get rid of his ignorant and debased condition; and that the truthfulness, love, sobriety, charity, kindness, compassion, and all the other vir-tues, attract pure and high-minded spirits, who surround them, help them over their trials and difficulties, and at last, when the end comes, are the first to give a welcoming hand and greet them when they have " passed out."ŠDetroit News Tribune. Plants, 1 doz. each of 8 best kinds by mail for $1.00. Circular free. J. PAYNE, Jeddo, N. Y. AM SURPRISED" Says Prof. E. A. Sheldon, Presi-dent of the New York State Normal School, Oswego, "that so much that is valuable for one to know is brought into so small a compass, and sold for so small a price." Yes, The NEW WEBSTER DICTIONARY and COMPLETE VEST-POCKET LIBRARY is full of happy surprises. It successfully combines in one small volume of vest-pocket size, A Dictionary of 45,800 words, A Complete Parliamentary Manual, (Based on Roberts' and Cushing's) A Literary Guide, etc. FOR THE VEST POCKET OR THE WRITING DESK. Simple, - - Handy, - - Reliable. Just what everybody needs for every-day use. DO NOT DELAY TO ORDER. Sent post-paid as follows:Š FINE SILK CLOTH, Red edges, - - 25 cents. MOROCCO, Gold edges, - - - - 50 cents. 'EXTRA MOROCCO, With Perpetual Mem-orandum, Three - Years' Calendar, Stamp Holder, etc.. 60 cents. All three styles are indexed. ŠADDRESS-- PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City. STRAWBERRY 1L 