.AminitcAN gENTINR/La Vol,. 8, No. 4,2. The Kingdom of Christ. WHEN Christ made his triumphal entry into Jerusalem, it was amid the acclama-tions and hosannas of the multitudes who thronged about him, who, contrary to what he had been teaching them, mistook this as the first step in his assumption of tem-poral power on earth. Chiefest among those who hailed him with shouts of joy were his own disciples. Doomed to dis-appointment on account of their unbelief that his kingdom was not of this world, they cast their garments and branches of palm-trees in the way before him, as an expression of their delight at the ushering in of the new sovereignty and the crown-ing of the new ruler; and this, notwith-standing the fact that Christ, but a short time before, had foretold his humiliation and death. Unbelief caused the fatal error, the result of which was the denial of Him who had come to be their Saviour, and who alone could save them. How much this mistake of his most intimate followers, and the knowledge of the out-come of their attitude toward him, must have increased the agony of the Saviour as he halted a moment on the height over-looking Jerusalem, and wept overŁ her folly, none but he can know. What an-guish must have filled his soul as he saw those for whom he had given all,Šand this soon to be sealed by his own blood,Šthose who were nominally his own people, taking a course that would result in their rejecting him wholly. This event was placed on record for our instruction, upon whom the ends of the world are come. What is the lesson to be learned? Is there anything transpiring now just before Christ's second advent, similar to those experiences in his first ad-vent? Are any of his professed followers now heralding him as temporal ruler, as King of nations ? There is a class of people into the title of whose chief organ the " Christian " (Christ-like) enters, thus showing them to be professing Christ. One of their loudest rallying cries is, " The King of kings will be exalted in our land to the throne." The other part of the name of this organ is " Statesman ;" and so their scheme is to make Christ the great Christian statesman in a kingdom of this world, in spite of his own declaration that his kingdom is not of this worldŠjust exactly as his followers into Jerusalem attempted to do. And those who are at-tempting this work now will fail just as surely and just as miserably as did those who attempted it back there. Those back there proclaimed Christ temporal king right in the face of his statement that his kingdom was not of this world ; and in do-ing so, quoted in support of their position the very scripture (Matt. 21: 9; Luke 19: 38) that Christ had used but a short time before (Luke 13: 35) in reference to his future kingdom; "Blessed be he that cometh in the name of the Lord." And so those .who are now proclaiming him King of nations quote in support a scrip-ture which plainly refers to Christ's future kingdom (see Christian Statesman, of Aug. 5): "The kingdoms of the world will be [the text reads " are become "] the kingdoms of the Lord and of his Christ." Why did those back there reject Christ? ŠBecause they did not believe the Scrip-tures which said that he would be " de-spised and rejected of men; a man of sor-rows and acquainted with grief ;" and then went right on and despised and rejected him because he did not come in the way  they had laid out for him to come. But no more bitter was their disappointment when he did not assume temporal power and exalt himself and them before the eyes of the world, instead of remaining the meek and lowly Jesus that he was, who had come to be their Saviour and to exalt them in due time, than will be that of those who are now attempting to make him " King of nations," instead of receiving him as their personal Saviour from sin. Another thing further identifying the work of those now trying to exalt Christ to the kingship of the nations, is the lan-guage with which they greet their king-elect. While in Christ's time they cried " Hosanna to the son of David, Hosanna in the highest," their duplicates are now crying, " Hallelujah ! the Lord God Om-nipotent reigneth " (Christian Statesman, July 22). And just as the end of that joy back there was heaviness, so the end of this joy down here will be as " bitter as wormwood." The Jews rejected the One who was the true Christ, because he did not come with the pomp and grandeur they supposed he would, and did not establish himself as temporal ruler, as they were expecting. But after they rejected him there is no re-cord that they set up another for king and called him Christ. Here is where it will be lamentably worse when the professed followers of Christ now not only reject Christ, but set up another power which they call Christ. And they will have such evidences, to them, that this power is Christ, that if they do not diligently search the Scriptures, and know what is coming in these last days, they will be grossly de-ceived. If Christ's kingdom is not of this world, as he himself expressly declares, then there is but one other power that could be set up, that which is of the world, Satan's; for these two powers are the com-peting ones. What a deadly delusion it will be when Satan is mistaken for Christ, and obeyed as Christ. He will never want better vantage ground, and, sad to say, he is gaining it only too rapidly. But what was the result, politically, of the Jews rejecting Christ?ŠThe accom-plishment of all the destruction foretold by Christ in regard to Jerusalem, and the demolishing of the whole nation as a nation. Their glory and power as a nation were lost, never to be regained. And precisely the same course is pursued, only the crash will be as many times greater, as this Na-tion has attained greater glory and power than that.Š W. E. Howell, in Review and Herald. Attempt to Close American Mission Schools in Turkey. A CORRESPONDENT at Constantinople informs the London press that the Porte has decided to close the Protestant college at Anatolia, and has informed the United States Minister that the sultan does not desire the return of Dr. Merrick. The Government at Washington, the report says, has informed the Porte that Ameri-ican missionaries must be in nowise pre-vented from returning to Asia Minor from Europe. The Porte claims that no school oan be opened in Turkey without a special fir-man. This will affect Americans chiefly, since there are between 30,000 and 40,000 children in the country under American instruction. The American Minister has taken the position that, as by the treaty between Turkey and the United States,  American citizens have the right to pursue a vocation in Turkey, no permits are nee. essary in the present case. The granting of permits, he adds, would be equivalent to a restriction upon the treaty rights of American citizens, and unless his position be maintained, the whole American system of missionary education in Turkey would be endangered. ŠSigns of the Times. The Influence of Puritan Religious Legislation Upon Subsequent Christianity. [Continuation of a thesis by,  T. J. Van Horn of the University of Chicago.] As we study the legislation of the Pu-ritans, we may better understand it and them, by keeping two or three things in mind. 1st. The age in which Puritanism was born was an age of religious emancipation and of intellectual awakening. The soul was getting free from the tyranny of popes and prelates who had so long kept it bound in the shackles of superstition and error. 'The mind was just awaking from its long stupor to a consciousness of its own power. "Beware," said Emerson, " when the gods let loose a thinker upon the world." He had reference, no doubt, to strongholds of error being in danger; but the alarm may well be sounded to the defenders of truth also. Beware! men awakening from their slumbers start forth with the strength of giants, but with the indiscretion of children, wielding the weapons of truth, and strike about them in the dazzling light. Tolerance was something unknown to them in their thralldom, and consequently, in their free-dom, they knew not how to use it. One is not altogether unprepared, therefore, for, what he sees in their religious legisla-tion. 2nd. The Bible was to them a new rev-elation. They received it from Genesis to Revelation without modification or comment as the very word of God to them. They did not conceive that any part of it was designed for a special peo-ple, in a special time, in a certain stage of development. The law for the witch and the Sabbath-breaker in Moses' time was the law for that same class of sinners in their time. The popish church was the antichrist. The defeat of the Spanish armada was to them very much as the tumbling of the walls of Jericho. It was a vindication to them of the righteousness of their cause, and their work henceforth was to rid the world of Romanism and its associated evils, as much as it was Joshua's work to rid the Promised Land of the Canaanites, and the sword was just as legitimate an instrument for that work. 3rd. As to religious intolerance in their colonial history, it should be remembered that they came to America to secure free-dom in worship for themselves, according to their standard of right, which privilege had been denied them in their mother land. "We separate not from the Church of England but from its corruption. We came away from the common prayer and ceremonies in our native land where we suffered much for non-conformity, in this place of liberty we cannot, we will not, use them. Their imposition would be a sinful violation of the worship of God." This remark, made when the Brownes, prelatical sympathizers, were sent back to England for refusing to abandon the 