THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 85 tius Loyola must be the patron saint of the National Reform Association. Whatever plea its leaders make, they invariably run into re-ligious persecution. That is the logic of Na-tional religion.] Yes, to this extent I will tolerate the atheist, but no more. Why should I? The atheist does not tolerate me. He does not smile either in pity or in scorn upon my faith. He hates my faith, and he hates me for my faith. He is bent on exterminating me and my faith altogether. "Crush the wretch!" said Vol-taire of my Saviour and his cause. And this is stall the atheist's motto and his aim. I have received letters and tracts which show this very clearly. Were I to read to you the shocking blasphemies, the words of hate and of murder, which they contain, you would shudder in horror. He means to make all these words good among us as soon as he can. And I am asked to accord rights of conscience to a man who says to me, " Come, let me show you how I can use the knife with which I purpose one day to cut your throat." "Come, let me explain to you the force of some nitro-glycerine which I have prepared to blow you up !" I can be as calm and as willing in the one case as in the other. And I am asked to tolerate the atheist's creed under peril of violating the rights of conscience. And this tolerating of atheism means, I suppose, that our Constitution and laws shall be so framed as to imply that there is as much of truth, probability, and good in atheism as in Chris-tianity! Tolerate atheism in this sense, sir? Never, never! We know what atheism is, and what atheism does. We know what it builds, and how it operates with its "Natural Morals, its " Death an Eternal Sleep," its " Liberty, Equality, Fraternity." Twice, at least, in the world's history has it shown what it is capable of doing. Twice across the plains of gay and sunny France has it driven its car of progress, and the whole track has been rapine, and blasphemy, and blood. [If this is a true specimen of National Re-form Christianity, may we be delivered from it. That it is a fair representation, cannot be denied. Few, however, are so incautious as Mr. Edwards, in revealing the true inward- ness of the scheme. The argument is, " The atheist does not tolerate me, therefore I will not tolerate him. He does not love me, therefore I will not love him." Christ says: " Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you; that ye may be the children of your Father which is in Heaven." Matt. 5 : 44, 45. But the National Reform idea of Christianity is just the opposite of this. It is to hate those that hate you, and to set them an example in hating, and to give them cause for hatred by hating them first. Therefore it is as plain as anything can be that National Reform religion is antichristian. How could it be anything else? It is modeled after the Papacy, and the Papacy is antichrist. While there are many good people who are indiffer- ent now, or are even in the ranks of the Na-tional Reformers, because of imperfect knowl-edge, the time will soon come when no man can be a ChristianŠthat is, a real follower of ChristŠunless he actively opposes the work of what is called National Reform. National Reformers accuse us of joining hands with in-fidels: in. opposing their work.: We oppose it  because we are Christians, and because we want the pure religion of Christ to have free course.] I can tolerate difference and discussion; I can tolerate heresy and false religion; I can debate the use of the Bible in our com-mon schools, the taxation of church prop-erty, the propriety of chaplaincies and the like, but there are some questions past debate. Tolerate atheism, sir? There is nothing out of hell that I would not tolerate as soon. The atheist may live, as I said, but, God help-ing us, the taint of his destructive creed shall not defile any of the civil institutions of all this fair land! Let us repeat, atheism and Christianity are contradictory terms. They are incompatible systems. They cannot dwell together on the same continent. And let us note that this atheism among us is busy. It is aggressive, with societies, with organs, with agents, with their papers and their preachers. But recently they have imported a man, the papers say, at a salary of $15,000, to go through the land lecturing and organ-izing, telling us how to Germanize and un-Americanize our country. Their organiza-tions raise money, issue publications, form public sentiment, and secure votes against our Sunday laws, our blasphemy laws, our temperance laws, our cruelty laws, our laws for social purity and home sanctity, our oath-sealed guaranty for truth and fidelity, and to bring us all down to mere natural morals. We, too, must organize and make effort. "The Lord of hosts is with us, the God of Jacob is our refuge!" Another anticipated difficulty which is urged against us is to determine what Bible to recognize. This difficulty is but imag-inary. There is but one Bible. What is called the Catholic or the Protestant Bible is but the Catholic or the Protestant version of the one original Bible. And with every strong conviction that the Protestant version is the better one, I am free to say that any Bible is better than no Bible. And yet another objection is that the laws of Moses will have to be re-enacted and en-forced among us, and that these laws are not at all fitted to our times, our freedom, our civilization. I confess that I am not at all afraid of Moses. I find among his institu-tions the germs of our own glorious republic, and the provisions and the spirit of our best laws. But the objectors do not seem to have read the Bible enough to see what a self-interpreting book it is. It records a proph-ecy, and aterwards records its fulfillment. It records a promise, and afterwards states when and how the bestowment was effected. It records a ritual, and afterwards records what abrogated it and took its place. It gives of itself the clue to distinguish what is of enduring value and moral obligation from what is local, typical, transitory. Now, if there be anything in the laws of Moses which the coming of Christ and the subsequent over-throw of Judaism did not abrogate, let them be pointed outŠthere cannot be many of themŠand we are prepared to accept them and have them re-enacted. Thus much as to objections and objectors. . . . [Nothing more is needed than to ask the reader to stop a minute and consider the un-paralleled presumption of this statement. Could anything more clearly show the spirit of the Papacy ? The apostle Paul described the Pope as "that man of sin," "the son of perdi- tion; who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he, is God." 2 Thess.  2: 3, 4. And what position does the National Reform Association occupy? It proposes to occupy the. very same position. If there is anything in the Old Testament that has not passed away,Šthat was not transitory and local, and that has not expired by statute of limitation,Šthey propose to re-enact it when they set up their theocracy. That is to say, that none of the laws of God will be valid until they have set to them the seal of their approval. What more could they say to show that by their proposed scheme of government they oppose and exalt themselves above all that is called God ?] It will not do to say, We had better leave things as they now are. Things are in a state of change, of transition; they will not stay as they now are. It will not do to say, Let us trust the voice of a Christian people for the perpetuity of Christian principles and usages among us; for, in despite of their voice and their influence, the moulding, over-riding force of our national Constitution has more and more eliminated the notion of God and of moral character from our recent State Con-stitutions and from the decisions of our courts. If we do not carry this measure, we take the side of atheism. You are called upon, fellow-citizens, to make your election between Chris-tianity and atheism. " Under which king, Bezonian? " You cannot be too soon in making your response. I cannot doubt what your decision will be. [We would that we could be .assured that the great majority of the people would de-cide against such a scheme of iniquity as this. But we have no such hope. Our great-est hope and desire are to arouse those who still have the spirit of true Protestantism in their hearts. It matters not how many fine speeches National Reformers may make, nor what good professions they may make, it is by such utterances as those that we have been considering that the thing must be judged. To all who read this, we say, You are called upon to make your decision between the re-ligion of Christ and that of antichrist. Which will you choose? You cannot be too soon in making your response.] 4.  Shall American Children Receive Their Educational Instruction from Rome? THE American people who are so quick to resent an insult to one of their fellow-citizens when abroad, seem slow to resent the insults and indignities heaped upon them by those same foreigners here in America. It is well known by every citizen of this country that the Catholic Church has declared war against our public schools and proposed by every means within her power to wreck them, and to place her parochial schools upon their ruins. The attack which was at first so secret and insidious is now made openly and boldly. The assumed humble mien has given place to open attack, and it behooves the American citizens to at once assert their rights or bend their knees and bow their heads and declare their recognition of but one law, one power, that of the Roman Catholic Pope Where is the pride of the American people ? Is it not enough that your politics are dic- 