AMERICAN SENTINEL. 471 -warfare, the profound differences between military oper--ations on land and those at sea rendering it obviously impossible to go far in that direction. It is only the first convention for which any considerable importance is claimed. This purports to provide for the pacific set-tlement of international disputes. All it does, however, is to establish a permanent board of arbitrators, to which international litigants may submit their contro-versies, if they choose. Nations, of course, have always 'been at liberty to arbitrate their quarrels, and it is probable that hereafter, when they have recourse to -such an expedient, they will prefer a tribunal immedi--ately and directly appointed ad hoc, in the composition Łof which each of the litigants has had an equal hand, -to a standing tribunal with the selection of whose mem-bers they have had much less to do. The chances are, therefore, that the members of the permanent tribunal contemplated by the conference will enjoy a sinecure. An attempt, indeed, is made to assure to them a certain amount of business by article 27 of the protocol, which makes it the duty of all the co--signatory powers to recommend a recourse to the tri-bunal whenever two nations seem upon the point of ,settling a dispute by war. If such a recommendation is to be other than perfunctory, if it is to imply a threat to compel by force a resort to arbitration, it is plain that the United States Senate will never accept the article in question. On the one hand, our assent to that article might bind us to take part in an armed inter-vention for the purpose of averting a European war. On the other hand, it would estop us from objecting to an armed intervention on the part of European pow-ers for the purpose of averting a war in the New World. It is suggestive that article 27 was proposed by France, which, it is well known, would have witnessed gladly a joint interposition on the part of European powers to forbid the recent war between the United States and Spain. On the whole, we are unable to see that this confer-ence, which was called for the ostensible purpose of assuring international peace, has succeeded in taking any effective measures for the end proposed. The Chinese "Great Wall" Coming Down. THE Chinese government appears to be setting an example of disarmament before the world, although in the present condition of things no nation could more ill afford to disarm. The "great wall" which was built to protect the country from invasion is to come down, re-port says, and a Chicago civil engineer has started for China in behalf of a syndicate of Chicago capitalists that expects to receive a contract for the work:Š "The ten-thousand-mile rampart' of China is a re-markable fortification, and was constructed by order of Emperor Shi-Hwang-Ti, whose purpose it was to protect  the northern and northwestern frontier of his empire from the hordes of barbarians who swarmed in the terri-tory. The wall is said to be 1,255 miles long, from 20 to 25 feet high, with towers 40 feet high, about 200 to 300 yards apart. Several million men were occupied for about ten years in its construction. The top of the wall is broad enough to allow six horsemen to ride abreast. The facings are of hewn stone laid in mortar, and the interior is filled with earth and stone, the top being lev-eled off with a layer of brick. The wall was completed about 211 B. C. For years a large part of it has been in a ruinous condition. It runs from the seashore on the Gulf of Pe-che-lee westward to Soochow, on the bor-ders of Turkestan. It traverses high mountains, de-scends into gorges and ravines, and crosses rivers, val-leys, and plains without regard to obstacles. "Christian" Currency. A PETITION based upon the idea that, the United States and Christianity are moving hand in band in the earth, and which is a very common idea to-day, is to come before the next Congress. Its nature is set forth in the following from the Buffalo Evening News:Š "A novel currency reform is proposed by Mrs. Ella May Clemmons, of New York City, a sister of Mrs. How-ard Gould. She is going to ask the next Congress to have all the coins made during the first year of the new century bear on their faces the likeness of Christ, and on the reverseŁ side the crucifix. `Christianig has made America,' says Mrs. Clemmons, 'and to-day is pushing her onward. In gratitude to God, we, ''As a nation, should the first year of the new century, have stamped on all our coins the face of the Redeemer. American coins are stamped with the benefactors of the country. Why not one year's coins be stamped with the image of the Great Benefactor of all mankind?' Upon which the News appropriately comments:Š "No doubt a spirit of reverence prompts the sugges-tionŠbut it is doubtful if Christianity would be advanced or reverence and gratitude promoted by mixing up coin-age and religion. There is a New Testament record of the raising of a similar issue. The Redeemer himself ad-vised keeping such matters separate. 'Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things which are God's,' was his verdict when the question of the superscription on a coin was mentioned. There may be such a thing as making the symbols of re-ligion too common. They serve a definite purpose in their place." AT a recent meeting of veterans of the Cuban war, in Havana, a committee was appointed to present a memorial to the Washington Government, asking that the United States make formal declaration of its inten-tions and supposed rights based upon the resolution passed by Congress in April, 1898, declaring that "the people of Cuba are, and of right ought to be, free and independent." The Cubans are getting tired of waiting for their promised independence. 