AMERICAN SENTINEL. 423 ' Christian Citizenship," or " Converting Men by Nations." * "CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP" is the name of a new move-ment which has for its object the regeneration of society by means of Christian laws, made and administered by Christian men. That society needs regenerating, no Christian will deny. That the church, with its present methods, has utterly failed to regenerate society, is equally apparent. In view of these patent facts, it was seen that some-thing must be done, and that soon. Consequently, at the annual meeting of the National Reform Association, held at Allegheny, Pa., Nov. 16, 1893, its secretary, Rev. H. H. George, sounded the key-note of Christian Citizen-ship in the following words:Š "I will never say a word disparagingly of evangelistic work. But I do think the church is making a mistake in so confining herself to that work, as if the prospect of saving the soul was the great end. The tremendous power of the government is against us. If that were not GO, they would be converted by nations, so to speak. But when the government is against the conversion of nations, we are moving against the tremendous ma-chinery of the government in working for the conversion of men. You go down to Washington to-day, and there is a saloon in both houses of Congress; and so the influ-ence is spreading all over the country. Now we are work-ing right against the power of this and everything else. I do not know but it would be better to stop evangelis-tic effort, if possible, if this other work would be made successful, and go to converting men by nationsŠnations full of menŠrather than to try to save one man against the tremendous machineryof a nation like this, 'whose influence is very largely against the conversion of souls; while, if it could be turned in that direction, they could be saved by thousands instead of one. So I think the great question of the hour is the conversion of this nation to Christ." Since the time of this utterance there has been a mar-velous change in the means and methods of Christian workers. Pastors and evangelists have come to devote less time to revival work, and more time to political re-forms. The brethren of the congregations have been counseled to "leave the prayer-meetings with the sisters, and attend the primaries," and "pull wires for the king-dom of God." They have been told that "when the pri-mary and the prayer-meeting are held on the same night, the true prayer-meeting is the primary."Š"Christian Cit-izenship," by Jarlos Martyr, p. 65, Funk & Wagnall Co., New York. It is well known that the National Reform Associa-tion has for many years urged that the salvation of this nation depended upon securing an amendment to the national Constitution, accepting Christ as the ruler of the nation, and the Bible as the basis of all legislation. By this it was hoped to convert the nation to Christ. All members of this association are greatly encouraged by the change which this Christian Citizenship move- "'Religious Liberty Library, No. 49." ment has wrought in the means and methods of church work. Rev. J. T. Mc Crory, of Pittsburg, Pa., a lead-ing official in the National Reform Association, and president of the Pennslvania Christian Endeavor Society, referred to the change at the Washington Convention, 1896 (Official Report, p. 125), in these words:Š "Let me call your attention first to the fact that the aspect of the cross is undergoing a great change in this regard. There was a time, not so long ago either, when the cross was viewed almost exclusively in reference to the salvation of the individual. . . . Now, if I under-stand it aright, it is one purpose of this great Endeavor movement to enthrone Christ in our national life. . . . Over yonder, in Scotland, they have just been engaged in doing honor to the martyrs of former centuries. Who were these men? They were the men who sought in their day to get Christ into national life, and they lost their heads for it. They stood, in their day, for what they called the crown rights of King Jesus, Šthe same thing precisely that the Christian Citizenship movement of Christian Endeavor stands for in this country to-day." If the agitation for a formal national recognition of Christianity, or for the enactment of laws with a view to advancing the kingdom of God,Šif such agitation is a desirable change from old paths of Christian work, then Christians have reason to rejoice. If devoting less time to saving men as individuals and more time to saving men as nations is an indication of a return to apostolic power and purity, then the omens are promising. For no intelligent observer can fail to discern this change in means and methods of church work. If, however, this change is for the worse instead of for the better,then this radical transformation should startle every friend of evangelical Christianity. There are many who deplore this new departure. They see in it a movement away from New Testament principles. The Herald and Presbyter, of June 3,1896, contained. these weighty words:Š "The gospel began its mission for the renovation of the world with the exhortation, 'Repent and be baptized every one of you.' It did not direct its efforts to institu-tions, but to individuals. And so it must be now. SoŁ it will be if the Spirit is poured out. To talk about the re-vival of civic righteousness as the great need of the times is reversing the divine order; it is putting the effect before the cause; it is trying to build the house without gath-ering the material. We cannot have a Christian city without Christian citizens. Men's hearts must be re-newed before we can hope for new social and civic con-ditions. Let us labor and pray for what people now-a-days sneer at as ' an old-fashioned revival'Šof thefashion of the first revival when Peter preached on the streets of Jerusalem." Rev. Arthur S. Burrows, pastor of the First Baptist church of Charlestown, Boston, Mass., writes thus in op- position to the employment of governmental power to further the gospel:Š "Soul-freedom is the bulwark of religious liberty, the 