AMERICAN SENTINEL. 201 pray for than had the chaplain of the senate. Another fact elicited was that the late Rev. Mr. Reed was elected chaplain of the Colorado Senate while he was taking the Keeley cure, this being done on the principle, as one sen-ator stated, that it was proper to help a man who was trying to help himself. The compromise proposition was finally voted down, and the regular rate of $3 daily for the chaplain's services allowed to stand. * * * A COPY of the Amory Argus (Amory, Miss.) has been sent us, in which appeared the following item in a column devoted to local topics:Š "East Hatley, the Advent town or colony, is still growing, two more buildings going up. They work six days in the week and keep the Saturday Sabbath. These people, we believe, are a good-meaning people, and have a perfect right to their religious belief, but they should not be suffered to trample upon our Sunday laws as they are doing by following their daily avocations on that day. How long, dear citizens and officers, will you suffer these people to go on unmolested? Hasn't the day come when this vile example which they are laying before our children will be forever removed?" *  * EVERY religious reform that ever came into the world had to begin by setting a bad example from a re-ligious point of view. But what about the example of observing the seventh day as the Sabbath? Who set the first example in this?' The first chapter of Genesis tells us that it was the Creator himself; and "the Ad vents," in common with all seventh day observers, are following the Creator's example, and doing it because He gave them the example and told them to follow it. * * * WE can assure the writer of the item quoted that the children for whom he fears will not be in the least injured but quite the contrary, in following the example of the Crea tor. * THE Colorado legislature has of late been having a little experience touching the merits of State chaplaincy. An attempt was made in the Senate to reduce the price of the chaplain's prayers from $3 to $2 each. The sen-ate was studying retrenchment, and this was one way in which it was proposed- to cut down expenses. Opposi-tion to the proposed reduction was raised at once, and a spirited discussion began. Some senators wanted the chaplaincy abolished altogether, or made an honorary office merely. Senator Gallagher alluded to the contest that was always made for the office, and said that a sal-aried chaplaincy created a very undesirable state of af-fairs. A motion was made to "split the difference" and compromise at $2.50; but in opposition to this it was remarked that the penitentiary chaplain was liberally treated by the State, and that he had no worse cases to A CRUSADE against Sunday saloons is in progress in Lexington, Ky. Fully a hundred indictments, it is stated, have been framed against saloon keepers there for viola-tion of the Sunday law, and both sides are waiting for the decision on a test case, which will decide whether the saloons must close or not. * * To prosecute a saloonist for opening on Sunday im-plies, of course, that selling liquor is an act more evil on that day than on other days; in fact, that it is not evil except on that day. The prosecution really rests upon the religious character of the act. But the con-sequences of liquor selling are the same on all days of the week; and by its consequences is its character to be judged. The courts of law have no business with the question whether liquor selling on Sunday is or is not a violation of the Sabbath. * Ix an attempt to carry the doctrine of church ex-emption from taxation to the point of escaping the water tax, the Catholic Church in this city has just met with a defeat. The following press item states the facts in the case:Š "The application for a writ of mandamus made by the Dominican Church of Our Lady of the Rosary direct-ing Water Commissioner William Dalton to relieve that institution from the payment of water tax was denied by Justice Russell in the Supreme Court yesterday. "The motion for a mandamus was to test the right to exemption from water rent of all the Catholic paro-chial and educational schools and convents, and the amount at stake was several thousand dollars a year. "Justice Russell said that the statute exempts from payment only homes for the reformation, protection, and instruction of poor babes and needy children." * If Catholic schools and convents are exempted from paying taxes, the taxes must still be paid; for exemption from taxation does not mean that the taxes are not paid by anyone. If not paid by these institutions, they must be paid by the public. But where is the difference between being taxed to pay the debts of a Catholic school or convent, and being taxed to support such insti-tutions? We do not propose to help maintain what we believe ought never to exist: 