92 1'148 AMEIRTCAN sN'riNrt. his heart, in order that he may be a com-petent witness, is to destroy all the value of his testimony: Because when such a man takes such an oath, he publicly pro-fesses that he has the fear of God in his heart, when he and all who are acquainted with him know full well that it is not so. He therefore publicly professes a lie as a pledge to society that he is going to tell the truth I And any State which compels men to take such an oath in order to be competent witnesses, adopts the surest means of undermining both public and private integrity, and of destroying the value of judicial testimony. The Statesman knows of course that there is not as much of the fear of God in the hearts of men in the United States as there should be to lend the religious oath its necessary efficacy; and therefore it proposes in the regular National Reform way, to put the fear of God in. the hearts of all of the people in Pennsylvania by strictly enforcing the Pennsylvanian stat-ute, which declares that If any person shall willfully, premeditatedly and despitefully blaspheme, or speak loosely or profanely of Almighty God, Christ Jesus, the Holy Spirit, Or the Scriptures of truth, such person shall be liable to a fine of 'one hundred dollars, and an imprison-ment of three months. The Statesman therefore declares that " a crusade against profanity would be an incalculable blessing ; " and calls upon the " religious newspapers " to summon " Christian citizens to undertake it." Now we are not in favor of eifher blasphemy or profanity; but at the same time we are not in favor of any effort to put the fear of God into the hearts of men by penalties upon their bodies and goods. The fact of the matter is, that State laws on the sub-ject of blasphemy are themselves blas- phemous. A. T. J. Can Ask Only Protection. OUR Government is equally tolerant of all religions. It no more fosters the Chris-tian Church than any other temple of worship of other religious worshipers. It tolerates and protects the Church as against annoyances, but it is no more based upon Christianity than Mohammedanism. So our highest tribunals have often decided. There is not an instance in history where any civil government has attempted or assumed to foster and support the Church, but. what thereby both the. Church and civil government have been corrupted and demoralized. Christianity being of a kingdom not of this world, can net be united with that of this world. This is too plain a proposition to be denied, and when the Church descends to asking civil power to aid in its support there is some-thing dangerously carnal in the purpose. Religion addresses itself entirely to the heart and the conscience, and no man should be forced in any direction of his conscience, in favor or against any religious doctrine or faith. That all are to be protected in  the free right of worship can not be de-nied, whether Christian, Buddhistic, or Confucian. And that a day of rest or Sabbath day should be recognized and observed is not to be denied. But this should be done in a way equally protective to the conscientious views of all. No honest religionist or worshiper can ask anything more in this respect, than peaceable protection in his observance and worship on any day. He has no right to demand of any other person a sacrifice of any right of conscience. An honest man will make no such demand. If any one does so there is something rotten in his moral nature. The observers of the first day of the week as the Sabbath can ask no more for their religious convictions than can those who observe the seventh day. If the seventh-day worshipers were to demand of Government a forced ob-servance of their day, those of the first day would look upon it as intolerance and presumption, and rightfully so, too, and so is the demand of the observers of the first day toward those of the seventh day; and a free Government must so consider it.ŠJudge Barlow, in Rome ( N. Y".) Daily Sentinel. Protection. IT is well known that Joseph Cook is delivering another series of his famous Monday-noon lectures, in Tremont Tem-ple, Boston. The following is one of his characteristic utterances on that plat- form :Š We hear of protection for tin, coal, wool, salt, etc— but where is protection for Christianity ? The duty on things should wait for the duty on men. This is a fair sample of the stuff that the elite of Boston accept from their idol, and not only accept, but greet with cheer on cheer. Ł Does it seem possible that so much knowledge as Mr. Cook displays, can exist in the same head, concomitantly with so little wisdom, and such inbecility of reasoning ? Ł " Where is prOteption for Christianity?" Where, indeed, should it be but in the Almighty Author and upholder of Chris-tianity ? When he ceases to be almighty, and when he ceases to verify his promise' that we, through him, may be "Strength-ened with all might according to his glori-ous power," then; indeed, 'it will -be time for the believers in Christianity, if such there still be, to class their heaven-born religion with tin, coal, wool, salt, etc., as a fit subject for State protection. Such an utterance as the above falls but little short of what "the fool hath said in his heart," namely, that " there is no God.." At least it is a confession that in the mind and heart capable of fathering such a sen-timent, God, -as a source of moral and spiritual power and protection, is .either dead or absent, and that, therefore,. his religion, in that person's conception, has degenerated like the paganism of old, into a mere piece of statecraft. Why do we protect tin, coal, wool, salt, etc.? The answer is: because we can not compete with the cheaper labor of other countries, in their production. When, therefore, men ask for protection for Christianity, it is a confession that in their judgment Christianity can not com-pete with agnosticism and the false re-ligions of the world. All truth is from God; all error, from the father of lies. When, therefore, men say that the true can not compete with the false, they sim-ply say that God can not compete with Satan, or that Satan is stronger than God. What is that but to dethrone God, and make the devil god of the universe in God's stead-? This is simply what pagan-ism, and all false religions, have, in dif-ferent ways, always accomplished. When Mr. Cook asks for State protection for religion he is either, as before shown, logically dethroning God, and deifying Satan, or else he is publicly admitting that the religion he wants protected, is a false religion, which really needs protec-tion in order to compete with the true. Which horn of the dilemma he would choose, I know not, but either is bad enough. It were well for all such to remember the prayer of Jesus for his Church, when he was about to leave the earth and ascend to the Father " I pray for them, I pray not for the world, but for them which thou hast given me; for they are thine. And all mine are thine, and thine are mine, and I am glorified in them. And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one, as we are. While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name: those that thou gayest me, I have kept, and none of them are lost, but the 'son of perdition; that the scripture might be fulfilled. And now come I to thee ; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy ful-filled in themselves. I have given them thy word ; and the world hath hated them, because they are not of the world, even as I am not of the world. I pray not that thou shouldst take them out of the world, but that THOU shouldst keep them from the evil. Neither pray I for 'these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me throughtheir word. Sanctify them through thy truth, thy word is truth ; that they all may be one as thou Father art in me, and I in thee, that the world may believe, that thou hast sent nie." John 17: 9-21. Christ did not ask for the protection of the world, i. e., the State, but for the protection of his Father. It is evident from these solemn words of Christ's prayer, that the Church was. not to be the world, nor the world the Church, but the Church was to be the faithful few who would leave the 'world to walk the high-way of holiness with God. These were to 