 38 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      the embodiment of the principles of justice in govern-ment. By these principles the nation has professed to have been hitherto guided. The question of the justiee of foreign conquest, therefore, is the primary question involved, if it is to be even pretended that former American principles have not been completely aban-doned. Turning therefore to the speech of Senator Beveridge in justification of the Government's present attitude in this matter, what do we find? Hardly have we begun its perusal before we come to these words:Š "Just beyond the Philippines are China's illimitable markets." What is the nation going to do with China's "illimitable markets?" We know what England didŠshe found China only a good market for opium and she was obliged to force the Chinese to buy that. The Chinese people are very poor. Will this nation force another Chinese market? Continuing, we read such statements as the follow-ing:Š "Our largest trade henceforth must be with Asia. The Pacific is our ocean." "Where shall we turn for consumers of our surplus?" "The Philippines give us a base at the door of all the East." And here is one that deserves special emphasis:Š "The power that rules the Pacific, therefore, is the power that rules the world. And with the Philippines, that power is and will foreverbe the American Republic!" The Republic has started out not only to be a "world power," but actually to rule the world! We read further:Š "China's trade is the mightiest commercial fact in our future. Her foreign commerce was $285,738,300 in 1897, of which we, her neighbor, had less than 15 per cent. . . . We ought to have 50 per cent. and we will." That will leave Russia, France, England, Germany, and other nations to divide up the remaining 50 per cent., a scheme in which it is supposed they will readily acquiesce, to the great gain of the world's peace! But, aside from all this,we read, the nation ought to take and hold the Philippines, because they are very valuable in themselves. "The wood of the Philippines can supply the furniture of the world for a century to come. At Cebu, the Rev. Father Segrera told me that forty miles of Cebu's mountain chain are practically mountains of coal." The most remarkable mountain chain in the world, this must be. But that is not all:Š "I have a nugget of pure gold picked up on the banks of a Philippine creek. I have gold dust washed out by crude processes of careless natives from the sands of a Philippine stream. Both indicate great deposits at the source from which they come." There is gold in the islands! And the climate also is something wonderful, for it "is the best tropic climate in the world." We will not try to adjust this conclusion with what we have heard about the rainy seasons. The speaker does- not forget to state that-- the Filipinos are not capable of self-government. "It is barely possible that, one thousand men in all the archipelago are capable of self-government in the Anglo-Saxon sense. My own belief is that there is not one hundred men among them who comprehend what Anglo-Saxon self-government even means." There is something mysterious about Anglo-Saxon self-government, as seen to-day, even to ordinary people in America. The people of the Philippines "are not capable of "self-government. How could they be? They ,are not of a self-governing race." "They are as a people, dull and stupid," and- "Incurably indolent." We have heard of white people in America who were dull, stupid, and indolent, but we have never heard that for this reason they ought to be deprived of the right to vote. In the following words there is forecast a long period of military rule, if not a permanent one, in the new territory:Š "The men we send to administer civilized govern-ment in the Philippines must be themselves the highest examples of our civilization." "They must be as in-corruptible as honor, as stainless as purity, men whom no force can frighten, no influence coerce, no money buy." And if such men cannot be had for this distant territory,- then "Better pure military occupation for years, than government by any other quality of administration." In conclusion, we quote from this speech some state-ments which contribute especially to its significance. Note this:Š "If this be imperialism, its finalend will be the empire of the Son of Man." And that it is imperialism, and meant to be such, is plainly admitted:Š "Pray God the time may never come when mammon and the love of ease shall so debase our blood that we will fear to shed it for the flag and its imperial destiny." And this imperialism is to end in setting up -the "empire of the Son of Man!" That was the way Con-stantine's imperialism was to end, and Charlemagne's. And there are other statements to the same effect:Š "Quick upon the stroke of that great hour [the end of the century] presses upon us our world opportunity, world duty, and world glory," and "Blind indeed is he who sees not the hand of God in events so vast, so har-monious, so benign." "And so, senators, with reverent hearts,where dwells the fear of God, the American people move forward to the future of their hope and the doing of His will." (Italics ours.) The scheme of foreign conquest into which the nation has gone is now before us in full outline, showing 