370 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. trirAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they-will be asked to pay tbrit. (Entered at the New York Postofdee.) THE following quotations are from a letter received at this office from Mr. J. T. Eaton, now under indict-ment at Rome, Ga., for hoeing corn on Sunday, as illus-trated on the front page of this paper. They throw ad-ditional light on the nature of the motive which prompts the prosecution in his case:Š "Some of the people here have the prosecuting wit-ness that made the affidavit against me badly scared. It is alleged that he sold a sack of meal last Sunday, and the Sunday after he had me arrested, it is said, he was seen to hand out a plug of tobacco at a side window in the back end of the store. He runs a small store or stand. "One other of the prosecuting witnesses is an engi-neer, who spends two or three hours each Sunday clean-ing out the boiler of his engine. "Now I don't think these men should be put to any trouble over their Sunday work, but it does show their inconsistency. "Some have wanted me to have them arrested for Sunday work. I tell them, No. Religious liberty is just what I am contending for. "Many are very friendly and willing to help me. All I ask is that it may all work out to the glory of God." Sunday Enforcement in Akron, Ohio. A' CORRESPONDENT in Akron, Ohio, informs us that the Ministerial Association of that place has prevailed on the authorities to enforce strict Sunday closing, and Akron people who do not feel like going to church on Sunday can stay at home and pass the time the best way they can. They are denied recreationŠthe pleasure resorts are all closed. They must get their Sunday, en-joyment out of religion, or not at all. Do the church people of Akron . imagine that this spirit of "enjoy yourself in my way or not at all," is the spirit of Christianity? Have only church going people the right to enjoy themselves on Sunday? Must a per_ son be denied enjoyment on that day because he is not religious? - If an individual does not choose to be religiousŠif he rejects Christianity and the joy of the life to comeŠif  he cuts himself off from eternal pleasures in the kingdom of God, must he therefore be deprived of even the poor pleasures of this world? Ought not Christians to pity such unfortunate ones in view of their loss of eternal joys, and not strive to curtail the few pleasures they have left in this world? The AMERICAN SENTINEL contends for the right of every manŠChristian or non-ChristianŠto enjoy himself on Sunday, in any way which does not infringe on the rights of others. This is a God-given right, of which no man can justly be deprived. The Ministerial Associa-tion of Akron would do well to bear in mind that the God of heaven and earth, the Creator of all, "maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust." It would go hard with Sunday breaking sinners in this world if some of these ministerial associations bad control Of the sunrise and the showers. Sunday Enforcement in Williamsport, Pa. THERE is an agitation for more stringent enforce-ment of the Sunday law in Williamsport, Pa. The facts in reference to the movement are stated by ‚, Williams-port journal, as follows:Š "The ministers and church-going people of the city are becoming very much exercised over the rapidly in-creasing disregard for Sunday that they claim is crop-ping out o many sides in Williamsport. Tobacco stands, ice cream parlors, candy stores, soda fountains. and similar places of business, they say, are wide open on Sunday, and the church people who have the matter in charge, contend that that is an open violation of the Blue Laws of Pennsylvania, which were enforced during Mayor Mansel's administration. "Each succeeding day the movement against the `open door' on Sunday is getting more followers, they say, and at a recent meeting of the Methodist ministers. the matter was given some consideration. "Last evening a committee of two ladies; one from an Episcopal church and the other from a Methodist church, held a conference with Chief-of-Police Stryker-that continued from shortly before 8 o'clock until about 9 o'clock. The 'open door' was discussed, but nothing definite was done. The two ladies, it is said, were anx-ious to learn how to proceed in the matter to have the stores closed on Sunday. "It is understood that the ministers of the city will take some action concerning the opening of stores on the Sabbath." This movement is maae by the church people of Will-iamsport, and this fact is sufficient evidence that it is based on religious grounds. They oppose Sunday open- ing because they believe it is irreligious; and they want this irreligious conduct suppressed by force. But if they should succeed in suppressing all forms of trade on SundayŠall the tobacco shops, ice cream par- 