MARCH '9, 1893. A.NEEIEtIC.A.N sight now. That prophecy is found in Rev. 13:11-17. od's antidote for it, God's warning against it, is found in Rev. 14: 6-12. The salvation of the world lies in heeding that warning.ŠSigns of the Times. Enough to Undermine All Baptist Doctrine. THE Watchman, of Boston, Baptist, careful, and moderately conservative, says: " So many inquiries are addressed to us which suggest that in advocating legislation for closing the World's Fair on Sundays we are violating the distinctive Baptist principle of the separation of Church and State, that a word further upon the matter may be called for." The defense of the Watchman is: "For (one thing, we are not necessarily advo-cating religious legislation in advocating measures approved by religion. A meas-ure may have both a religious and a moral aspect." This evades the real issue. Religion approves whatever is " moral," since it is the source of true morality. But religion, as defined in the matter of legislation, and as contrasted with moral, pertains to the duties men owe to God as distinct from those they owe to each other, and far above them. That is the issue in Sunday legislation. There is no fundamental reason, religious or moral, why men should be forbidden to pursue ordinary business on Sunday, rather than on Monday, unless God re-quires it, because Sunday is, to him, different from other days. The Watchman's second defense is : " We are not necessarily advocating re-ligious legislation in advocating the con-tinuance upon the statute books of measures which were originally placed there in the direct interests of religion. A law may be a wise law, though enacted from motives which fail to justify them-selves. We have nothing to do with the motives of legislators whO put certain measures upon our statute books. Our concern is with the laws themselves. They may be wise and equitable, though we do not admit the validity of the rea-sons which led our fathers to enact them." This historic argument can not be set aside thus easily, especially when ninety per cent. of the pleading for the present Sunday laws is boldly made in the inter-ests of religion. The United States Senate became a theological convention when the Sunday-closing act was under considera-tion last summer. The fourth command-ment was read from the speaker's desk, as the basis of authority in the case. The late " hearing " touching the repeal or the modification of the law was another " theological convention." The supposed case set forth by the Watchman does not fit the facts in the matter under consider-ation. " The law itself " demands that men be restrained from ordinary work, etc., because it is wrong to pursue business on. Sunday. No adroit creating of hypo-thetical cases can remove this fact. The Watchman goes on: " Still further, we are not necessarily advocating reli-gious legislation in advocating measures which promote the good of man as made known by revelation." This is also an evasion of the real issue. "Revelation makes known all that is for the "good of man." It covers the entire field of morals, the subordinate fields of social, intellectual and physical life. It is the province of civil law to regulate the  duties which spring from men's relation to each other; but it is not therefore the province of the State to dictate and enforce duties which arise from men's relation to God. The Watchman does as well as can be done in seeking a middle ground between the Baptist position of " religious liberty and the Catholic theory of State-church authority." But one can easily read between the lines the fact that it is con-scious of championing an illogical posi-tion, which will not stand the test of " Baptist principles," nor of the biblical doctrine concerning man's relation to God. There is fallacy enough in the Watchman's effort to undermine the entire citadel of Baptist doctrine. It would do better to leave the defense of Sunday legislation to those who do not believe that the Bible is the only rule of faith and practice for Christian men.ŠSabbath Recorder: Ł In the Time of the End. IN the Episcopal Recorder of December 29, there is an article by Rev. Nathaniel West, D. D., in regard to the coming of the Lord, in which he takes ground against those who believe the Lord may come at any moment, and declares that many things must yet be fulfilled before Christ will come. In support of his position, in addition to Bible testimony, he quotes quite largely from Bishop Martensen, one of the greatest scholars of Europe. Some of the statements of the bishop are so striking that we feel justified in quoting them. Take, for example, the following :Š For though it is not for us to determine the day or the hour, yet we must know that in the propor-tion as the opposition between the Church and the world resembles what it was in the apostolic age, in the same proportion we have the right to say, " The Lord comes quickly ! " for the apostolic age is an abiding pattern and type for us, not only in relation to what is evil, but also in relation to what is good. (Dogmatics, pp. 466-8.) With. the above position, Seventh-day Adventists are in substantial agreement. There is probably only this difference, that we believe that the struggle between the world and the popular churches com-bined, and the true church, " which keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus" (Rev. 14:12), is much nearer than the bishop thinks it is. And if the spirit of persecution is let loose, then according to the bishop's own posi-tion, "we have the right to say, `The Lord comes quickly !' for the apostolic age is an abiding pattern and type for us." We give one more quotation from Bishop Martensen :Š It is decidedly and plainly foretold in the Scrip-tures, that evil must attain to its supreme mani-festation, before the Lord comes. In the last times a great and widespread apostasy from Chris-tianity will take place, and Christendom become a complete Babylon. The churches will be in a state of corruption, because false doctrines and unchris-tian government will have got the upper hand. Worldly luxury, combined with wealth, trade, and extensive commerce, will exercise a widespread dominion, and ungodliness and debauchery accom-pany it. But "in one hour," i. e., suddenly, Baby-lon (the corrupt, organized hierarchy) will fall, a sudden catastrophe will ensue, an overthrow of the social condition of the whole world, culture, and civilization, with its sham Christianity. Then will the anti-Christ and the anti-Christian kingdom come, even the climax of the apostasy, the con-summation of evil on the earth. Then will the great tribulation befall believers. Anti-christ will form a new religion by strong delusion, into which the Lord will suffer all to fall who have not re-ceived the love of the truth, a Caesaropapy of the worst kind, a world-religion which ends in the worship of the image of the beast, a beast whose  culture and civilization are ever more and more tending to bestiality, to rude force, and carnal lust." It is evident from the above extract that the bishop has been studying the book of Revelation, and that he sees some things there predicted which he believes have not yet been fulfilled. He sees that in the last days there will be widespread apostasy, and evil will come to a " su-preme manifestation;" the churches will be in a " state of corruption ;" a " great tribulation" will "befall believers;" beast-worship will be established, and the image of the beast will also be worshiped. A strong delusion will be manifested, "into which the Lord will suffer all to fall who have not received the love of the truth."ŠReview and Herald. The National Religious Liberty Asso- ciation and the Tennessee Persecutions. [The fourth annual session of the National Religious Lib-erty Association was held at Battle Creek, Mich., on February 20; there were one hundred and fifty-five delegates representing thirty States and Territories. The following is an extract from remarks of A. F. Ballenger, Secretary of the Association, in reference to the Tennessee prosecutions.] As early as 1886, there was the imprisonment of Wm. Dortch, the father of Wm. Dortch Jr.,who was on trial at this term of the court, W. H. Parker and James Stem. These three Seventh-dayAdvent-ists were incarcerated in the Paris jail for two months, in the summer of 1886. A camp-meet-ing wasŁ held at Paris the same year, and the sheriff accompanied the brethren from the jail every morning to the camp-ground, stayed with them in the same seat through the services, and at night returned with them to the jail. Elder E. W. Farnsworth spoke one Sunday evening on the subject of the United States in prophecy, and when he came to the point where this Government was to become a persecuting power, he pointed to these three men before him in the custody of the sheriff ; and it made a deep impression, not only upon their own people, but strangers were affected, and the sheriff himself. Following this, we have the case of R. M. King which, I think, began in the year 1889. He was first brought before the magistrate and fined $3, and costs, amounting to $12.85, for doing farm work on Sunday. This fine he paid. He was then indicted before the Grand Jury in Obion County, for working upon this same Sunday and other Sundays. The case was tried, and he was found guilty, and fined $75, and costs. The case was then appealed to the Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee, and the decision was there affirmed. The case was next appealed to the United States Circuit Court, and again the decision of the lower courts were sustained. The case was next appealed to the United States Supreme Court, and it was on the docket when Mr. King died, thus bringing the case to an end. During the time the case was being tried in the courts, there was little or no persecution, as the people were awaiting the results of this case ; but, when it was finally learned that the United States Circuit Court had decided against him, and that he had died before the United States Supreme Court could review the decision of the lower courts, persecution began again. I might, however, notice the connection of the churches of Tennesse with this case of prosecution. When the case came before the Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee, the prosecuting attorney failed to appear, and was telegraphed for, but he failed to come. The governor of the State was telegraphed that the case was pending. The Min-isterial Association of the city of Memphis, Tenn., hearing of this, hastily called a meeting and passed resolutions at that meeting to employ counsel to prosecute Mr. King. If this case had gone before the Supreme Court of the United States, and been decided against him, those who were longing to prosecute would have seen in it the indorsement of 