JULY 23, 1896. AJVICIMIct CI E.11V1C9I 1bil 4, 227 he is to love God with all his heart, with all his soul, and with all his mind, more than he loves himself even; while he is to love his neighbor as himself. Matt. 22:37-39. It should never be forgotten that God's moral government and proper, legitimate, God-ordained civil government, occupy en- tirely different spheres, and in their re-spective spheres a man can be loyal to both. No man is better qualified to render honest, efficient service to his country than he who does it for conscience' sake. The whole subject under discussion in the 13th chapter of Romans is man's duty to his fellows. This is evident from verses 8-10: " Owe no man any thing, but to love one an-other: for he that loveth another bath ful- filled the law. For this, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly com-prehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. Love worketh no ill to his neighbor: therefore love 'is the fulfilling of the law." This the divine law requires and it is more than the civil law can possibly exact. The Christian must notŠyea he cannot, do wrong, but he can suffer and will suffer wrong, and that patiently. Said the Saviour: " Ye have heard that it hath been said, An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth: but I say unto you,That ye resist not evil: but whosoever shal smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also. And if any man will sue thee at law, and take away thy coat, let him have thy cloak also. And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him twain." And again the apostle says: " What glory is it, if, when ye be buffeted for your faults, ye shall take it patiently? but if, when ye do well, and suffer for it, ye take it patiently, this is acceptable with God. For even hereunto were ye called : because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an ex-ample, that ye should follow his steps." 1 Peter 2: 20, 21. Even should the civil law strip the Christian of his earthly possessions, it would still be his duty to quietly submit, trusting his cause to God who judgeth right-eously, and remembering that " all things work together for good to them that love God." Non-resistance is the rule of the Christian's life. But while the Christian is to yield to man everything, yea and much more than the civil law requires, and this for conscience' sake, he must not render to Caesar that which is God's. The divine mandate is, "Render to God the things that are God's. And neither the 13th chapter of Romans, nor any other Scripture, contradicts this in any degree. The whole subject matter of that chapter is con-cerning the Christian's duty to render to C-sar (the civil authorities) the things that are due to civil authority, and nothing else. Ł " WHITHER ARE WE DRIFTING ?" Tnis question is propounded and considered in a very serious tone by the N. Y. Mail and Express, of July 9. It contemplates the sit-uation as revealed by the action of the Demo-cratic National convention at Chicago, and declares that the strength of the forces which that action represents has been underesti-mated. It concludes that the nation is drift-ing towards anarchy, and will speedily reach it unless the people unite upon' certain lines of action which it defines. Making due allowance for the influence of  political partisanship upon newspaper utter-ances, it is evident that a feeling of real con- cern for the safety of the nation is beginning to take possession of thoughtful men who have the interests of the country at heart. Statesmen look out upon the prospect with feelings of fear and perplexity. There is a war of words about the relative merits of gold and silver as currency; but the real contest is not between metals, but between men. Nor is it so much a contest between political par-ties, as a contest between those parties, or classes, who from time immemorial have stood facing each other in hostile attitude,Šnamely, the laboring men and the men of wealth. This is what gives the situation its serious aspect. Under the impetus of a great politi-cal demonstration, the forces have been swung into line for a renewal of the old struggle be-tween wealth and want,Ša struggle which it is well known will not be confined in its con-duct to political methods. The workingmen feel that they have just grievances which must be settled by a readjustment of the relations between capital and labor. And whether they are right or wrong, wise or foolish, in their choice of methods for a solution of the diffi-culty, without doubt the party of wealth are largely responsible for the danger which now threatens the nation's prosperity and peace. The workingmen have been oppressed, and if their proposed methods for relief and redress seem to savor of madness, it is only an indication of the climax which is being reached in the controversy. Truthfully has the prophet spoken in the words, " Go to now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you. Your riches are corrupted, and your garments are moth-eaten. Your gold and silver is cankered; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you, and shall eat your flesh as it were fire. Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days." James 5:1-3. The source from which these words come is a source of truth to which the statesmen of this day would do well to turn for light. s. THE GOSPEL AND CIVIL LIBERTY. THE gospel is not against civil liberty. On the contrary it promotes civil liberty, and reveals by its light what perfect civil liberty is. Civil liberty has been often denied in the name of Christianity. But this is not an in-dictment of Christianity any more than is a counterfeit dollar an indictment of the money system which it is made to represent. For the real teachings of Christianity on this as on every other point we turn to the words of Christ. We find that he said to his disciples: " Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them. But it shall not be so among you : but whosoever will be great among you, let him be your minister; and whosoever will be chief among you, let him be your servant." Matt. 20: 25-27. This is the spirit of Christianity; and though the Saviour was not here speaking with ref-erence to the conduct of civil government, his words are a condemnation of that dominion of man over his fellows which is so naturally sought by those who have been raised to posi-tions of eminence. The Christian will not seek, under any circumstances, to make any of his fellows his subjects. He will seek to be the servant of his fellowmen, but not their master. LEO'S REPLY TO GLADSTONE. THE Roman pon,oi, heo X111., is again be-fore Christendom with an encyclical on Chris-tian unity, which it is understood, is intended as a reply to the appeal from Mr. Gladstone on that subject. In this encyclical the pontiff flatly denies not only the validity of Anglican orders, but every ground upon which a recognition of the same might be sought from him, by declaring that Mr. Gladstone and the party for whom he speaks, and all others outside the papal fold, are schismatics having no connection with Christ; and that there can be no Chris-tian unity without assent to "an authoritative magisterium," which, he says, was lodged in Peter and transmitted through him to his suc-cessors, the popes. There must be, he de-clares, a recognition of papal pi imacy,--of the pope's authority as superior to every other man or to any council of men. In the " light " of this encyclical the papal system stands clearly forth as a religious despot-ism. Its " Christian unity" is the unity of submission to man. It is a unity which ex-cludes reason and liberty. It is the unity of mental and spiritual slavery. Christianity, on the other hand, means per feet liberty. It stands for individualism; it And this will be the spirit of that govern-ment under which the citizen enjoys perfect civil liberty. It would be the spirit of this Government if it were in fact what it is in theory; for it is the theory that in this Re- public, public office is a public trust, and that those in office, from the President down, are the servants of the people and not their rulers. We find, as a matter of fact, that the arbi-trary exercise of power by those in govern- mental positions, is almost as common here as elsewhere; but in principle this Government proceeds upon the Golden Rule,Š" Whatso-ever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." Matt. 12:7. In no other way could it be, what it is in theory, a " government of the people, by the people, and for the people." God himself, in his government of all his creatures, does not exercise arbitrary dominion. Whatsoever his creatures have, they possess by their own free choice. The very principles upon which his government is established are principles of their own choosing. The very decrees of heaven are their own decrees. God might decide the destiny of every case by his own omniscience, and pronounce judg-ment upon every transgressor who rejects his mercy; but he will not do so, but on the con-trary has committed the judgment of wicked men and even of angels, to his saints. The books of record will be examined,Šnot by the Lord, for he knows all that they containŠbut by saints and angels, in order that the sen-tence pronounced in every case may be their sentence. God will not proceed to the final settle-ment with sin without the concurrence of every righteous being in every step that is taken. Thus the very government or heaven itself is, in a sense, a government of the peo-ple, by the people, and for the people. Would that this generous spirit might ani-mate every move in the conduct of civil at-fairs! Then every one in office would remem-ber that he is a servant and not a ruler of the people, and would strive to do to others that which he would wish done to hhnself. We should then have a government far better than anything which assumes shape in the dreams of "national reform." s. 