AME R ICA:NT SENTINEL. 341 -   (Auden asking " the laymen of the Meth-odist Episcopal Church, who will in the fall of 1890 take action on the question of making women eligible as delegates to the General Conference, to do as they would be done by,' and the laywomen to remem-ber that there is neither male nor female in Christ Jesus,' and who would be free, himself must strike the blow.' " But a larger scheme of a Woman's Council has been devised, the attempt be-ing' made to induce all woman's societies, such as the Woman's Foreign and Home MiSsionary Societies, to send delegates so as to come under the influence of the same principles. The King's Daughters also were solicited to join the Council, that young and old might be indoctrinated with-  these aspirations and ambitious. It is due to many private members of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union and a few 'remaining leaders in State or-ganizations to say they do not agree with these views. Many of them, however, have not fully awakened to the real condition. Our readers may now in part see what is the meaning of the movement. If the Methodist Episcopal ChurCh in the first quarter of its second century desires to become a " Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union" Church, or a mere adjunct to that organization, it needs only to pro-ceed in ,the direction to which it is urged. The Sunday Campaign in California. TAB political ,campaign incident to the State election is now in full blast. The Sunday-I* campaign is not really a part of the political strife. The two leading parties are letting the subject alone as hard as they can; and the Prohibitionists; although ,carrying a State Sunday law as a plank in their platform, are not united in urging it upon the people. Some .of them are -decidedly opposed to it, and one of their leading speakers told me that he did not refer to the subject at all. Further-more he said that some of their candidates for - legislative honors, if elected, would not: vote for a Sunday law. There is, however, a Sunday-law move-ment on foot on the outside, and it is being vigorously pushed. The American Sab-bath Union is working its game of secretly extorting pledges from candidates in return for-pledges of votes. They issue a monthly document of eight large octavo pages, for the purposes of- their campaign. The Un-ion, labors to enlist the interest of the ministers, and work through the churches; and in all the public efforts the ministerial character .of the movement is plainly man-ifest. Rev. Dr.. Thompson, Pacific Coast Sec-retary. -of. the Union, was in Oakland on the 12th inst., and spoke his piece in the First ,Methodist Episcopal Church, in the morning, and in the First Congregational Church, in the-evening. He read from the book Of Nehemiah, chapter 13, verses 15-- 21, with an air that betokened a strong desire to be the Nehemiah of California, and squelch somebody for Sunday-break-ing. In his discourse he reiterated the old " chestnuts " about this being a Christian Nation, and ought, therefore, to have a Christian Sabbath ; that the framers of the Declaration of Independence recog-nized that the Nation derived its pow-ers from the Almighty; that Benjamin Franklin demanded that a minister of the gospel be brought in to ask God's blessing upon the Constitution Convention; that the Constitution of the United States con-tains a Sunday law in its provision that the President shall have ten days, exclusive of Sundays, in which to sign bills, etc., etc. He argued that a nation may be religious or non-religious; that it may be Christian, pagan, or Mohammedan; but our fathers chose to make this a Christian Nation. He seemingly forgot that his Union denies any thought of, or belief in, a union of Church and State; and if his argument amounted to anything, such an election on the part of the founders of the Govern-ment would have established a Church and State oligarchy at the very beginning In his glorification of the virtues of Sunday legislation, Mr. Thompson de-clared that the Sunday law is the magna charta of religious liberty. Without it men are held in slavery ; there are now in the United States three million of men compelled to work on Sunday. If this were true, it would not argue much for the efficiency of the " great magma charta;" for the three million workmen asserted to be in slavery, cannot all be in California, and the few sparsely settled Territories where there are no Sunday laws. But it is not a fact that any hired man is com-pelled to work on Sunday ; he may leave if he wants to. The law will protect him from being compelled to work any day, except as a punishment for crime Who ever heard of a seventh-day keeper being compelled to work on Saturday ? Hundreds of them, laboring men, have given up their situations rather than work on the Sabbath-day, and not one of them ever starved. None of them over dreamed of asking for a law to compel men to hire thorn and let them off on Saturday. The Doctor's sentimental story about the young man in a Los Angeles County village who could not get off on Sunday to hear him lecture, is considerably spoiled by Mr. Crafts's book, which was so urgently commended at the close of the discourse. In this the author takes spe-cial pains to show wherein a conscientious determination not to work on Sunday works to the advantage of the laborer, by increasing the employer's confidence. A rather novel challenge was thrown out to California young men. It was this : The speaker proposed to show, by contest, that a young man of twenty-five years brought up in a strict Sunday-law village would prove more intellectual than one  brought up in a California town without a Sunday law. Of course everybody knows that such banter is all sheer bluff; but I take space to mention it here as showing to what straits Sunday-law stump speakers are driven to make a show of argument. The speaker's effort was closed by call-ing attention to sundry specimens of Sab-bath Union literature, among them being the document sent out from Washington to signers of the petition, against religious legislation in Congress. This is a decep-tive effort to convince the signers that they had not sense enough to know what they were doing, when they signed the petition, although it was couched in the plainest language. He also had the house canvassed for subscriptions to his monthly document, and advertised some other literature de-signed to work up a sentiment among the people in favor of his pet scheme. A lady in the audience, who acknowledged that she had become somewhat " confused on the subject," asked an individual near her how it was the Doctor was doing such business in church on Sunday, if the day were so sacred as it was represented to be. He gave it up, but supposed it was because laborers in the Sunday-law interest have generally had poor success in getting au-diences on other days. I cull the following, from the Sabbath Union's Pacific Coast monthly document, accredited to the Century:Š If this were a Jewish country, the Jewish wor-ship on Saturday should be peculiarly protected from molestation. If it were a Mohammedan coun-. try, Friday should be in a like manner protected. This is simple common sense applied to things as they are, and no action of Doctriniare theory. Where there is a conflict of sacred days, as among Jew, Christian, and Mohamniedan, all cannot be protected, and hence the majority must determine the question. If the majority must determine such questions, why does not the American Sab-bath Union, whose mouthpiece Dr. Thomp-son is, let the majority alone in California ? An acknowledged majority of twenty thousand have said that they do not want a Sunday law; yet the Union is secretly endeavoring to bribe legislative candi-dates, by promises of votes, to violate the will of the majority and enact such a law at the next session of the Legislature. But why is it that " all cannot be pro-tected " ? Ł This is a republican Govern-ment, and guarantees religious freedom to all. If all cannot be protected in their religious privileges, then the Republic is a failure. If all cannot be protected, it is because those who chance to have the power covet a monopoly of religious priv-ilege, and are selfish enough to deny equal rights to all who do not follow them. If this sentiment had emanated from a pagan or Mohammedan source, it would not have been surprising; but to throw it out as representative Christian princi-ple, is libelous upon that faith Whose Founder commanded to " love thy neigh- bor as thyself." W. N. GtENN. Oakland, Cal., Oct. 18, .490, 