264 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE Government has issued a proclamation declar-ing that the people of Cuba are and of right ought to be, free and independent, but refusing to recognize the Cuban Insurgent government. But the Insurgent government is the only government on the island that stands for freedom and independence from Spanish rule. All those in Cuba which do not adhere to the Insurgent cause pro-claim by that fact that they do not want to be independ-ent. Hence the Government has undertaken the task of making free and independent a people who do not want to be free, but are satisfied to let the government remain as it was. How it will succeed in this rather curious en-terprise, remains to be seen. But in any event, the re-sulting government can hardly fail to be an improvement over Spanish rule. THE Washington correspondent of the Chicago Times-Herald, in speaking of the efforts of certain ones to make political capital out of the war question, says:Š "It is not believed the American Congress has sunk so low that it is going to convert a high Christian task into a mere political trick." What "high Christian task" it is that the American Congress has on hand, this writer does not tell. The ar-ticle in which the sentence is used is altogether devoted to the war situation over Cuba and the "Maine." Con-gress has no Christian task to perform at all, and never can have. It is neither a Christian body nor a body of Christians. This sentence is a striking illustration of the utter confusion of thought that obtains with respect to what is a Christian, and what a Christian task would be. * * "ScoitEs of protests against the Sunday work at the' Brooklyn Navy Yard," says a New York daily, "have been received from ministers and other persons by Rear-Admiral Bunce, commandant of the yard. . . . Ad- miral has referred the objectors to the Secretary of the Navy. Most of them take the ground that by be-ing fitted out on Sunday, disaster is sure to overtake these vessels." It is all right to fight, say these same clergymen,Šall right to kill people with the guns of these ships of war, and destroy cities and other property; all right to entail the misery and ruin which must come from war; the pro-test is not against this; it is against work being done on Sunday:  If work were not done on Sunday, God would  favor them in their mission of death and destruction; for God does not care how many people are killed and how many others are plunged into misery and ruin; what he is particular about is that there shall be no work done on Sunday. And since his will is not observed in this, he will bring disaster upon the ships of war, which means triumph to the enemy. God would rather the govern-ment of Spain in CubaŠwith all its horrorsŠshould con-tinue than that American ships of war should be fitted out on Sunday. All this is said, in effect, in these pro-tests against Sunday work. Evidently it would be diffi-cult to name anything which, in the view of this class of persons, would be worse than the desecration of Sunday..  * * A FORCIBLE comment on the supposed antagonism between civilization and superstition, is the following, which appeared in a recent issue of the Cincinnati En-quirer:Š "Owing to the rapid rising of the Ohio River, the most reverend archbishop directs, that in order to avert the hardships and sufferings caused by a flood as well as other tribulations, the priests recite in mass, for three months, the collect Pro quacumque necessitate, and after mass, one Our Father and Hail Mary. "After the expiration of the three months they wilt say for three days in mass the prayer Pro Gratiarum Ac-tione, and after mass one Our Father and Hail Mary. "By order of the Archbishop, "HENRY MOELLER, "Chancellor." The.only sure cure for superstition is faith. * * "THE possibility of a republic in name, with scarcely a vestige of the substance of republican institutions, now presented by France," says the New York Christian Ad-vocate, "should be a solemn warning to the United States jealously to watch all modifications that may take away the real liberties of the people enjoyed in the earlier days of the republic." France is a military despotism; and so likewise is Germany, Russia, and every other country where the war spirit has had full opportunity for devel-opment. The great armies "protect" the country against neighboring nations, but what is most wanted is some-thing to protect the people from the terrible oppressions which the maintenance of the great armies forces upon them. * * As a last resort to avert hostilities with the United States, it was proposed to Spain that she cede the island of Cuba to the pope, who, it was said, would then declare its independence. But if, in such a case the pope should choose to declare Cuba subject to the papacy, the admin-istration of the "government" to be still in the hands of SpainŠas the ally of the papacyŠthe Government of the United States would be placed in an awkward predica ment, since it would be obliged to make war on the pa-pacy, or recede fro'm its demands respecting Cuba. And 