JULY 11; 1895: ELI tC.A_N N-lbt,Tuo 2192, former. This will, doubtless, end the matter of prosecutions until the law is amended or further legislation enacted upon the Sunday observance line. The Christian(?) people (Methodists) who laid the complaint against Mr. Watt, are very sore over their defeat, and act as if they would like a law such as the Pharisees had, the trans-gression  of which would be death. It is reported that Mr. Charlton's Sunday bill has passed the House of Commons, with a fair prospect of passing the Senate. This act, if put through, will be a power in the hands of a certain religious element in Ontario, with which to bitterly oppress Sabbath-keepers. Every step taken in America is being followed in this country, and the prophecy of Rev. 13: 15, 16 is being fulfilled before the eyes of all people. P. M. HowE. .4..  AN UNBAPTISTIC BAPTIST. THE Canadian Baptist, in its issue of June 13, attempts to explain and justify Sunday statutes and the punishment of seventh-day observers under them, thus:Š Let us suppose, by way of illustration, that in a given community 043 question of Sunday laws is just being settled for the first time. Having decided that a statutory rest-day is essential to the general weal,-the first question for the statesman is, evidently, What day of the week shall be set apart as the day of rest'?" He looks over the field and finds that a large proportion of the citizens, say three-fourths of the whole, are already accustomed to observe Sunday as a weekly sabbath, sacred to rest and worship; to assemble in the most peaceable and orderly manner on this day for religions purposes, etc. How long will the real statesman hesitate as to what day shall be chosen as. the weekly rest-day for the whole com- munity ? In order to aid our Baptist friend to see the real nature of this " illustration," we will put it, slightly altered, into the mouth of a Russian defender of his established church, and the enforcement of the laws against Stundists:Š Ł Let us suppose, by way of illustration, that in a .— given country the question of church establishment is just being settled for the first time. Having decided that an established religion is essential to the general weal, the first question for the statesman is, evidently, " Which one of the several religions shall be legally established and enforced upon all?" He looks over the field and finds that a large proportion of the citizens, say three-fourths of the whole, are already accustomed to worship according to the rites of the Greek Church. How long will the real statesman hesitate as to what religion shall be chosen for the whole country? It may be objected that a law compelling all to remain idle on a certain day because a ma-jority of the people are supposed to regard that day holy, is not parallel with the policy in Russia of compelling Jews, Stundists and other dissenters to conform to the religion of the majority. But there is absolutely no dif-ference save in degree. The seventh-day ob-server who is imprisoned or put in the chain-gamg in America for refusing to remain idle on the holy day of his neighbor, is as truly persecuted as is the Stundist who is exiled to Siberia for dissenting from the law-enforced Greed of his Russian neighbor. There is one point in the attempt of the Canadian Baptist to justify Sunday laws that deserves attention. It presumes that Sunday laws are first found necessary on purely civil grounds, and afterwards the day is selected which the majority regard as holy. But the Canadian Baptist has gotten the cart before the horse. There never was a Sunday act secured on that basis. All Sunday statutes originated in an attempt to protect the sup- posed religious character of the day, and after-wards when the doctrine of separation of Church and State prevailed; then and not till then was the civil excuse invented. The statutes enforcing Sunday observance in all English-speaking countries are direct, legitimate descendants of the Sunday act of Charles IL This no historian or member of the legal fraternity will dispute. And now, to show that the act did not originate in the civil idea, but in the idea of enforced religious observance, we quote the statute here:Š For the better observation and keeping holy the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, and by and with the advice and consent of the lords, spiritual and tem-poral, and of the commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that all the laws enacted and in force concerning the observa-tion of the day, and repairing to the church thereon, be carefully put in execution; and that all and every person and persons whatsoever shall upon every Lord's day apply themselves to the observation of the same, by exercising themselves thereon in the duties of piety and true religion, publicly and privately; and that no tradesman, artificer, workman, laborer, or other person whatsoever, shall do or exercise any worldly labor or business or work of their ordinary callings upon the Lord's day, or any part thereof (works of necessity and charity only excepted), and that every person being of the age of fourteen years or upwards offending in the premises shall, for every such offense, forfeit the sum of five shillings; and that no person or persons what-soever shall publicly cry, show forth, or expose for sale any wares, merchandise, fruit, herbs, goods, or chattels whatsoever, upon the Lord's day, or any part thereof, upon pain that every person, so offending shall forfeit the Caine goods so cried or showed forth or ex-posed for sale.' Nearly all the Sunday statutes to-day wear ear-marks, which indicate their religious or-igin, nature and object. They contain such theological expressions as " violating the sab-bath," " breach of the sabbath," " desecrate," " worldly employment, " " Lord's day, " " Christian sabbath," etc., etc. But if all these distinctively religious expressions were eliminated this would not change their nature. A rose would smell just as sweet if called by some other name, and a law forcing all men to be idle while some pray would be just as ty-rannical if expressed in secular terms and called civil. It is one of those strangely inconsistent things that follows the transformation of a weak, minority church into a powerful major-ity that makes this article a necessity. Think of it! A Baptist journal defending the im-prisonment of Seventh-day Adventists for re-fusing to obey Sunday laws when Roger Will-iams was banished from an American colony, because among other things, he "declared the opinion that the magistrate might not punish a breach of the sabbath."2  "Revised Statutes of England, from 1235-105, A. D." (LŁmdon, 1870.) Pages 779, 780. 2  "American Encyclopedia," Article, " Roger Widiams." THE PRINCIPLE AT STAKE. [From, the Dayton (Tenn.) Republican, June R.1.] A STRANGE condition confronts the citizens of Rhea County. The personal safety and freedom of a large community of our people are threatened by the unjust and illogical operations of the law. If the letter of the law is enforced and these people are again fined and imprisoned, it will undoubtedly drive them from the county and the State. They pay taxes on property aggregating not less than $50,000, nearly all created through their own industry. There are no better or' more desirable people in the county than these Graysville Adventists. It is absurd to, the verge of idiocy to treat them as criminals. As a matter of fact the law under which they are being tried has been diverted from its, true mission, and its principles are being misap-plied. Truly has Justice been represented as blind-folded; let us hope she is not . also stupid. The REPUBLICAN does not take thaposition it occupies on this question through personal motives or petty prejudices. From the mo-ment the evidence was given which convicted the nine Adventists last March our course was fully made up. The juries themselves saw and admitted the wrong, but thought they had to bring in a "guilty" verdict as in accord with the law and the judge's charge. To the ministry and those people who call themselves Christians and church-members, and who oppose the Adventists, we have a question to ask: have you, in the sanctity of your home, with your family gathered round youŠor perchance in the solitude of your closetŠgotten down on your knees, to the God you love and reverence and asked for help and strength and wisdom to guide you aright in what your duty is as regards these persecuted people ? God pity you if you have not! We stand for an underlying principle that is as broad and deep as this GovernmentŠthe principle that men are created with certain inalienable rights, and are entitled :to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness just so long as they do not infringe upon the natural rights of others; and inseparable from this principle is the freedom to worship the Creator according to the dictates of conscience. Re-member that " he who fails to protest .against the persecution of his neighbor thereby, vir-tually forfeits the right to protest when he himself is persecuted." Moncure D. Conway truly says: "No un-repealed statute is ever obsolete. The-head,of every wrong lives still while its principle is spared, and though it seems antiquated one day, it may be a spirited policy' the next; " and Richard M. Johnson says, " One bigot may set the machinery of the law in motion and better men be his victims." This is the reason that "eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." We are with the Ad-ventists in this struggle because it involves a principle that affects the personal rights of mankind, and indirectly our own liberties. 