388 riktm AIVIMICAN S'ENTINEL. sacrament was " observed " ? Laws can be repealed only by the same authority enacting them, never by those who are subjects to them. Never by word of God, or act of Christ, or precept of apostle, has that holy institution been changed to a civil institution; hence it is holy still. And though the State declare it civil, the duties of the citizen to the State are swallowed up in the obligation of the in-dividual to his God. Briefly, then, we find that the Sabbath, being a religious institution, the sole con-trol of which is the divine prerogative, so acknowledged by Holy Writ, by our Con-gress, by Supreme Courts, and by all historyŠit cannot be a fit subject for civil legislation and it is not the preroga-tive of civil government to enforce it. A Degrading Alliance. WHEN the Church appeals to the civil power for aid, it is a tacit admission that it is not sustained by divine power, and that God's cause is dependent on the State, and without governmental aid all will be lost. When the Church thus appeals to the civil power, her cry is, " Help, or we perish!" It limits the power of God as it places him in the position of an humble, suppliant before the State,Šin the person of those that claim to be his representa-tives,Špleading with the State to do that which he is unable of himself to accom-plish. The theory of Church and State makes the State a divine creatt4 re, and the indi-vidual its adoring subject. He must look to the State for religious instruction; it must be to him a chart and compass to direct him in the way of righteousness. When the Church places what she be-lieves to be the cause of God on the "ship of State," it is consigned to the uncertain billows of political opinion to undergo a change as often as popular sentiment may chance to change. It makes the voice of the people the will of God, in harmony with the pagan maxim, vox populi vox Dei. And as the will of the people centers in the chief magistrate his decrees must be considered the decrees of God. Like the pagan theory in the days of the Caesars, it constitutes the ruler of the government a god; or in other words, the theory of religion and the State is both antichristian and pagan. Those that have contended for union of religion and the State, advocating that it would prove a panacea for all ills both in the Church and in the State, have ever proved the greatest enemies to the cause that they were in their misguided zeal trying to defend. A church separate from the world is a church of Christ; allied with the world it is a spiritual har-lot. By such an alliance Rome became the "mother of harlots," as described in Rev. 17:5, and her chief ruler a god, as described in 2 Thess. 2: 4. A writer says of the fourth century : " The Church was allied with the State, and religious dogmas were enforced by the sword of the magistrate. The mission of the Church was lost sight of in a de-grading alliance with the State." Such an alliance is a degrading one, and it is to be hoped that those that are contend-ing for religion and the State in our Gov-ernment, may see their error before it is too late, and not degrade Christianity by such an unholy union. E. T. RUSSELL. An Inquisitorial Organization. UNDER the heading, " Organizing to Defend the Sabbath," the Christian Statesman, of November 26, publishes in detail the method of organization of a " Rest Day League." In this is uncovered the inquisitorial purposes of the combina-tion. There is a startling parallel to be drawn between the methods of this would be arch-inquisitor of the nineteenth century used here, and the account of the first steps in the organization of the Inquisition, when it was enjoined upon the bishops "to bind in every parish a priest and two or three, or more, laymen by oath, to search out heretics," and to aid these a "new order was founded called the Militia Jesu Christi contra hcereticos. [The soldiery of Jesus Christ against heretics.] The Church, however, contented itself with the examination of the heretics, and called on the secular arm to carry the sentence into execution." The life prin-ciple of the Inquisition,Šthat religious dissent is a crime punishable by civil law, Šhas but lain dormant for a few gener-ations, scotched not killed, and now raises its serpent-head again. Mark the secret investigating committee of four or.more, the appointment of .which is 'here recom-mended, and consider whether the livery of Satan has been, is, or ever can be, the distinctive apparel of the servants of God:Š The editor being recently in:St. Louis to conduct the " Forum of Reforms," and C. L. S. C. Round Table, in a four-day Chatauqua, afterward organ-ized a Rest Day League for that city, which had hitherto neither a Sabbath Association nor a Law and Order League: The Rest Day League is both of these in one. Its Constitution or plan of work is mostly in the following, from Article V.:*Š " Committees shall be appointed as follows : The Secretary or Secretaries shall appoint an investiga-ting committee of four or more, known only to themselves, some of whom on each Sabbath shall by personal observation ascertain what violations of the law of the State and of humanity are in prog-ress, and report fully, in writing, to the Secretary as a basis for, reports from him to the Board, to guide its work, and to the public by the press and platform, and to civil officers as an urgent in-centive to fidelity on their part. The President shall appoint committees: (1) On furnishing matter to the preSs. (2) On circulation of literature. (3) On voluntary closing of places of labor and busi-ness. (4) On securing and forwarding petitions against Sunday opening of the World's Fair. *The whole Constitution will be sent to any who-apply with stamp. (5) On public meetings. (6) On legislation The Secretary is expected to report somewhat as follows, every Monday, what has been reported to him by his investigating committee. [Sample letter to be applied weekly through the press or mail until cure is effected.] AN OPEN LETTER. Secretary of Rest Day League. President. 1891. The Committee on furnishing matter to the press will find the papers willing to publish far more on reform than they usually do, if it is furnished to them regularly, in brief and readable form. The Endeavor Societies and the Epworth Leagues to-gether form the Committee on Circulation of Liter-ature, and are expected to divide up the city and put Sabbath reform documents in English, or Ger-man, into every home. The Committee on volun-tary closing is composed of Woman's Christian Temperance Union workers, who will present to those merchants who keep open on the Sabbath, an agreement like the following : "The undersigned persons engaged in mercan- tile pursuits in the city (or town) of  hereby express their conviction that there would be great gain in health and happiness and in good morals, and no loss even in profits if Sunday traffic were entirely suspended (except sales of milk and medicines for not more than two hours of the day), and any of the undersigned who have previously opened their places of business for any part of the day, agree to conform to the above plan of a uni-versal closing (with exceptions stated), if such a closing can be secured." It is hoped, also, to persuade those whose open-ing is partly a work of mercy or necessity, such as druggists, hotels, and eating houses, to cut down their hours by a joint agreement to that effect, for example: " The undersigned druggists agree that they will not sell on the Sabbath anything except prescribed medicines and surgical appliances, and that they will not open except from 9 to 10 A. M., and 5 to 6 P. x., (or will not open except as called from their homes by emergencies of sickness, or will not open except in turn, one drug store each Sabbath.)" " The undersigned hotels and eating houses, in consideration of waiters' rights of conscience and right to rest, will on the Sabbath, limit the meals to 8-9.30, 12.30-1.30, and 6-7." The Young Mens' Christian Association furnishes the Committee on Public Meetings ; the Evangelical Alliance, the Committee on Reducing Sunday Work in the Post Office. The Committee on Legislation is to secure a screen ordinance to uncover the interior of saloons at hours they are required to close, as many cities have already done. This committee is also to co-operate with other leagues in the State, to secure To the Mayor, Chief of Police, Sheriff, County Attorney, and other Public Officers of the City and County: The Rest Day League yesterday ascertained, Ł through its Investigation Committee, that our hu-mane Sabbath law, designed to protect employes against needless work, and merchants against un-fair competition on the general rest day, is being violated as indicated in the following table: Bakers open...., closed.... ; barbers open:..., closed.... ; butchers open... ., closed.... ; clothiers open . ., closed.... ; grocers open...., closed.... ; etc. Although the front doors of saloons were closed, the sounds that came from within, and the persons seen entering from without, make it evident that the law is being violated. These violations of law are so open that the officers appointed for enforce-ment of law can procure all necessary evidence, and we shall not furnish such evidence until we have given such officers opportunity to redeem themselves from the implication of willful neglect of duty. We have no doubt that some officers and some of the violators of the Sunday law do not know what the law is, and we therefore urge the authorities of the city or county to proclaim it through the press and by bulletins. We also urge that the city council pass such a screen ordinance as is now in force in many other cities, to reduce the difficulty of ldw enforcement in the case of saloons. [Signed] 