284 AMERICAN SENTINEL. no one else to do it. If a Government inspector arrives, he is dependent on the company for food, shelter, and transportaton; and if he wanted to destroy an illegal dam, he would have to borrow the company's boat for the purpose. 'Whisky,' says president Jordan, is 'the greatest curse of the people of AlaskaŠAmerican, Rus-sian, and native.' In 1878, it is said, a schooner loaded with "Florida water" came to the island of St. Lawrence, in Bering Sea, and the people exchanged all their valua-bles for drink. The result was that in the winter follow-ing the great majority died of drunkenness and starva-tion, and in certain villages not a person was left.' Yet only one conviction for illegal sale of liquors has ever been obtained in Alaska, so far as president Jordan knows, 'and it was understood that this was a test case for the purpose of determining the constitutionality of the law.' All these evils, in president Jordan's view, are primarily due to neglect. He says:Š "`We try to throw the burden of self-government on people so situated that self-government is impossible. We impose on them statutes unfitted to their conditions, and then leave to them the enforcement. Above all, what is everybody's business is nobody's, and what hapŁ pens in Alaska is generally nobody's business. No con-centration of power, no adequate legislation, no suffi-cient appropriationŠon these forms of neglect our failure chiefly rests.'" There is no theory, no sentiment, about all this; it is a statement of plain facts. And while rhetorical expan- sionists are telling us what will be under American gov-ernment in the Philippines, these facts stand as an unim-peachable witness of what is under American govern-ment in Alaska. And in the light of such facts, what intelligent per-son can be expected to have confidence in the glowing promises of good government by which the imperialist policy is sought to be justified? What is the difference between American duty toward the people of Alaska and American duty toward the Filipinos? If the duty to give a "wise, just, stable, effective, and economical ad-ministration of public affairs" has been so utterly neg-. lected by the United States in a territory almost border-ing the Union, how will the Government perform that duty in a territory many times more remote?- "Manifest Destiny." WE are told that "destiny" is pushing us onŠdes-tiny, the power of which we cannot withstand. Manifest destiny! That cry has played a sinister part in the his-tory of the republic before this. I remember the time when the slave power talked of "extending the area of freedom" over Cuba, meaning, however, to fortify itself in Congress by the acquisition of more slave States, and thus to strengthen the slave powerŠstrengthen the slave power by the pretense of extending the area of free-dom, because an irresistible "destiny" demanded it.  This was manifest destiny then. When San Domingo was to be purchased from the hands of its treacherous presi- dent, ready to sell his country for cash, manifest destiny was invoked again as the irresistible power compelling the completion of the bargain. But in both cases the sound sense and the moral instincts of the people inter-posed and manifest destiny slunk away. And now once more it is the omnipotence of manifest destiny that appears on the scene, to force us to commit a flagrant breach of our national faith, and to do that which Presi-dent McKinley himself branded as an act of criminal ag-gression. Is it more irresistible, more omnipotent, now than it was then? Will it not hide its deceitful head again when the honesty and good sense of the people rise up once more to interpose a veto? Destiny? Why, nothing is destiny that can be prevented or changed by the human will. That deceptive "manifest-destiny" cry has more than once been used in our country to cover foul schemes and to dull the national conscience with the plea that it must be accepted as irresistible, and thus that the people yielding to it would be relieved of all responsibility. It is like the plea of moral in-sanity used by lawyers to excuse theft or murder.ŠCarl Schurz. Christians Escaping Persecution. "Sabbath. Recorder." AMONG the minor treasures of history which Egypt is yielding to the spade, is a certificate by which one charged with being a Christian escaped punishment. It is well known that Christians who were persecuted in the third century could escape death by flight, by offering sacrifices to the gods, or by securing a certificate of con-formity to the state religion. Such a certificate has been recently brought to light in the Papyrus collection found at Fajjum in Egypt. It runs as follows: "The sacrifice commission of the village of Alexandra Nesos from Aure-lius Diogenes. Latabus of the village of Alexandra Nesos, seventy two years old, has a scar on the right eye-brow. I have constantly offered sacrifice to the gods and also now in your presence I have offered sacrifices and liba-tions and tasted of the flesh of the sacrifice, all according to the requirements, and beseech you to certify me ac-cordingly. Farewell. I, Aurelius Diogenes have handed in this writing." Then follows in another handwriting the certificate of the proper official. The whole is dated June 26, 250, A. D. This illustrates the true nature of a state church, after the Pagan model, and of the grounds on which Christians were condemned. The state prescribed reli-gious forms and faith. If one refused to follow the faith thus made legal, he was punished just as he was if he broke any other legal enactment. Those who still clamor for the remnants of the Pagan State Church, as they appear in our Sunday laws, would need some system of certificates now if the laws were not dead. 