MR111111q)00111)1141111110*,01 Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, MAY 7, 1891_ NUMBER 19. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - , - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. TAXES come from all the people; taxes should be used" for all the people and can be properly used no other way. The use of taxes, therefore, to impart religious in-struction, that is, their use to turn the sentiments of one part of the people against the sentiments of another part, is unlawful and unjust.ŠIndependent Pa-triot. IN his opening address at the State University, at Cheyenne, Wyoming, D. A. A. Johnson, the Methodist minister lately placed at the head of that institu-tion, said he recognized the fact that State and Church were widely separated and was glad it was so. He understood the genius of public institutions and believed they should be administered in the inter-ests .of the entire people without regard to creeds or dogmas. He believed in the Christian religion, and that all its churches were necessary to meet the needs of the people; yet during his administration no sectarian teaching should be allowed in the University. Dr. Johnson's platform is heartily approved by the people of the State.ŠDenver Weekly Times. THE important lesson of this hour is, that as the common school instruction, in the ideal American State, must be entirely secular, the Church must supplement and reinforce the public school instruction by more vigorous religious teaching at home, and through the varied agencies of the Church. The spiritual energies of the Church must be summoned here?  as else- where, to supply the deficiencies of the State or rather do what the State can not do in the very nature of the case. In the inevitable separation of the Church and State (a separation so complete, that re-ligion is ruled out of our popular educa-tion) the Sunday-school rises into an im-portance of which the founders of that institution had no conception. It becomes the great agent for leavening the minds of the youth of the land, with those relig-ious truths, which are essential to moral conduct as well as to spiritual vigor, the hope and bulwark of modern society. Heavy as is the burden thus laid on the broad shoulders of the Church she is able to bear it, and to gloriously accomplish the work that of right belongs to her.ŠRev. T. D. Peake. The New American Revolution. LAST week we showed that which is open and clear to every reader of the Declaration of Independence, namely, that the Amer-ican principle of government is that the Government is simply a piece of machinery which the people set up in order more fully to make themselves secure in the enjoyment of their rights. This principle of the Declaration is carried out in the Constitutions of all the States of the Amer-ican Union, and of the national Constitu-tion of this Union. These Constitutions, State and national, are simply the expres-sion of the people as to the form of gov-ernment which they will have, defining-the powers and limitations upon the Gov-ernment which they have thus established. This doctrine of the complete subordina-tion and impersonality of the Government, is one of the two grand elements that formed the American Revolution. As long as this principle shall be main-tained in its integrity, so long the benefi-cent fruits of the Revolution may remain to bless the American people, and through them other nations; but if this principle shall be lost sight of and it shall come to that place where the Government shall be personified and exalted above the people, then the design of the Revolution will be frustrated or indeed undone. There will, in fact, be a revolution backwards and the re-establishment of the principle of Euro- pean Governments and of the despotism which it was the design of the revolution- ary fathers for themselves and their pos- terity forever to escape. It may be news to the American people when we state that this revolution backwards has already been accomplished for the Government of the United States. It may be news to the American people to be informed that the American principle and system of gov-ernment has been supplanted by the British and the Roman. Such, however, is the fact. All this has already been done. This reversal of the American Revolution has been already accomplished. Now to the proofs, and we sincerely ask the reader's careful attention: May 19, 1890, the Supreme Court of the United States rendered its decision in the case of the confiscation of the Mormon Church property appealed from the Su-preme Court of the Territory of Utah. The case arose in consequence of the en-forcement of what is known as the " Edmunds Law or Act of Congress, Feb-ruary 19, 1887," forfeiting and escheating " to the United States the property of corporations obtained or held in violation of section three, of the Act of Congress, approved the first day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-two." By the Act of 1862 " any corporation for religious or charitable purposes was forbidden to ac-quire or hold real estate in any Territory, during the existence of the territorial gov-ernment, of greater value than $50,000." By the year 1887, the Mormon Church corporation had become possessed of real-estate to the amount of about two millions of dollars, and personal property to the value of about one million. All of this property, above $50,000 worth of real estate, was declared forfeited to the United States. The Mormon Church claimed that this property was held in trust by the corpo-ration for the individual members of the 