,‚Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, or Whatever state or Persuasion, Religious or Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, MARCH 9, 1893. NUMBER 10. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. WCAILLLIANMP.LBOMLOL:AENE:  ASSOCIATE EDITORS, THE right of petition, appeal and re-monstrance against wrong, was made a part of the fundamental law of this coun-try. The exercise of this right may be, in the first instance, a privilege, but oc-casions will arise where dissent and re-monstrance become a duty,Ša test of the citizen's highest patriotism and noblest allegiance to his country, and to his God. Such a time has now come. THE Fifty-second Congress has ad-journed, leaving upon its records a piece ,of finished legislation, now past the possi-bility of repeal, directly antagonizing a provision of the First Amendment to the Constitution. Upon every citizen rests to-day the duty of dissent and remonstrance. Silence has been, and will be, accepted as consent. Dissent can now only be-shown by remonstrance. He who does not dis-sent makes himself a party to the wrong and accepts the responsibility for its results. Did this matter cover a civil injustice only, it would no less demand the disap-proval of every citizen, but it invades the realm of religion and of conscience; in it the Government assumes to itself divine right and dispenses the authority of divin-ity. To civil wrong is added the assump-tion of divine right. He who stands for the rights of man will dissent. He who fears his God must dissent. RIGHTS which are held by no " sub-infeudation, but by direct homage and al-legiance to the Owner and Lord of are not to be valued lightly ; and when by their infringement " the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it," is abridged or denied,Šthen divine power and human authority are brought into immediate conflict, and every conscience must answer to the in-junction, " choose you this day whom ye will serve." Whether this authority be,  assumed by an individual, under the papal tiara, as vicegerent of God; or by an ecclesiastical aristocracy calling itself orthodox; or by a religious majority which claims that the voice of the people is the voice of God, the principle is the same. Submission to the usurper is disobedience to God. The usurpation, in either case, is by one who would be a god in the place of God, and obedience to such an one would be disobedience to the command, " Thou shalt have no other gods before me." They who are Christians, free in the freedom with which Christ Jesus has made them free, will dissent, and will choose this day to serve God rather than man; and, as men, citizens, and Chris-tians, will protest and appeal from the usurper to the Supreme Judge, the Lord of all the earth who will do right. A nobler resolve than this is not known to the human heart. A clearer duty does not exist in human experience. A Solemn and Powerful Protest. ON Thursday, February 23, at a session of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists, assembled at Battle Creek, Mich., the resolutions reprinted below were unanimously adopted :Š WHEREAS, The Supreme Court of these United States, contrary to the principles upon which our Government was established, and contrary to the Constitution of the same, has declared this to be a Christian Nation ; and WHEREAS, The Congress of the United States fol-lowing in the same course that the Supreme Court has taken, has violated the Constitution, and in-vaded the dearest rights of the people, by legislat-ing upon the subject of religion, deciding a reli-gious controversy, and establishing a religious in-stitution, in the matter of closing the World's Fair on Sunday ; therefore be it Resolved, That we do hereby submit to the Gov-ernment and people of the United States this our appeal and remonstrance:Š As Christians, we appeal on the ground of the divine right which Jesus Christ has recognized and declaredŠthe right of every man to dissent even from the words and the religion of Christ, in the words: " If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12:47. As Protestants, we appeal on the ground of the historical right to protest against every interfer-ence of civil government in the affairs of religion; the grand charter of Protestantism, the Augsburg Confession declaring:Š " The civil administration is occupied about other 1114tters thaz4 is the gospel. The magistracy does  not defend the souls, but the bodies, and bodily things, against manifest injuries, and coerces men by the sword and corporal punishment, that it may uphold civil justice and peace. Wherefore, the ecclesiastical power has its own command, to preach the gospel and administer the sacraments. Let it not by force enter into the office of another; let it not transfer worldly kingdoms; . . . let it not prescribe laws to the magistrate touching the form of the State; as Christ says, 'My king-dom is not of this world.'"ŠArtiele XXVIII. As American citizens, we appeal on the ground of the specifically declared constitutional right to the free exercise of religion according to the dic-tates of the individual conscience, totally free and exempt from all governmental connection, inter-ference, or control. As men, we appeal on the ground of the natural right of mankind to render to the Creator such homage and such only as each believes to be ac-ceptable to him: which right men possess by virtue of being men, and not by virtue of government; which was theirs before government was, and which would be theirs though there were no earthly government at all ; which is their own, in the essential meaning of the term; which is precedent to all the claims of civil society, and which would be the same to each man though there were not another person on the earth; which they do not hold by any sub-infeudation, but by direct homage and allegiance to the Owner and Lord of all. And whether as Christians, as Protestants, as American citizens, or as men, what we mean by re-ligion, always and everywhere, is, " the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharg-ing it." Finally, in this our appeal from this action of the Government of the United States, and our re-monstrance against the principle, and all the con-sequences of the action, we adopt (and adapt) the words of Madison, Jefferson, the Presbyterians, the Baptists, the Quakers. and the other good people of Virginia, in their memorable defense from 1776 till 1785 against the establishment of the " Chris- tian religion " there and the making of that " a Christian State." We would humbly represent that the only proper objects of civil government are the happiness and protection of men in the present state of existence, the security of life, liberty, and property of the citizens ; and to restrain the vicious and encourage the virtuous by wholesome laws, equally extending to every individual. But religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, and is nowhere cognizable but at the tribunal of the universal Judge. 1. To illustrate and confirm these assertions, we beg leave to observe that, to judge for ourselves, and to engage in the exercise of religion agreeable to the dictates of our own consciences is an inalien-able right, which, upon the principles on which the gospel was first propagated, and the Reforma-tion carried on, can never be transferred to an-other. We maintain, therefore, that in matters of religion no man's right is abridged by the institus tion of civil society, and that religion is wholly ex-empt from its cognizance. 2. If religion be exempt from the authority of 