420 AMERICAN SENTINEL, Not Pessimistic. CHRISTIANITY is not pessimistic; it is the most optim-istic of anything on earth. While it says that " in the last days perilous times shall come", and that evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived, and that there shall be oppression and persecution of all who "will live godly in Christ Jesus," it also points with equal and even greater emphasis to the approaching end of all the evils which fill the earth with mourning, and the establishment of the glorious and eternal kingdom of righteousness and peace. And to every individual, whatever may be his circumstances and into whatever evils he may have fallen, it brings peace and happiness now, and an assurance of eternal joy in the kingdom of God. "The mourning cometh," is its welcome word to the waiting believer; therefore "look up, and lift up your heads, for your redemption draweth nigh". The Christian religion is the sovereign remedy for " hard times", or for any trouble by which an individual may be afflicted, whether within or without. The SEN-TINEL would have every one whom it can reach accept and put in practice the principles of Christianity. These represent the highest optimism of which the mind can conceive. ALL movement is not progress. Many a wheel goes round that does not go on. Revolutions are not necessarily evolutions. Professional agitators, secular as well as religious, would do well to take note of this fac't.ŠN. Y. Observer. A Sign of the Times. THE second Sunday after the recent notorious lynch-ing of a negro criminal at Urbana, Ohio, the pastor of the First Presbyterian Church, of that place, preached a sermon in justification of "the punishment of crime by the people," in which he said:Š "Down in the hearts of the people there are times when the justice which is found in the divine law against crime asserts itself, with a power beyond moderation and control,Štimes when the sense of justice says the criminal ought to die." Every outbreak of mob violence, then, against a real or supposed criminal, may be regarded as a case of the "justice which is in the divine law" asserting itself, and, of course, "the justice which is in the divine law" is sa-cred, and its assertion of itself is to be regarded as the movings of a divine force, and a thing not to be forbid-den or repressed. This is a plain justification of such outbreaks of mob violence as that by which this sermon was called out. And when such words are spoken by the professed ambas-sadors of Christ, the fact may well be regarded as a sign of the times. When those to whom the people look for  an exposition of the divine truth that all men ought to receive, justify the work of flit lawless passions of human nature, the people are under the leadership of blind guides, who can only lead them into the ditch. "The justice which is in the divine law" never asserts itself through the agency of a mob. Papal Lutheranism. Prom "Present Truth," Loudon, Eng. THE Norwegian constitution has had an article to this effect:Š "The Evangelical-Lutheran religion is and continues the public religion of the State. The citizens, who profess the same, are obliged, to see that their children are edu-cated in it. Jesuits, and orders of monks and nuns are not to be tolerated." The other day the Norwegian Storthing discussed an amendment proposing to expunge the last clause. The debate resulted in striking out all of the clause save the declaration that Jesuits are not to be tolerated. As these pioneers of Rome are accustomed to working in secret the clause will not shut them out. The pity of it is that the Storthing did not see that the first clauses only establish a papal system under another name. Wherever the Lutheran church is established, as in Scandinavia and Germany, it differs very little in its spirit from the Roman church. The Word which Luther preached was the power of the Reformation. In harmony with the gospel, Luther declared:Š "It is by the Word that we must fight; by the Word overturn and destroy what has been established by vio-lence. I am unwilling to employ force against the super-stitious and unbelieving. Let him who believes ap-proach. Let him who believes not stand aloof. None ought to be constrained. Liberty is of the essence of faith." After the initial victory of the Reformation had been won by the power of the Word, Luther was persuaded to depart somewhat from these principles, and the work of re-form ceased in the hands of his followers. Religion was put into a creed, and supported by the sword of the prince. So it comes that Lutheranism now is not reformed, and is an opponent of the very gospel by which the great Reformer shook the foundations of the papacy. A Forced Conscience. "THE rules at West Point," says the Independent (N. Y.), of July 1, "do require cadets to attend divine service on Sunday at the cadet chapel, unless they prefer, on the ground.  of their religious faith br conscientious objections' to `attend some other place of worship.' No conscience is forced." In other words, no conscience is forced when cadets are required "to attend divine service on Sunday," either at the Government chapel or at some other. Can this be 