THE AMERICAN SENTINEL- 51 ward Senator Blair's National Sunday bill. And this only shows that they are willing to resort to unconstitutional means to secure their coveted power, and to accomplish their purposes. But, when they will knowingly resort to unconstitu-tional means to accomplish their purposes, what will they not do when they have attained their ob-ject. As for Dr. Crafts and his fellow-workers, the W. C. T. U., etc., whether or not they know it to be unconstitutional, we do not know. Whether they would care, even though they did know, we very much doubt; because, when they can make, at a single stroke, seven millions two hundred thousand and one people out of one Roman Cath-olic cardinal, and can make all the Roman Cath-olics in the United States "twenty-one years of age or more," it would not be a matter of great surprise to find that they would knowingly at-tempt to secure an unconstitutional enactment. A. T. J. A Ł I. Sunday Legislation in California. THE following bill was introduced into the California Senate January 16, and into the As-sembly February 8, and has been referred in both instances to the Committee on Public Morals :Š AN ACT. TO ADD THREE NEW SECTIONS TO THE PENAL CODE, TO BE KNOWN AS SECTIONS 299, 300, AND 301, RESPECTIVELY, RELATIVE TO SUNDAY AMUSE-MENTS WHERE LIQUORS ARE SOLD, AND KEEPING OPEN PLACES OF BUSINESS ON SUNDAY. The People of the State of California, repre-sented in Senate and Assembly, do enact as fol-lows: SECTION 1. A new section is hereby added to the Penal Code, to be known and numbered as section two hundred and ninety-nine, as follows : 299. Every person who on Sunday gets up, ex-hibits, opens, or maintains, or aids in getting up, exhibiting, opening, or maintaining any bull, bear, cock, or prize fight, horse-race, circus, gambling-house, or saloon, or any barbarous and noisy amuse-ment, or who keeps, conducts, or exhibits any theater, melodeon, dance-cellar, or other place of musical, theatrical, or operatic performance, spec-tacle, or representation, where any wines, liquors, or intoxicating drinks are bought, sold, used, drank, or given away, or who purchases any ticket of ad-mission, or directly or indirectly pays any admis-sion fee to or for the purpose of witnessing or at-tending any such place, amusement, spectacle, performance or representation, is guilty of a mis-demeanor. SEC. 2. A new section is hereby added to the Penal Code, to be known and numbered as section three hundred, as follows: 300. Every person who keeps open on Sunday any store, workshop, bar, saloon, banking-house, or other place of business, for the purpose of transact-ing business therein, is punishable by fine not less than twenty nor more than one hundred dollars. SEC. 3. A new section is hereby added to the Penal Code, to be known and numbered as section three hundred and one, as follows: 301. The provisions of section three hundred do not apply to persons who on Sunday keep open ho-tels, boarding-houses, barber shops, baths, markets, restaurants, taverns, livery stables, or retail drug stores, for the legitimate business of each, or such manufacturing establishments as are usually kept in continued operation. It does not need many words, after all that has appeared in the SENTINEL, to show up the char-acter of such a bill as this. In prohibiting bull, bear, cock, and prize fights, gambling, and bar-barous amusements, on Sunday, it virtually says to those who indulge in such things, "You are all right, so long as you don't do it on Sunday." It is strange that people cannot see this. Let us illus- trate. A mother sees her little boy playing with his ball on Sunday, and says, "Johnnie, you ought not to play ball to-day, it is Sunday." Johnnie puts his ball away, and the next day goes to playing with it, as though nothing had been said about it. He could not imagine, from what his mother said, that she thought it wrong to play ball, but only that she thought it wrong to play ball on Sunday. No one will question this. Now suppose Johnnie, after a few years, should take to playing cards. If his mother, seeing him playing cards with a boon companion on Sunday, should say, "John, don't you know you ought not to play cards on Sunday," would John think that his mother had any objection to his playing cards provided he didn't do it on Sunday? He could not. If she should lay upon him an express pro-hibition never to play cards, he would know that she looked with displeasure on that amuse-ment; but if she specified a certain time when he should not play cards, then he would know that in her mind the time when the thing was done de-termined its character. So it is with this Sunday law. It virtually says that all these fights and barbarous amuse-ments are all right on any day except Sunday. The Sunday-law zealots play call what they please for our opposition to Sunday laws ; we have got used to being classed by them with the rabble, for it is the only argument they have to use against us ; but nothing shall make us give our assent to any law that classes saloon keeping, cock and prize fighting, and such things as that, on _ a level with banking and manufacturing. We don't know what stronger indictment than this need be brought against the bill. The Society of Friends and National Reform. HAVING noticed that some of the Friends of Indiana and Iowa have indorsed the petitions for the passage of the Blair bills, our friend G. S. Honeywell has taken the pains to ascertain the exact facts as to the relation of this people to the National Reform movement, and submits the re-sults of his investigation to us as follows, which we are sure will be read with great interest :Š This people may be considered as three distinct bodies, as follows : The Wilberites, Guernites and Hicksites. The first-named body represents the orthodOx Friends, numbering about 15,000, and located east of the Alleghany Mountains. This society stands almost unanimously opposed to the Blair movement. Then there are the Guernites, numbering about 50,000, representing the so-called orthodox Friends west. This body I am sorry to say are largely, the majority perhaps, in favor of the union of Church and State, on the basis of the National Reform Association. The third branch, or Hicksite Society, located both east and west, numbering about 40,000, are sol-idly opposed to religious legislation, as shown by the following correspondence between their leader in this city (Richmond, Ind.), and our represent-ative from this district in Congress, the Hon. Thomas M. Brown :Š "RICHMOND, Ind., Dec. 22, 1888. "FRIEND THOMAS M. BROWN, Washington, D. C.: I inclose to-day a copy of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL, containing the proposed Sunday law and amendment to the United States Constitution. Doubtless thou art well acquainted with the pro-visions of both. Let this, then, serve only as a re-minder that the Society of Friends view with alarm any step in the direction of Church and State union "Believing as we do that this is only a forerunner of persecution for opinion's sake, that it means, when stripped of its sophistry, religious opinions prescribed by Statute; believing further that all in-terference by the power, in matters of religious thought or the expression of it, is the beginning of despotism, we enter our solemn protest against the passage of the bill and resolution. While I am not authorized to speak for the Society of Friends at large, I know their opinions are in harmony with those I have expressed. At a meeting of the Philanthropic Committee of our Society, W. C. Starr and myself were requested to write to our Senators and Representatives in Congress and learn from them the probabilities of the passage of the bill and resolution, that the society in its offi-cial capacity may take proper action relative thereto. "With true regard I remain, thy friend, "W. W. FOULKE." The following is the reply:Š " HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, U. S., WASHINGTON, D. C., Dec. 27, 1888. "W. W. FOULKE, Richmond, Ind.ŠMy Dear Friend: I have your favor calling my attention to the proposed Sunday law and amendment to the Constitution of the United States; I have had my attention called to this subject frequently of late, and have made myself acquainted with the de-tails of the proposed legislation. I have also tried to ascertain the view taken of the matter by the representatives of the people in Congress. I think it safe to say that there is not the slightest danger of the passage of either of these measures. They have never been reported by the committee to which they are committed, and probably never will be. If they were submitted to a vote, I am sure they would be defeated by a decisive majority. But I do not apprehend that they will even reach a vote. I need not say to you that I am opposed to them for the reasons you have so well stated in your letter. Religious opinion cannot be fashioned by statute. Legislation looking in that direction can only result in making slaves and hypocrites. "Yours truly, THOMAS M. BROWN." The following interesting article published in the Friends' Intelligencer and Journal, of Phila-delphia, under date of December 22, 1888, is a true picture showing how the better class of Friends regard the recent efforts of certain re-ligious elements to recover by civil enactments what they have lost by apostasy and union with the world. "ETERNAL VIGILANCE IS THE PRICE OF LIBERTY." "Realizing the full force of this statement, and feeling that there is great need for the guardians of that priceless boon to mankind, lib arty of con-science,' to be on the alert, we desire in as few words as possible to call the attention of Friends to a threatened danger. "A bill to regulate the strict observance of the first day of the week as the Sabbath-day, has been introduced into the United States Senate, by Sen-ator Blair, and an effort is also being made to make it compulsory to teach 'the principles of the Chris-tian religion' in the public schools. "This is to be accomplished by an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, the object being to make our Nation a Christian Nation,' by a union of the Church with the State. "A petition signed by a million and a half of names, urging the passage of the bill, has also been presented, and we are informed that the friends of this legislation are exceedingly active in its behalf. It is warmly advocated by men and women of high position and great influence, who, undoubt-edly, have the welfare of the human race at heart, but, as is so often the case, their zeal has out-run their judgment, and one might almost say, their Christianity; for where the spirit of intolera-tion is, there the Spirit of Christ cannot dwell, neither is it with those who arrogate to themselves infallibility. " There are several religious sects who honestly believe, and,  who would uphold their belief with 