* 1, ti lid II i iID  CO N ST I TUTION ERICAN SENTIN "IF ANY MAN IIE,AR MY TVORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. Vol- 12, No. 2. Fifty numbers per year. NEW YORK, JANUARY 14, 1897. Weekly, $1 Per Year. Single Copy, 3 cents. The .American Sentinel is published in the interests of religion liberty-7-Christian and Constitutional. ALONZO 'r. JONES, ilgrAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will he asked to pay for it. THE word from Washington, D. C., is that there are thousands of petitions being sent to Congress from all over the country, though far the most of them are from Pennsylvania, calling for the passage of the bill provid-ing a Sunday law for the District of Columbia. We should like to know what business, yea, what right, the people of the States have to meddle in the mat-ter of laws for the District of Columbia. The people of the District of Columbia are the ones whose business and whose right this is. Why do not those Pennsylvania people send over pe-titions to the legislatures of California and Idaho, calling upon, them to enact Sunday laws for their, respective States ?ŠSimply because they have no right to. To do so would be to meddle in matters that do not at all con-cern them. That is a matter for the people of California and Idaho themselves to attend to. It is precisely so with the District of Columbia. The people of Pennsylvania and other States have no more right to send such petitions to CongressŠthe legislature of the District of ColumbiaŠthan they would have to send them to the legislature of California. If they were to send such petitions to the legislature of California, they would, in short order, be given to understand that they had better attend to their own business and let the busi-ness of other people alone. And that is what the leg-islature of the District of Columbia ought to give them to understand. They need to be told this; for it is the life principle of the GoVernment of the States and of the United States. It is the principle of self-governmentŠgovernment of the people,. by the people, and for the people. Each one is to govern himself and let other people alone. It is the prin- ciple of the Declaration of IndependenceŠmen are cre-ated equal and endowed by their Creator with the un-alienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness. Thus, by the Declaration, all men are equal in the right to the pursuit of happiness. But these people en-gage in the pursuit of happiness for themselves and for everybody else besides. THERE is presented before the people of this nation a most singular, a most mysterious, thing. We beg to be allowed to state the case, and then leave it with the reader for him to explain if he can. Almost all the professed Christian elements in the whole country are combined in a determined effort to have Sunday recognized and made a fixture in national law,as the Sabbath. They propose that all within the jurisdiction :of the . national power, shall be compelled by such law to recog-nize and observe the Sunday as the Sabbath. Then, from this Lnational example, they intend to carry the like thing into all the States and Territories of the Union, and thus-1;y law require the recognition and observance. of Sunday as the Sabbath throughout the whole nation. The leaders in this movement, and the vast majority of the others engaged in it, cite the fourth commandment of the Decalogue as the source of their authority for re-quiring thus the observance of Sunday as the Sabbath. That fourth commandment says, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates : for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day : wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." This commandment has been officially calledgor and read from the Bible precisely in the words here printed, in the presence of the United States Senate, as the au- EDITOR. 