646 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. *Sr Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) SundayŁLaw Prosecutions Again. AN outbreak of Sunday-law intolerance is reported from Ford's Store, Md. One of those upon whom this intolerance has fallen gives us the following facts:Š "About the middle of September Mr. John Curlett and myself were arrested for working on Sunday, cutting the tops off of corn. We had our trial before a magis-trate. He fined us, but we took an appeal to the higher court, which will be heard on November 7. "Yesterday, October 9, Mr. John Plevenger was ar-rested.for Sunday work, but he appeared before a magis-trate and secured a postponement of his trial until Thursday, the 20th. He was working in the employ of a man not an observer of the seventh day, but the em-ployer was not arrested. He was cutting off corn tops in a secluded field, not near to any house, and those who procured his arrest had to spy upon him to get their in-formation. "Each of those arrested is a member of the Ford's Store Church of Seventh-day Adventists. "J. H. RHODES." The religious intolerance of such proceedings is too plain to need pointing out to any candid observer. The spirit of it is not the spirit of Christianity; and that such an inquisitorial spirit of spite finds its desired opportu-nity in the Sunday law, is a fact which speaks volumes in condemnation of the law. 11,- -4 A Argument vs. Experience. IN The Defender, a New England organ which advo-cates compulsory Sunday observance, appears this de- fense of the popular disregard of the seventh day:Š "The consecutive 'seventh day' has not come to us, because the Creator has established the length of our solar year to be 365 days and less than six hours. If this problem is put on a slate, it will be seen at once that the last day of the first year of 365 days will have to be the same day of the week as the first day of that year. Hence the first day of the second creation year will be  the second day of the week, i. e., Monday, and that would throw the seventh day forward to Sunday. "By this jump it will take seven years before a year will begin on the same day of the week as the first crea-tion year. Thus the consecutive 'seventh day' was lost the first creation year, and so for every year since, mak-. ing it lost 6,000 timesŠvery much lost." "Truth is stranger than fiction." We would not have believed it true, without having the fact thrust be Ł fore our eyes, that any person of average intelligence would seriously argue that there could not be a consecu-tive series of seventh day Sabbaths. As a matter of fact the seventh-day Sabbaths could not possibly occur in any other way than consecutively. Here is an individual who has all his life been observ-ing one seventh day Sabbath following another in consec-utive order, yet who seriously tries to argue himself and others into the belief that what he has been all this time observing cannot possibly exist in fact! There is only one thing that will explain it, and that is that it is done in support of Sunday and compulsory Sunday observ-ance. Because there cannot be a consecutive seventh day, all People should turn from the observance of the sev-enth day to that of the first day! There can be a consec-utive first day, as you will soon discover if you do not,  observe it consecutively, wherever there is a Sunday law in force! Presumably the author of this argumentŠMr. T. M. Merriman, by nameŠpresents it as the best to be had in support of a compulsory Sunday Sabbath. And really, it is as good as any other that we have seen. "Ecclesiastical Shop." THE following sensible words on the subject of the ecclesiastical assumptions made by clergymen and others in connection with the military operations of so-called Christian nations, are from Mr. J. S. Nisbet, of London, Eng., to a London journal:Š "Is the manner in which the name of God is associ-ated with Sir Herbert Kitchener's victory in the Soudan quite seemly? 1 mean on the part of our ecclesiastical authorities. I am not particularly squeamish, I trust, but I confess to being shocked by a phrase which occurs in a sermon preached on this subject by the Bishop of Carlisle. Said the bishop: 'While they praised the gene-ral, they must remember that God was behind in the shadowŠthey must not forget the controlling hand and the armor of the Lord.' This, if I may venture to say so, is the merest ecclesiastical 'shop.' "Everybody knowsŠno one better than the bishopŠthat had not Sir Herbert Kitchener adequately provided himself with men and guns, the victory would have been a defeat. Where was the 'controlling hand' when Gor-don, a good and pious man, animated with the best in-tentions, perished miserably at Khartoum? What be-came of the armor of the Lord on that occasion? The divine government of the universe is a fact before which 