AMERICAN SENTINEL. 215 affairs of mankind. It is the business of the Christian Church not more than of the Jewish Church to see to it that the State is dominated by ethical principles, by mo-rality, righteousness, justice and mercy; and it can do this best by following the example of Christ and Paul, not that of Constantine." The Essence of Religious Despotism. "Sabbath Recorder," March 29. THE essence of religious despotism lies in the claim that individual opinions and actions different from those of the despot, must be suppressed, or expressed privately and under such limitations as the despot may impose. The principle is the same, whether the despot be one in-dividual or the concentrated and dominant "public opinion" of the majority. Public opinion is often the most cruel of despotic powers. All Sunday laws contain the essence of this despot-ism, even though the theological theories concerning the Sabbath question logically forbid the existence or execu-tion of such laws; for example: it is loudly asserted that God's law asks only the "observance of one day in seven, as individuals may choose." Sunday law adds: "But  individual choice must be compelled by the will of the ma-jority to regard one specific day which custom and law unite to designate." To escape the charge of inconsistency and intoler-ance, it is added : "The law does not compel men to be religious on Sunday." Certainly not, because it cannot. But it does compel the cessation of labor and business, which is an act of deference to religion, and the only ex-pression of the religious idea which the law can reach. The despotism of public opinion goes as far as it can to-ward compelling a religious regard for Sunday. When the world was a little more ignorant and religious, ma-jorities were more intolerant, the law compelled attend-ance at church as well. Posing as Christian. BY A. SMITH. THE nations of the earth are usually represented in the Bible by wild beasts. This custom is not uncommon among the nations themselves. As examples, England is symbolized by a lion, Russia by a bear, etc., the United States being symbolized by an eagle. In the Bible different symbols are sometimes used to represent the same governments, thus, in Dan. 7:5 Medo Persia is symbolized by a bear, but in 8 :3 by a ram. The obvious reason is that no one symbol could express all the leading characteristics of the nations represented. This is true also of the United States. In the Bible this Government is emblemized by a two-horned beast, in profession lamblike, but in legislation, in some -respects, dragonic. It is doubtless well known to the reader that National Reformers, so called, have been seeking, especially since 1863, to so change the Constitution of this Government, or otherwise, as to compel the nation to pose as Chris-tian. They have in part accomplished their purpose except as to changing the Constitution, and the result has been to compel as it were, the two-horned beast to stand upright upon his hind feet and say, "I am aŁ Chris-tian," or to force the "Eagle" to scream, "I am a dove." No given Congress of the United States has yet given evidence of being unduly pious, and should such a desid-eratum be realized the very next Congress might wofully backslide. Evidently National Reformers have a hard task on their hands to keep the poor doggy standing. A Good Reply. THE recent action of the ministers of Cleveland, Ohio, in the direction of suppressing Sunday base ball in that city by law, drew from a lady resident the following reply, which the said ministers might ponder with profit:Š " EDITOR Press : The advocates of all Sunday laws pose as friends of law and order, and assert that all they want is obedience to the law The clergy have no more to do with the ethics of law than any other cit-izens. "They are employed to promulgate the religious dogmas of their respective organizations, and have no right to enforce their ideas of morality upon the base ball team or any one else. "The observance of Sunday is an act of worship, and what is not of faith is sin. Hence, to compel the base ball team to observe Sunday, according to the conscience of the self-appointed religious committee, would be com-pelling them to sin. It is self-evident. that if the ball players had any regard for Sunday they would observe the day without compulsion. " What would the attitude of the clergy be should the base ball teams send a committee to command them not to preach on Sunday. But they will say, We have a law forbidding base ball on Sunday, and the law must be en, forced. So they said when Jesus was on earth: ' We have a law and Jesus must die by that law.' Like all Sunday laws, it was made in the interest of a certain religion, Ministers were ordained to minister the gospel and not civil law. "Judge Brown, of New York, said of Sunday laws.:  ' We do not believe that this gross and ridiculous inter-ference with the private life of citizens can be justified. Where there is no disorder involved, no wrong done, no act performed that is of itself evil, such proceeding is not within the sphere of acts that can be justly regulated by law.' MRS. S. G. WOOD." WHEN our churches shall unite to make the [Sabbath] day "a delight, the holy of the Lord,Ł honorable," we shall have a Lord's day which will be significant. Other, wise, never.ŠA. L. Frisbie, D. D. 