98 CAN S=VTIIN-11T_A. Vol.. 9, No. 13. is not that of true Protestantism in any sense. THIS proves that to oppose the Sunday institution itself, to oppose the Sunday movement in all its parts, to oppose Sun-day laws in any and all their phases, to oppose and deny the right of congresses, or courts, or executives, to touch the ques-tion of Sunday observance, or any other religious question in any way, and to reject entirely the authority of any such action when it is assertedŠthis and this only is Protestantism. Even admitting that Sunday were the Sabbath, those who observe it can be Protestants only by op-posing all intrusion of the magistrates into.  the question; by opposing all attempts of the Church to require its recognition or observance by law, and by asserting their own individual right to observe it as they choose, without any dictation or interfe-rence from anybody. This alone is Prot-estantism. THIS is the living, present, absolute truth. There is no discount on it at all. " Protestantism sets the power of con-science above the magistrate," even though the magistrate calls himself a Christian and a Protestant, and proposes to enforce the " Christian Sabbath." " Protestant-ism sets the authority of the word of God above the visible Church," even though the Church calls itself Protestant. Protestantism "rejects the civil power in divine things, and says with the prophets and apostles : ' We must obey 'God rather than man,' " and that, too, as. God com-mands it, and not as man commands it, nor as man says that God commands it. Protestantism opposes and rejects every human intrusion, whether of the magis-trate or of the ecclesiastic, between the soul and Jesus Christ, and everlastingly maintains the divine right of the individ-ual to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience exercised at his own free choice. TRUE Protestantism insists that "the Bible and the Bible alone," "the written word of God," " thus saith the Lord," is the only rule of faith and the -religion of Protestants. But it is the very cer-tainty of truth that there is no Bible, no written word of God, no " thus saith the Lord," for the Sunday institution, or for Sunday observance, or for the intrusion of CesarŠthe civil powerŠinto the things of God or of the Church; and the pro-fessed Protestants of to-day know it, and have said so over and over. Indeed, Protestantism has always known that there is no Scripture, but only Church authority, tradition only, for the institu-tion of Sunday. It was exactly here that the Council of Trent drew the line between Protestantism and Catholicism, and this, too, at the expense of Protestantism, be-cause of its inconsistency. Yet, in spite of the history and the fact, in spite of their own knowledge of the history and the fact, in spite of the Scripture, and in spite of all this inconsistency, the proŠfessed Protestantism of to-day persistently stultifies itself by violating every principle of true Protestantism and acting upon papal principles only. HERE are some words of as much solemn weight as ever, as true to-day, and of the popular Protestantism of to-day, as they ever were at any other time :Š The Reformation was accomplished in the name of  a spiritual principle. It had proclaimed for its teacher the word of God; for salvation, faith; for king, Jesus Christ; for arms, the Holy Ghost; and had by these very means rejected all worldly elements. Rome had been established by " the law of a carnal command-ment;" the Reformation, by "the power of an endless life." . . The gospel of the Reformers had nothing to do with the world and with politics. While the Roman hier-archy had become a matter of diplomacy and a court intrigue, the Reformation was destined to exercise no other influence over princes and people than thikt which proceeds from the gospel of peace. If the Reformation, having.attained a certain point, became untrue to its nature, began to parley and tem-porize with the world, and ceased thus to follow up the spiritual principle that it had so loudly pro- claimed, it was faithless to God and to itself. Hence-forward its decline was at hand. It is impossible for a society to prosper, if it be un-faithful to the principles it lays down. Having aban-doned what constituted its life, it can find naught but death. It was God's will that this great truth should be in-scribed on the very threshold of the temple he was then raising'in the world, and a striking contrast was to make the truth stand gloriously prominent. One portion of the reform was to seek alliance of the world, and in this alliance find a destruction full of desolation. Another portion looking up to God, was haughtily to reject the arm of the flesh, and by this very act of faith secure a noble victory. If three centuries have gone astray, it is because they were unable to comprehend so holy and so solemn a lesson. ŠD'Aubigne, Id., Book XIV, chap. 1. As the case stands to-day it is demon-strated that not only three centuries but three and a half centuries have gone astray because of their unwillingness or their inability to comprehend so holy and so solemn a lesson. And what, now, is the patent result ?ŠNothing short of the sheer collapse of popular Protestantism as a moral force in the world. The crown-ing act that demonstrated this was that procedure in 1892, by which the professed Protestantism of the United States, and of the world even, positively required, under threats of the only force at its com-mand, the United States Government, to intrude itself into the realm of religion and conscience, to legalize the arbitrary authority of the Church, and thus to set the magistrate above -the conscience and above the word of God. And this crown-ing act which marked the collapse of popular Protestantism was accompanied by an open confession of this collapse in the procedure by which professed Protes-tantism called together all the other religions of the world for the purpose of instituting a comparison among them in order to discover and formulate " a new, complete and perfect religion for all man-kind." And so there met in the "World's Parliament of Religions " the three great divisionsŠHeathenism, Catholicism and popular Protestantism. Catholicism saw at once, and announced, " the collapse of dogmatic Protestantism." and proceeded to make the fullest use of the " opportu-nity " thus opened to Catholicism. By their experiences in the parliament the heathen discovered this collapse and af-terward announced it to their nations, as . the following report, made by the Japanese priests, who returned from the parliament, shows :Š When we received the invitation to attend the Par-liament of Religions our Buddhist organizations would not send us as representatives of the sect. The great majority believed that it was a shrewd move on the part of Christians to get us there and then hold us up to ridicule or try to convert us. We accord-ingly went as individuals. But it was a wonderful surprise which awaited us. Our ideas were all mis-taken. The parliament was called because the West-ern nations have come to realize the weakness and folly of Christianity and they really wished to hear from us of our religion, and to learn what the best religion is. There is no better place in the world to propagate the teachings of Buddhism than in America. During the meetings one very wealthy  man from New York became a convert of Buddhism, and was initiated into its rites. He is a man of great influence, and his conversion may be said to mean more than the conversion of ten thousand ordinary men, so we may say truthfully that we made ten thousand converts at that meeting. Christianity is merely an adornment of society in America. It is deeply believed in by very few. The great majority of Christians drink and commit various gross sins, and live very dissolute lives, although it is a very common belief and serves as a social additnment. Its lack of power proves its weakness. The meetings showed the great superiority of Buddhism over Chris-tianity, and the mere fact of calling the meetings showed that the Americans and other Western peoples had lost their faith in Christianity and were ready to accept the teachings of our superior religion. ŠNew York Independent, Dec. 14, 1893, p, 15. And the missionary in Japan, who sends this, says that the report was received with " great applause," and that these statements " will be thoroughly believed by the masses of the people." Well, why should not the statements be believed by the masses of the people ? The statements are true, and are fairly put, and a person does not need to be in Japan to discover it. As we have said, Catholicism saw this collapse at once. Heathenism discovered it by experience in the parliament. And anybody who has carefully read the speeches made in the parliament cannot fail to see that it is so. The speeches of the heathen and of the Catholics are su-perior in every respect to the speeches of the representative " Protestants," and in some respects, far superior. In the speeches of the heathen and the Catholics, and especially of the heathen, there was the keen searching analysis of scholarly attainment and the sober earnestness of conviction, that will always make an impression; while the speeches of pro-fessed Protestantism were chiefly charac-terized by the lightness of leaves in the wind, the instability of water, and the uncertainty of the waves of the sea. All this is easily seen by a comparison of the speeches made in the parliament. And that that is precisely the measure of the effect that the speeches and proceedings had upon those who attended the parliament or who have studied the speeches, is clear to every one who has moved to any extent among the people since. Thus, by seek-ing the arm of the national power to hold her up, and meeting upon a common basis of inquiry both heathenism and Cathol-icism, popular Protestantism has openly confessed her conscious inability to stand alone and her conscious lack of Christian truth, and so has confessed her utter col-lapse as a moral force or as a power for good in the world. A number of years ago a leading thinker in Europe declared in truth of Protestant-ism as it is in Europe, what is now equally true of Protestantism as it is in the United States : " Protestants, there are some, but Protestantism is dead." " The collapse of dogmatic Protestantism " is an accom-plished fact. But Protestants will never cease out of the land, and may they in- crease abundantly. A. T. J. That "Atmosphere of Piety." A WRITER in the Catholic Mirror of September 2, 1893, in giving a description of the World's Fair, and especially of the three Spanish caravels of Columbus, says : Oh that the wheel of time might turn back and dip the wide world and all of the earth in that atmosphere of piety in which the rude sailors of four centuries ago were born and bred. The pious atmosphere of those days was of such a nature that wicked men like Huss and Jerome were not allowed to 