278 A.IVILlIt.,11,00_A,.1NT 1t-411N-9P11 VOL. 10, No. 35. ourselves united. From the conclusion of this war we shall be going down hill. It will not then be necessary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be forgotten, therefore, and their rights dis-regarded. They will forget themselves, but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of uniting to effect a due respect for their rights. The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shalt revive or expire in a convulsion." In the light of current events, Jefferson's words seem almost prophetic. The spirit of the times have altered; our rulers have, many of them, become corrupt; and the question has been repeatedly asked of petitioners for justice, " How many are there of you? Have you political influence?" Our people have become careless, and in scores of cases a few bigots have commenced persecution and better men have been their victims. But neither the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution of the United States, nor the banner which rep-resents them is to blame; neither is deliver-ance to be found in any nor in all of these., The fault lies at the door of fallen human na-ture, and the remedy is the power of God; for such things will be until he comes, whose right all dominion is, for his alone is a right- eous rule. And the divine promise is: " At that time shall thy people be delivered ; every one that shall be found written in the book." e CHRISTIAN NATIONS. [Ram's Horn.] A RADICAL and unadulterated gospel knocks out a lot of unmeaning talk about Christian nations. There is not a Christian nation in the world to-day. A Christian nation would be a nation composed wholly or chiefly of Christian persons. Where is there such a nation ? We sometimes hear men talking about England and America sending rum and ruin to other countries as Christian nations. Fiddlesticks! Because a nation formally rec-ognizes the Bible, does that make it Christian ? Could a Christian nation fill the high seas with ships of war ? Could it keep men armed to the teeth ? Could it spend a thousand times more for drink, tobacco, and harmful luxuries than for sending the gospel to the heathen ? Of all the bitter delusions that ever filled men's minds, this is the worst. There is not such a thing as a Christian nation on the face of the earth. There are some nations that have a measure of civilization, and for this we thank God. But such a thing as a Christian nation does not exist. THIS " CHRISTIAN " NATION ILLUSTRATED. [New York Sun, August 19.] CONGRESSMAN M.W. HOWARD, of Alabama, was the speaker of the day at Prohibition Park yesterday. He was down to speak on the subject, " If Christ Came to Congress," which is the title of a book of which he is the author, but only a small portion of his address was in any way connected with the subject. Most of his time was taken up in relating humorous storiesŠand he is a very good story-tellerŠand in expounding the advantages of Populism. These are some of the few things he did say about the hypothetical coming of the Saviour:Š If Christ came to Congress, he would find it full of men who achieved their seats through bribery and use them for corruption. If he came to the Senate, he would find there among the senators a fugitive from justice, who stole thousands from Washington, and ran away to the West, where he made a fortune, by which he purchased his right to return to Washington  as a senator. If Christ came to Alabama, he would find the party which once called itself the white man's party buying or forcing 65 000 negro votes. I have here pictures of negroes who cannot count to thirty, and who were put in Alabama to count the election returns. The speaker showed the photographs, which he said were part of an interesting col-lection. He also read from a New York paper an account of alleged disgraceful - scenes at-tendant upon the closing session of the last Congress. PROSTITUTION OF LIBERTY, [From the Antigo Herald, Antigo, Wis., Aug. 21 To make the first, second, third or seventh day (as the Bible says) the day of rest, is the affair of every religious sect, and each sect has the right of choice. Should all Christian sects decide to keep the first day, while only one sect chooses the seventh, that does not give them any right whatever to prevent the people belonging to this one sect from observ-ing the Seventh day as the Sabbath. . . . Conditions of the Middle Ages are out of place in the nineteenth century. No matter how slowly the step of civilization advances, there can be no backward step or retrogres-sion. Shame to the State and its legislature which passes laws against the liberty guaran-teed by the Constitution of the Union. Such a straggler in the march of advancement is seen in the State of Tenneske. It is there where lately religious persecution has secured a foothold, which reminds us of thumbscrews, spanish boots, the rack, the stake, and all other inquisitorial infamies. Nine Adventists in Dayton, Tenn., were fined $40 for breaking the Sunday law, and as the fine was not paid, they will have to suffer in prison from seventy-five to ninety days. The " criminal " act of these people consisted in doing their daily work on Sun-day, after observing the day befdre as their Sabbath. Faith is not a thing that can be forced upon any by a majority. Nine hundred and ninety-nine of one belief cannot, and have not the right, to force one of a different faith to be-lieve as they do; and any attempt in this direction is barbarism. The most precious gift to man is personal liberty. Ł -0ŠŁ RAINING PURITANISM. [Evening Standard, Leavenworth, Kansas, August .V.] THE old Puritan sabbath is going fast. The old Blue Laws are passing away or sink-ing into deserved disrepute.ŠKansas City Star. The Star would remind you of the fellow in the tree who hailed the ark as it floated by and asked to be taking aboard. His request being refused he told Noah to sail on with his old scow, he didn't think there was going to be much of a shower anyhow. The fact is, it is raining' puritanism all over the country, with a pretty good prospect for a regular deluge. Wichita is all afloat. Atchison and Kansas City are under water, and in every part of the State the people are fleeing to the hills and tree tops. And Sunday-law puritanism is on a rampage all over the United States. It is more alive and aggressive than at any time for a hundred years. The Puritans are thoroughly organized and last winter succeeded in several States in passing new Puritan laws. Every State has its Puritan code, and with the aid of Com-stock, Blair, and others, the United States has, during the last fifteen years, added quite  a good-sized Puritan code to its repertory of law. Only three months ago Massachusetts en- acted that: " Whoever is present at a game of sport, a play, or any public diversion except a concert of sacred music on the Lord's day, shall be fined $5." For participating, the fine is $50. For being the manager of said sport, play, or diversion, $500. For keeping open a place of business, $50. This h oks a good deal as if " the old Puri- tan sabbath is going fast." A fine of $5 for merely 'looking at " a game of sport, a play, or any public diversion." At this rate of " going fast" it will soon be a crime to wink or brush a fly off your nose on Sunday. Sev-eral State supreme courts, as also the United States Circuit Court, have recently sustained the Puritan laws. The latter court, in the case of R. M. King, who since died, charged with the crime of keeping Saturday instead of Sunday, held that the United States Constitution did not guarantee religious liberty as against State laws. Of course this is not good law construction of the Constitution, but it is good enough for Adventists who haven't very many votes. . . . Public Opinion, a neutral New York jour-nal, says:Š It is in reality a national struggle that has been entered upon in this city. This is equally evident from whichever point of view we look at it, whether as advocates of the strictly religious, Puritan Sunday. or of the European, holiday Sunday. Unless all signs fail, the contest will prove one of the greatest and bitterest in the history of our country. The Star is simply whistling to keep up its courage. Ł -lb. Ł OLD SOLDIERS PROTEST, THE following preamble and resolution. unanimously adopted at a soldiers' union in Illinois, are sent to us for publication :Š WHEREAS, Comrade E. IL Gillett having honorably served in the legislature of Iowa, and having risked his life in his country's service for three years, and having served as staff oflicer and regimental quarter-master, is now at the age of sixty-nine years, turned out with a gang of criminals doing work upon the public highway in the State of Tennessee for obeying the fourth commandment, for the same law which says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work," also says, `Ł Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work." Ex. 20:8-11. Therefore be it Resolved, That we survivors of 99th and other re gi-ments of Illinois troops at or near Nebo, Pike Co., Ill., assembled in reunion on this 23rd day of August, 1895, do most emphatically object to such treatment of our comrade, and earnestly request that justice be done one who so dearly earned his liberty by exposing his life 'neath the stars and stripes in the hour of his country's peril. {THOMAS CREACH. J. A. PIKE. WILLIAM H. THORP. J. F. Scow. This action was taken under a misapprehen-sion of the facts in the case. " Uncle " Gil-lett, as he is familiarly known, is not in the chain-gang; for though indicted with others last March, he has not yet been tried. it is probably, however, only a question of about two months' time till he will be in the chain-gang, as a number of his brethren now are, for the "crime" of obeying the fourth com-mandment. -4-.  THE new Flag Law of Illinois requires ,the hoisting of the United States flag over' all buildings in which schools are taught. This law will require Lutheran churches that are used for school purposes, to fly the flag during school hours. In case of failure to do this. the teacher and pastor will be liable to fine and imprisonment. " The Lutherans;" it is Attest. 