AMERICAN SENTINEL. 543 Earnest Endeavor. BY T. R. WILLIAMSON. THERE'S nought too great or noble for an earnest boy to do. Just try as if you meant it and you'll push your project through. However hard your task may be in this one truth con-fide, Only try as if you meant it and you'll join the winning side. Out of your youth you'll grow full soon to manhood's riper years; Hold fast this trusty saying then, no odds what foe ap-pears. Make every effort count toward some pure and lofty aim, Nor think true honor ever comes from any deed of shame. A boy that tries with all his might to do good honest deeds Shall keep his life and conscience white and God will fill his needs. Eating to Help the Poor. "JEsus, lover of my soul, Let me to thy bosom fly," Came softly stealing through the quivering foliage as Nina approached the quaint old veranda whence came the music. "Why, Marion, what has come over you to be singing such a funeral hymn as that?" "0, I was just unconsciously giving vent to my feel-ings, I guess," said Marion. "Well," said Nina, ".you must be especially doleful in your sentiments this lovely afternoon. But, by the way, Marion, I presume you are to occupy your accustomed position as hub of the wheel at our coming church socia-ble for the benefit of the poor?" "No, I hardly think so this time," said Marion, thoughtfully. "Well, I declare, Marion," said Nina; "I believe there is something wrong with you. Why, the whole thing will be almost a failure if you pull off in this unceremoni-ous way. What is the troubleŠhas some one hurt your feelings?" "0. by no means, Nina. The festival itself is what hurts my feelings." "Why, don't you believe in helping the poor?" "Yes, I believe we do not live up to our privileges in this direction. We surely have a duty to do toward the poor, but I believe there is a more effectual way of per-forming it than is to be found in the church festival; in fact, I do not believe in church festivals of this character any more. I believe the whole principle is wrong." "Well, Marion, your piety surpasses that of the pas-tor and the church deacons. Where did you receive this new impression, anyway?" "I received it in rather an unexpected way, Nina. I was asking a dear old lady to contribute to the coming festival in order that means might be raised for the poor, and she looked me square in the face with such a gentle expression in her soft blue eyes, and said, 'Miss Marion, I believe when Christ drove the money-changers from his temple he meant to teach us also the lesson, "Let not my Father's house be made a house of merchandise." Then, too, Miss Marion, I believe it is a sin against ourselves to eat such unwholesome food at such unseemly hours.' But, I said, Grandma, we almost have to do as the church does, for the pastor is supposed to know what is for the best interests of the flock. `Ah, no,' said the dear old lady; 'we can have no perfect criterion but Jesus himself; and it is our blessed privilege, as well as our religious duty, to follow him in all things, even though our dear-est friends may differ with us in opinion. I believe if we would each one deny self a little, and thus contribute to the wants of the poor without gormandizing, the result would be much more satisfactory.' And as she slipped a dollar in my hand to put into the poor fund, instead of contributing cakes, pickles, etc., she closed her remarks by saying, `We are told in the good Book, "Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God." Now, Nina, these words have been ringing in my ears ever since, and I have come to fear that people at church socials do not eat and drink to the glory of God. They do not eat from a sense of physical need, but from the selfish standpoint of gratifying per-verted appetites; and besides, much of the food provided for such occasions should never enter the stomach." "Yes, but, Marion, surely the cause is a laudable one, since the proceeds go to help the poor; and that surely changes the aspect of the whole affair." "Well, Nina, Jesus tells us that the way to help the poor is to divide what we have with them. 'He that hath two coats, let him impart to him that hath none.' And he also says, Bring the poor that are cast out, to thy house, and thus care for them. The story of the Good Samaritan is another example given by our Saviour as to how we should befriend the poor and un-fortunate. Jesus teaches personal work and sacrifice for the poor, and he says, 'Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.' " "Well, Marion, if you have so much new light on this subject, why don't you inform the church in regard to their condition of darkness?" 