AMEHICAN SENTINEL. 669 Peace Commission. He says that there are at least six thousand sick Spanish soldiers in Havana. He affirms his belief that the great question how to bring prosperity and happiness for Cuba is primarily not political, but social. His opinion is that if General Tordl had not lacked courage and gone into negotiations with the en-emy, the end might have been different. Dr. Congosto, before going to Cuba, was special consul at Philadelphia and speaks English fluently. He was asked as to the condition of the reconcentrados. He replied, 'There are none. They are gone.' Where?"God knows.' Do you mean they are dead?' That probably explains it better than I can. This is a subject which I prefer not to dis-cuss.' "Whatever, then, we have done by the war, and it is much, we have not saved the reconcentrados." That the suffering of this class of the Cubans became more acute upon the outbreak of war is a well-known fact. And it now appears that practically none are left to reap the benefits of freedom. AN individual who wants to be favored in his com-munity because he "keeps the Lord's day," writes thus to The Defender, organ of the "Sabbath Protective League" of New England:Š "I keep the Lord's day. My store is open three hours, while all the other drug stores are open all day. I refuse to take a license to sell liquors, and do not sell even alco-hol. On Sundays I am openfor the sale of medicine only. Do the temperance and Christian people try to help me by trading with me? No; not over two per cent. They would let me go hungry, so far as they care by substan-tial assistance. They go to the stores that keep open Sundays, and sell all the liquors that are called for. They make these places respectable by their presence and trade." All of which only reveals the selfish character of the sentiment which is behind the Sunday crusade. The Pope Is Glad. THE commissioners appointed by the United States and Spain to frame a treaty are in session in Paris. The American commissioners demand that Spain cede to the United States the whole Philippine group of islands. As soon as Pope Leo XIII. heard of this he was glad and expressed his approval of the transfer of the islands to the American Government. At first thought this might be wondered at, but by looking a little closer, it can be seen why he has so expressed him-self. A few years ago when the National Reformers were presenting petitions to Congress in favor of a Sunday law, they represented that 7,200,000 Catholics in this country were in favor of it. Although their claim was untrue, yet let us calculate that there are that number  of Catholics in this country at the present time. Now a little sum in addition will not be out of place:Š Number of Catholics in the United States before the war with Spain  7,200,000 In Porto Rico  300,000 In Cuba,  1,500,000 In Philippines,  9,000,000 Total, 18,000,000 Total number of Catholics under the protection of the Stars and Stripes at the close of the war with Spain, 18,000,000,Ša number nearly equal to the total mem-bership of all the Protestant denominations in this country put together. Is it any wonder then that Pope Leo XIII. is glad when the prospects are that there will be two and a half times as many Catholics belonging to this country at the close of the war as there were before? Rome will not be slow to take advantage of this new power. She knows that she has reasons to be happy, and it is time that the people of this country should be on their guard and know what the purposes of Rome are in regard to this nation. JUDSON A. BAKER. Bastrop, La. ONE thing that adds zest to the diplomatic game being played for the supremacy in China is the knowledge of the undeveloped resources of the country. It is not like fighting in the wilds of Africa for land that has only limited commercial prospects. In China is a steady, quiet population, and mineral wealth which has only recently been understood. Speaking of this and of the ignorance of the fact when China began to be opened for trade, a writer says in the Journal of the Colonial Insti-tute:Š "Few people had any idea of the mineral wealth of the south of China,. Coal, iron, copper, lead, silver, an-timony, and gold were all there close to these waterways, awaiting foreign enterprise and skill. Few people realized how little the resources of the south of China were prop-erly utilized for the support of its people. Within 400 miles of Hong Kong aborigines roamed about over vast tracts of unsettled country. There was no reason why China should send one of her sons to foreign soils, as was done to so considerable an extent. The peasant of Kwangsi planted a few sweet potatoes, and barely ex-isted; hundreds were swept away by the first approach of famine. Yet at their very feet was fabulous wealth. Mr. Wenyon said he had seen a peasant arduously car-rying on his back a load of wood for fuel, over a path cut through unexploited coal in the hillside. There was more mining work in China than labor could be found for even in populous China, yet millions were living on two shillings per head, and less, per month."ŠOriental Watchman. GOD has no use for slaves, except to bestow upon them physical, mental, and moral freedom, through the provisions of divine grace. 