AMERICAN SENTINEL. 69 A test case of this kind was made in the city o Plainfield, N. J., about two years ago. A certain fruit-seller who closed his place on the Sabbath and opened it on Sunday was finally arrested for doing business in violation of the Sunday law. He was not charged with any illegal action except Sunday selling. The only question at issue was: Did lie observe the Sabbath reli-giously enough, and conscientiously enough, to be granted the privilege of the exemption? The first jury disagreed. The second jury, made up of prominent Christian men, convicted, and he was fined twenty-five dollars. The decision of the jury was made upon the idea that since he did not belong to any Sabbath-keep-ing church, and did not attend church on that day, he was not entitled to the exemption. Other places of busi-ness kept open on Sunday by Sabbath-keepers were warned by the police during this "raid against Sabbath-breakers," and other arrests were made, but the prose-cuting attorney decided that all, Jews or Christians, who kept the Sabbath sufficiently sacred, i. e., those who belonged to Sabbath-keeping churches, could not be prosecuted, if they did not "expose" their goods for sale, nor leave their own premises to conduct business. It was a clear case wherein the civil court decided what amount of religious conscience a man must express, in outward actions, on given days, in order to be entitled to exemption under the Sunday laws of New Jersey. This is the logical and essential issue in every simi-lar case. The exemption system is a clumsy compro-mise made to escape the charge of injustice and perse-cution in the case of those who have the conscientious bravery to regard God's law of the Sabbath, rather than man's law concerning Sunday. Those who favor Sunday laws, because of the exemption which is made in favor of Sabbath-keepers, in some States, foster an agency for persecution, and a system which compels an actual union of church and state in every civil court trial under those laws. The conscientious friends of Sunday observance, who look carefully into the history and the effect of Sunday legislation, will find abundant reason to cast Sunday laws aside for the sake of genuine and permanent Sab-bath reform. Sabbath observance is a religious and a Biblical question to be settled on conscientious convic-tions as to what God requires. Civil law has no right to interfere in such a question. There can be no "civil Sabbath." As well talk of a "civil baptism," or a "civil Lord's Supper." What is called a civil 'Sabbath, by some, can never be more than a civil holiday, and the history of Sunday shows that the holiday element is advanced and strengthened by the civil law. Reliance on Sunday laws has been a fruitful source of the grow-ing and destructive holidayism which now abounds. Conscience grows only in the soil of divine authority, and of religious faith, based on the Word of God. The more the friends of Sunday appeal to civil law, the more will holidayism, and its evils, increase. It is a well.  known fact that the Sunday laws cannot be executed`- against people in general, and no efforts of value are-made against large corporations and business in- terests. Another important fact which temperance reformer& ought to consider is that Sunday laws are a positive help to the saloons. All days of leisure are harvest days for the liquor traffic. Compulsory leisure without reli-gious conscience, promotes dissipation, and thousands of people, who are compelled to be idle on Sunday, would be better off, by far, if they were at work. So long as the civil law classes the business of the saloon with other and legitimate businesses, the saloon will triumph when assailed for Sunday-selling by turning the law against other forms of business. Such legisla-tion puts the whip in the hands of Rum. The effect of reliance on Sunday laws destroys con-science on the part of religious people. When they give prominence to the civil law, and make strenuous efforts to secure its enforcement, unconsciously, perhaps, but certainly, they drift away from regard for the divine law. This has gone so far already that many Christian leaders now charge their fellow Christians with leading in the desecration of Sunday. This destructive state of things has been hastened by the popular falsehood that the Old Testament is only a "Jewish book," and that the Sabbath law is not binding on Christians. As Chris-tians lose regard for Sunday, the irreligious, and the non-religious masses go farther down into holidayism and dissipation. Hence it comes that Sunday laws-hasten the holidayism which they have no power to re- strain. Such disastrous results have been made certain because of the origin of Sunday legislation. No such system ever escapes from the fundamental element& out of which it is born. Sunday legislation is the direct product of the pagan State Church of the Roman Empire. The first Sunday edict of Constantine, emperor of Rome, was pagan in form, in spirit and in fact. Rem- it is:Š "Let all judges, and all city people, and all trades men, rest upon the venerable day of the Sun. But let those dwelling in the country freely and with full liberty attend to the culture of their fields; since it frequently happens that no other day is so fit for the sowing of grain or the planting of vines; hence the favorable time should not be allowed to pass, lest the provisions of heaven be lost."ŠCod. Justin III. Tit. 12, L. 3. Nearly two generations of men passed before this pagan law was re-enacted in a modified form, in which the first distinctively Christian elements appear. In view of these and many similar facts, we plead with Christians to place the Sabbath question on a purely religious and Biblical basis. To refuse to do this is non-Protestant. It savors of disloyalty to Christ. If Christ's practise and teachings are not competent authority on the Sabbath question, there can be no 