32 VoL. 9, No. 4. NEW YORK, JANUARY 25, 1894. W' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE Christian Reformer asks, " Shall we have a political dissent society ?" Certainly, if you want it; there is nothing to hinder that we know of. IT is stated that the advocates of legally enforced Sunday rest claim to have peti-tions representing 10,000,000 adults in favor of the suspension of Sunday mails. AN exchange says that Sunday Mails are now to be attacked " with all the available forces of Sabbatarianism." Not so; Sabbatarians do not object to Sunday mails. It is Sunday keepers who war against Sunday mails. " THE Rev. A. W. McCullough, of In-diana, Pa.," says the Christian Reformer, " has prepared a printed schedule of Scripture lessons for use in our common schools. They are selected from the gos-pels and cover a term of twelve weeks, with a lesson for each day." IN about a month from now Elder W. A. MoCutchen and Professor E. C. Keck, a Seventh-day Adventist minister and a Seventh-day Adventist teacher, will be placed on trial in Gainsville, Ga., for Sunday work. If convicted, they can be punished by fine in any sum not to exceed $1,000, imprisonment not to exceed six months, or work in the chain-gang not to exceed twelve months. Any one or more of these punishments may be imposed at the discretion of the court. WE have been criticised several times for calling the papal church, simply, the "Catholic Church." The following anec-dote will serve to illustrate our use of the word " catholic " as applied to a church, which, by her own usage, in calling her-self the " Holy Roman Catholic Church," confesses that she is not catholic in the true sense. There was, many years ago, in the city of Boston, an old colored man, who gained a livelihood in winter by the sale of what he called " hot meat pies." One very cold day a farmer came to town with a load of wood. Thoroughly chilled and feeling that something at once hot and nourishing was just what he needed, and being attracted by the old man's cheery cry of " Hot meat pies," he purchased one; but lo! when he bit into it he dis-covered that it was frozen. He at once exclaimed, " You rascal, you said this pie was hot!" But the old man was equal to  the occasion, and answered, " No boss; I said 'twas a `hot meat pie.' Dat's the name ob dem, boss. Dat's what I calls 'em, boss." The appellation " Hot meat pies " was simply a name and not a de-scription of the old man's pies. It is even so with the word " catholic," as applied to the Romish church; it does not describe that church; it is simply a name. THE Catholic Mirror of the 13th instant is out with a long article denouncing as religious persecution the imprisonment of Sabbatarians in Maryland for Sunday work. It is rather late in the day for Roman Catholics to cry out against gov-ernmental enforcement of religion. The writer of the article in question may be candid enough in what he says, but the whole system is at fault. The imprison-ment, by so-called Protestants, of men for refusal to do homage to the papal Sunday, is simply the logical outcome of papal principles. No doubt individual papists revolt at the injustice, but the system is responsible for it. This will be more and more apparent as the iniquity develops in this country. THE Herald and Presbyter remarks that " all Romanists are not so candid as the great Ultramontane editor Veuillot, who wrote, ' When Protestants are in the ascendancy, we demand religious liberty, because that is their doctrine; but when Catholicism is in the ascendancy, we deny religious liberty, because that is our doctrine.' " There are not a few so-called Protestants who might make a like con-fession were they so disposed. Even in " free America " religious liberty has its metes and bounds, and the line is not drawn at the demands of civil justice either. Much that is called religious liberty is at best only religious toleration; and tolerance is necessarily a denial of inalienable right. The assumption of the right to tolerate is an assertion of the right to prohibit. IT is said that a bill has been prepared and will be introduced in the Iowa legis-lature .as a substitute for the present pro-hibitory law. It provides that the council of a city or town may grant to a corpora-tion of not less than twenty-five resident freeholders an exclusive franchise for the term of ten years for the sale of liquors. Prescribing how the corporation shall be managed, etc., it provides that after a five per cent. semi-annual dividend is paid, the remainder of the profits shall go to the city or town, to the school district and to the Young Men's Christian Association! But what of it ? The fines for Sunday work in Georgia go for the support of Sunday schools; why not license money as well go for the support of the Young Men's Christian Association ? Or why not give it direct to the dominant church ? or to the church making the largest number  of converts during the revival season ? This would be eminently practical for it would mightily stimulate Christian (?) effort. " IN Philadelphia," says the New York Christian Advocate, "an elderly citizen of excellent repute, in a public address, is reported to have said that in his opinion `the world is growing better morally, religiously, and physically; in fact, better every way except politically.' This opin-ion, continues the Advocate, " must be wrong either in the main proposition or in the exception." It is wrong in every-thing but the exception. " Evil men and seducers " are waxing " worse and worse" according to the testimony of the Word of God. And as foretold in the same Word even the churches are filled with those " having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof." " Vick's Floral Guide," 1894. " VicE's Floral Guide " has always seemed to us to be as near perfection as a publication of that description could well be made, but the "Guide" for 1894 cer-tainly surpasses all its predecessors, and is indeed " a thing of beauty." But beauty is not its only good feature; it contains descriptions that describe, not mislead; illustrations that instruct, not exaggerate. This year it comes to us in a suit of gold. Printed in eight different colors besides black. Colored plates of Chrysanthemums, Poppies and Vegetables. On the front cover is a very exquisite bunch of Vick's New White Branching Aster, and on the back is the New Double Anemone; 112 pages filled with many new novelties of value as well as all the old leading varieties of flowers and vegetables. We advise our friends who intend doing anything in the garden this year to con-sult Vick before starting operations. Send 10 cents to James Vick's Sons, Rochester, N. Y., for Vick's Guide, it costs nothing, as you can deduct the 10 cents from first order. It certainly will pay you. " THE World in the Church " is a pamphlet of 104 pages, by Rev. John Sawyer, D. D., of the M. E. Church, South. It is an excellent commentary on such texts as 2 Tim. 3 :1-9, and should be in the hands of every one who feels any burden to warn the professed Church of Christ of her fallen condition. The Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York, will fill orders for this pamphlet at the publisher's price, 25 cents. Don't fail to secure a copy at once. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending I toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per, 'year, - - Soo 25 to 99 l, 4, 4, gi - - - 80a 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c 250 to 499 " " " " 6 6 - - .. 70c 500 to 999 " " " " 65c  1000 or more 4, 4, gl ,‚ - . - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. if 