THEO' AMERICAN SENTINEL. 45 and penalties to propagate the religion of Christ for National Reformers and the Christianity of Christ are diametrically opposed the one to the other. Christ gave the golden rule to keep his follow-ers from the exercise of all oppression and tyranny. And those who believe more in His sayings than they do in their own selfish greed for place and power, will never seek to enforce any religion or religious institution on their followers. But per-haps National Reformers have never learned the golden rule. For their sakes we repeat it again: "All things whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them." M. c. w. Proposed Persecution in Tennessee. WE learn that the following is being circulated in the western part of Tennessee:Š NOTICEk "To whom it may concern:Š " That we, the undersigned citizens of the Texas neighborhood and vicinity, being desirous of the welfare of our community, and that peace may prevail, and that the morals of our children may not be insulted and trampled upon by willful vio-lation of the Sunday laws of our land, do this day pledge our honor that we will individually and col-lectively prosecute each and every violation of our State law that may come under our observation." That our readers may know just what will be the result of carrying out that pledge, we print the Tennessee Sunday law, which they propose to enforce. Here it is :Š "If any merchant, artificer, tradesman, farmer, or other person, shall be guilty of doing or exer-cising any of the common avocations of life, or of causing or permiting the same to be done by his children or servants, (acts of real necessity or charity excepted) on Sunday, he shall ost due con-viction thereof before any justice of the peace of the county, forfeit and pay three dollars, one-half to the person who will sue for the same, the other half for the use of the county." If the enforcement of that law would not be persecution, then we don't know what would be. If any farmer shall be "guilty" of planting squashes behind his barn, or of hoeing corn in the back lot, down by the woods, on Sunday; he may be hauled up and fined. Yet we are gravely assured that Sunday laws are simply "sanitary arrangements," andŁ are not intended to make men religious. We do not need to be infollned that they are not intended to make men religious. Such a law is calculated only to make anarchists and hypocrites. Sanitary arrangements, forsooth! What is there about the Sunday that makes it so much more dangerous to a man's health to dig potatoes or weed onions on it than on any other day? We propose to ring the changes on this matter until the people shall see the inconsistency, or the duplicity, whichever it is, of those who argue for Sunday laws. If they want sanitary regulations, let them try their hands at framing something that would indicate it. If they want what the laws they frame seem to indicate, then let them say so plainly, and we shall have far greater re-spect for them. It may be said that the Tennessee law will never be enforced according to the strict letter of it, and that we have supposed an impossible case. But the fact is that less than three years ago, under the Tennessee Sunday law, men were ar-rested and fined and imprisoned for quietly dig-ging potatoes on Sunday for dinner, and for pulling up weeds out of their garden. And this was not in town, where people might see the work  while passing to or from church, but in remote country districts, where the informer had to go out of his way in order to see the Sunday work. This fact, taken in connection with the last clause of the law, reminds us of another gross abuse that may be perpetrated. The law gives one-half the fine to the person who sues the Sun-day worker. Vagabonds who have nothing to do but loaf around, may make a very fine thing for themselves by spying around the country, and peeping into shops to see who is working, and then lodging information against them. The Tennessee Sunday law is a disgrace to the State and to civilization, yet the reader will look in vain to see any denunciation of it by any National Reformer or advocate of a Sunday law "for sani- tary purposes only." w. Why Unite Sunday and Prohibition? A NOTICEABLE feature of the present Sunday-Law agitation is the disposition manifested by all its advocates to unite the Sunday and the Tem-perance questions, or rather to make it appear that they are one and the same question. The following, from a religious paper published in San Francisco, shows how the matter is generally pre- sented "The demand for the destruction of the Chris-tian sabbath, the poor man's sabbath, his rest day, his lease of .life, his hope, is the demand of the sa-loon and the vile horde born of the saloon. We have put the city and the State in the hands of the worst set that ever cursed the earth; to wit, the conspirators against truth, virtue, an I our homesŠthe remorseless wretches of the saloon bus-iness. They are ruining workingmen and destroy-ing their homes. They want no sabbath. Gen-tlemen, we have a big job on our hands to rescue the people from the thralldom of the saloon! But let us have courage and faith. Pour in petitions for a legal sabbath. Send them to the members of the Legislature whom you may know. We do not wish to interfere with any man's rights, and would not, do so under any circumstances; but to protect one day in seven from the accursed greed of corporations and the consuming vices of the sa-loon, is a patriotic and Christian duty." The closing words of this quotation are signifi-cant, and show plainly that the central thought is not the advancement of temperance reform. It is true that "to protect one day in seven from the accursed greed of corporations and the consuming vices of the saloon, is a patriotic and Christian duty." But why protect,only "we day in seven from the consuming vices of the saloon" ? Is it not "a Christian and patriotic duty to protect" every day from these consuming vices? Why single out Sunday and protect it, while " the re-morseless wretches of the saloon business" are al-lowed to prey upon society "ruining working-men and destroying their homes" the remaining six days of the week ? Why " pour in petitions for a legal sabbath "? Why not the rather "pour in petitions" for the prohibition of the liquor traffic on all days? And as for "the accursed greed of corporations," if it can be restrained "one day in seven," the same power can restrain it every day in the week. If the movement is simply to secure to workingmen one day in seven from labor, why not ask for, a law requiring all employers to allow each em-ploye one full twenty-four-hour holiday each week, and allow the interested parties to arrange between them which day it shall be; or, better still, let each employe choose which of the seven days he will take? This arrangement would meet all physical demands for rest from toil, and is in perfect harmony with the somewhat popular seventh-part-of-time theory. Such a proposition will however meet with no favor among the advocates of "a legal sabbath," for what they want is not merely that "one day in seven shall be protected," etc., but that Sun-day, the first day of the week, the so-called ";Christian Sabbath," shall be that day. But why should everybody be required to keep this particular day? Who requires this at our hands? Some people, we suppose, feel it to be a religious duty to observe that day, but many, equally conscientious, think quite differently. Why then should they be compelled to act con-trary to their convictions in this matter, any more than in other questions of faith and practice? Let those who wish to do so keep Sunday, but it is a dangerous thing to give to any church or to any number of churches the power to enforce upon others the practice of any article of their creed. The law of CaliforniaŠand so far as the writer is aware the same is true in every StateŠgives ample protection to all religious assemblies, not only on Sunday, but upon every day, and this is right; but what possible difference can it make to A, who chooses to go to meeting on Sun-day, if B takes a spade and digs in his garden, or if C hitches up his team and plows in his field ? "Oh," you say, "it outrages A's religious sensibil-ities." But what if it does? Are A's feelings any better than B's or C's feelings ? and why protect one man's feelings any more than an-other's? Is not the very existence of Protestant-ism a standing outrage on the feelings of every Papist? and are not the feelings of the Pope out: raged every day by the knowledge that Protest-ant worship is conducted almost within the shadow of the Vatican? Certainly; but that is no reason why Protestantism should not exist, or that a Methodist meeting-house should not be tolerated in Rome. The fact is that people have no business to have feelings that would deny to others equal rights with themselves; such feelings are a violation of the golden rule. Sabbath keeping is purely a matter of religion, and it is no more proper to enforce it by law than it would be to compel men to make a profession of religion, ask a blessing at their tables, or have family prayers. It is a duty that every man owes to God and to his family to do these things ; but no one would think of claiming that the State has a right to require him to perform such duties. And so, even were we to grant for a mo-ment that Sunday is the Sabbath, it is clearly not within the province of the State to regulate the keeping of it farther than it does the discharge of other real or supposed religious duties; namely, to protect in the discharge of these duties, all who wish to perform them. Farther than this the Government has no right to go. C. P BOLLMAN. A Fallacy Exposed. A SHORT time ago we heard one of the minis-ters of Oakland read an essay to his congregation on Sunday observance. It was one of a combin-ation of discourses designed to. stir the people up to see the necessity of a State Sunday law; but one of the illustrations used was most unfortunate. It is well known that the strongest plea for a Sun-day law is on the ground that the workingman is ground down by soulless corporations. Pathetic stories are told of conscientious men who would like to keep Sunday, and who feel that they ought to, but who are not able to follow oat their 