AMERICAN SENTINEL. 51 could be had apart from power. Let it retain the power, and are people might have what else they would. And when the struggle for liberty came, it was a struggle for the possession of power. Nor did any people ever count themselves free, until they possessed the power to exercise that freedom according to their own ideas of liberty. Power is the very essence of liberty. When God gives a man liberty he gives him power; the very essence of his liberty is in the fact that he is "endued with power from on high." And people who have a form of godli-ness but "deny the power thereof," are set forth in Script-ure (2 Tim. 3:5) as having no real godliness at all. Liberty without power,Šthat is an ideal of liberty which will suit every despot well, not only in the islands of the seas and for the Filipinos, but in the United States and for American citizens. Every free people possess the power to run their gov-ernment "to smash;" they must possess it to run their government at all. The American people possess it; and the plain evidence that they do is visible in the fact that they are running itŠor letting it be runŠto smash with almost lightning speed. Who Will Stand By the Declaration of Independence? THE Tribune of this city, January 9, sets forth the meaning of the Declaration of Iridependence, as fol-lows:Š "It is a favorite notion now to quote the .words, `Governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed,' as if these embodied a law of application to all inhabitants alike. But of the men who signed the Declaration there were many who held slaves, and these slaves were governed without their consent. . . . It was never the intention to assert that the negroes or the savage race must give consent before just government should be established over them. . . . "The Declaration of Independence was a formal no-tice that inhabitants of the colonies consented no longer to British rule. It declared their right to withdraw con-sent when government became subversive of their rights, and openly appealed to the god of battles. The consent of the governed was then withdrawn in the colonies, and from that time it was held that Great Britain had no longer just right to govern here. That is precisely the meaning of the language." That identical argument, in substance and almost in words, was made just forty years ago. And it was as popular then as it is now. This argument was then sanc-tioned even by the great authority of the Supreme Court of the United States. Forty years ago also this argument was thoroughly answered. The answer was made by Abraham Lincoln, and is good for all time. It is well that the people can have Abraham Lincoln's answer to these denials of the  Declaration that tare made to-day. Read Tribune for Douglas, and here is Abraham Lincoln's answer to the Tribune's argument:Š "I think the authors of that noble instrument [the Declaration of Independence] intended to include all men; but they did not intend to declare all men equal in all respects. They did not mean to say all were equal in color, size,!intellect, moral developments, or social capa-city. Thepdefined with tolerable distinctness, in what respects they:did consider all men created equalŠequal with `certainiinalienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.' This they said, and this they;  meant. They did not mean to assert the obvious untruth, that all were then actually enjoying that equality, nor yet that they were about to confer it immediately upon them. In fact, they had no power to confer such a boon. They meant to declare simply the right, so that the:enforcement of it might follow as fast as circumstances should permit. "They meant to set up a standard maxim for free society, which should be familiar to all, and revered by all; constantly looked to; constantly labored for; and even though never perfectly attained, constantly ap-proximated; and thereby constantly spreading and deepening its influence and augmenting the happiness and value of life to all people of all colors everywhere. "The assertion that 'all men are created equal,' was of no practical use in effecting our separation from Great Britain; and it was placed in the Declaration, not for that but for future use. Its authors meant it to be, as thank God, it is now proving itself, a stumbling block to all those who, in after times, might seek to turn a free people back into the hateful paths of despotism. They knew the proneness of prosperity to breed tyrants, and they meant when such should reappear in this fair land and commence their vocation, they should find left for them at least one hard nut to crack. "I have now briefly expressed my view of the mean-ing and object of that part of the Declaration of In-dependence which declares that 'all men are created equal.' "Now let us hear Judge Douglas's view of the same subject, as I find it in the printed report of his late speech. Here it is:Š " 'No man can vindicate the character, motives, and conduct ol the signers of the Declaration of Independence, except upon the hypothesis that they referred to the white race alone, and not to the African, when they de-clared all men to have been created equalŠthat they were speaking of British subjects on this continent being equal to British subjects born and residing in Great BritainŠthat they were entitled to the same inalienable rights, and among them were enumerated life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The Declaration was adopted for the purpose of justifying the colonists in the eyes of the civilized world in withdrawing their allegiance from the British crown and dissolving their connection with the mother country.' "My good friends, read that carefully over some leis-ure hour, and ponder well upon itŠsee what a mere wreck Šmangled ruin, it makes of our once glorious Declara-tion. " 'They were speaking Of British subjects on this con-tinent being equal to British subjects born and residing 