DEottnin 1, 1908. ALminniCAN 395 their peace; and left him and went their way." Matt. 22:15-22; Luke 20:20-30. Then the very next day, "were gathered together the chief priests and the scribes and the elders of the people unto the court of the high priest who was called Caia-phas; and they took counsel together that they might take Jesus by subtlety, and kill him. But they said, Not during the feast, lest haply a tumult arise among the people, for they feared the people." Then came Judas to the chief priests and cap-tains and offered to betray him secretly unto them. They gave him the thirty pieces of silver, " and he consented, and from that time he sought opportunity how he might conveniently deliver him unto them in the absence of the multitude." And the night of the very next day they captured him in Gethsemane, after mid-night, and led him to Annas, and then to Caiaphas, then to Pilate, then to Herod, and back to Pilate. And when Pilate had insisted, even to the sixth time, that he found in him no fault, and spoke three times of releasing him and really sought a way to release him, then it was, that in their desperation, they cried: " If thou let this man go thou art not Ca Bar's friend. Whosoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Caesar." Pilate then took the judgment seat, and they demanded that Jesus should be crucified. Pilate said, " Shall I crucify your King ?" And in utter renunciation of God and all that he had ever done for them, they re-plied : " We have no king but Caesar." Then therefore he delivered him unto them to be crucified. "And they led him away to crucify him." " And they crucified him." AND they did it all to save themselves and the nation. But this was to make themselves the saviours of themselves and others; for in doing it they rejected the Saviour both of themselves and of all men. Thus the Sabbath question in that day, as in all days, involved the question of, Who is the Saviour ? Their efforts, then, to save themselves and the nation, resulted in the utter ruin of themselves and of the nation. They said, " If we let him alone, the Romans will come and take away both our, place and nation." They did not let him alone, they perse-cuted him to death, and the Romans did come and take away both their place and nation. Their effort to save their place and nation only destroyed their place and nation. THIS whole account was written for the warning and instruction of men in the ages to follow. And to no age or time could it possibly be more applicable, or more pertinent, than to just this day and time in the United States. Here the Pharisees, the scribes, and the doctors of the law have rejected God's idea of the Sabbath and have set up a man's. God's idea on this subject is clearly stated, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Man's idea is and is declared, " Sunday is and shall be the Sabbath," and this plainly instead of the Sabbath of the Lord, as the Lord himself has stated the matter. To-day also the most widely separated sects, in profession, the Protestants, and the Catholics, have joined themselves together, as did the Pharisees and Herodians, to get control of governmental power to make effective their purpose to put down the Lord's idea of the Sabbath and exalt a man'sŠeven  that of the man of sin. These too, to-day, like those of old, accomplished their purpose upon the governmental author-ities by threats of political ruin, like those of old did upon Pilate. And to-day, in many parts of the land, these Pharisees are persecuting those who maintain the Lord's idea of the Sabbath, as expressed in his own words, just as those Pharisees back there did Jesus for doing the same thing. To-day these Pharisees are watch-ing, and spying upon those who are loyal to God's idea of the Sabbath, just as were those back yonder watching Jesus and spying upon him for the same thing. To-day these Pharisees are doing all this to get these to compromise or give up the Lord's idea of the Sabbath and adopt man's idea, which is but the idea of the man of sin, as did those Pharisees back yonder to get Jesus to do the same thing. AND we are most happy to know, and to have these Pharisees find out, that there are some people so much like Jesus, that when they are persecuted to get them to yield the Lord's Sabbath and adopt man's, they will not do it. We are glad to know that there are to-day some people who are so much like Jesus, that when they are conforming strictly to God's idea of the Sabbath and are therefore faithful Sabbath-keepers, they are yet persecuted and imprisoned as Sabbath-breakers. And we are especially glad to know that these people are so much like Jesus that when the Pharisees of to-day go sneaking and spying around them as the others did around Jesus, these see just what they are watching for, as the other Pharisees saw when they watched Jesus. And we sin-cerely hope that these people shall still be so much like Jesus that they will suffer persecution to the death as did he, rather than to compromise or yield one hair's-breadth of their allegiance to God's idea of the Sabbath, or to adopt to that extent man's idea of the Sabbath in the place of God's, or even along with the Lord's. For to put man's idea on an equality with the Lord's is at once to put it in the place of the Lord's. Of the Sabbath keeping Waldenses it is written, that " many of the true people of God became so bewil-dered that while they observed the Sab-bath they refrained from labor also on the Sunday.ŠGreat Controversy, Vol. IV., p. 65. God forbid that any of the true people of God in our day should become so be-wildered as this No. Far better be like Jesus and die for allegiance to God's truth, than to live by compromise with the lies and abominations of the Pharisees and Herodians, backed up by both Herod and Pilate. A. T. J. Fifth Anniversary of the American Sabbath Union. ON December 10, 11, and 12, the Amer-ican Sabbath Union celebrated its fifth anniversary, at the Marble Collegiate Church, on Fifth avenue, in this city. Sunday, December 10, Rev. D. J. Burrell, pastor of the church, delivered the anni-versary sermon. The sermon, though delivered in Dr. Burrell's usual rhetorical and oratorical style, was remarkable for its 'lack of logic, and in the fact that so many of his statements, if taken in good faith, would have overthrown from its foundations the cause for which he pleaded. In his opening prayer the plea was made that man might respect the day that Christ observed, and in the course of  the sermon it was declared with much earnestness that Christ rested on the sev-enth day, and that we rest on the seventh day; and yet the whole intent of the dis-course was to laud and uphold the work of an organization which has been for five years putting forth every effort to compel the observance of the first day. He stated the purpose of the Sabbath Union to be to preserve the American Sabbath," and used as a text to support this the twelfth verse of the twentieth chapter of Ezekiel, which begins, " More-over I gave them also my Sabbaths," and continues,Š" to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them." Whenever God has made a covenant with his people, said Dr. Burrell, he has set a sign of it; the bow of promise, that he would not again destroy the earth by flood; the paschal lamb, as a sign by which to remember that they had been led up out of Egypt, and that One would come to lead them out again; and the Sabbath as a token that if they kept it they should live, and if they failed to keep it they should die. But Dr. Burrell failed to show that there was any relation between the "American Sabbath," the first day, for which he spoke, and God's Sabbath, the seventh day, which he set as a perpetual remem-brance of himself, that thus, retaining him in their hearts, his people might live and not die. The doctor denied that this country had any national establishment, but declared in the same breath that this country had a nationally established rest-day, and by God's grace always would have. The American " Sabbath" is not ecclesiastical, but it is a "religious fact," and the proof of this is that in 1892 it was solemnly decided that this is 'a Christian Nation.' With the rhetorical and elocutionary grace of the practised pulpit orator, Dr. Burrell poured forth for an hour such contradictory statements as these, and held his audience apparently in " spell bound" ignorance of his errors either of fact or reasoning. At the public meetings addresses were delivered, and papers read, by Rev. Drs. J. H. Knowles, T. A. Fernley, T. L. Cuyler, C. H. Payne, W. W. Atterbury, A. H. Plumb, Charles L. Thompson, and J. M. King, Secretary of the National League for the Protection of American Institu-tions, whose subject, " Providential Mis-sion of the American Sabbath Union," was significant as coming from the chief rep-resentative of an organization which poses before the country as standing for the separation of Church and State. The great burden of the meeting was the battle against the Sunday newspaper. All the evil and moral disorders prevalent throughout the country were over and over again declared to have their origin in the deadening of the public conscience through Sunday newspapers. Measures were taken to perfect, enlarge, and strengthen the organization of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, and suggestions were made, which, if carried out, will draft!  into the service of the society the entire popular ministry of the country. The attendance at these anniversary meetings was small,Šranging from forty to one hundred,Šyet those gathered there, were but an earnest of the legions of the clergy throughout the country who heart-: ily support the cause of the American Sabbath Union. Their cooperation will 