AMERICAN SENTINEL. 451 A tlecessary Article In the family is the Washing Machine, and like the Sewing Machine, it has come to be universally known as a wonderful labor saver. Once you use it you will never go back to the old way. There are cheap washing machines on the market that do not give satisfaction and are dear at any price. THE CYCLONE WASHER does its work perfectly, does it with little exertion on the part of the operator, and it does it without wear or tear on the clothes thus saving its cost in a short time. The following testimonials from those who are using the Cyclone Washer speak for themselves. Battle Creek, Mich. From the trial given the Cyclone Washer. I do not hesitate to say that it does its work in a most satisfactory way, and with the least labor and fatigue on the part of the operator, of any washing machine with which I am acquainted; and I would-most heartily recommend it to any one who desires to lessen the labor and expedite the work incident to the family washing. MRS. M. E. KELLOGG. Union Mills, Ind. GENTLEMEN: Having witnessed the operation of your Cyclone Washer on the family washing, I feel qualified to give it my hearty endorsement. To prepare for the line in one hour and twenty minutes, without rubbing or without manual effort, a washing which ordinarily required five hour+ of perspiring, backaching work, certainly entitles it to your claim of being a time-saving, labor-saving, and clothes-saving machine. I can heartily recommend it. REV. S. E. SMITH. Bellevue, Mich. I am well pleased with the Cyclone Washer I bought of you, and the more I use it, the better I like it. It is beyond 'comparison. R. T. SHURBINO. Any one wishing one of these machines can secure it at a special price by addressing A. MALLETT, 39 Bond St., New York. THE STORY OF PITCAIRN ISLAND. (SECOND EDITION.) BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. Pitcairn Island. one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the Eng-lish language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory reads stranger and more thrill-ingly in many respects than a romance. But mcs-: . not all, of the tales told and books print:edhave either been too fragmentary or in-correct and misleading. It will be interesting to the friends of that miniature world to know that an authentic history has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. Niles Rosa Young is one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pitcairn and its inhab-itants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a charming simplicity of style which refreshes the reader and invites a contin-ual perusal. Illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have -iach a neatly engraved heading. Price, $1.00 ['feline PRESS PUPLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City, N. Y. NUT BUTTER MILLS. Something new. Designed especial ly for converting nuts into butter for table and culinary purposes. ValliŁ able recipes for the use of nuts, Shelled and unshelled nuts of all kinds, at reasonable prices. Send for de. ecriptive circular and price list, JOSEPH LAMBERTS Battle Creek, flich. Sunbeams of f)eattil  anb Eemperance. cipal sections of the work : The House We Live I; The Habitations of Men; Some Strange People and Their Strange Manners ; The Bills of Fare of all Nations; Dame Fashion and Her Slaves; Health and Temperance Miscellany; Hygiene for Young Folks. Over 224 quarto pages. Illustrated by hundreds of engravings. One of the most interesting volumes ever published. Regular price. We will send postpaid $2.25. $1.25. Cloth, plain edges, 2.50. 1.50. Cloth, gilt edges, Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. LODIES' GUIDE Iii HOLM OND DISE(ISE. By J. 1/, KELLOGG, M. D. Girlhood, Maidenhood, Wifehood, Motherhood. CONTAINS CHAPTERS ON THE Anatomy and Physiology of Reproduction, The Little Girl, The Young Lady, The Wife, The Mother, Diseases of Women, with an Appendix of Prescriptions and Dietetic Recipes. 672 octavo pages, with 123 illustrations, 26 of which are lithographic plates. It is printed on fine paper, and it is beautifully and substan-tially bound. PRICES : Cloth, embossed in jet and gold  $3.00 Half buffing, marbled edges  3.50 Full leather, library style, marbled edges  3.75 Half morocco, gilt edges  4.25 Full morocco, gilt edges  5.50 Sent, postpaid, on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 39 Bond Street, New York City, N. Y. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. A NEW TRACT CATALOGUE. " Descriptive Catalogue of the Bible Students', Apples of Gold, and Religious Liberty libraries" is the tide of this36 page catalogue. It gives a pithy description of each tract and pamphlet in the above Libraries, together with their size and price. It will greatly assist the ...rider to select such numbers as he may desire to read and circulate; and -nay be obtained FREE by addressing the Pacific Press Publishing Com. Jany, Oakland, Cal.; 39 Bond St., New York City, N.Y.; 18 W. 5th St., Kan. ias City. Mo.; or Review and Herald. Battle Creek, M'-ch.; Atlanta, Ga. This is a unique work in which the author has under-taken to present a vast amount of inter-esting information in such a manner as to be not only instructive but entertaining. The following are the titles of the prin- 