42 THE ANIERICA.N SENTINL. powers, that subjection must in nowise conflict with our subjection to God. That inspiration does not teach that men are in duty bound to obey every edict of earthly pow-em, but that they are to disobey every enact-ment which conflicts with the law of God, is very plain. Take the case of the three Hebrew chil-dren at the court of Nebuchadnezzar. They were as truly bound to be subject to him as ever any men were to an earthly ruler, for Nebuchadnezzar was king by God's own appointment (Jer. 27 : 4-7), and they had by the same power been placed un-der him. Yet when the king commanded them to worship an image which he had set up, they absolutely refused to do anything of the kind. For their stubbornness, as the king doubtless thought it, they were cast into a fiery furnace ; yet God who commands us to be subject to the powers that be, showed his approval of their course in the most marked manner. Take the case of Daniel in the court of Da-rius. That king made a decree that for thirty days no man should make a request of any god or man except himself, under penalty of being cast into a den of lions. But Daniel paid no manner of attention to the decree. When he knew that the writing was signed, "he went into his house; and his windows being opened in his chamber toward Jerusalem, he kneeled upon his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God, as he did aforetime." Dan. 6: 10. Like his three fellows, he made no secret of his disobedience to the king's order. Yet the same God who commands us to be subject to the powers that be, showed his approval of Daniel's course by delivering him from the lions, and hon-oring him before the whole empire. The apostles afford another case in point. An express injunction was laid upon them by the.  Jewish Sanhedrim "not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus." Acts 4:17; 18. The apostles, however, refused to keep silence; saying, "We cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard" (verse 20), and they went right on teaching as though the rulers had said nothing. When they were again brought before the council, and reminded of the injunction which had been laid upon them, they boldly replied, "We ought to obey God rather than men." Acts 5:29. All these cases, and especially this last, show that the command to be subject to the powers that be, does not mean that we should obey them when obedi-ence to them involves disobedience to God. Now the question arises, were these men subject to the Governments under which they lived ? Can men be subject to the powers that be, and yet not obey them in every particular, no matter what they command ? We answer that men can be subject to the powers that be, and still disobey them when their decrees conflict with the laws of God; and the record shows most clearly that Daniel and his fellows, and the apostles, were sub-ject to the powers that existed in their time. A passage from the writings of one of the men who refused to obey men, when to do so involved disloyalty to God, will make this matter clear. We quote from 1 Peter 2: 17-20 :Š " Honor all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honor the King. Servants, be subject to your masters with all fear; not only to the good and gentle, but also to the froward. For this is thankworthy, if a man for conscience toward God endure grief, suffering wrongfully. For what glory is it, if, when ye be buffeted for your faults, ye shall take it patiently? but if, when ye do well, and suffer for it, ye take it patiently, this is accepta-ble with God." The command to " honor the king" shows this to be a parallel passage to Rom. 13:1, 2. Here, as there, we are exhorted to be subject to rulers, even though they be not good. But that this does not mean that we should in so doing disobey God, is evident from verse 19 : "For this is thank-worthy if a man for conscience toward God en-dure grief, suffering wrongfully." The fact that he is called upon to suffer wrongfully, and that he is buffeted because he does well, shows that his doing right has been in direct opposition to the commands of his master. He suffers "for con-science towards God." That is, his conscience will not allow him to disobey God's command-ment in obedience to the powers that be, and so he patiently suffers for it. And although he can-not obey the master's command, his patient ac-ceptance of the threatened punishment shows his subjection to the power. So we see that being subject to the powers that be, means simply that we are to obey them when their commands are right, and to disobey them when they conflict with those of God, and meekly to take the consequences. This is just what Daniel and his fellows and the apostles did. They did not resist, but they did not obey an unrighteous commandment. Now turn again to Romans 13, verses 2 and 5, and you will see that this is just what is taught. We quote :Š " Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, re-sisteth the ordinance of God; and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation." " Where-fore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience' sake." The Bible everywhere teaches respect for au-thority. Anarchists can find no warrant in the Bible for any of their contempt for authority. Rebellion against authority is not countenanced under any circumstances. Every soul must be sub-ject to the powers that be, and that subjection con-sists in willing, prompt obedience to all their laws when they do not require disregard of God's law, and as willing an acceptance of the penalty for dis-obeying laws that do contravene the laws of God. An example of this is found in the early Chris-tians, who took joyfully the spoiling of their goods. Heb. 10: 34. Where there cannot be obedi-ence, there must not be resistance. David would not lift his hand against the king of Israel, even though that king was most unjustly seeking his life; Paul, would not knowingly speak ill of the high priest, although that priest was a wicked-hypo-crite. He counseled the Christians to be subject to the powers that were, even while he was daily violating the laws of the most wicked ruler; and he showed his subjection to a power which was des-picable because of its moral rottenness, by, will-ingly yielding up his life as the price of his necessary disobedience. E. J. W. THE Catholic Monitor (San Francisco), of January 9, gives a prominent place to an article from the Irish Catholic World, written by Ber-nard O'Reilly, on the restoration of the Papacy, from which we quote the following, which shows how Catholics view the matter:Š " We speak now not merely to our own country-men, but to our friends and readers of other lands as well, when we say that, knowing what the authoritative teaching of the pontiff and the church on this point is, it is our bounden duty to man-fully resolve to exert ourselves to the utmost limits of our power to secure the speedy and splendid vin-dication of that teaching. After all, as we said but recently, Catholics are stronger than the Free-masons or Atheists, if we will but join hands in the work before us. What a noble sight it would be to see the Catholics of Germany, of Ireland, of France, of Spain, and of America, demanding the restoration  of Papal i dependence. In this way, truly, Ireland would tae her place among the nations, while a great ste would be taken towards securing Euro-pean pea e. There is nothing impossible in this. If the Ca holic manhood of the Continent, bearing, arms as they do, were only in earnest in sustain-ing such work as this, one week would find missives from every Christian Power, on Signor Cristi's desk, warning him and his master to depart with-out delay from the eternal city. This is the duty of the hour for Catholic people; Irishmen will be no laggards in discharging their share of it." When it is remembered that Catholics hold the balance of political influence in nearly every country, Such appeals as the above are not to be considered as mere vapor. Must the Chinese Go? IT is worthy of note and remembrance, that the National Reformers are the ones who profess to be the greatest friends of the Chinese, and who the most loudly denounce all attempts to limit Chinese immigration. Yet Dennis Kearney and his sand-lot party never more surely raised the cry, " the Chinese must go," than do these same National Reforners. If their movement should succeed, the Chinamen now here would almost all have to leave. It is well known that they tare heathen, and that they know of no such thing as a sacred day. Every day in the week they may be found at work; and it is not to be sup-posed that they would take kindly to the "Meli-can man's" new way of evangelization. The National ±eformers would virtually say to them: "We are Christians, and you are heathens, and consequently you cannot live in the same country with us." If you think that this is an uncharit-able conclusion, read the following from the Christian Statesman of May 21, 1885, spoken by E. B. Graham, one of the vice-presidents of the National Reform Association:Š "If the Opponents of the Bible do not like our government and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land, and in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil, subdue it, and set up ,a government of their own on infidel and atheistic ideas; and then, if they can stand it, stay there till they die." That is National Reform gospel. Let Kearney rave as much as he pleases; the National Reform-ers can give him points on how to drive out the Chinese. An Analogy, THE Christian Oracle, published at Chicago, says:Š " There is no reason why the Bible itself should be put out f the public schools. It is the word of God, and a y church that objects to the reading of God's w 4 rd in the public school, or anywhere else, by this objection makes a full and free ac-knowledgement that they have apostatized from the true faith, and are following tradition rather than revelation." Not- quite so fast. There is such a thing as a desire that other men should have the liberty of choice for themselves. Let us illustrate by a y friend and I both like graham find that quite a number of our erhaps a majority, like graham bread 'end says: "Now let us get a law everybody shall eat graham bread." I object. I say, "Let every man choose for him-self what he will eat." And then my friend says: "There is no reason why graham bread should not be eaten by everybody. It tis good food ; and anybody who objects to having people compelled 4 law to eat good, wholesome food, parable. lV bread. W neighbors, too. My passed that 