se they are di splayed ced. 0 *, .slans,  rOltv 'OA , v ai `toms." 044 0 A fope (90  a a s a) Its our business preR§.r9, good advertisement's ®and place 'them where they willa *roduce results, address-0 -4,---Aff,  4  ° % i:::;s,: elk 'e  142:.-9; .,...t.:.  ''' Geo.P.Rowet.t.& Co., 4;:i0 Newspaper Advertising Bureau io Spruce St., N.Y. ause they are and strikingly THE AMERICAN S_ENTIN.F.E. 103 A NOW and Valuable Publication on Religious Liberty. EVERY discussion of political questions, as a matter of course, stimulates research; and research often brings to light very im-portant contributions to our political lit-erature. As an illustration of this is the new work entitled, " American State Pa-pers Bearing on Sunday Legislation;" com-piled and annotated by William Addison Blakely, Counselor at Law, Ann Arbor, Michigan. This octavo vohime of nearly four hundred pages, contains some rare documents on religious legislation that have long since been out of print and are only now and then seen in an obscure corner of :some large library. These old papers are important not only for the sound political principles enunciated, but also to show the ideas that the founders of the Ainericen political system held con-cerning the relation of civil government and religion. The question of Sunday legislation is not by any means a new question. The editor of this work has half a dozen or more old reports of Congress on the question, be-sides a number of memorials and petitions Šone from the State Legislattire of In-dianaŠall matter exceedingly interesting  to those interested in any way in this question. The following is from a review of the work by the University of Michigan Daisy The work contains the ideas and opinions of many of the founders of our American political system upon Sunday legislation, extracts from the national and State Constitutions, and other Government doc-uments bearing on the question. Among others there are the opinions and decisions of Jefferson, Madison, John Adams, Patrick Henry, Col. R. M. Johnson, Chief Justice Terry, Justice Orton, Judge Cooley and General Grant. The editor has made a careful selection of documentary evidence relating to the Sunday question, and has by these extracts and reports not only shown Sunday legislation to be contrary to the spirit of many of our Constitu-tions and to the judgment of some of our leading statesmen, but he has also made a valuable contri-bution to the literature of this subject. The copious annotations and foot-notes give evidence of careful and painstaking work. In addition to the foregoing features, it contains, in whole or in part, the decisions of the. Supreme Courts of the States of Ohio, California, Missouri, Wisconsin, and Arkansas, on the question of the constitu-tionality of Sunday laws, and of the read-ing of the Bible in the public schools, with numerous notes from various other decisions in England and America. All the Sunday laws of the United States, together with the provisions of the  State Constitutions guaranteeing or re-stricting religious liberty, are also accu-rately transcribed in full from the original statute books of the several States and Territories. This new publication will prove a valu-able help'to all persons studying the ques-tion of the justice of Sunday laws from the standpoint of an American. It is an octavo volume, marginal notes, extra laid paper, vellum cloth, gilt top, uncut edges, price $2.50. A popular edition is also issued which is sold at $1.25. Address the editor, William Addison Blakely, Corres-ponding Secretary of the Religious Liberty Society, Ann Arbor, Michigan. ·  ¨ Ł No intolerance is equal to religious in-tolerance. It is just as far removed from the truth, and the freedom and breadth inspired by truth, as the devil is from God. None can afford to place themselves in the clutches of this monster of the Dark Ages, and all should remember that ourŁ only protection from it consists in creating:  and maintaining a clear, full, and sharply defined separation of Church and State, especially in educational work. ŠIndepend-ent Patriot, Lamoni, Iowa. SAPETY PENCIL POCKET Neat, cheap, serviceable, They perfectly secure pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it cannot fall out when stooping. Can be easily and Safely at-tached to any part of the clothing, A small invest-ment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. Russia leather, for 2 pens 44 3 44 " metal back, 2 pens, 66 a 44 Sealskin, for 2 pens, 44 it 3 ,, Russia Leather, for 4 pens Sealskin, ,, 4 64 10c. 15c. 15c. 20c. 15c. 25c. 25c. 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these-pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices, Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. Or OAKLAND, CAL. THE NEW WEBSTER. -6 c., o ca. .= .-4. ce Š ift 0  C C SUCCESSOR OF THE UNABRIDGED. Re-edited, and Reset from Cover to Cover. Sold by all Booksellers. Illustrated pamphlet free. CautionlŠCheap books called "Webster's Big Dictionary," " Webster's Encyclopedic Dictions' ry," etc., are being advertised. The bodyof these from A to Z is printed from plates made by pho. tographing the antiquated 1847 edition. The an' thentio "Unabridged" (still copyrighted) and the new "International" both bear the imprint of G.& GASSMAN& CO., Pub'rs, Springfield, Mass. AGENT WANTED AGENTS are making FROM$75 TO $150 PER MONTH.  FARMERS MAKE $200 To $500 DURING, THE WINTER LADIES have great success selling this Washer. Retail price Only sts. Sample to those desiring an agency - Also the Celebrated atalriSTONE Musician& at. manufacturers' lowest prices. We invite the strictest investigation. Send your address on a' postal card for further particulars. P,OVELL WASH ER GO. 251 Huron SLERIE,PA. Sacred Chronology, BY  y  Tms work treats of the Elements of Chronol-ogy, the different systems, and the various eras, and gives the chronology of the principal events recorded in Sacred History from the Creation till the death of St. John. It also contains a vindica-tion of the numbers of the Hebrew Scriptures. As an aid to investigation it is invaluable. The book has been thoroughly revised, and an entire chapter added, on the PEOPLING OF THE EARTH. This chapter is an exposition of the tenth chap-ter of Genesis, and gives an Outline of the beginning of History and Ł THE ORIGIN OF NATIONS. New and valuable notes have been added to the original text of the book, making it the most val-uable work on the subject of sacred chronology extant. No student of history can well do without it. It contains a vast amount of infor-mation in small space, and so far from being dry it is as interesting as a story, which it really stamp, gŁ 300 pages, cloth binding, with side $ 1 .00.  A d r e PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., as, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK OR, °AEI  AND. CAL. Illustrated Curiosity List With box of Ornamental Minerals, Indian Relics Curiosities, 10c. "Companion," Illustrated, de-scribing curiosities, 25c. year; Advertisements, lc, a word. [Mention this paper.) E. A. BROWNE, FLORENCE, ARIZONA. tiaNRION c  8` CO SciatrIAME AGENCY.for A.pamphlet of information and air  street of the laws, showing How to Obtain Patents, Caveats; Trade Marks, Copyrights, sent free. Address MUNN & CO. 361 Broadway, New York. PRICES. No. 1 No. 2 No. ,3 No. 4 No. 5 No. 6 No. 7 No. 8 25 co = C a. C WEBSTER'S INTERNATIONAL DICTIONARY GENERAL 