292 T14: AMERIC_A_N siNiiNt t. tion of the world. The flag is the emblem of our nationality, the symbol of liberty and order. They should be associated, intertwined about our altars. There is no desecration in the act. . . . There is little danger of too intimate union between Church and State. If our religion be not brought into contact with polities and business, and all the every-day concerns of life, it is not a blessing, but a curse. The assumption that Christian ministers should not intermeddle with affairs of State, is a great and dangerous heresy. . . . We have undertaken, as a Nation, to divorce the flag and the cross. . . . Would we have our Nation prosper, we must solemnize anew the union between the cross and the flag. The lecturer complained that as a Na-tion we had undertaken to divorce the flag and crossŠthe State and the Church. Of course the bill of divorce is our national Constitution. To solemnize anew the union, would be to subvert that noble charter of our liberties, under which we have enjoyed unparalleled prosperity for the past century. He speaks his mind quite plainly. He had not learned to dis-semble and prevaricate like later advo-cates of " National Reform," disclaiming all desire for a union of Church and State, and only pleading for " civil " law to en-force a religious institution. It would be more manly, not to say more like Chris-tians, to state plainly what they want, and not use deception and fraud to attain a professedly holy end. R. F. COTTRELL. The Incongruity of Religious Legisla-tion Illustrated. " Joitc," said Mr. &kith, a manufac-turer of glassware,, to his employe, whose work was to pack the goods for shipMent, " you must pack these articles so and so (prescribing the exact manner in which the work should be done), and whatever is broken in transit will be charged to your account." After some reflection, John, who had had considerable experience in packing glassware, remonstrated thus : " Mr. Smith, I think I know of a safer way to'  pack these goods, and if I am to be held responsible for the breakage, I think I should be permitted to use my own judg-ment as to how the work should be done." But Mr. Smith was inflexible, and in-formed John that he was capable of run-ning his own business, and intended to do so., All can see at once that the require-ments of Mr. Smith were unjust and un-reasonable, yet many respectable and con-scientious citizens of our country are act-ing upon the self-same principle in using their influence to induce law-making bod-ies to legislate upon religious subjects, to pass laws regulating the conduct of in-dividuals in things pertaining only to God. Ł Many fail to realize that each and every; person has a private account to settle with "the judge of all the earth," a per-sonal responsibility which cannot be re- moved by legislation. And in view of this solemn fact it is evident that every man should be left free to act according to the promptings bf his own conscience, and to bring his actions into harmony with what he understands to be the will of God concerning him, as long as his course of action does not interfere with the rights of his fellow-men. If it were possible for the civil govern-ment to assume the responsibility and to bear the consequences of the wrong ac-tions of the individual toward God when such actions were compelled by its laws, , then, and then only, could it with any de-gree of reason and justice define the duties and pass laws regulating the con-duct of individuals in religious affairs. The National Reform Association, the American Sabbath Union, and all others who are seeking for the enactment, or favoring the enforcement of Sunday laws, are working in accordance with the fore-going principles. There are people who believe that the seventh day should be kept holy in accord-ance with the commandment found in Ex-odus, chapter 20, and that " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work," is a God-given privilege (yea, duty) with which no person, organization or government has a right to interfere; and that God will hold each and every one responsible for'  the course he pursues in this, as well as in other matters. And while the seventh-day keeper must' stand the breakage, the Sunday-law ad-vocates insist that the glassware shall be packed according to their own ideas. National Reformers and others who are trying to coerce people in religious mat-ters, a method wholly foreign to the scrip-tural way, will probably find as much re-sponsibility connected with their own cases in the " day of judgment," as they will care to bear, without being entangled in the misdeeds of others. G. M. POWELL. Geneva, South Dakota. Logic and Results of Evangelization.  by Law. GOD destroyed the antediluvian world because the wickedness of man was great in the earth. Gen. 6:5-7. He rained'  fire and brimstone on Sodom and Gomor-rah because there were not ten righteous; persons in them. Gen. 18, 19. Christ;  said, " As it was in the days of. Noe, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man. . . . Likewise also as it was in the days ot Lot, . . . even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man, is revealed." Luke 17: 26-30. And Paul,  adds, " But evil men and seducers. shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and:  eing deceived." 2 Tim. 3:13. Mr. Moody evidently believes these statements, and accepts the situation. He says:Š It is no use attempting to work for this world. The old ark is going to sink, and the only thing to do is to get as many of the crew and passengers out of her as possible, and let her go down. But many professed Christians appear to be laboring under the impression that the ship can be saved. They seem to be ignorant of the fact that the heavens and the earth which are now, are, by the same word which created them, and destroyed the world once by a flood, kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judg-ment and perdition of ungodly men. 2 Peter 3 : 5-7. Seeing that wickedness abounds on every hand, they think that something must be done to check the pow-erful tide of evil. But instead of working upon the principle that the gospel is the only remedy for sin; that men can receive forgiveness of sin, be made righteous, and finally be saved only by repentance, con-version, and faith in Christ, they proceed upon the theory that these may be accom-plished, to a large degree, at least, in a sort of wholesale manner, by civil legislation. Hence they propose as a remedy for the numerous evils and increasing wickedness of the times, that the name of God be put in the Constitution; that Jesus Christ be declared the Ruler of nations; that rigid Sunday laws be enacted; that religion be taught in the public schools; that the Bible be recognized as the supreme au-thority in civil affairs; and, lastly, that all Christian laws, institutions, and usages be placed upon an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land. This movement involves two funda-mental errors ; first, that the great masses of men by some means are going to become better and better, while the great Author of Christianity and its greatest apostle de-clare that they are going to grow worse and worse, and be worst of all at last; and secondly, that the means of extending the work of the gospel and making men better, is by forcing certain religious rites and customs on them by law, which is contrary to the very nature of free moral agency and -the spirit of the gospel, which appeals to the heart, the conscience, and the understanding, and says,. "Whosoever will." If all the world- were to become con-verted to Christianity, this is not the way it would, or could be accomplished. To convert a man is to change his heart, and not merely his actions. His actions will naturally change after his heart has been changed. But only by the preaching of gospel truth accompanied by the power of the Spirit of God, can this miraculous change be wrought (Rom. 10:10-14; John 3: 1-8), and not by civil requirements en-forced by the sword. Free moral agency and the development of character require freedom of action, an opportunity to choose, a chance to exercise the will. If God had desired that man should be sim-ply a machine, governed only by external forces, he would have made him that way in the first place. But as he did not, but 