—Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever State or 'Persuasion, Feligious or Political.ﬂ VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 19, 1893. NUMBER 41. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  WILLIAM E. MC KEE. " BROTHERHOOD of man ! "Ša phrase full of promise! "Fatherhood of God !"Ša benediction upon humanity! What do these phrases mean ? Join them : " Fa-therhood of God and brotherhood of man !" They become an exultant paean to the world. THESE words, like far echoes heard from a distance, have heretofore sounded from place to place here and there around the world; but now the wandering refrain has become a chorus which in full sound-ing harmony essays, from the platform of the Parliament of Religions, to fill the whole earth with the glory of its song. Ł BUT is this a new thought ? It is not. It is as old as the world. Its written and spoken expression is as old as the Word of God to man. And its disregard is as old as the question, " Where is Abel thy brother ? " and the answer, " I know not: am I my brother's keeper ?" The very question was fatherly; implying the as-sumption of one relationship and asserting the other. The reply denied neither, but in express terms acknowledged the broth-erly tie, while repudiating its obligations. So it is that man has always, through-out these thousands of years, accepted the relationship of brotherhood with his fel-lows,Šwhen the stronger, reserving to himself the right and authority of primo-geniture; when the weaker, using the tie as an evidence of rightful claim to the charity and protection of the other. But the obligations of the relationship, what-ever acknowledgment they may have re-ceived, have never yet been sufficient to lead mankind to do each unto the other as he would have the other do to him. WHAT must follow the practical accept-ance by mankind of the fact of the father-hood of God ? It must necessarily be the  acknowledgment and acceptance of, and obedience to, all divine truth. Brother-hood with all the children of God would then necessarily and inevitably follow. But if the second clause be first admitted, brotherhood presupposes a common father, and he, being All-father, is consequently Creator and God. The two clauses of the expression answer to each other logically, as they do rhetorically. The antecedent requires its consequent, and the consequent its antecedent. Thus the action of the human mind by the unavoidable sequences of its necessary processes bring man inevit-ably to the statement of the two facts which require him in their turn to meet and fill the sphere of their demands and love his Creator-father with all his heart, soul, and mind, and his brother as himself, and the first and second great commandments, on which hang all the law and the proph-ets, have been received and acted upon. This being so what more remains ? Noth-ing; all the conditions have in this been met, for in this the divine comprehensive-ness of omniscience has condensed all the re-quirements of true religion. Of these two commandments the necessary antecedents are " the fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man." THESE two propositions, then, depend upon each other. One cannot be fully received without the other. Their entire significance is comprehended in the one word " Christianity." For that is the message of the Father to man through man's Elder Brother. Therefore he who accepts, professes, and practices the doc-trine of "the fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man " must give up all false religion, put away all false gods both within and without; all idolatry must end, there must be no more service of mammon or self ; to no false god, or idol, or selfish desire, must he bow; he must remember the name of God to keep it holy upon his lips; he must remember the clay of God to keep it holy in his life; he must care for, love, and honor his father and his mother; he must not com-mit the sin of Cain, or even cherish anger in his heart toward his brother; he must do no impurity, or even harbor an unclean thought in his mind ; he must respect his brother's property rights, never even so  much as desiring that which is his broth-er's, and 'War no false witness against him ; he must in all things give ear and credence to the Word of the Father, and love the coming of his Elder Brother. AT the Parliament of Religions there was one gospel that was possible to be preached to the full, and no warning sign be given, and that was the gospel of " the brotherhood of man." To that all gave assent, at least in theory. Pagan, Chris-tian, infidel, all struck hands in allegiance to that doctrine. Did they realize what they were doing ? Did they know to what they were committing themselves ? The pagan put forward this doctrine, supported and advocated it, with even more force, fervor, and ability than his companions; the infidel accepted it with heartiness and gladness, as a sufficient gospel; the Chris-tian received it tranquilly and joyfully, as if he thought it the returning dove which he himself had sent out. To what necessary course would this commit the pagan? It would require him, were he consistent, to give up all his gods and worship the one true God in simplicity and truth. To what would it necessarily bring the infidel and the atheist ? To an acknowledgment of the existence of God, and all which must logically follow. To what must it bring the Christian ? Either to a denial of his faith, or to self-examin-ation as to whether he be in the faith or not. For, if the pagan, the infidel, and the atheist, make " the brotherhood of man " an article of their creed, they cannot deny a common Father, and that is an acknowl-edgment of God, and Ł their unavoidable filial allegiance. And the Christian, by'  the very terms of his belief, is committed to this from the beginning. His practical application of the doctrine is then a shib-boleth by which his brothers may test the reality or the hypocrisy of his profession. At the Parliament of Religions, this test was applied fearlessly by the pagan Japanese and Chinese, and by the Chris-tian negro; and by the test popular Chris-tianity, as represented by the popular Church, and the idea of the " Christian Nation," was found utterly, utterly want-ing. Who could listen to that voice from 