AMERICAN SENTINEL. 457 late crude, and often pathetic inquiries for themselves, which would lead naturally on to the "whole gospel for the whole man." The women were encouraged to bring their children, as many could not otherwise come. The third lady would take these children into another room, or, if there was not one to spare, would go with them wherever it seemed most suitable, to spend the time with them. A little kindergarten was the natural outcome of this part of the method. Once a month the meeting would be continued into the evening, the mothers of the circle and the W. C. T. U. women taking their tea together. Some-times a general invitation was given t ) the men and women of the neighborhood, and the tea would be fol-lowed by a gospel meeting. My hostess said to me the next day after my arrival: "I would like to have you remain in your room this af-ternoon, if you will; or at least, do not come into the drawing-room until I come for you." I said: "Are you preparing a surprise for me?" She said, "If it is to be a surprise, and I answered you, I am afraid I should spoil it." "Do not speak for the world," I said. "I will remain in my room until you come for me, so as not to spoil anything." A Lesson from Two Speeches. How natural it is for false principles to skulk under the cant of formal piety! The traitor angel who was " The first That practiced falsehood under saintly show," was by no means the last. From Eden down the worst evils that have afflicted the human race have appeared in a garb of deception, and to-day the mild appearance of the lamb is belied by the harsh tones of the dragon. The new foreign policy of this country, which its' sup-porters do not hesitate to call "the policy of imperial-ism," is properly receiving at this time considerable atten-tion. It is to two speeches on this subject, delivered on June 21, that we wish to call attention. One was made by a man high in the councils of the party now in power, and who is known to be the spokesman for the adminis-tration. The other was by a man who has twice held the office of president at the head of the other great political party. The first speech was an enthusiastic announcement and indorsement of the new policy as shown in the fol-owing sentence which was received with great favor: "I doubt very much whether you and I will live to see the day when by the order of a republican administration, and surely not by the order of McKinley's administra-tion, the starry banner of your country's glory shall be pulled down from any flagstaff where conquest of arms has placed it." In striking contrast with the avowed object of the war, but not with the sentiment of this speech, is the obscurity that is thrown upon the nature of the future government of these islands that are being "set free for humanity's sake." Speaking first of Hawaii, the speaker said: "It will be the policy of the administra-tion to plant the flag of the United States at Hawaii, to occupy it and fortify it and make it a part of the terri-tory of the United States, and when the war is over we will then settle the question of what sort of a govern-ment we will have over there. . . . Let us wait. It is not important to settle the status of the Philippine Islands now. It is not important to settle the character of the government, the stable government, which we promise to Cuba." In connection with that note the fol-lowing expressions: "The diplomacy of a great Christian nation could not rescue us from war when it was decided both upon moral and material grounds to drive the Spanish flag off the Western hemisphere." Where the flag is placed "we will take, hold, fortify, and eternally, with the blessing of God, defend." And, this will all be done "patriotically, wisely, and from the standpoint of American progress and in the career that God has marked,  for us in the world." This speech is only an incident showing how religious sentiment is being connected with this new policy. The popular religious press and pulpit of the country is al-most a unit in favor of "expansion." It is to warn against this kind of piety, whether proclaimed by orators or preachers, that is our purpose here. The other speech was well headed by the newspapers, "A Note of Warning." Calmly and dispassionately it portrayed "the folly of a departure from national pur-poses and the crime of unnecessary and unjustifiable war." Here are some of the statements: "Never before in our history have we been beset with temptations so dangerous as those which now whisper in our ears allur-ing words of conquest and expansion, and point out to us fields bright with the glory of war. . . . Our gov-ernment was formed for the express purpose of creating a new world, a new nation, the foundation of which should be man's self-government, whose safety and pros-perity should be secured by its absolute freedom from old world complications, and in its renunciation of all schemes of foreign conquest. . . If, then, the sugges- tion is made that the time has come for our nation to abandon its old landmarks and to follow the light of monarchical hazards, and that we should attempt to employ the simple machinery of our popular and domes-tic government to serve the schemes of imperialism, your challenge of the proposition is entirely in order. . . . Such perversions bring in their train a people's demorali-zation and a decay of popular contentment more surely destructive to the republic than armies with banners. . . . The people whose victories are those of peace and whose immunity from armed conflict is found in their freedom from the foreign relationships that give birth to war, will not improve the quality of their national char-acter by a cheapening of their estimate of the value of peace, or by dwelling upon war and warlike preparations. 