THE _A_IVIERICAN SENTINEL. 247 NATIONAL Religious Liberty Association. A CORRESPONDENT Of a California pa-per writing from southeastern Tennessee, notes some of the same facts published in these columns last week relative to the manner in which the Sunday law is en-forced in that State, and says :Š After having spent seventeen years in California, where no Sunday law exists, and in States west of the Rocky Mountains, where none is operative, I can truthfully say that Sunday is observed there more scrupulously than here in Tennessee, with all her Sunday laws. The same correspondent testifies that the law is not enforced except against those who observe the seventh day, or in some other way render themselves relig-iously obnoxious to their neighbors; in short, the law is used as a means of relig-ious persecution pure and simple. THE Chief of Police of Hartford, Con-necticut, enforced the Sunday law against the Italian fruit stands a few weeks ago, and the result has been to arouse an in-tense religious zeal in the Italian heart, being now debarred from selling bananas on Sunday they devote this time to assist-ing in the enforcement of Sunday closing of business in general. What an effective method of Christianizing the ungodly, the National Reformers have discovered! Exhorted by City Attorney Browning the fruit dealers of Norwich, Connecticut, are also experiencing the same kind of re-ligion, with the exception of Elias Raphael, a Hebrew, whose shop is closed until sun-set on the seventh day according to the commandment of the Bible, and open all day Sunday contrary to the commandment of man. How long will it be before a Russian ukase will be asked for in the case of the Jew of Norwich ? IN view of the fact that the Methodist Church was the prime mover in the or-ganization of the American Sabbath -Un-ion, which has for one of its objects, the enactment and enforcement of Sunday laws, which will stop the running of street cars on Sunday, and all Sunday railroad trains, the statement that for five years this denomination, represented by the Chicago district, has been receiving twenty per cent. of the earnings of the Chicago and Northwestern Railroad from Sunday excursion trains, run to and from the Methodist camp-meeting, will no doubt surprise the readers of THE SENTINEL. A Presbyterian minister recently de-clared in the presence of a number of Methodist ministers that the Methodist Church was one of the chief desecrators of Sunday by their Sunday camp-meetings, and later, another Presbyterian minister, at a Union meeting on the West Side, held under the auspices of the American Sab-bath Union, in a Methodist Church, stated  that next to the Sunday newspapers, the Methodists were, by means of their camp-meetings, the worst enemies of Sunday sacredness. The Methodist ministers do not accept this statement of the situation with much grace. They retort by calling attention to the number of Presbyterians who use the street cars on Sunday. While thus pointing out each other's inconsistencies, they all arrive at beau-tiful harmony in denouncing a state of affairs which allows a seventh-day ob-server to follow Ms usual avocation on Sunday. It is but fair to state that a majority of the Methodist minister's at a recent Monday morning meeting, opposed receiving any more Sunday excursion profits, although no action was taken. MAYOR BRADLEY, of Asbury Park, New Jersey, has issued a general order for the closing of all business on Sunday. Never-theless, Sunday, July 26, the druggists sold cigars and soda water all day. The cigar and candy stores in the hotels also did a good business. A Saratoga water fountain, on property owned by Mr. Brad-ley, supplied all customers, while, until ten o'clock, Mr. Bradley's own employes rented bathing suits to all applicants, and among his patrons were many young peo-ple from Ocean Grove. The Sunday pa-pers were also sold along the beach. Any reasonable-minded person would think that the ludicrous inconsistencies, developed in the attempt to enforce Sun-day and other religious laws, would open the minds of the promoters to the civil impropriety of all such legislation; but whom the god of this world would destroy he first makes mad. 4.-411Ł-Ł  Arguments of the Donatists Against the Employment of Force in Re- ligious Matters. " DID the apostles ever persecute any one, or did Christ ever deliver any one over to the secular power ? Christ com-mands us to flee persecutors. Matt. 10 : 23. Thou who callest thyself a disciple of Christ oughtest not to imitate the evil deeds of the heathen. Think you thus to serve GodŠby destroying with your own hand ? Ye err, ye err, poor mortals, if ye believe this; for God has not execu-tioners for his priests. Christ persecutes no one; for he was for inviting, not for-cing men to the faith; and when the apostles complained to him of the found-ers of separate parties (Luke 9:50), he said to them : He who is not against us, is for us;' and so too Paul, in Philippians 1 : 18. Our Lord Christ says: ' No man can come unto me, unless the Father, who hath sent me, draw him.' But why do you not permit every man to follow his own free will, since God, the Lord him-self, has bestowed this free will on man ? He has simply pointed out to man the  way to righteousness, that none might be lost through ignorance. Christ, in dying for men, has given Christians the example to die, but not to kill. Christ teaches us to suffer wrong, not to requite it. The apostle tells of what he had endured, not of what he had done to others."ŠDonatist Bishop Petilian.ŠNeander's Church His-tory, Vol. 2, pages 247, 248, Fourteenth American Edition. " God created man free, after his own image. How am I to be deprived of that by human lordship, which God has be-stowed on me ? What sacrilege, that human arrogance should take away what God has bestowed, and idly boast of doing this in God's behalf. It is a great offense against God, when he is defended by men. What must he think of God, who would defend him with outward force ? Is it that God is unable to punish offenses against himself ? Hear what the Lord says : ' Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you; not as the world giveth, give I unto you.' The peace of the world must be introduced among contending nations by arms. The peace of Christ invites the willing with wholesome mild-ness; it never forces men against their wills. The Almighty God employed prophets to convert the people of Israel; he enjoined it not on princes; the Saviour of souls, the Lord Christ, sent fishermen, and not soldiers, to preach his faith."ŠDonatist Bishop Gaudentius.ŠIbid, page 248. THE Directors of the State Normal School at San Jose, California, passed a resolution some time ago prohibiting the reading of the Bible as a part of the exer-cises in the school. Their action Was re-ported to the Evangelical Alliance by a director who voted against the resolution, and was much pained by its adoption. The subject was brought up at the last meeting of the Alliance, and a committee was appointed to consider the matter. Rev. John Kimball, a member of the com- mittee, said recently to a reporter of the San Francisco Examiner: "The commit-tee has not met as yet, and I do not know what it will do. I have no information about the reasons for the action of the Normal School Directors, but I suppose it was only another manifestation of the policy that has left the Bible out of the public schools of the State. It is to be re-gretted very much that the Directors took such action. The Normal School trains the teachers who are to take charge of the education of the children of the State, and they ought to be fitted to give the children moral and religious education." THE National Religious Liberty Associ-ation will hold its next regular annual meeting at Battle Creek, Michigan, Au-gust 13, 1891. The importance of the work of the Association is becoming more and more apparent. All the mem-bers are delegates, and we trust that a good representation will be present. By Order of the Executive Board, A. 0. TAIT, Cor. Sec'y. 