THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 133 your earnest co-operation. But here and now, allow me to declare that I am opposed to this measure and all like" measures. I do not believe that the State should aid any institutions other than regular State institutions, which are under the supervision and full control of the State. Any other course is a virtual union of Church and State; it is virtually taxing those who are opposed to Christianity, or given forms of it to support institutions under the control of those advocating and teaching that to which the tax-payers, or a portion of them, are conscientiously opposed. This is contrary Łto the spirit of our free institutions. With kind regards of all at the Home, I am yours in Christ. This letter must commend itself to every unprejudiced person as being thoroughly sensible and Christian. This gentleman is engaged in a Christian work which he is doing in a Christian way and which he desires to see supported by Christian be- nevOlence2 Ł Mr. Lemon also publishes a paper for the orphanage called the Christian, Home, and in an article in that paper of March 20, he says :Š We had every reason to believe that we could secure the $5,000 in question. . . . We frankly admit, therefore, that when we first heard of the Matter, we were greatly elated; as it was natural Ł that we should be. But as soon as we had time to calmly consider the matter, taking it to the Lord in prayer, we felt impressed by the Spirit that it would be a very wicked thing for us to accept of the proffered aid, for the accepting of State aid by institutions of the character of the Home is a virtual union of Church and State, as all must admit who calmly consider the matter. The Home, of course, doeS not pretend to be a church; but, in its aims arid work, it is so akin to the Church that, as far as -the principle involved in this matter is concerned, no line of distinction can be drawn. Shall we, then, dear Christian fellow-laborers, simply for the sake of Mammon, doubting God our Father, help to encourage the union of Cluirch and State y Had we, dear fellow-workers, accepted this aid, our voice would have been. silenced; and we could never, henceforth, have uttered a protest against the growing tendency of State Legislatures granting away the people's money by hundreds of thousands to all sorts of private and sectarian Charities that chance to have influence enough_ to secure appropriations, thus doing indirectly what they dare not do directlyŠlegislating in favor of the union of Church and State. In short, by ac-cepting this aid we would have permitted Satan to have bought us with a price, so that we could never henceforth, with any show of consistency, have uttered a word against the union of Church and State. All honor, say we to one who thus stands for Christian principle ! We feel assured that the Council Bluffs, Iowa, Christian Home is in. good hands, and that the orphans who find a refuge there will be instructed in a manner that will tend to make them substantial Christian men and women that will not need the aid of the State or of the civil law to enable them to live out.  their Christian convictions. There is power in a religion that is not afraid to stand alone, and that will boldly say, Our trust is in God. The ministers of the National Reform , Association and the American Sabbath Union should profit by. the example of Mr. Lemen and :learn to put their trust. in God" rather than:  in the State. The Blair Sunday Bill. THE bill in its present form is objection-able and should, and probably will be, summarily rejected by Congress. It is objectionable because it contemplates a union of religion with the Government through legislation, and the experience of history proVes that such a union is adul-terous in character and defiling alike to religious and secular affairs. What is more to the point, it is contrary to the fundamental principles of our system and to the national Constitution, which has guaranteedŠnot toleration, but absolute religious freedom, so far as Congress has power to legislate. . The United States republic made several distinct departures from previous experi-ences in government, but none exceeded in its vital consequence to humanity and in its relation to our national progress the severance of priestcraft and every shade of theocracy from our civil system. We have demonstrated that the absolute severance of organic religion from the State produces the greatest prosperity and the best results for both interests. The churches of no country have equal vitality with those of the United States, and in proportion to the influence that the Church has on the State affairs of any nation its religion will be found to be debased and stupefied, vice among its people rampant, and morality at a low ebb. The reader who will apply this statement to the nations in detail will conclude that nothing is so blighting to a nation's morality, or so demoralizing to its religion, as an alliance of its ecclesiastical power with the State. The absolute sever-ance of so corrupting a connection is the most vital characteristic of our Govern-ment. No higher authority is recognized by the United States, as such, than the will of the people ; as the fathers declared, " Gov-ernments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed." Lincoln ex-pressed the American idea when he said this is " a Government of the people, by the people and for the people." Our Gov-ernment was formed and exists for the purposes of this world, and the affairs of the supernatural world were left to the individual conscience. Obviously under such a system there can be no legislation affecting religious belief or controlling ac-tion in the interest of any religion. Such legislation would imply force and to secure effect would require force, which would be persecution. Who wants to go back to that ? Has not history been blackened enough in that way ? Is not the record made by the Church in its ages of power mainly responsible for the present sev-erance of a large proportion of the Chris-tian world from Christianity ? It is true that in practice the principles of this Government have in certain partic-ulars been violated, but the violations have been without warrant and cannot be de- fended as matters of right. We have reached a period when it will be wise to check farther advance in the wrong direc-tion. The secular character of the Govern-ment cannot be too clearly recognized or too emphatically maintained. The found-ers of the Nation left the management of temporal things to the temporal power, and gave freedom of religion to allŠnot to Christians only, but to all whose form of belief does not conflict with the moral instincts of our civilization, a test of which may be had by a comparison with an authoritative criminal code. In 1796 a treaty made by the United States with Tripoli and drawn up by a Congregational clergyman declared that "the Government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion," and it was signed by President Washington. The incident forcibly illustrates the senti-ment of the time as to the secular nature of the Government ; nor does it indicate an unfriendly feeling but on the contrary re-spect for religion and a desire to avoid an association that had always been defiling to both Church and State. "The Ameri-can Constitution, in harmony with the people of the several States," says Mr. Bancroft, in his History of the Constitu-tion of the United States, " withheld from the Federal Government the power to in-vade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul; and not from indifference, but that the infinite spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom and purity of power." The Blair Sunday bill should be killed, because the good points it embraces would not justify the risk of such a precedent in legislation even were its defects removed, being confessedly a religious movement and -to serve religious purposes.ŠRocky Mountain News, February 9. Some Good Resolutions. WE wish the Woman's National Liberal Union were as sound in all its statements and all its principles, as it is in the follow- ing resolutions which were adopted at its Washington Convention. These resolti- tions are good. We wish we could say as much of everything that was said, in the Convention, but we are glad that there is so much that is so good. 'May these principles permeate the organiza- tion until all shall be alike good :Š Resolved, That it is essential to the life of the Re-public that the purely civil character of the Gov-ernment be maintained and that Church and State be forever kept separate; that the legal foundation of our Government is not any creed of Christendom, nor any authority of the Church, nor a divine rev-elation, but it is simply the consent of the governed ; that the State has niA grown out of the Church,. but should outgrow the need of any Church and be henceforth and forever independent of the Church. . . Resolved, That the efforts now made by the Chris-tian party to bring- religion into politicS in order to place. a religious amendment in the Conaitution of the United States, must be resisted, because the 