636 AMERICAN SENTINEL. sand lawyers about six hundred and fifty; and the majority of the medical professors, that place Vienna in medical science at the head of the cities of the world, are Jews; while the greater part of the daily newspapers, and the bulk of the trade, wholesale and retail, are con-trolled by Jews. The fight will still be long. These anti-Jews are playing, of course, into the hands of the Roman Catho-lics. It is affirmed that nearly all the celebrated pro-fessors from Germany are abandoning their chairs at Austrian universities, while most of the German pro-fessors who have had chairs offered them in Austria have refused them. These enormities, it is believed, will bring about a tremendous collapse in a short time. A BROOKLYN cleryman, Dr. A. J. Lyman, has defined the occasion upon which war is just and right. We quote his words:Š "The sentiment of American Christianity forbids all wars except for two purposesŠto define freedom or pro-cure it. To create for mere political reasons an Amer-ican dependency in the Pacific would be a deplorable misuse of American cannon. But to meet the emergen-cies which the Spanish created, and to establish law and order in these islands, to introduce civilization that these people may be forever free, and able ultimately to govern themselvesŠthis sentiment, which from the standpoint of the politician may seem an utopian dream, is from the standpoint of Christian patriotism the only practical excuse for prosecuting a war in the Philippine Islands." Ł But it is the politicians and not the "Christian pa-triots" who are prosecuting the war; and they are doing it not with the expectation of realizing an utopian dream of Philippine civilization, but of securing mate-rial commercial advantages in the islands and upon the mainland of Asia. The Work of Greed. [From "The Harvest of Greed," by John Clark Ridpath, LL.D., in the World's Harvest Number of the "Signs of the Times."] GREED fills the granaries of the world with the threshed-out hopes and virtues of mankind. Greed has hedged the way of aspiration and made the sincere truth of life read like a lie. In the lexicon of gain, truth and falsehood are the same word. In the Decalogue of Greed, the word not is nine times omitted, and in the fifth commandment the not is inserted! In the New Testament of Greed, the place of the Sermon on the Mount is marked only with a foot note, which reads: "Omitted for business reasons." By Greed, the Declara-tion of Independence and the Rights of Man have been placed on the Index Expurgatorious; and by Greed the Farewell Address and the Emancipation Proclamation are declared taboo. By Greed the free, outdoor, industrious life of the American people has been converted into a life of tur-moil, beginning in competition and ending in fraud and  faro. By Greed the great Palaces of the Avenue have been substituted for the humble homes of the people, and by Greed the doors and windows of the palaces have been nailed up while the occupants have gone off yacht-ing to Norway and Venice. Within a single square mile of the City Hall, more than three hundred thousand hu-man bodies are left to swelter and three hundred thou-sand souls are left to starve through all the burning months of summer, while the cool sea washes but a few furlongs away, and the hills of Westchester are green and the sky bends blue over the Tappan Zee and the Catskills. Pointed Paragraphs. IF we try to shoot God into the Filipinos it is only a question of time until the issue will be transferred here, and we will be shooting our particular creeds into one another for the glory of the Lord.ŠW. J. Bryan. WAR is not America's greatest triumph. It is the civic purpose. In Washington we saw that purpose su-perbly embodied, brought it war or brought it peaceŠthe resolve to live our national life as best beseemed us, to do the best for the human kind and give a model of elevation and devotion to the world ridden by outworn oligarchies and narrowed in human opportunities. That purpose is our inheritance.Š The Criterion. INDEPENDENCE granted the Transvaal and inde-pendence granted the Philippines would greatly increase the respect of the world for the United States and Great Britain. These two nations can not be leaders in the highest civilization if they are to be controlled by greedy schemers and sham patriots who are so lacking in moral sense that they are altogether unmindful of the demands of simple justice.ŠSt. Louis Post-Dispatch. MANY of the British delegates to the Congregational Council in this country have some strong ideas concern. ing the destiny of the race they belong to. One of them, Alfred J. Shepard, a member of the London School Board, announced in an address in New York the other evening:Š "God has cast on the Anglo Saxon race the great responsibility of governing the world, and there is no doubt that we shall be able to do it well." The whole world! That means all Europe,ŠFrance, Germany, RussiaŠas well as Africa, Asia, and the scat-tered isles of the sea. It may be said that Mr. Shepard spoke with oratorical license, but that is not so. One of the most interesting facts of the time is the honest belief which has grown up among Englishmen that their race is really destined to rule the world. Imagine for a moment what must happen before that end can be achieved. The iron and steel market ought to boom for a thousand years on the warship demand and the requirements of military armament.ŠSpringfield Repub-lican. 