THE AMERICAN SENTINEL 183 NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. AT the Illinois State Prohibition Convention lately held at Springfield, Ill., a resolution was adopted declaring in favor of closing the World's Fair on Sunday. These Prohibitionists are looking for-ward to fusion with the National Reformers, the American Sabbath Unionists, and all their follow-ing, through which to hold the balance of political power and control legislation, State and national. A DISPATCH from the Presbyterian Assembly in session at Pittsburg, says :Š The United Presbyterian General Assembly here to-night, by adopting the report of its committee on reform, characterized the exclusion of Chinese from America as unchristian, unpatriotic, and a monstrous injustice. The President's signature to such a bill was pro-nounced to be an evidence that he was not a Chris-tian. In reference to the events of the past year it said: " The most significant thing is the decision of the United States Supreme Court that weŁ are a Christian Nation. The President has no longer a valid excuse for refusing the recognition of Christianity in his annual Thanksgiving proclama-tion. This touches the key-note of the political religion of which Justice Brewer's decision is the legal expression. AND this, from the Mail and Express, runs the whole gamut of " religion is politics " :Š Stupid Intolerance IŠThe spectacle of a handful of religionists sitting at Pittsburg pronouncing Benjamin Harrison " not a Christian" because, perchance, he differs with them as to a Chinese policy, would be shocking were it not also amusing. Such incidents cast discredit on the Church uni-versal. Probably not one in twenty of the men and women who voted on the resolution, know even the outline of this Nation's dealing with the Chinese. The Mail and Express has led in the movement to secure the Celestials their rights, but we respect honest opinions, we recognize the exigencies of statecraft, and we deprecate any anticipation of the differentiation of sheep and goats, especially when so enlightened and earnest a Christian as Benja-min Harrison is side-tracked with reprobates. This is politico-religious consistency. THE movement for Sunday closing of the World's Fair is attracting attention in France. A Protes-tant clergyman in Paris is quoted as expressing the following views:Š On theological grounds, I do not think that op-position Gan be made to opening of exhibitions in general. Local considerations, however, may make it preferable that the Chicago Exposition be closed on Sundays. If the majority of pious citizens are scandalized by the opening of the Fair on Sunday, it certainly ought not to be opened that day. Speaking as a European, who has studied both theology and political economy, I point out that on Sunday the working classes, free from labor, can visit the Fair without loss of money. Sunday opening is not really opposed to piety. As an expression of views this is exquisitely Paris-ian. It antagonizes no one, and delicately and gracefully sides with both parties, or all parties, to the controversy. THE following " special " from Racine, Wis., is an evidence of the activity which is everywhere being infused into the " Sunday-law war " by the recent utterances of court and Congress at Wash-ington: " The Citizens' League was victorious in its first case against the baseball players to-day. Peter Herman, catcher for the Racines, was found guilty and paid a nominal fine. Mayor Case was the first witness. The district attorney asked him if he was present at the ball game last Sunday. The Mayor refused to answer, for the reason that it might have a tendency to criminate himself. The justice said that he might answer, but he still refused, when the district attorney asked that he be committed to jail for contempt. Then Mayor Case left the court room, but was soon brought back by the sheriff and answered some questions  that would in no wise criminate him. Two detec-tives employed by the Citizens' League from the Illinois Detective Agency, then testified that they had been present at the game and had secured the names of the players. The other ball-players under arrest will plead guilty and pay their fines in the morning. After the trial the detectives were insulted on the street and threatened with violence, and are now under the protection of the officers. It is also learned that the detectives visited saloons last Sunday and that several arrests will follow in a few days. " The Sunday-observance law war is expected to be more exciting than last summer, as out-door sports and picnics will be strictly prohibited within the city limits on the Sabbath day." IT would seem from this Associated Press dis-patch, that the Federation of Labor proposes to stand directly for the Sunday opening of the World's Fair, without reference to the principle of non-interference, which is the only sound basis of protest :Š The American Federation of Labor has come out flatly in favor of the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday. Samuel Gompers, the President of the Federation, has addressed a circular letter to all the trades unions in the United States, urging them to use whatever influence they each may have to secure the opening of the Fair on Sunday. He claims that this is the only day on which a large majority of workingmen can visit the great Expo-sition. However, it does not follow that, because Mr. Gompers' circular is so represented, it does ignore the real question at issue. Indeed, it is very cer-tain that Mr. Gompers would not advocate the antithesis of Sunday-closing legislation and ask for Sunday-opening legislation. THE United States has by no means a monopoly of the discussion of the Sunday question, as is shown by the following cable to the New York Sun. " The members of the corporation of London had a heated discussion to-day, lasting three hours, over the question of opening the Guildhall Art Gallery on Sundays. Numerous petitions for such action has been received from trade unions, Sun-day societies, and various other sources, while protests against the proposed change have come from other quarters in great numbers. At to-day's meeting, when a vote was reached, the petitions for Sunday opening were rejected, but by a majority so narrow as to furnish a surprising proof of the growth of liberal ideas, for the corporation is the embodiment of political and religious bigotry. During the debate those who favored Sunday opening cited the action of the Archbishop of Can-terbury in personally attending the opening on Sunday of a picture gallery in the Whitechapel district some time ago. They also pointed to the fact that the Bishop of Rochester is advocating the opening of public art galleries, museums and libra-ries on the Sabbath. They argued that a course of action approved by such eminent lights of religion as these could not be far wrong." THE Seventh-day Baptists of the United States have entered the following earnest protest against legislation by Congress in reference to Sunday at the World's Fair. The memorial has been intro-duced in both Senate and House, and copies sent to each senator and congressman. A MEMORIAL AGAINST NATIONAL SUNDAY LEGISLA- TION. To the Honorable, The Senate of the United States : IN view of the fact that your honorable body is urged to forbid the opening of the Columbian Ex-position on Sundays by national law; and because such legislation is sought in order to protect Sunday as a religious institution, under the deceptive plea of enforcing only the " Civil Sabbath " ; therefore the undersigned, officers of the American Sabbath Tract Society, which represents thousands of citi-zens who are Seventh-day Baptists, earnestly peti-tion and respectfully urge, that your honorable body do not thus enter upon the work of legislat- ing concerning religious questions Your petition-ers believe that such a law would be contrary to the principles of religious freedom, and 'the entire separation of Church and State, upon which the national Government of the United States is based. In support of this we beg leave to recall atten-tion to the report upon a similar question made to the second session of the Twentieth Congress, and communicated to the Senate by Hon. Richard M Johnson on the nineteenth of January, 1829, in which report it was truthfully said: " If the principle is once established, that reli-gion or reltgious observances shall be interwoven with our legislative acts, we must pursue it to its ulti-matum." In the corresponding report, also by Mr. Johnson, ,In to the House of Representatives, at the first session of the Twenty-first Congress, March fourth and fifth, 1830, it was further said : "If Congress shall by authority of law sanction the measure recommended, it would constitute a legislative decision of a religious controversy, in. which even, Christians are at issue." Your petitioners submit that the correct position taken at that time, with reference to the mail ser-vice, demands even fuller recognition at this time, and in the matter of the Columbian Exposition. We urge our prayer in the name of religious lib-erty, and the non-interference of Congress, di-rectly or indirectly, in religious matters. In behalf of the Seventh-day Baptists of the United States, and of all lovers of religious liberty, We have the honor to remain, your obedient servants. ARTHUR L. TITSWORTH, CHARLES POTTER, Bea Sec' y. President. THE Pittsburg Dispatch publishes, under the display head, " Sunday Soda Water Sold to Ten Thousand Persons in a Market Street Drug Store," this article, which is very suggestive of the inten-sity which this controversy is already attaining, even from a point of view measurably outside of its religious aspect:Š " Ten thousand people slaked their Sunday thirst at a Market Street drug store yesterday, and Law and Order Agent McClure was powerless to punish them or the plucky dealer. The proprietor, William T. Espy, did not shut off the soda-water fountain, nor the cigar cases, at midnight on Saturday, as has been the custom, and never a moment from that time until Sunday midnight was the clerk behind the counter idle. "During the early Sunday hours there was a continual coming and going of the thirsty ones, and after nine o'clock, when the people began to turn out to the churches and elsewhere, it became necessary to increase the force of clerks to five men, including the cashier, Mr. Espy himself. From that time until after midnight the store was continually crowded. Several barrels of soda water, and many boxes of cigars were sold, besides the regular sale of drugs permitted by the Blue,Laws. People of all classes of society were among the thirsty patrons, and as he had announced through the newspapers and by large placa'rds on the store windows that he was selling, people went squares out of their way to show by their presence the support they were willing to give. Business and professional men of all branches seemed happy to avail themselves of the opportunity to slake their thirst on Sunday, and at least a dozen preachers were among the crowd that thronged the store during the day. At times the crowd was so great that The capacity of the store was taxed to hold them, and well-known ousiness men of high stand-ing were observed waiting for from ten to fifteen minutes to be served. "In order to prevent a vexatious suitŁ by the highly moral young men who go around for the Law and Order Society, a friend of Mr. Espy's went before a down-town alderman at midnight and entered a suit against him for violating the Blue Laws by selling soda water, cigars and other prohibited articles on Sunday. The suit was entered and notice served inside of five minutes after the clock had turned the hour of midnight. By this the Law and Order Society is cut off from any of the fines and costs they so dearly love to rake in, as only one suit can be entered for the vio-lations of one day. " Mr. Espy last night said: I do not defy the Law and Order Society. I appreciate the necessity of giving the people some refreshment on Sunday. The fact that ten thousand people patronized myplace to-day shows that such a place is a necessity, and I have been assured by hundreds of the best men in the city to-day of their entire support. So long as my receipts are as large as they were to-day I will continue to sell and pay my fine regularly, and if any pressure is brought against me I have money enough to take the case to the Supreme Court.' " 