138  AMERICAN SENTINEL. wont, N. Y., also, it will be remembered, the State au-thorities to whom appeal was made, decided that the reading of the Bible in the opening exercises, to which the Catholic parents objected, was a violation of the school law. An Open Letter to the Governor of New Hampshire. Lisbon, N. H., February, 1900. ¥ To THE CHIEF MAGISTRATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, Gov-ERNOR ROLLINS, Dear Sir: I trust the importance of the matter un-der considerations will be deemed by your Excellency a good and sufficient reason why I, an humble citizen, should address you in such manner at this time. Having read your last Thanksgiving proclamation, and that unique and famous fast-day proclamation, I consider that we have therein good evidence of your great interest in the welfare of the people of this state. Though myself belonging to a denomination of Christian disciples, who, in common with a large per-centage of Protestants, believe in the immutability of God's great moral law, which is summarily contained in the commandments (Ex. 20), but who unlike nearly all other. Protestants, believe in keeping these same precepts exactly as they are written; I do not write you as a representative of any class or society, but in-dependently, as an individual who believes that no civil enactment should deprive any citizen in this great Republic, and in this "free State," of the privilege to worship God according to his or her own conscience; and especially when that worship is in perfect accord with the expressed teaching of God's Word. If you have given this subject no particular thought, you, no doubt will be surprised to learn that one of the statutes of this State makes it a crime for me, or any other citizen to keep the fourth commandment exactly, or indeed at all, as it is written. "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day [not the first] is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work." Ex. 20:8-11. If any humble citizen believes the first day of the week is the Sabbath "accord-ing to the commandment," let no man, the pope, nor any body of men, not even our legislators, deny him his God-given right, to worship as he himself thinks he ought. On the other hand, when the highest law in the universe permits me, even commands me, to work upon the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth days of the week (but not on the seventh), how can I, as a servant of the Most High, obey a law even of New Hampshire, which commands me not to work upon the first day of the week? How can I, or anybody else, obey the divine law as  it is, and at the same time, keep the Sunday law of this or any other State? Even though I, or any other citizen, should never suffer by the enforcement of this Sunday law; yet it is certainly far from justice. It is wrong in the extreme, that any one who chooses to obey God, exactly as he commands, should by any law of this State, be made a criminal and liable to prosecution for so doing. Trusting that, as the chief magistrate of this State, you will give this matter the attention its importance demands, and use your influence towards bringing the laws of this State into harmony with that principle of our national Constitution which declares that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;" there-by suppressing the evils that inevitably result from religious legislation, I am Yours for civil and religious liberty, G: E. JUDD. Popular Blindness. IT is surprising to see how many good people are led to smother their natural feelings of kindness and sympathy for the oppressed, and seek to justify this Government and England in fighting weaker peoples, while clinging to the delusive idea that the gospel may be advanced by such means. Many are weighing the situation; and were the higher sensibilities of their own hearts to prevail, they would decide in favor of those who are fighting for their rights, and against those who are fighting only for gain and glory. But glowing and misleading presentations hide the true issues, and right is lost sight of. To hope that the cause of righteousness may be served by the same means which minister to pride, av-arice, and oppression, is to build upon the sand. Your readers are much indsbted to the SENTINEL for standing guard over the dearest rights of mankind, and for portraying the inwardness and the outcome of the evil theory that "might makes right.." CLIFFORD G. HOWELL. Brighton, Mich., Feb. 12. ~-   A Mistaken Calling for, Christians. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: The anti-saloon league in Denver, Col., headed. by Rev. R. A. Chase, is working hard to have the midnight and Sunday-closing ordin-ance enforced. Rev. Chase and his secretary are visiting saloons and gambling houses as spies, and have already brought before the district attorney about fifty indict-ments, and they purpose to keep at it until they succeed in stopping all of this bad work going on after midnight or on Sunday. 