488 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the sake of a little glory and a little gain, a little prestige and a little trade, have injured their reason, their re-sponsibility, and their manhood, by proclaiming the sickly, sentimental doctrine of fatalism. Do men realize what will follow when the conviction becomes settled that there is no standard by which to condemn the guilty or justify the obedient? "The ex-periment has been tried. Terriblewere the scenes enacted in France when atheism became the controlling power. It was then demonstrated to the, world that to throw off the restraints which God has imposed is to accept the rule of the cruelest of tyrants. When the standard of righteousness is set aside, the way is open for the prince of evil to establish his power in the earth." It was an apostate church that brought atheism and ruin upon France and it is apostate churches that are to day bringing atheism and ruin upon the world. End of the Siberian Exile System. New York " Sun." THREE hundred and eight years have elapsed since the first decree of banishment to Siberia was pro-nounced. In that time 1,500,000 persons have been sent on the long road, many of them hardened criminals, others outcasts or ne'er do-wells, often more unfortu-nate than criminal, and still many others the victims of their religious or political opinions. Dissenters from the orthodox faith, the advocates of a constitution for the State, and cranks, have been mingled by the scores of thousands with those whose offenses against society deserved the severest punishment. All marched in the common chain gangs over the bleak route that became a two-years' journey by the time Russia reached the eastern ocean. The first arrivals after an advance of the frontier were gangs of convicts. If one asks where the Siberian exiles have been chiefly kept the answer is, "Anywhere in that vast domain where Russian soldiers have carried their flag." Whether sent away for their country's good or the victims of their government's in-justice, the exiles have marked by their presence every successive stage of Russia's advance to the Amur. The present czar has decided to close this long chap-ter of Siberia's history as a penal colony. He shares the opinion which his father and grandfather held, that this degrading use should no longer be made of a vast and splendid territory. There is plenty of honest labor now with which, to build the roads and fortresses, work the mines and till the government lands, services for which the compulsory labor of chain gangs has been em-ployed. When Russia is inviting millions of her subjeCts to spread over Siberia and make the wilderness teem and blossom, she can scarcely continue to send among them the refuse of the western quarter of the empire. The tramp class, composed chiefly of escaped convicts, have already treated some of the new settlements to very unpleasant experiences. Russia is on the point of relieving Siberia from the odium of being a penal colony, just as, long ago, she relieved the governments of Perm and Orenburg from it, and as England relieved Austra-lia. . . . The progress of Siberia, due to the great railroad now two-thirds completed, the improvement of river navigation, the opening of large areas to farming and mining enterprises, and the influx of hundreds of thou-sands of settlers, has brought about a new era. The population this year is over 6,000,000, and 600,000 emigrants have poured into the country since the begin-ning of 1896. So large a transference of settlers from one part to another of the same country has never been witnessed before in so short a time. These pioneers are Russian peasants, and many of them have been assisted by the government to remove to virgin lands where they may secure larger farms. They are beginning to develop the vast resources of the country. Last year there was more wheat for export than found transportation' though economists do not count upon Siberia as a world's wheat producer, believing that as the country fills, the wheat-growing area will be fully taxed to sup-ply the home demand. Industries are keeping pace with agriculture. . . . The czar's commission to devise a plan to replace the transportation of criminals to Siberia by other pun-ishments held its first meeting on June 21. The details of the proposed change require much attention. For some time the foot journey of the convict bands has been greatly shortened by the railroad. The time seems near when the journey will not be made at all. Jefferson's Prophecy. BESIDES, the spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt; our people careless. A single zealot may commence persecution, and better men be his victims. It cannot too often be repeated that the time for fixing every essential right on a legal basis is while our rulers are honest, and ourselves united. From the conclusion of this war we shall be going down hill. It will not then be necessary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be forgotten, there-fore, and their rights disregarded. They will forget themselves, but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of uniting to effect a due respect for their rights. The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long; will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in a convulsion.ŠJefferson, Notes on Virginia. _-4  "Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." 