784 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 14, 1899. THIS issue of the SENTINEL is espe cially good to use in missionary work. Cannot you use some extra copies in this way? WE devote considerable space in this issue to a report of the National Reform convention held in this city, December 5-7. Probably no con-vention ever held by this organiza-tion gave more encouragement to its adherents of the ultimate success of their plans. Do not skip this report because it is lengthy. You need the information it gives of the ideas, the workings, and the pur-poses of this religio-political cru-sade. VERY little attention was paid to the N. R. convention- by the city dailies, only the merest reference being made by them at any time to theproceedings. Nor did the attend-ance at the meetings indicate any interest in them on the part of the people of the city. Why then attach any importance to it? some one may inquire. Suppose the speakers did make strong statements about their ,desire for laws to enforce religion: what of it? Are they not too small a body to make any impression upon national affairs? The National Reform Association itself, we reply, numerically consid-ered, is insignificant enough; and if the movement for religious legisla-tion had been pushed by it alone during the years it has been in prog-ress, it would have amounted to very little. But this association has been furnishing the leaven which has been gradually leavening the whole religious world. New reform organ-izations have been springing up rap-idly of late years, which have raised aloft the National Reform standard and are pushing it rapidly to the front; and these organizations num-ber their members by the million. The call for this New York conven-tionŠfor illustrationŠwas signed by the Rev. F. E. Clark, the presi-dent of the Christian Endeavor Soci-ety, all of whose two and a half mill-ion members are willing to follow where "father" Clark may lead. Two or three such organizations as this, the W. C. T. II., or the Epworth League, may unite and ask about what they will of the Government, and it will be granted. at 111A-statatatatatatat.,4atatatatatatatatatat % its % THE time is at hand when the lc It Ig‚ tt, one question above all others %t  % g Ł is being asked, "What will is 14 tl make a suitable pres- 14 t1 tt  ent?" Our answer is "The t It Post." To those who wish 't. % I; tt a good fountain pen, or who cs, /1  have in mind making an ac-It  % ceptable present, the Post It. tt 51 It. leaves nothing to be desired. It  % Ł Pen and paper for $2.50. If lc, 14 vg desired we will send the SENTI- Ir. NEL to one address and the k 14 131 Pen to another. U. %lc See last week's SENTINEL. It. % k WetfavatWarseletertese'leteteseteW ic ON another page will be found an instructive article on the nature of alliances, which becomes timely just now in view of the alliance that ap-pears to have been practically con-summated between this Republic and one or more monarchies of the Old World. We speak of it as a sign of the times, and what we have -po say regarding the nature of national al-liances will make its significance more apparent. Concerning one of the most famous of alliancesŠthe "Holy Alliance," formed in the early part of the centuryŠof which the article speaks, this mention is made by the " Encyclopaedia Britan-nica":Š "The emperors of Austria and Rus-sia and the king of Prussia also entered into a 'Holy Alliance,' by which they bound themselves to re-main united in fife bonds of true and brotherly love, to mutually help and assist each other, to govern their people like fathers of families, and to maintain religion, peace, and jus-tice in their dominions. This alli-ance, beautiful in theory, was made, in fact, the means of maintaining absolute power in the hands of the rulers, and of suppressing free insti-tutions and almost every form of liberty among the people." Vol.III, p. 135. Alliances are still beautiful in the-ory, but in that only. .5s ON another page we print an arti-cle showing why the example of Nehemiah as an enforcer of Sabbath observance is not to be followed by the nations of the world to-day. There is a vast difference between the theocratic government under which Nehemiah lived, and the "powers that be" at the present time. The claim is made by some who want a theocracy set up to-day, that "the preachers are the suc-cessors of the prophets," and ought therefore to define and enforce what is right as Nehemiah and others did in ancient times. But a man-made theocracy, with self appointed rulers in the place of the prophets an-ciently appointed by the Lord, is not what this or any other country needs to promote its welfare to-day. THERE was one ground of objec-tion to the Sunday newspaper stated at the convention which was entirely valid, at least as regards the aver-age Sunday paper; and that was the objection made by Mr. Anthony Comstock, who said they were filled with illustrations and reading mat-ter which he would be unwilling to put into the hands of any youth. From our own observations we know this to be true of most of the Sunday papers in this city. The SENTINEL is altogether in sympathy with Mr. Comstock's efforts to guard the pathway of youthful innocence against the lurking insidious mon-ster of vice. 