100 THE AMERICAN 8ENTINEL,. proper on Sunday must be necessary. The old Puritans may have demanded to know why it was necessary for a man to kiss his wife on the first day of the week, and as nobody could tell, or prove to a dem-onstration that the kissing could not be done just as well and. effectively on Mon-day, made a law prohibiting kissing on Sunday.. The same principle is involved in laws against Sunday newspapers. Ł The Golden Rule as Applied to the Question of Sunday and the World's Fair. [This article is a synopsis of a sermon by Rev. G. W. Ballenger, Pastor of the First Evangelical Church, South Chicago, published in the South Chicago Daily Republican, of March 7.] IN discussing the question of Sunday closing at the World's Fair, I shall take for my text the Golden Rule: "All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." In this statement of Christ's is the embodiment of the principle which should govern all the relations of man to his fellow-men: for he immediately adds, " For this the law and the prophets." Believing this to be the basis of Christian action, I am led to consider the following petition, which is being quite generally circulated by those who favor Sunday closing :Š The United States Senate and House of Repre-sentatives, the Columbian Directory and Commis-sion, the Commissioners and Lady Managers and their alternates : We earnestly petition you to do your part to close the World's Fair on the Sabbath, in accordance with the law of God, the rights of men, and the precedents of American history. The Christian citizens of this country would universally oppose this petition, and rightly, too, if it asked that the Fair be closed on Saturday and was signed by Hebrew citizens. Has the Christian any more right to close the Fair against the Jew in the interests of the Christian reli-gion than has the Jew to close it against the Christian in the interests of his reli-gion ? The first basis given in the petition for Congress to act upon in closing the Fair on. Sunday is the "law of God." Of the three reasons given in the petition, this is the one around which the contending forces in this discussion mass their argu-ments. On the one hand we have a class, full of religious fervor and zeal, demand-ing that the Fair be closed in. accordance with their faith and practice. While on the other hand we have another class equally as numerous and fully as fervent, but differing in sentiment, asking that the Fair be opened according to their views and convictions. Both classes are equal before the civil law; because as a Government we recog-nize neither sect nor creed, but main-tain a total separation of Church and State. Hence, asking the Government to close the Fair in accordance with the law of God (or the petitioners' interpretation of the law), is asking the Government to  lend its aid in favor of one interpretation of the moral law. Asking Congress there-fore to close the Fair on Sunday in accord-ance with the law of God, is asking it to do something which it is forbidden to do by the Constitution, the First Amendment of which reads, "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of reli-gion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The petitioners seem to have lost sight of the fact that it is not in the province or jurisdiction of the Government to legislate upon the law of God. That the petition-ers are departing from the fundamental principles upon which our Government is based, in thus asking governmental aid in support of their views of the law of God is evident from the following : " We are teaching the world," said James Madison, " that religion flourishes in greater purity without than with the aid of Govern-ment."ŠLetter of James Madison to Ed-ward Livingston, July 10, 1822. Again he says : " Religion is not in the purview of human government. Religion is essentially distinct from government and exempt from its cognizance. A con-nection between them is injurious to both." The United States Senate as early as 1829 was called upon to take action in a case similar to this. They were petitioned to discontinue Sunday mails, and the fol-lowing are quotations from the Senate report on the petitions, which was sub-mitted to the Senate and indorsed Jan. 19, 1829 :Š We are aware that a variety of sentiment exists among the good citizens of this country on the sub-ject of the Sabbath day, and our Government is designed for the protection of one as much as another. . . . With these views Congress can not interfere. It is not the legitimate sphere of the Legislature to determine what religion is true and what is false. Our Government is a civil and not a religious institution. . . . Among all the religious persecutions with which modern history is stained, no victim has ever suf-fered but for violation of what government denom-inated the law of God. To prevent a similar train of evils in this country the Constitution has wisely withheld from our Government the power of de-fining the law of God. One year later, 1830, the House of Rep-resentatives was petitioned to take action with a view to discontinue the transporta-tion and the opening of mails on the Sab-bath. The following quotations are taken from the committee's report, communicated to the House of Representatives, March 4 and 5, 1830:Š Congress acts under a Constitution of delegated and limited power. The committee look in vain to that instrument for a delegation of power, author-izing this body to inquire and determine what part of time, or whether any, has been set apart by the Almighty for religious exercises. Speaking of the dangers involved in legislative action, looking to the enforce-ment of any part of the law of God, the report further says :Š The line can not be too strongly drawn, between Church and State. If a solemn act of legislation shall, in one point, define the law of God, or point out to the citizens one religious duty, it may, with  equal propriety, proceed to define every part of the ' divine revelation and enforce every religious obli gation, even to the forms and ceremonies of wor- ship, the endowment of the Church and the support of the clergy. The second and, in -the minds of the', authors of the petition, the secondary rea-son given for Congress and the Commis-sioners to act upon the closing of the Fair' on Sunday, is " the rights of men." This,  is interpreted both by speakers and writers in favor of the petition, to refer particŠularly to workingmen. Touching this point, I believe that the workingmeni themselves are as well able to determine what are their rights in this matter as are' their self-constituted guardians. Thus far labor organizations have been almost, unanimous in asking that the Fair be open-on Sunday. The American Federation of Labor, in annual convention of 1891, and' the Knights of Labor, in 1890, passed resolutions in favor of Sunday opening. These two organizations represent eight hundred thousand workingmen. I pass this point by saying that it looks a little inconsistent for clergymen to place their interpretation upon the rights of workingmen, and then ask Congress, State legislatures, and World's Fair Commis-sioners to force that interpretation upon workingmen by legislative enactments. The last reason given in the petition, which, in the minds of the petitioners, furnishes a sufficient cause of action for Congress and the Commission, is, " the precedent of American history." Prece-dents are of value only so far as they are based on correct principles. Our Govern-ment, now the wonder and pride of the world, was founded on principles, one of which is the entire separation of Church and State, and at a period when time-honored and Church-cherished precedents were almost unanimously opposed to this principle. No reform is ever accomplished except at the cost of some long-standing precedent. Had all the "precedents of American history" been followed up to the present time, we would still be flogging non-attendants at church, banishing Bap-tists, and hanging Quakers. That my position may not be misunder-stood, let me say in closing that, person-ally, I wish there were no opposition to closing the Fair on Sunday, but the fact remains that there is, and also that my wishes in the matter count no more than those of men who wish there were no opposition to an open Fair. Since I am left free to remain away from the Fair on Sunday, I do not consider that my rights are invaded, and I shall not invade the rights of others by asking that Congress, State legislatures, or national commis-sioners compel them to act in harmony with my view of Sabbath sacredness. Personally, I wish that all men were consistent Christians and that the Sabbath were universally observed; but all are not Christians and all do not observe the Sab-bath. Under these circumstances it is the 