THE .AMERICAN SeRN'TINIEL,. 323 that the movement to secure the enact-ment and enforcement of Sunday laws, is nothing more nor less than a scheme of ambitious preachers to secure control of the civil power to force upon people their own will for the will of God. Such a thing would be bad enough if it were truly the will of God which they sought to en-force; but when it is their own will that they intend to put in .the place of the will of God, and compel people to obey it as the will of God, then it is infinitely worse. The scheme is nothing less than an effort to put themselves in the place of God, and so :to erect here a living likeness to a powpr which did that same thing before; thaCis, the: Papacy. A. T. J. Ł-Ł0.Ł  Should the State Regulate Morals? Tins is an important question, and one that every American citizen should under-stand, and .be able to answer intelligently. In Order to have a more correct under-standing of the question it will be neces-sary to define the terms used. "Morality is the relation of conformity or non-conformity to the true moral stand-ard or rule. . . . The conformity of an act to the divine law." The " divine law," is universally acknowledged as being " summarily contained in the Decalogue," written by the finger of God on the tables of stone. Ł From this, it is plain that morality pertains solely to God, having reference to man's relation to his Maker. It must also .be just as plain that, with these, civil governments or civil rulers can have nothing to do. For civil governments were ordained to rule, not in the things of God, but in the things pertaining to civil mattersŠthe re-lation Of man to his fellowiman or to the government itself. Civil government therefore can have no right to enforce or regulate acts of con-formity or non-conformity of its,subjects to the divine law. And an attempt, even of this kind, is only an attempt "to regulate matters of conscience, and civil govern-ment can have nothing to do with con-science. It is true, in every sense of the word, that, "Sabbath desecration is to be de-plored." But, as the Sabbath is an insti-tution of heaven, and the command for the Sabbath is found in the moral law, and all moral questions pertains to God's government, the observance or non-ob-servance of the Sabbath should be left to the individual conscience of every subject of civil government. And farther, if the above propositions are correct, the civil government has no right whatever, even to try to enforce a moral question, a ques-tion that pertains to man's relation to his Maker; and it must be clearly seen, that to attempt such a thing is exalting the civil government above God himself, for God never forces obedience from his creatures. It will never do to say that this is a  temperance measure, for if a person who drinks, knows that he will be prohibited from getting it on any one day in seven, he will, get enough on the day preceding, to supply his supposed needs. Then, again, what may or may not be considered a desecration of the Sabbath, can only be decided by an appeal to divine law. And here, again, we are met with differences of opinion and interpretation. Thus again we see this must be left to the individual conscience, and not to civil authority, unless we adopt the principle that " might makes right," and then let questions of conscience be settled by ma-jorities. Lord Macaulay ironically says, that in matters of conscience "majorities are all right, when I'm in the majority; but all wrong when I'm in the minority." To illustrate still farther, we will take the case of the infidel. Has he no rights ? He has no convictions or scruples as to the Sabbath. Would it be right for the Christian, who might be in the majority, to compel him to observe a Christian in-stitution ? It would be all right and proper if it would be right for the infi-del, who might be in the majority, to declare that there was no Sabbath, and compel Christians to labor on the Sabbath. But if one is wrong so is the other. ' It must, therefore, be clear to all, that the only position for the civil government, or local authorities, is simply to protect every man in his rights ; the Christian in keeping the Sabbath, and the infidel in not keeping it. If we should try to com-pel a man who is not a Christian, to act as do the Christians, we should only make a hypocrite of him who otherwise might be a good citizen, and thus he would be-come a dangerous man, and 'hence a dangerous citizen. Let us be consistent, and look at this question from the stand-point of the Golden Rule. "Therefore all things, whatsoever ye would that men should, do to you, do ye even so to them." H. F. PHELPS. Keep Them Separate. IT seems to me clear that it is better to separate religious instruction from secular instruction, and to place it in a different schoolŠa school connected with the church. . . . If the pupil leaves the secular school and repairs to the church for a religious lesson, the impression made upon him is much stronger than the same lesson given in the secular school in connection with secular lessons. Careful observers of the effects of the religious lessons placed on programmes of schools in Germany, and Austria, and other nations, tell us that where the secular studies- are taught ac-cording to the true method the pupils are prone to hold in a sort of contempt the contents of their religious lessons. They are apt to bring their critical intellects to bear on dogmas and become skeptical of  religious truth altogether. It is well-known that the people of Germany are much given to skepticism. Its educated class is famous for its "free-thinking," so-called. The French educated class, all of which was in its youth under parochial school influence, is atheistic. All Protestant nations are agreed that there should be a separation of Church and State. The Catholic laity all over the world is nearly unanimous in the same opinion. I think that even the Catholic priesthood, at least in the United States, holds this view. The separation of Church and State implies the separation of Church and school. The Church and State are separated in the ;nterest of the perfection of both. . . . The concession mode in Savannah, Poughkeepsie, and a few other places, viz : a compromise which permits Catholic religious exercises before and after school in the school room, or which permits the teacher to wear the garb of some Catholic orderŠthe garb of the sis-ters or the priesthoodŠmilitates against the public character of the school and cannot be conceded as a possible compro-mise.Š W. T. Harris, United States Com-missioner of Education, in Independent. Strengthening the Hands of the Enemy: Ł  THE Truth Seeker, of this city, occasion- ally says some very good and sensible things. Here is a sample :Š Ł The State should not pay for religious instruction in the public schools, for the reason that it is not the State's business. Religion is a question for each person to decide for himself. The public schools are for the children of every one, and it could not be otherwise than a wrong inflicted upon some child to have religion taught thereinŠsome Freethinker, some Protestant, some Catholic, some Jew. And for the State to provide schools for each sect would be impossible. It would ruin the people to pay the taxes to support them. There are some two hun-dred sects of Christians in the world, and the United States has samples of about all of them. Schools would have to be multiplied forty-fold. There is no feasible plan to educate children in public schools that will not work injustice except to make them strictly secular, and leave their religious education to their parents. This is sound; but not so with this precious bit of baseless assertion from the same article :Š It seems to be necessary to continually remind the priests that morality has nothing to do with re-ligion. Morality appeals to the experience of man-kind. It cares nothing about faith, nothing about sacred books. Morality depends upon facts, some-thing that can be seen, something known, the prod-uct of which can be estimated. But morality has much to do with re-ligion, and we doubt not that even the Truth Seeker admits it practically, even if it does not as a theory. We have known the Truth Seeker to remark upon .the fin-morality of professed Christians as some-thing not in accordance with their profes-sion. Why, if morality has nothing to do with religion ? The Truth Seeker cer-tainly knows better. 