AMERICAN SENTINEL. 461 that leadeth unto life." But "blessed is he that is not offended in me," saith the Lord. Let the surgical Word do its blessed work. It is written of its mission, "I wound to. heal." It has ever been the merciful endeavor of the gospel to straighten every crooked path (Isa. 40:4), as it is the settled and malignant purpose of the Prince of Error to make crooked the straight path of the just by all "the deceivableness of unrighteousness " of which he is the master magician. WHILE the church forces are working to have a gen-eral Sunday rest law accepted as a panacea for the ills of the laboring men, the latter are bent on settling the labor problem by a shortening of the working day. According to an outline of their plan given in the July Christian Endeavorer, their aim is to secure an eight-hour day of work, to begin with May 1, 1898. By this means they hope to secure work for the unemployed, two millions of whom could, it is said, be accommodated by this reduc-tion of the working hours. Also "better work," by a reduction of the strain of ten hours' labor, and an " opportunity for social, intellectual, and spiritual cul-ture." These are precisely the things which a genetl1Sunday law is professedly designed to secure. Whether the church forces will win over the federations of labor to their pro-position or not,'remains to be seen. V 1- BESIDES the "Christian Citizenship League," there is in the political reform field the " Good Citizens' League," which is now fairly launched, with headquarters at Wash-ington, D. C. The purposes of this league are defined in Article II. of its Constitution, as follows:Š "1. To unite for efficient and concerted action, and for mutual encouragement, all friends of good govern-ment. 2. To promote the stud5y and practice of citizen duty from the standpoint of the Bible and good morals. 3. To agitate the question of purity in politics, to the end that its members, together with all other good citi-zens, shall be active. in attending the primaries and con-ventions of the parties, thereby securing the nomination for public office of 'able men, such as fear God, men of truth, hating unjust gain.' 4. To foster truth, and the diffusion of knowledge concerning the principles of Amer-ican institutions among all the people,.the alleviation of suffering, the uplifting of humanity, and as far as possi-ble, the abatement of poverty. 5. The social intercourse and improvement of the members." Ł The president of the league is Hon. S. E. Nicholson, of Indiana. THE pastor of the South Street Methodist Church, of Brockton, Mass., Rev. 0. W. Scott, in a recent Sunday discourse, advocated a "strike" of railroad men and elec-tric men who were "compelled to work on the sabbb,th." He said he believed that such a strike would succeed, be-.  cause of the moral and material help which would be contributed to it. There are signs which point to a closer union of the Sunday and laboring men's movements, by which a great impetus will be given to the former. WE have a foe to our national prosperity in private immorality. Intemperance that debauches the individ-ual will ruin the nation. The strength of a republic is found in the character of its citizens. If anything is treason that saps the nation's life-blood, that weakens her defenses, then that is treason which robs her citizens of strength of body, clearness of brain and pureness of morals. We need a body of patriotic citizens who are brave enough to be true to themselves.Š.Pastor First M. E. Church, Salt Lake City. WE hope to be able in our next issue to present again the customary contribution from the pen of Jas. T. Ring-gold, under the head of "News, Notes and Comments." WE begin next week a series of five very instructive articles, by A. F. Ballenger, under the title, "The Faithful Bride and the Fallen Woman." 4  THE best time to begin in the work of advancing the cause of human freedom, is To-day. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore nncompromising opposed to anything tending towardŁ a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF THE International Ileligioas liberty Association. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. Six months, tt Three " - ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 