AMERICAN SENTINEL. 227 in battle with the American troops. It was only by chanceŠnot intentionŠthat this "cordial good will and fraternal feeling" did not affect the survivors in the way that it did their less fortunate companions in arms. When a person fires a gun at you with intent to kill, it matters not whether he is actuated by "cordial good will and fraternal feeling" or by cordial hatred. The proclamation proceeds with the statement that "The aim and object of the American Government, apart from the fulfillment of the solemn obligations it has as-sumed toward the family of nations by its acceptance of sovereignty over the Philippine Islands, is the well being, prosperity and happiness of the Philippine people and their elevation and advancement to a position among the most civilized peoples of the world." This is to be brought about, under American rule, by "the assurance of peace and order, by the guarantee of civil and reli-gious liberty, by the establishment of justice, by the cul_ tivation of letters, science, and the liberal and practical arts, by the enlargement of intercourse with foreign na_ tions, by expansion of industrial pursuits, by trade and commerce, by multiplication and improvement of the means of internal communication, by development, with the aid of modern mechanical inventions, of the great natural resources of the Archipelago, and, in a word, by the uninterrupted devotion of the people to the pursuit of useful objects and the realization of those noble ideas which constitute the higher civilization of mankind." "Unfortunately," the address continues, "these pure aims and purposes of the American Government and people have been misinterpreted to some of the inhabit-ants of certain islands, and as a consequence the friendly American forces have, without provocation or cause,  been openly attacked." How has this misinterpretation been made? We know of nothing better calculated to misinterpret benevolent motives and intentions than weapons of war. Nobody ever gets any hint of benevo-lent intentions from such things; consequently, if benev-olence is really behind them, they grossly misinterpret it. And since this is so, it is against reason to use them in the execution of benevolent designs. What would be the meaning of an armed force of a foreign power being stationed. on soil of the United States, and affirming an intention of staying till they got ready to go? What would such a thing mean to the American people? How much misinterpreting would be required to precipitate hostilities between them and the people? And if that attitude would not be expressive of good will in. the United States, would it be expressive of good will anywhere else? The proclamation affirms thatŠ "1. The supremacy of the United States must and will be enforced throughout every part of the Archipela-go, and those who resist it can accomplish no end other than their own ruin. "2. To the Philippine people will be granted the  most ample liberty and self-government reconcilable with the maintenance of a wise, just, stable, effective, and economical administration of public affairs and com-patible with the sovereign and international rights and the obligations of the United States." Would this mean "ample liberty" in the United States? Would it mean libertyin any sense? Would the American people who lived in the days of Washington have accepted this kind of "ample liberty" from George III? Is not this precisely the liberty he was willing to grant? No argument is necessary to convince Americans that this would not mean liberty for them. It would not mean liberty in the United States. And if it does not mean liberty here, does it mean liberty anywhere else? The one thing that is withheld from these people un-der American rule is the one thing George III. wanted to withhold from the AmericansŠliberty. And that is the one thing above all others that they want. But is the United States going to insist upon this de-finition of "ample liberty"? That is the question which lends vast importance to the situation at Manila. this meaning of liberty is insisted on there, what is lib-erty going to mean here? If we accept this meaning for it there, can we refuse to accept it here? We cannot, without taking leave of consistency and logic. Let American people maintain one meaning for lib-erty the world over, and that the meaning insisted on held up to the world by this nation at the time of its birth. The Fly in the Ointment. Am the late National Reform convention in Boston, one speaker said:Š "I see little difference between what Israel was and our nation should be except this: when difficulties arose God's will was sought through the prophets, while we have the completed revelation, the Bible, to solve our problems, and the Holy Spirit to guide us into the truth." That is all right if it is only left to the Bible and the Holy Spirit to guide people into the truth; but this is not what the "reform" party wants. That would leave them out of the matter, and they do not mean to be left out. They believe themselves to be the successors of the prophets. They want to be empowered to solve the religious problems for the nation; they want to be interpreters of the Bible to the nation, and have the will of God, as they state it, enforced upon the nation by law. The National Reform party and their religious allies never spend any time advocating a scheme of govern-ment in which religion is to be applied only by the Word of God and the Holy Spirit. But as certainly as the 