ALONZO 'I'. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH % - - ASSISTANT EDITOR. - EDITORS. "If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for f Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 10. NEW YORK, MAY 2, 1895. Ł NUMBER 18.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, Ł No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. A PROBLEM FOR THE TENNESSEE LEGISLATURE. THE action of the Governor of Tennessee in pardoning the imprisoned Adventists presents to the legislators of that State a problem wor-thy of their careful attention. This pardon was granted unconditionally upon recommendation of the trial-judge, not only without any promise upon the part of the convicts that they would obey the law in the future, but in the face of explicit state-, ments from them that they could not obey the law. Nor was this all; several of the pardoned men were already under bonds to stand trial upon new indictments for violations of the same law under which they were imprisoned. Under these circumstances the pardon can be viewed in no other light than an arraignment of the law as unjust; and the question arises, What will the Legislature of Tennessee, now in session, do about it? The American principle of government is, " that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalien- able rights. . . . That to secure these rights governments are instituted among men." Will the Legislature of Tennessee see to it that the Seventh-day Adventists of that State are permitted to exercise the rights to which both judge and governor have in effect officially de-clared that they are entitled; if not under the laws of the State, certainly under that higher law to which all just governments are amenable, namely, the law of inalienable rights? The State of Tennessee may, in the pride of her authority, refuse the plea of Justice and continue the persecution; but might does not make right. " What other nations call reli-gious toleration we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which govern-ment cannot deprive any portion of citizens, however small. Despotic power may invade  those rights, but justice still confirms them." * It has been admitted by members of the Legislature of Tennessee that the Sunday law does infringe natural rights; that it does trench upon the religious liberty of the indi-vidual; but it is claimed that there is a " prac-tical difficulty" in the way of repeal. But what is the "practical difficulty" ? It is simply the intolerance of the people, the indifference of the law-makers and the groundless assumption that religion cannot survive without special protection by the State. But such a " practical difficulty" is entirely aside from the constitution of Tennessee. That instrument recognizes no religion and makes no provision for the fostering of any religious cult or creed; it recognizes no other power than that of persuasion for enforcing religious observances. Let the Sunday keep-ers of Tennessee recommend their religion by deeds of benevolence, by lives of virtue and by deeds of piety, and they will accomplish vastly more for Christianity than could possi-bly be accomplished by the use of the entire police power of the State. In the language of another: " Let them combine their efforts to instruct the ignorant, to relieve the widow and the orphan, to promulgate to the world the gospel of their Saviour, recommending its precepts by their habitual example; govern-ment will find its legitimate object in protect-ing them. It cannot oppose them, and they will not need its aid. Their moral influence will then do infinitely more to advance the true interests of religion, than any measure which they may call on Congress to enact. The petitioners [for the discontinuance of Sunday mails] do not complain of any in-fringement upon their own rights. They en-joy all that Christians ought to ask at the hands of any governmentŠprotection from all molestation in the exercise of their religious sentiments."f The rights asserted by the Tennessee Ad-ventists are the natural, inherent, inalienable rights with which every man is endowed by his Creator. They may be trampled upon by the State, they may be denied by the Legisla-tive, the Judicial, and the Executive branches of the Government of the State of Tennessee or of all the States or of the United States, but they do not thereby cease to be rights, and they will one day be recognized as such; * Committee report submitted by Richard M. Johnson to United States Senate, and adopted January 19, 1829. t Id. possibly never at the bar of any earthly tribu-nal, but in the words of Elder Colcord before the Circuit Court of Rhea County: "There is a time coming when there will be a change, and God and not man will be the JudgeŠand in that court questions will be decided, not by the statute books of Tennessee, but by the law of God," ONE DAY IN SEVEN BUT NO DAY IN PARTICULAR. THE following question and answer ap-peared in the Christian Statesman of March 30:Š Q. 30,ŠA. F. B., Evergreen, Ala. "If you can refer us to anything in the Bible for Sunday, as strong as the fourth commandment is for Saturday, I would be pleased to see it. ' The seventh day (Saturday) is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God.' Why not keep it? It is a perpetual sign between God and his people. If you do not keep it you have no perpetual sign between you and your God." Ans.ŠThe fourth commandment is " strong " for neither Saturday nor Sunday. It is strong for "the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." The institution for rest and worship of one day in seven or the seventh day is that for which the fourth commandment has its place in the Decalogue. A mere day cannot be a sign between God and his people. The institution of the Sabbath, a day religiously kept and honored as a day of rest and worship, is such a sign. And this is to be a perpetual sign. The obligation to keep the Sabbath is a perpetual obligation of immutable moral law. This immutable moral law does not change with the variations of solar days north, or south of the equator, or east or west of, any given meridian, or during the journeyings of the sun from tropic to tropic or the journeyings of humanity from arctic to antarc-tic seas or in either easterly or westerly direction round the world. The law of the Sabbath as embod-ied in the fourth commandment and in man's nature is immutable law for man because it is universally and perpetually the same for all men in every part of the world. Such juggling with Scripture is pitiful, and it illustrates to what lengths men will go to defend a cherished dogma. With a hope of converting even the editor of the Christian Statesman from the error of his way, we will show the inconsistency of this attempted answer; and to do this we will be-gin with the scripture record of the origin of the Sabbath, as found in Gen. 2:1-3:Š Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them. And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day, and sancti-fied it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and. made. 