JULY 30, 1896.ViEIRIECI(OA.IN St-11NT INF-, IL, 235 this work was the basis of some of the indict-ments referred to. Formerly the forest had echoed on Sunday with the baying of hounds and the crack of the rifle in the hands of godless hunters, but nobody was disturbed. Now however when the " sabbath " stillness is broken(?) by the swish" of a cross-cut saw drawn by sturdy but God-fearing lumbermen, who had on the previous twenty-four hours " rested the Sabbath-day according to the commandment," the neighborhood was " disturbed." Meth-odists and Presbyterians, and even Baptists, who saw a rival sect gaining a foothold in their neighborhood, were greatly annoyed, not indeed when they heard the saw cutting the logs to be subsequently made into lumber for the Adventist church, for that could not have been heard ten rods, but when they heard that the saw had been running. The facts of this work together with the odd jobs done about their homes on Sunday, were promptly reported to the grand jury. A ne'er-do-well in the neighborhood, who has more than once crossed his legs under the hospitable boards of his Adventist neigh-bors and partaken of their salt, appeared in the -role of prosecutor, and five of the Ad-ventists were indicted for nuisance, according to the following formula varied only as to names :Š State of Tennessee, Lake County. Circuit Court, November Term, A. D., 1895. The grand jurors of the State of Tennessee, elected, impaneled, sworn, and charged to inquire in and for the body of the county of Lake, in the State afore-said, upon their oath present that W. S. Lowry, late of said county, laborer, heretofore to wit, on the 17th day of November, A: D. 1895, that day being Sunday, and divers other Sundays next before that date, in the county of Lake aforesaid, then and there unlaw-fully, openly, publicly', notoriously and unnecessarily did, in the presence of divers persons, engage in his secular business, and did perform and follow his common avocations of life on Sunday by working at the sawmill, moving and hauling saw logs, building houses and fences,, chopping and sawing lumber, and doing divers other kinds of work on Sundays, said work not being necessary or a matter of charity ; and it was and is to the great annoyance and disturbance of the good people of the community, to the evil ex-ample of society, prejudicial to public morals, and a public nuisance to the citizens of the county, and against the peace and dignity of the State. J. W. LEWIS, Attorney General. As before stated, the mill was never oper-ated on Sunday. The work done, as shown ' by the evidence, was such as is usually done on Saturday afternoon or on Sunday by men employed on other days in mills or factories, and especially in lumber camps. But for this, one honest man has just completed a term of imprisonment dating from the 14th day of last March, and three more God-fearing men have just been convicted, and must spend several months in prison and in the chain-gang, for they refuse to pay either the small fine or the large costs assessed against them for exercising a God-given and inalien- able right. The indictments referred to were found last November. Last March one of the de-fendants was tried on two indictments, and in default of payment of fines and costs was committed to jail for nearly eight months. The other four cases were continued be-cause of a flaw in one of the indictments. On the 16th, inst., these cases were tried and three convictions were obtained. The judge, W. II,. Swiggart, of Union City, Tenn., seems to be a fair-minded man, who has lost his relish, if he ever had any, for such cases. Regarding himself as bound by the statute and the decision of the Supreme Court, he discharges what he conceives to be  his duty. It is stated on good authority that Judge Swiggart does not want these Sunday cases in his court, and certainly he does not regard Sunday work as done by the Advent-ists as a very serious offense, since he imposes only the nominal fine of one dollar even on defendants before him for the second or third time on the same charge. Attorney-General Lewis does not seem so liberal or even fair-minded, and is said to have made some threats by no means credit-able to him. It is reported that he induced the prosecutor to assume that role by prom-ising to "nolle " a case against him, and that he has boasted that he drove the Adventists out of Henry County into Obion County, and from Obion County to Lake County, and that now he will drive them into the river. It is to be hoped that this is a mistake. The Adventists were never driven out of either Henry or Obion Counties, and are not likely to be driven out of Lake County; but even should they be driven out of the State or even from the United States it would not prove them wrong nor their persecutors right. Might does not make right, and Attorney-General Lewis may be wrong,  even though he has at his back all the power of the State of Ten-nessee. PULPIT POLITICS. WE seem to be rapidly approaching the time when the political "stump" will have become identified with the "Christian" pulpit, and one can learn all he desires to know concern-, ing questions of politics, national finance, law, civil government, etc., by simply going to church and paying attention to the regular Sunday discourse. The clergy will .become the political campaigners, and the party man-agers will simply have to call the conventions, nominate the candidates, and frame the platforms; then the clergy will attend to the rest. The congregation of the Calvary Baptist Church, New York City, are already thus fa-vored(?) in respect to the political issues of the present campaign. In his discourse of Sunday evening, the 19th inst.,the pastor " paid his respects" to the " Cicago plat-form," condemning especially its reference to the United States Supreme Court. He said:Š This court is the authoritative interpreter of the Constitution. To degrade it would be a national ca-lamity. Do the supporters of this platform want anarchy? Do they not know that Christian patriotism insists that " lex is rex "Šthat law is king and must rule? That platform propounds and promulgates dangerous doctrines. Its teaching comes perilously near being revolutionary. Americanism is not an-archism. Whether the standard of truthfulness of the average political campaign speech will be raised or lowered in the hands of Ł the clergy, is a question which remains to be determined. It is evident, however, that in this instance it was not greatly elevated. The statements that the Supreme Court "is the authoritative interpreter of the Constitution," and that "law is right, and must rule," are about as misleading as any that could be uttered. It is true that the Supreme Court of the nation can speak with authority superior to that of any other court upon the questions which come before it; but that court is not superior to the people who created it, and cannot set-tle for them any question of absolute right or wrong. If it could, it would have settled the question of negro slavery in favor of the slave-holder, when it rendered the historical Dred Scott decision. Not even a decision of this  august tribunal can give a bad doctrine a right to rule in the practice of the nation or of in-dividuals. The people have not delegated to any court their reason or moral accountabil-ity. Right must ruleŁ and the people must determine for themselves, in the light of their own reason and of revelation, what is right. The Supreme Court cannot make law. Law, in its true sense, is always synonymous with right. But that is often set forth as "law," which is simply what the court decides to be right; and the court's decision, in many if not most instances, is determined by its constitution at the time. Recently, the Su-preme Court considered the question of the constitutionality of the "income tax" statute passed by Congress, and decided it to be law; but almost immediately afterwards reconsid-ered its decision, and by a change of mind on the part of one member, decided the statute to be unconstitutional and not law. It is evident that the question of "law" in this case might have been settled either way by a slight change in the personnel of the court. This voice from the pulpit would have us believe that "Christian patriotism" requires an acceptance of the doctrine that "law is king, and must rule," and that what the "law" is which must rule, is a question to be settled by the courts. We are not told what "Christian patriotism" is, but it is a term used evidently to allege that the individual is neither a Christian nor a patriot who will not be ruled in all, matters by the "law," as the courts may determine it. There is a strong tendency in this country toward political as well as religious popery, and this tendency will doubtless be strengthened by the utter-ances of pulpit politicians. Such utterances are invested with a weight and dignity, us coming from the pulpit, which they would not possess, put forth as mere "stump speech" rhetoric. By the pulpit-reverencing class, they are apt to be received as gospel truth. There is "law" in almost every part of this country in favor of a church dogmaŠthe Sunday-sabbathŠ and this "law" has the sanction of the nation's Supreme Court. The mere behests of the church, backed by a suf-ficient show of power, are apt to receive the stamp of "law" from the legislating power, as was seen in the national edict closing the World's Fair on Sunday. The church is looking to the "law" and the courts as her allies in religious work; and it will therefore not be strange if the pulpit politician shall endeavor to impress the public mind with the idea that the " law is king, and must rule," and raise the cry of "anarchy" whenever the rightfulness of the "law," or of a Supreme Court decision, is called in question. s. THE REFORMING POWER OF GOD'S WORD. THE religious world seems at this day to have little or no confidence in God's simple word as a means of moral reform. There is no lack of effort at reform, nor was the need of reform in both Church and State ever greater, probably, than it is now; but the means employed by the various reform parties indicate a general belief that men must be either coerced into reform, or lured into the way of righteousness by some attraction which will appeal to their carnal natures. The SENTINEL invites the attention of re-form workers to the word of God as a reform-producing power. There is a power in the divine word which 