55>_ THE SENTINEL OF .1:411RrY7  people can not understand. The only fundamental safeguards 'of liberty, justice and personal rights that they know anything about in connection with their Government and which they have appointed for the guidance of their representatives are the provisions of the CONSTITUTION. They or-dained that in, order to "establish justice, insure do-mestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare," and to secure the blessings of liberty to themselves and their posterity. The Constitution is not the fountain of liberty, nor is it the foundation of justice and personal rights, but it is the instrument by which the American Gov-ernment secures those things to the people, and when that is overridden and set aside, so far as the Government is concerned, there are no " fundamen-tal-safeguards-of liberty, justice and personal rights." The only sovereignty and the only fundamental safeguard of liberty, justice and personal rights per-taining to. the Government and about which it can know anything is that of the Constitution. And so far as governmental affairs and purposes are con- - cerned, the people have no sovereignty but that expressly declared in the Constitution, for the sover-eignty of the people is not effective in the govern-mental sense until it is expressed through their -supreme law. A Dangerous Sort of Humanity. Certainly a humane procedure should not be op-posed. It would seem that government" by the peo-ple for the good of mankind" and " the federation of the world" should without question be given the"  right of way. But the world will be better off without_ that humanity and that government " by the people for the good of mankind " which requires the sacrifice of the Constitution and which is afraid to repeat word for word the language of freedom either as found in the Declaration or' in the language which has been held by its supporters throughout the history-of this-country. "Government of the people, by the peo-ple, for the people," in accordance with the Declara-:ration and the Constitution is still a good thing, and if the "federation of the world" cannot be brought about on that principle, let the federation be postponed. One of the most striking characteristics of this movement which the Tribune is forwarding, and one which is quite prominent in the quotations given last week, is the use of terms which sound as nearly as possible like the genuine utterances of 'freedom in  the Declaration and elsewhere, but which say and mean something entirely different. And this is a characteristic that is deep with meaning. More' than a Political Issue. As was said at, the beginning of this article, this grave question which should now hold, the attention of every friend of liberty, will not be settled by the coming-electionsŠat,, least not more than it is al-ready settled. To see this paramount issue as'it-is,  is- to see that it is a great deal more than a ground of dispute between political parties. It -is more than a poTitical issue. Political parties have been: forced to take tip its discussion alm'os't in spite of -themselves; and this has come that all 'may have the best possible opportunity to see just what it is and to learn just what it means. .It is an issue between principles as different and' distinct as midnight and_ noonday. It is a battle between-liberty and despo-tism; a "battle which can best 'be fought not at the polls, but in the minds and hearts' of, individuals, where alone is _certain 'victory. There is a way by which this issue may not be seen as it is, and by which all that it means may be missed. That is to make of it merely a matter of politics. There are two ways by which this can be done. One is to do as a politician can not fail to doŠmake of it simply political capital and an op-portunity for political and partizan advantage. The other way is to declare it to be nothing but a matter of politics, and therefore nothing in which you are concerned and with which you will have nothing to do. The man Who follows either of these courses is blind to an event Which marks one of the greatest backward steps in the world's history. He who sees this as it is and realizes even in a slight degree the terrible consequences with which it is fraught, will not make of it to himself a mere matter of politics, either by using it for politi-cal capital and treating it as a matter to be cured by the" ballot, or by declaring it, to be some-thing with which he will have nothing to do because of its political:  nature. " He who in the light of Christianity has learned reverence for human liberty and rights, who has learned because of the essential - equality of all men before the, common: Father, to respect his race and to reprobate its oppressors," will use every means that, his conscience can approve in upholding the Protestant and Republican principles of the Constitution, and in -Staying the progress of 