352 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American $entinel. NEW YORK, JUNE 2, 1898. Do not skip the article beginning on page 340 because of its length. It is of historic interest, as well as a valuable presentation of the princi-ples demanding separation of the state from religion. Long articles are printed in the SENTINEL not be-cause they are long, but because they are good. THE examination of volunteers for service in the army and navy, which has been in progress at the recruiting stations since the President's call for troops, has emphasized the fact that bicycle riding, as commonly indulged in, is detrimental to health. Derange-ments of vital organs of the body sufficient to debar the victim from enlistment on the ground of physical unfitness, were in many cases directly traceable to the cramping caused by the common bicycle posture. The bicycle rider should take pains to sit up straight. VIEWED from any other than a di-plomatic standpoint, some of the ways of civil government are myste-rious. For exam.ple,,  the state for-bids two persons engaging in a fight for pugilistic supremacy, but is now itself engaged in a fight for suprem-acy with the forces of Spain. The captain of a filibustering ship is held in prison by the Government for doing exactly what the Government itself is now doing with all the forces at its command. The state hangs a person for settling his differences with another person by killing him, and then proceeds itself to settle its differ-ences with a foreign power by killing the subjects of the latter by whole-sale. We wonder if there is more than one rule of moral conduct for citizens and members of society in this world. OneŠthe DecalogueŠis all that we have seen so far. THE Universal Peace Union was re-cently granted free use of rooms in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, for the pursuance of their work, which they did by hanging up the Spanish  flag and writing a letter of warm sympathy to the Spanish premier and the Queen Regent. Quite natu-rally, the Government authorities did not take kindly to peace work con-ducted on this line. The Government refused to transmit the 1. tier, and the Spanish flag was torn down by indignant citizens as an emblem which had no business in Independence Hall. We believe in peace; but not on the basis of sympathy for Spain or re-gard for the Spanish flag. Sympathy for Spain in her present attitude is not sympathy with the Cause of peace and justice; and peace work con-ducted upon that line will not attain nor deserve success. Efforts for peace should be made beneath the banner and in the name of the Prince of Peace; and this means the exaltation of his principles as the proper princi-ples of human conduct. SOME W. C. T. U. ladies of New England have sent a protest to Sec-retary Long against the useŁ of the' battle cry, "Remember the Maine," which has become so popular. It does not savor of the proper spirit, they say, which should animate Amer-ican sailors and soldiers in this war. In view' of which a New York City daily raises the query, Why not? and inquires if these people would have the brave sailor and soldier lads go into action chanting the mellifluous phrases of Sir Edwin Arnold. True enough; what consistency would there be between a peace phrase in the lips and an instrument of death in the hands, about to be brought into use? If Americans must engage in the busi-ness of killing the Spanish, we can think of no more appropriate phrase to accompany such action than "Re-member the Maine." THE Knights of Labor have an-nounced opposition to the "deals" which force up the price of the neces-saries of life, by resolutions denounc-ing "the system which allows Leiter and his backers to succeed in placing a tax on 70,000,000 of people in this country, and in placing the staple article of food almost beyond the reach of millions of working people;"  and demanding that Congress "enact laws which will make it impossible for any one man or body of men to corner or to gamblein;food products." Gambling, to be legal in this coun-try, must be done on a large scale. The Knights of Labor think gam-bling in wheat is as bad as any other kind of gambling, or worse; and have petitioned Congress for a remedy; but all such efforts are made in the face of the discouraging fact that hu-man selfishness and greed, backed up by wealth, always find some way to evade any legislation that can be en-acted for the protection of their vic-tims. Only Omnipotent power can say to these enemies of human hap-piness, Hitherto shalt thou come, but no further. THE threatened departure from the traditional policy of this nation, be- queathed by Washington and others of its foundersŠa departure which seems certain to be madeŠwill be a stepping down from the heights of its greatness and prosperity, to the arena of international contention and strife. Founded upon the prin-ciples of civil and religious freedom, and pursuing a policy of non-inter-ference in the affairs of other powers, this nation has been a beacon light to all mankind; and from all lands men who prize the privileges and principles of free government, have contributed to its greatness and strength. Now it is proposed to abandon this attitude and this policy, as something that has been outgrown, and which would hinder the nation's progress to a field of greater useful-ness and glory. But that which has made the nation great, cannot now be discarded without the loss of that which has been gained by it. National greatness is not secured by numbers or by armaments or by the arts of diplomacy. It is secured by strict adherence to the principles of free government and to a policy of peace. It is not a coincidence that a national departure from the principles of the Declaration of Independence, and of the Constitution; and from the tradi-tional policy of peace, should be al-most simultaneous in their occur-rence. 