Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas rs o n VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, JANUARY 30, 1890. NUMBER 5. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS- PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. RIMINE11111ŁŁŁ1Ł1...11.1111ŁMMISIMIONOMINII. It seems that some effort was,  made in the last Congress to have some action taken on the Sunday-Rest bill, and that even on Sunday. The secretary of Legis-lation of the American Sabbath Union in complaining of "the God-defying, law-defying Sabbath desecration by Congress" on the Sunday before 'inauguration day; says: "The Christian men of Congress did not, as on a former occasion, prevent a Sunday session by denying the right of Congress to require Sunday work of any of its members,, and retiring in a body, and so destroying the quorum. Instead of such a prote§t, there was only a shallow jest, called .up by a Sunday motion relating to the Sunday-Rest bill, that it was not proper to work on such legislation on the Sabbath." That was not a shallow jest. That was a very wise and a very pious obserVation. We suggest that that gentle-man be made chairman, of the committee 'that has charge of the Sunday-Rest bill.  Ł ÷ Ł  THE Chicago News of the 6th inst., has the following item :Š Mr. Joseph W. Morton of Chicago takes issue with the statement of the Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, of the American Sabbath.  'Union, that the petition for certain Sabbath reforms which was presented to the last Congress was signed by more than ten million adults. " To contain ten million signatures, " says Mr. Morton, " would require at least 166,667 sheets, making more than 347 reams, which, at the average rate of twelve and one-half pounds to the ream, would weigh more than two and one-sixth tons. The length of the petition would be a little -more than sixty-three miles." Mr. Morton is very confident that no such petition was ever presented to Congress on any subject. Of course, no such petition was ever presented. The SENTINEL has repeatedly shown how the petitions referred to were  made to represent such a vast number of petitioners, and it is certain that there has never been in any country a greater abuse of the right of petition. Whole denomina-tions were counted on the strength of the vote of a few men not chosen for any such purpose ; and even worse than that, the whole Roman Catholic Church was counted as petitioners, simply because Cardinal Gibbons wrote a letter to Mr. Crafts, saying : " I am happy to add my name." It is true that, owing to the strenuous efforts being put forth by the friends of Sunday legislation, there is a growing sentiment in favor of such laws, but it is not true that any such number as they claim have ever petitioned for a Sunday law in any legitimate manner. No Morality Possible Without Religiou Doctrine. LAST week we printed the offer of the American Secular Union of a $1,000 prize for the best essay embodying "the purest principles of morality without inculcating religious doctrines." Personally, we are considerably interested in this thing. Our interest, however, is one of curiosity rather than of practice; because such a manual as the Union desires, will be a curiosity in itself, if such a thing can be created at all; and it will also be a curiosity to see how it is done when it is done. The circular announcing the prize says :Š It is desired that the manual for which this pre-mium is offered shall not be a reading book for schools nor a mere code of morals, much less a system of ethical philosophy, but rather a concise yet compre-.  hensive and suggestive exhibit, with familiar and practical illustrations of those universal foundation principles and axiomatic truths which underlie all sound morality and rightfulness, thus developing and educating that inherent moral sense which is more or less common to all rational beings. In short, to show how to teach children the natural and essential difference between right and -wrong, and the reasons therefor. It is perfectly proper to teach children, as well as older people, the essential differ-ence between right and wrong; and every  reasoning creature, not only desires, but absolutely demands to know the reasons therefor. But in moral things, in incul-cating the principles of moral right or wrong, it is impossible to give reasons for it without inculcating a religious doc-trine. The reason for that which is, right or wrong must be based upon authority, But to leave out of these reasons all ides of any authority, except the authority of man, is to have in fact no basis for moral-ity. The human conscience refuses to recognize the authority of man in the realm of morals. If it rests upon th0 authority of man, one man has just at-much authority as another. Each man's idea of that which is morally right is, t%) him, more authoritative than any oth.eŁ man's idea of right can be. Therefore, to carry into effect the intent of this prize offer, there must be estab. lished an aristocracy of ideas in regard to what is morally right or wrong. Not only that, this aristocracy of ideas might be established; those ideas might be embodied in a manual; but how shall the children and the people at large be caused to re, ceive them as authoritative ? Every per-son will assert his right to reject the whole thing, reasons and all. If it be said that the State shall adopt this for the public schools, and enforce it, then there is at once established a despotism of ,ideas in morals, and freedom of thought is no more. It is impossible to escape this if once there is a step taken in that direction. But we understand that the Secular Union recog. nizes the absolute equality of mankind, and the absolute freedom of thought. These being the principles of the Union, it never can set forth any system of morals with any authority at all, according to the plan suggested in this announcement. In the realm of morals, the mind and the conscience of man require reasons rest-ing upon authority, and that authority must be superior to man's. That authority is the authority of God; the conscience of man will recognize no other; and the logic of the question will admit of no other. That authority is expressed either 