618 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Spain and Her Methods.ŠNo. 6. BY MRS. FLORENCE A. BARNES, M. D. Pizarro now continued his course to ward Cuzco, burn-ing at the stake any whom his vindictive spirit might deem sufficiently culpable. The amount of gold he and his followers obtained was so great that on division each horseman received 6,000 pesas. Gold was the incentive and the reward. His courage was attended by cruelty from avarice and religious fanaticism. Religion covered a multitude of sins; the burning of an infidel made a -sacrifice acceptable to heaven. A strange spirit this, to spring from a religion, whose first precepts were "peace -on earth, good will to men!" With the Spanish invaders were alway a goodly num-ber of priests, some to be sure too much like the Bishop -of Cuzco, with hearts so seared as to be closed against sympathy for the poor Indian ; all avaricious, I am afraid. After entering Cuzco, Pizarro thought to delude the people by installing a new king of the Inca succes-aion. He chose a younger brother, Manco by name, and with much show crowned him Inca of the Incas. But this was only a pretense of kingship, for he was subject to Pizarro. He next selected a new site for a capital, where the present city of Lima now is. But the Peruvians were not forgetful of their wrongs. They had seen one king butchered, another placed on a vacant throne, their temple sacked, their country appro_ priated by the Spaniards, its people slaves to the con-querors while their homes were seized by violent hands. Religious houses turned into stables, and thousands of women who had been living in chaste seclusion as virgins -of the Sun, were become the prey to the licentious sol-diery. A favorite wife of the young Inca was debauched by the Spanish officers, and the young Inca himself, find-ing himself only a tool in the hands of the invaders, brooded over his wrongs, and laid plans for vengeance. Quarrels among the Spaniards themselves soon gave the opportunity. It was in one of these efforts for the regaining of his kingdom that Juan Pizarro received an injury from which he died. But the Peruvians with their poor methods of warfare, were only driven to desperate deeds. The Inca himself, wrapping his war cloak around him, sprang from the battlements and fell to the bottom .of the steep precipice, preferring death to dishonor. Hernando Pizarro now took his brother's place, and made some very successful raids through the country. One of the most ardent of Pizarro's helpers was a man Almagro; without him Pizarro could never have been so successful. On one of his crusades into the interior, the wretched Indians were forced to accompany themŁto heights, where from the cold and their scanty clothing, they perished by the way. Often the quiet hamlets were burned, while the people were taken to act as beasts of burden. They were .chained together in gangs of ten or twelve and compelled  to march till they dropped dead in their chains. But all these chief conquerors came to a tragic end. Almagro was sentenced to death by strangulation by Pizarro him-self. And Almagro's son avenged his father by assassi-nating Pizarro. The ruling motive of all, so far as human judgment can discern, was avarice and ambition. The lust for gold was the incentive to toil and the price of perfidy. The object of every act was gold or revenge. The contrast between the ferocity of the Spaniards and the mild inoffensiveness of the South American In-dian awaken sympathy for the latter. The Spaniards were in the country and the church claimed the people. But this took time. However, by the middle of the sixteenth century, the power of the church was established. The poor Indian was kept in complete subjection to the monarchy of Spain. This was not without repeated efforts to throw off the yoke; but in all these they were unsuccessful. Numerous were the victims at the stake, or the strangled martyrs to the cause of liberty and love of home, as the centuries rolled by; until at last, in1819, Bolivar arose to liberate his country. Since then, these countries have been free from the dominance of Spain. Yet the years are few since that freedom came; and the country is yet under the ban of the licentiousness and ignorance which existed so many centuries under the rule of Spain and the church. Still that power, the church, holds the rein over the people in their ignorance, while her priests revel in all the licen-tiousness of the earlier centuries, and keeping the masses in dumb ignorance lead them on in lives of shame and misery. All this is permitted, aye, encouraged, in the name of the Christian religion. Is it not time that some one arise to protest against this iniquity of iniquities? Can we not send our true Christians to undo, if may be, the work of this false teacher in South America? For what is true of the countries which once com-prised the great Peru, is true of all the countries of South America, where the priest has held rule so many years. Let Christian people awake to the iniquity that now exists. The same spirit is there which predominated under Pizarro's adventurous career. It only waits time and opportunity to spring up again in overt acts. The same persecutions await the true Christian that were visited on the poor Inca and his people. The same licen-tiousness still spreads itself over the fair land, making loathsome its beauty and natural strength. Come to the rescue, Christian; Come. FREEDOM is worth what its attainment has cost and is costing, chiefly as it affords advantages of a larger life, which we industriously improve. We should seek it as au invigorating atmosphere in which to grow rather than a balmy air in which to sleep. We should seek free-dom of thought in order that our minds, unfettered, may think great and worthy thoughts and hold unmolested 