DECEMI3ER T, 1898. A.N1111,11CAN 1 I I o 379 county judge, then the said county judge, where such conviction was had, or where such convicts may be confined, may place such convicts, in the county or elsewhere, to work upon such public works of the county, in chain-gangs or otherwise, or hire out such convicts, upon such terms and restrictions as may subserve the ends of justice, and place such convicts under such guards as may be necessary for their safe keeping. SEC. 4821 (4723). Whenever any convict or con-victs now confined, or hereafter to be confined, in the penitentiary of this State, or member or mem-bers of the chain-gang now confined, or hereafter to be confined, in the penitentiary of this State, or wherever else employed as such, shall be guilty of insurrection or attempt at insurrection, such con-. vict or convicts, or member or members of the chain-gang, shall, upon trial and conviction in the Supreme Court of the county in which the crime is committed, be deemed guilty of a capital offense, and punished with death, or such other punishment as the judge in his discretion may inflict. It will be at, once apparent that with the Seventh-day Adventist a conviction under the Georgia Sunday law is a very serious matter. Adventists have uni-formly refused to pay fines, choosing rather to go to prison or to the chain-gang as a testimony against Sunday legislation. Doubtless this course will be followed in Georgia. Adventists imprisoned in Tennessee and worked in the chain-gang were, by the constitution of the State, shielded from any attempt to compel them to work on the Sabbath. The constitution of Tennes-see provides that " no person shall in time of peace be required to perform any serv-ice to the public on any day set apart by his religion as a day of rest." But the constitution of Georgia contains no such provision. It follows that the Seventh-day Adventist or Seventh-day Baptist, sentenced to the chain-gang for violation of the Sunday law, may be required to work on the Sabbath, and in event of refusal, may be charged with insurrection, the penalty of which is " death, or such other punishment as the judge in his dis-cretion may inflict." The Georgia Sunday law is fully worthy the institution which it is designed to protect. Fraud is fitly supported by injustice, oppression, and barbarity. A subsequent letter from Mr. Keck gives porno additional particulars as to the conviction and subsequent proceedings against himself and Elder McCutchen :Š We were convicted under the ordinance of 1891, and fined $50 and costs or 90 days on the streets. We are told by those who have lived here for some time that similar cases (just convictions of dis-orderly conduct) are seldom fined more than $5 and costs. - The city had four witnesses against us, all of whom testified that they were disturbed by our noise and work; but in answer to our questions, all admitted that the same work would not have disturbed them on any other day of the week. It was the time the work was done and not the char-acter of the work that disturbed.' They said they had been taught that Sunday was a day people ought to keep, and so of course it disturbed their peace to see us working. One witness said he was disturbed before he was near enough to hear the noise. Some one told him we were working and then he was disturbed. We had but one witness, a gentleman living just across the street, not more than fifty feet from where we were working, nearer than any one else lives. He testified that he was not disturbed. Only one of the witnesses against us lives near the build-ing where we did our work, yet they were all dis-turbed. All the prominent lawyers here admit that it was a case over which the mayor had no jurisdic-tion whatever. As one of them said, if what we did was " disorderly conduct," then every day's honest labor is disorderly conduct. As I wrote before, they immediately made an-other case against us, which is as follows:Š "Georgia. In person appeared before me D. H. Hall Co. Stansbury, who being duly sworn says, that to the best of his knowledge and belief W. A. 11/Id:itchen and E. C. Keck, did on the 19th day of November, in the year 1893, commit the offense of misdemeanor, for that the said W. A.  McCutchen and E. C. Keck, in the county aforesaid, did work as a laborer, artificer, and workman, with planes, handsaws, hammers, etc., on or in the Seventh-day Adventist Church on said 19th day of November, 1893, the same being the Lord's day, said labor not being works of necessity or charity, contrary to the laws of said State, the good order, peace, and dignity thereof. D. H. Stansbury, known to and subscribed before me this Nov. 21st, 1893. S. K. CHRISTOPHER, N, P. & J. P." "Georgia. } I, D. H. Stansbury, in the name and Hall Co. in behalf of the citizens of Georgia, charge and accuse W. A. McCutchen and E. C. Keck with the offense of misdemeanor, for that the said W. A. McCutchen and E. C. Keck did on the 19th day of November, 1893, in the county aforesaid, as a laborer, artificer, and workman, work on and in the Seventh-day Adventist Church with planes, hammers, handsaws, etc., on said 19th day of November, 1893, being the Lord's day, said labor not being works of necessity or charity, con-trary to the laws of said State, the good order, peace, and dignity thereof. " HOWARD THOMPSON, Solicitor. " D. H. STANSBURY, Prosecutor. " City Court, Hall County. Ł " November Term,. 1893." In connection with all this, I might say that railway trains run every Sunday; street cars and 'buses do the same; the post-office is open part of the day, cattle are killed for beef, some selling is done by a few stores, wood is cut, and the mayor who fined us has a tan-yard in the city where he keeps men at work every Sunday. During the trial, Brother McCutchen asked one of the wit-nesses if he had ever seen or known of anything similar being done. The mayor refused to allow the question to be answered. All candid minded people can see the spirit behind the whole thing. Thus it appears that in Georgia as in Tennessee and Maryland, the civil law has become an engine of religious perse- cution. C. P. B. Catholics Ask State Aid for Parochial Schools. A CIRCULAR on the public school ques-tion, issued under the authority and by the direction of Cardinal Gibbons, has been distributed among both Protestants and Catholics in Baltimore, and the State of Maryland generally. The intention of the circular is thought to be to sound the public as to its sentiment in the matter of placing parochial schools on an equal foot-ing with the public schools as objects of State support. The circular makes its arguments not for Roman Catholic paro-chial schools alone, but for all denomina-tional schools. High Protestant authority is quoted to show the great benefits to be derived from teaching religion in the public schools. The system of education in vogue in 'England, Ireland, Canada, Austria, Prussia, and the German States, is also cited as combining State and de-nominational schools supported by public funds, and is asserted to be thought pref-erable in those countries to any other system. The circular is a very subtle and specious example of special pleading. These para-graphs will show the course of thought followed:Š Since it is considered by all that religion is an essential element of civilization and the bulwark of civil government, we consider that the State, in its educational system, should have regard for the right of parents, and accord to them the religious freedom guaranteed by the Constitution. As the law now stands, parents who prefer parochial schools as places of education for their children are deprived of the benefit of their taxes as far as educating their own offspring is helped by them. They are also led from motives of charity to educate the poor of their denomination; this three-fold tax is very onerous. Furthermore, the system of education which the State adopts,, presents to our minds a grievance very much to be deplored, the absence of religion in the public schools. . . . We wish it to be understood that it is not our purpose to interfere with the public schoolsŠwe  only desire such a modification of the present com-mon school system, so that the conscience of parents be respected, and that the State sees, that evenhanded justice be done to all citizens, that none be taxed without deriving therefrom a cor-responding benefit, and thus public blessings may be commensurate with public burdens. We are persuaded that the above modifications, by extending the school system to all schools under the auspices of the various religious denominations, and thus increasing the number of public schelars many thousands in Baltimore alone, would rather strengthen and render more popular and useful the  common school system than in any wise impair or hurt it. It seems evident that a very thorough experiment is to be made in the State of Maryland to test public opinion on this question, and see whether the entering point of the wedge cannot be driven there. It is interesting to see with what mar-vellous subtlety the ideas of religious freedom and of equitable taxation are turned from their just and natural uses to enforce and support an erroneous appli-cation of the principles for which they stand . This circular is distinctively and pe-culiarly characteristic of the dialectic skill and intellectual craftiness of Rome, and may deceive many into thinking its posi-tions very broad and liberal and generous. It is noticeable that the same privileges are asked for other denominational schools as for Roman Catholic schools; this can be pointed to as an example of great fair-ness and as an exhibition of almost un-exampled generosity and forbearance in doing good to those who are despitefully using them in this regard. But really the Roman Catholic Church, in thus assisting those who are opposing it selfishly and from mistaken motives, would be really in the end doing itself service, and no doubt this fact is realized at the fountain head from which all its movements issue. W. H. M. State Aid to Parochial Schools. [The New York Sun of Nov. 27, contains the fol-lowing telegraphic matter from Albany, N. Y., and Baltimore, Md., on the question of State aid to parochial schools.] THE Right Rev. Bishop William Cros-well Doane of the Albany Episcopal Dio-cese was asked to-day for his views in regard to the proposed passage of a bill by the next State legislature providing for State aid for parochial schools. Such a bill has already been drafted by Mr. Den-nis A. Spellissey, a member of the New York City Bar, having this object in view, and it is likely to be vigorously pushed at the coming session. Bishop Doane's views will be of interest in connection with the opinions expressed by Cardinal Gibbons, of Baltimore, in the morning papers. He said: " The system of education known as the common school system in America is justly regarded as among the most essential fac-tors in good government. It has never been based upon the rights of children to be educated, but upon the necessity of the State to protect itself from the danger of a class of citizens, who, being uneducated and ignorant, become immoral and inimi-cal to good government. It is all the more important, since the possession of the ballot makes numbers powerful, and uni-versal intelligence is the only safeguard of universal suffrage." Referring particularly to the bill which will be introduced next January, and to the petition of prominent Catholics in the State which will accompany its introduc-tion, the bishop said : " The very ground, therefore, of the 