LIBERTY. 58 DEPARTING FROM AMERICAN PRINCIPLES. What Prominent Americans Are Saying. THE axiom that governments derive their just powers "from the consent of the, governed is a base-less assumption.ŠLyman 'Abbott. THE Constitution or national policy adopted by thirteen half-consolidated, weak, rescued colonies, glad to be able to call their lives their own, can not be expected to hamper the greatest nation in the world.ŠFranklin McVeagh. .4 .4 IT is a favorite notion now to quote the words governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed," as if these embodied a law of application to all in-habitants alike. . . . The Declaration of Inde-pendence was a formal notice that the inhabitants of the, colonies consented no longer' to British rule: ŠNew York Tribune. ot THE Declaration of Independence was made to suit a particular existing condition of things. The Declaration meant simply that the colonies had be-,come tired of the English domination, deeming it oppressive and intending to set up a government of their own, by the right of revolution. They were not laying down a principle for anybody except themselves.ŠNew York Sun. I WANT to say before I conclude, Mr. Chairman, that I am not impressed with the argument that all government is by consent of the governed. That is a proposition that, however nicely it looks the-oretically, We have never adopted in practice in this country. . . . The rule does not apply to republican representative government.ŠSpeech in Congress by Representative Datzell, of Pennsylvania. AND so to-day there are those who wave the Declaration of Independence in our faces, and tell us that the thing to do is to deliver over those is-lands of the archipelago in the East to the people who are their rightful masters; for " all governments derive their just powers from 'the con-sent of the governed." So wrote Thomas Jefferson. Do you remember that the Lord said' to Joshua, "My ser- vant is dead "? And so is Thomas Jefferson.ŠRev. P. S. Henson, Chicago. THE Declaration of Independence was, the great-est campaign.  document that was ever written, but when the colonial representatives argued the ques-tion that all men were created equal, what they meant was that they were just as good as English-men. They had no thought of the negro slaves who were toiling on American plantations, or of the Indians, whom they despised and detested. The application was direct to themselves, and the sweep-ing generalizations were gratifying because they im-parted the necessary fervor to the document.ŠChi-cago Times-Herald. THE framers of the American Declaration of In-dependence were inspired by an ardent patriotism and by lofty motives, and their statements embod-ied a sufficient justification of the cause to which they sought to devote their countrymen; but there was no revelation of universal and eternal truth in the "glittering generalities" with which they pre-faced those statements. On the contrary, they Con-secrated to perpetuity some of the most obvious fallacies that were ever promulgated to mislead men. They proclaimed it to be a self-evident truth " that all men are created equal; that they are en-dowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness." Whatever interpretation and exegesis may do for this declaration, in the sense in which it is commonly accepted and used in the place of argument, it is neither self-evident nor truth. . . . All men are simply not created equal in any possible sense of the word.ŠAmos Fiske, in North American Review. EXAMINE THE LABEL. THE yellow label on your paper indicates the date on which your subscription expires. Please examine it closely, and if it reads S5'2719 y-ou should forward your renewal without delay in order to avoid the Foss of any papers. Please also bear in mind that even though your subscription may not" expire until October or No-vember it will be safe :to renew your subscription now, and by so doing secure our map of Asia at once. We send it post-free to old subscribers who ad-vance their subscription one year by the payment of one dollar. See description of map elsewhere, and if you desire it, act on this suggestion. 