14.dEtt 1L1 A..1V Vol, 8, No. e. is the logic of the situation, and it is the exact truth. Their every action only fur-ther illustrates it; and their calling other people " anarchists," " rebels," " traitors," atheists," and so on, can never disprove this abiding truth. Tins is the same conclusion to which we were forced last year by the logic of their course in securing the act of Con-gress requiring the closing of the Fair. It is the only just conclusion that can ever be reached from the basis of ecclesiastical dictation or control in the affairs of the Government. And this for the plain and simple reason that on the part of the ecclesiastics it is never intended that they shall pay any respectful attention to any law or any decision that does not suit them. Therefore the only purpose for which they ever resort to either legisla-tive or judicial,  procedure is that the gov-ernmental authority may be at their dis-posal with which to execute upon the peo-ple their arbitrary will. And this, in itself, is at once to sweep away all really just, or properly legal, government. AND all this only makes the more man-ifest the divine wisdom which commands the total separation of the ecclesiastical lend the civil powers, which forbids the Church to have any connection with the State. It also demonstrates the wisdom of the men who made the Government of the United States, in embodying in the Constitution and the supreme law the di-vine idea for governmentsŠthe total sep-aration of Church and State. And this which has been done, and which is now being done, by the churches, is only a hint, and the beginning, of the sea of troubles into which the Government will be plunged, and indeed finally sunk by this gross disregard of the governmental principle established by our fathers, and announced by Jesus Christ. So, long as the Church keeps herself entirely separate from the State, she can consistently and rightly disregard any and all legislative acts, judicial decrees, or executive powers, put forth upon religious questions; because she ever denies the right of government to touch religion or any religious question in any way. But when she forgets her place and her high privilege, and herself actually invites gov-ernmental jurisdiction of religious observ-ances, she then, by so doing, and in jus-tice, forfeits her power of protest, and her right to disregard governmental com-mands in things religious, while in fact and in practice she refuses to let it go, so that whenever the Government does not do according to her will she openly and intentionally disregards the very authority which she herself has invoked. She thus becomes the chief est example and source of lawlessness, and the swiftest instrument of governmental ruin. AND this is what the Sunday leaders of the United States are; and this is the re-lation which they bear to the Government to-day. J. EVERY man's first and highest alle-giance in this world is due to his Creator. " We ought to obey God rather than men." It is for this reason that no man can, of right, control his fellow in things pertain-ing to his duty toward God. The Pope and the Schools. THE Pope has written another letter on the school question in America, in which, while he reaffirms the decrees of the Third Plenary Council of Baltimore, and declares that Catholic schools are to be most sedulously promoted," he says that " it is to be left to the judgment and conscience of Catholic parents to decide when it is lawful and when unlawful to allow their children to attend public schools." To this language the Mail and Express takes exception, saying, that it " is to declare, what we indignantly repudiate and resent, that to attend the public schools under certain circumstances is unlawful. Our laws," continues the Mail and Express, "do not leave such questions to the judg-ment and conscience of individuals. The propriety and authority of our institutions are determined by the expressed will of the whole people. If we have not surren- dered this power of determination to in- dividual citizens, then certainly the Pope has no right to confer such a power, whether for political or ecclesiastical con- siderations. To attempt such a thing is an impertinent intrusion that will meet with that spirited resentment which the American people always visit upon those who would encroach upon their liberties and privileges." As is frequently the case, the Pope is right and the Mail and Express is wrong. Evidently the expression, Decide when it is lawful and when unlawful," has ref-erence not to civil, but to ecclesiastical law. The Pope simply leaves it with the conscience of the parent whether he will send his child to the public school or to the parochial school ; and that is just where it should be left. We are not dis-puting the right of the State to maintain public schools, or even to insist that all children shall have opportunity to gain a common school education; but to deny Catholics the right to educate their chil-dren at their own expense in their own schools would be to do a monstrous wrong; it would be " out-Heroding Herod." The public schools are necessarily secu-lar ; they give only secular instruction. There are a great many people who think that moral and scientific training should go together;. and in order that their chil-dren may be taught in this way, they maintain private or church schools, in which religious instruction is given. This is their right, and to deprive them of it would be a most unwarranted exercise of governmental power. The American common school system never contemplated such a thing, and no true American would take such a position. It is an ominous sign of the times that some so-called Prot-estants are ready to assert for' the Govern-ment such despotic power, power utterly subversive of the most sacred rights of conscience. We would as soon fall into the hands of the Pope himself as to be turned over to the tender mercies of men who, calling themselves Protestants, would deny their fellows the privilege of maintaining denominational schools for the education of their own offspring. The proposition is worthy of Ignatius Loyola himself. The comment of the World on the Pope's letter is altogether more in keeping with American and Protestant ideas than are the narrow and bigoted expressions of the Mail and Express. The World says :Š Thtt our American free public schools will be maintained in their integrity and homogeneity is  very certain. But this is a free country. While the law may require that all children shall attend some school, attendance on the public schools will not be enforced on those children whose parents prefer private schools for them, and the so-called parochial schools are private schools. The unani-mous, decision of the Supreme Court of Massachu-setts on Wednesday sustains this view. Nor will the community regard with favor any religious or social war on the common schools, or any policy of punishment of those who elect to send their chil-dren to them. To wage a systematic warfare against  the public school system is quite a &fferent thing from simply maintaining i t irate schools from choice, or in obediei ice to the dictates of conscience. It will be a sad day for America when parents are denied the right to educate their children in their own way at their own expense. C. P. B. Ł The.  Inquisition in Massachusetts. THE editor of the Christian Statesman has been operating recently in Massachu-setts, and as elsewhere the Inquisition springs up along his track. The thing is called a Sunday Protective League. Its object is stated to be- -To repress Sabbath-breaking, intemperance, gam-bling and impurity, by holding public meetings, by distributing literature, and by the enforcement of existing laws. Among other things, Article 5, of the Constitution provides thatŠ The Secretary shall appoint an Investigating Committee of four, known only to himself, the first of whom shall on the first week of each month, the second on the second, and so following, ascertain personally what violationsŠfirst, of the civil law, second, of the higher laws of GodŠare in progress, and report fully in writing to the Sec-retary who shall in turn inform the public author-ities, so far as he can wisely do so, as to violations of the State law, and the Board as to these and all other wrongs related to the work of this organiza-tion. The SENTINEL has before called atten-tion to the organization of these leagues, and to this scheme of espionage by secret spies unknown even to each other, and of course unknown to those against whom they are to inform. It is a cowardly scheme designed to defeat that wise pro-vision of our fundamental law that the accused shall be confronted by his ac-cuser. This scheme permits the accuser to hide behind the police or other officers, and affords unbounded opportunity for levying blackmail, or for venting in a most cowardly way petty spite for purely personal reasons. B. Sunday News-Gathering. WE are very much afraid that though the Mail and Express publishes no Sunday edition,Šand no evening paper ever does, Šit is not keeping Sunday as it wants other people to keep it. In its edition of Monday, June 26, it gave this item of news concerning the Columbian Exposi-tion on the previous day The list of exhibits closed would fill two pages of the Mail and Express. Two-thirds of the New York State exhibit was entirely covered. Twenty-eight of the State buildings and thirteen National buildings were closed tight. Even the most indif-ferent of the visitors could not fail to notice the extraordinary number of closed or covered exhibits. The number of closed foreign displays caused general comment. All the United States Govern-ment exhibits were closed. None of the prominent New York visitors were to be seen about the grounds during the day. Perish the thought, that any "Mail and Expressman" was " desecrating " the " American Sabbath " by gathering news 