70 THE AMERICAN 8ENTINET-e. no civil law, and is therefore not answerable to the State. The seventh commandment says, "Thou shalt not commit adultery." It is within the province of the State to . punish the man who openly commits adultery with his neighbor's *ife; yet that man may not be half so cor-rupt as another one whose every thought is impure, and whose soul is rotten with medi-tated vice which he has not the power or the courage to openly practice, yet upon whom the -State can lay no hand, because he has invaded no household. Then let no one say that the State is or ever can be the conserva-tor of morals: All it can do, and all it is ap-pointed to do, is to punish those whose un-restrained vices interfere with the rights of society. The very expressions "civil laws " and "civil government" define the extent of the State's jurisdiction. As to the morals of the people, it is impossible for it to take cognizance of them, even if the right to do so were given it. The State may overstep her prerogatives, and enforce the customs and ceremonies of relig-ion, but in so doing it will be making hypo-crites, and will seriously-interfere with the work of the gospel; by making men believe themselves to be moral, and in no need of conversion, although they may be, in reality, as corrupt as the inhabitants of Sodom. Ł 4. As to Mr. Gibson, it is a matter of very small moment whether he is personally con-nected with the National Reform Association or not. If the Chronicle reporter was misin-formed, that ends that matter, but does not affect the main question in the least. 5. The SENTINEL has never soughtto make capital against the W. C. T. U. or the Prohibi-tion party by arraying them with the National Reform movement, although we are sure, as our correspondent tacitly admits, that it is to their discredit that they are so arrayed. It should be understood that the SENTINEL deals first, last, and all the time with the National Reform Association, and has no crusade to make against any other association. As a matter of fact, the SENTINEL is heartily in favor of the W. C. T. U. as far as it adheres to its legitimate temperance- work, and we have mentioned that organization only to show how rapidly the current is setting to-ward National Reform principles. We regard it as a great calamity that an organization with such power for good as the Woman's Christian Temperance Union should lend it-self, however innocently, to the furtherance of National Reform designs. When the W. C. T. U. does this, then to that extent it nec-essarily brings itself into the same condem-nation as the National Reform Association. 6. We have not the data at hand to verify or disprove the statement made concerning the attitude of Grant, Sumner, and Andrews toward National Reform, and it is of little consequence anyway. It matters not how certain men, no matter how great, have re-garded this question. We are discussing the case on its own merits, and if the National Reform movement is intrinsically wrong, as we believe it is, it cannot be bettered by the ad- herence of any number of eminent men. We do not borrow trouble from the Chronicle nor from any other source. There will be no ne-cessity for any lover of justice to borrow trouble so long as the National Reform Asso-ciation exists. We speak the things which we know, and do not take our information at second hand. We consider it our duty, how-ever, to let our readers know how other jour-nals regard the movement which the SENTINEL is combating; but in giving their opinions we do not necessarily become responsible for all their statements. That the SENTINEL'S charges against the movement are incontro-vertible is evidenced, we think, to some extent by the fact that not a single National Re-former has ever attempted to deemonstrate the fallacy of one of them. E. J. W. Ł Ł  40 Some Facts about National Reform. THE Christian Nation of July 13, 1887, pre-sents an argument to show that " National Reform is non-sectarian." It presents "three facts " and then says :Š "The_ National Reform Association is not asking the nation to recognize Calvinism, Ar-minianism, Catholicism, or any other.ism." On this point of " any other ism" we have a word to say, and we shall say it, after the manner of the Christian Nation, by presenting a few factsŠmore than threeŠfor the consid-eration of the people in general and of the Christian Nation in particular. First fact. The first step that was ever taken, the first paper that was ever presented, in favor of the National Reform movement, or the organizatian of that association, was by a Reformed Presbyterian. Second fact. Until within about the last three years, all the active public workers Šthe District SecretariesŠof the National Re-form Association have been Reformed Presby-terians, and all but three of themŠLeiper, Weir, and 'MillsŠare now Reformed Presby-terians. Third fact. Both of the editors of the Chris-tian StatesmanŠDr. McAllister and T. P. Ste-vensonŠare Reformed Presbyterians. Dr. Mc-Allister is a-  professor in a Reformed Pres-byterian College,. and Mr. Stevenson is pastor of a Reformed Presbyterian Church in Phila-delphia. Fourth fact. Mr. -John W. Pritchard, by whom the Christian Nation is "conducted," is a Reformed Presbyterian ; and for two years or more was the Reformed Presbyterian Syn-od's "Financial Agent for National Reform." Fifth fact. Both the Christian Statesman and the Christian Nation are recognized church papers of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, as well as organs of National Reform. Sixth fact. The Reformed Presbyterian, for the month of January, 1870, published to the world an article by Rev. James Wallace, in which are the following statements:- 1. " This important truth of the Lordship of Jesus Christ over the nations, was attained by our reforming and martyred Fathers in Scotland, . . . and has been transmitted down to us sealed with their blood, and is the precious and peculiar inheritance of the Re- formed Presbyterian Church, and. distinguishes her from all the other evangelical churches in this and other lands. No other church pro-fesses to maintain this great principle in its practical applications." 2. " The distinctive principles of the Re-formed Presbyterian Church are the principles, and the only principles, of National Reform." 3. "Now the Association for National Reform simply proposes to have these distincive prin-ciples of the Reformed Presbyterian Church adopted into the Constitution of the United States, annulling any parts of that Constitution that may be inconsistent with these principles. . . . The adoption of this Amendment into the Constitution would be the Govern-ment doing . . . the highest honor to the Lord Jesus Christ, and the greatest benefit to our church." 4. "The principles of National Reform are our principles, and its work is our work. National Reform is simply the practical application of the principles of the Reformed Presbyterian Church for the reformation of the nation." (The Italics are his.) Seventh fact. These statements are confirmed by Rev. J. R. W. Sloane's account of the &-formed Presbyterian Church, in the " Schaff-Herzog Encyclopedia," in which he says:Š "The more special and distinctive principle of this church, the one in which she differs from all others, is her practical protest against the secular character- of the United States Con-stitution. . . . They take the deepest in terest in that reform movement which has for its object the amendment of the United States Constitution in those particulars in which they consider it defective. Indeed, they feel specially called to aid in its success, at what-ever cost or personal sacrifice." Eighth fact. The Reformed Presbyterian Synod of 1886 in its report on National Re-form said :Š " It is ours to hold up the ideals of God, which have originated the National Reform cause." And the Synod of 1885 said of National Re-form, that " This is the tap-root of the Re-formed Presbyterian Church." Therefore the sum of all this matter isŠ THE UNDENIABLE TRUTH, that National Re-form is nothing under heaven but Reformed PresbyterianismŠand that in politics. In view of these facts, the statement of the Christian Nation that " the National Reform Association is not asking the nation to recog-nize Calvinism, Arminianism, Catholicism, or any other ism," looks rather queer as a rep-resentation of truth. And all the more so as it is so exceedingly difficult to understand how it can be that the Reformed Presbyterian conductor of the Christian Nation does not know of these facts. In proof of the "non-sectarian character of the National Reform creed " the Christian Na-tion proposes the fact that "the membership of the National Reform Association embraces representatives of almost every evangelical communion. Joseph Cook and Dr. Miner, Dr. Leonard and Bishop Littlejohn, Frances E. Willard and Julia McNair Wright, and thousands of others . . . find room and welcome on the broad platform of National Reform." But it proves nothing of the kind, because the "broad (?).platform of National Reform " is composed only of the narrow dis-tinctive principles of the Reformed Presby- 