86 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "4. This seventh-day Sabbath was strictly observed by Christ and his apostles previous to his crucifixion. Mark 6:2; Luke 4:16, 31; 13:10; Acts 1:12-14; 13:14, 42-44; 17:2; 18:4. "5. Jesus, after his resurrection, changed the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day of the week." Mr. James.ŠSee how clear and plain that makes the change of the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day -of the week, Mr. Brown! Mr. Brown.ŠO, but we are Protestants, and the Prot-estant rule of faith is, "The Bible, and the Bible alone;" "To the law and to the testimony: if they speak not ac--cording to this word, it is because there is no light in them" [Isa. 8:20; 2 Tim. 3:15-17]. Why didn't you take down the Bible to see what you believe, rather than your standard church books to see what your church elders -and bishops would allow you to believe that the Bible taught on that subject?ŠWhat does the Bible say about the change of the Sabbath? Ł Clerk.ŠHere are two paragraphs (pp.171, 181) right ' -on that point, that will make the matter clear:Š "It is true there is no positive command for infant baptism, . . . nor is there any for keeping holy the first day of the week. "Jesus, after his resurrection, changed the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day of the week . . . When Jesus gave instructions for this change we are not told, but very likely during the time when he spake to his apostles of the things pertaining to his kingdom." Acts 1-3. This is probably one of the many unrecorded things which Jesus did. John 20:30; 21:25." "In this we are only following what is freely admitted by the greatest bodies of Christian workers, and by all the greatest Protestant denominations : as you can see by the following paragraphs from the superintendent of the Sabbath-Observance Department of the National and World's W. C. T. U. and the president of the American -Sabbath Union, which was organized and is cooperated in by fourteen of the leading denominations in the United States:Š " `Ques.ŠIf Jesus wished the day changed, why did he not command it? "'Ans.ŠA command to celebrate the resurrection -could not wisely1be made before the resurrection occur-red. He probably gave his own ditciples such direction afterwards, "when speaking of things pertaining to the kingdom." "'ŠLeaflet No. 3 of the Sabbath-Observance Department of the National W. C. T. U., by Mrs. J. C. Bateham, Superintendent of the Sabbath-Observance De-partment of the National and World's W. C. T. U. "Our opponents declare, 'We are not satisfied with inferences and suppositions; show us where the first day is spoken of as holy, or as being observed ins read of the seventh; we must have a direct positive command of God.' We admit there is no such command. But if 'we are to be limited by such a demand, all of us shall soon find ourselves in a very entangling predicament."Š"Pearl of Days" Leaflet, No. 3, by Rev. Geo. S. Mott, D. D., Pres-ident of the American Sabbath Union. Mr. James.ŠSee how clearly that settles the question! That "Theological Compend" is a handy book to have to help you out on such questions. Let me sell you a copy, Mr. Brown. Mr. Brown.ŠBut what your clerk read from those standard authorities reminds me of what my neighbor further said about the unfinished Protestant Reforma-tion from the traditional errors of the Roman Catholic Church; which church, like the Jewish Church in the days of the Saviour (Matt. 15:1-9, 13), rests upon the "tra-dition of the elders" and the authority of the church in-stead of the Bible. Especially is this so on this Sabbath question. Let me read you a few sentences from stand-ard Catholic works that my neighbor loaned me:Š "You are a Protestant, andŁ  you profess to go by the Bible, and the Bible only; and yet in so important a matter as the observance of one day in seven as a holy day, you go against the plain letter of the Bible, and put another day in the place of that day which the Bible has commanded. . . . We come to the time of the (so-called) Reformation, when it so happened that those who conducted the change of religion in this country left this particular portion of Catholic faith and practice untouched." "It was the Catholic Church which, by the authority of Jesus Christ, has transferred this rest to the Sunday in remembrance of the resurrection of our Lord. Thus the observance of Sunday by the Protestants is an homage they pay, in spite of themselves, to the authority of the church." "Reason and common sense demand the acceptance of one or the other of these alternatives : either Protestantism and the keeping holy of Saturday, or Catholicity and the keeping of Sunday. Compromise is impossible." Then I guess we are in for finishing that great Ref-ormation from the errors of what the Apostle John and all early Protestants have styled, "The mother of harlots and abominations of the earth." And do you know, Mr. James, that the Catholic Church makes this Sunday-keep-ing above everything else the sign of our submission to them instead of to what God says in the Bible? Listen to this:Š "Which church does the whole civilized world obey? Protestants . . . profess great reverence for the Bible, and yet by their solemn act of keeping Sunday they ac-knowledge our power and obey our church instead of the Bible. The Bible says, 'Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy,' but the Catholic Church says 'No, keep the first day of the week,' and all the world bows down in si-lent obedience to the mandates of the Catholic Church." Compare this with Rom. 6:16. And they make this Sunday institution the seal or mark of their power and authority that renders valid their laws and enactments among Protestants. Says Cardinal Gibbons, who is at, the head of the Catholic Church in the United States:Š "Of course the Catholic Church claims that the change was her act. . . . And the act is a mark of her ecclesi-astical power and authority in religious matters." You certainly would not wish me, when enlightened on the subject, to knowingly adopt the rule of faith of the Roman Catholic Church in the place of the Protestant ruleŠ"The Bible, and the Bible alone;" nor to adopt the very seal or mark by which it proves and attests its 