120 AMERICAN SENTINEL, speakable brutality, and prostituted its power in aid of undisguised lawlessness, presents a phase of degradation that must necessarily be regarded as a crime against so-ciety, and such a distinct reproach to our boasted civil-ization that the effect cannot be otherwise than to con-demn us as a people by thus offending the moral senti-ment and provokingthe righteous criticism of the enlight-ened nations of the globe.' " We notice this only because of some queries which naturally connect themselves with it, which call for ex-planation; and the more so because the above quotation seems to express the ideas of a large number of, more or less eminent authorities upon the subject. Do these would-be teachers of morality and molders of public opinion really think that it is worse to license a prize fight than to license a saloon? We know what the fruits of the saloon are, and if there can be any more baneful, we would like to be told what they are. Yet almost every State in the Union licenses thousands of grog shops, to say nothing of gambling hells, and other places of vice and debauchery. Is there any disgrace in this? Do these things,  constitute any reproach to our "boasted civilization "? It would, seem not, in the view of those who have been so shocked at the action of the governor and legis-lature of Nevada. If otherwise, why are such things not "driven from State to State, with their debasing exhibi-tions, by legislative enactment "? Some States have'enforced Sunday laws upon honest, conscientious observers of the seventh-day Sabbath, punishing them by fine and imprisonment, and even working them in the chain-gang. Yet we never heard from any of the leading religious journals that there was any disgrace in this to State or Nation. Several hundred thousand menŠhusbands and fa-thersŠgo down every year into drunkards' graves, sev-eral hundred thousand homes are blasted, several hun-dred thousand children made paupers, through the grog shops licensed in every part of the land. Yet the "honor of the nation" was all unsullied, until at last it was "besmirched" by a bill to legalize prize fights ! More than this; the State of New York itself has for some time licensed "glove contests," and contests of this kind are conducted in the heart of New York City, be-tween which and the contests licensed in Nevada there is not, as to character, the difference between tweedledee and tweedledum. Yet it is only the State of Nevada which has been thereby brought into disgrace! This, and much more that might be said, prompts the query before mentioned,ŠDo these persons who are declaiming so loudly against the State of Nevada really believe what is plainly inferred from their words? If they do, then as moral teachers they are about as reli-able as were the Pharisees denounced by the Saviour, who strained at a gnat and swallowed a camel. If, on the other hand, they do not believe, what in effect they say, they are guilty of disgraceful hypocrisy. In either case, we can but wonder what kind of a standard of morality these persons must possess, by which to justify such teaching. And what will become of sound public sentiment under the molding influence of such teachers? Can it be expected that it will be any-thing else than pharisaical? The disposition to gloss over great iniquities, while laying great stress upon the wickedness of compara-tively small offenses, is one of the most baleful signs of the times. When this was done by the Pharisees of old, the nation of Israel was nigh to its end. The great need of the hour is for men of principle,Šmen who will denounce evil not because it may be fash-ionable to do so, but simply because it is evil, and who will condemn it in proportion to its magnitude, no mat-ter how firmly it may have become entrenched in law and custom; men who are not seeking for some cheap expedient by which to acquire a reputation for morality; men who-know the difference between true morality and " respectability; " men to whom character is of more value than reputation. In short, the great need of the hour is for'more Christians Repudiating the Ballot. THE following from a letter by General Master Work-man Sovereign, of the Knights of Labor, was printed in the New York Herald, of February 15. It indicates in a startling manner how far the country has already lapsed from the standard of Republican government, and the proximity of national perils which have been wont to at-tend monarchy and imperialism:Š "Private Dalzell, in a Washington newspaper, seems. to overlook the fact that in the recent election one mill-ion voters in this country lost faith in the ballot, and that the Iron Brotherhood and the Industrial Army, both secret revolutionary societies, are now being organized in every part of the country. "What we need is an agitation at home that will force the people to a test against our own social and economic disorders. Scarcely a day passes that I do not read one or more appeals to join one or the other of the revolutionary orders now being formed in this country, and offers of money and arms are frequently received if I will give my efforts to the cause of revolution. Thus far I have persistently declined to give aid or encouragement to such movement. But if, throUgh the writings of such men as Private Dalzell, revolutions come in spite of all efforts to prevent it, .I will not be found among the cowards, nor on the side of the plutocratic classes. "One word in favor of war with a foreign country will multiply tenfold into a desire for revolution at home. The general unrest of the people is not caused by a hatred of foreign nations, but because of robbery imposed on them by class legislation of our own Government, and if incited to war as a relief, they will direct their attack against the source of their oppression, and not against a foreign nation that did not possess the admin- 