AMERICAN SENTINEL. 13: will have to be paid by this Government or by the Cuban republic which is to be organized. "There is no question but that the occupation of the churches in Puerto Rico and the Philippines will have to be paid for. These islands are United States terri-tory, to all intents and purposes, and there is, no dis-pute but that if American troops should occupy a church in one of the States of the Union, the United States would have to pay the owners for it. The ques-tion will probably be referred to in Secretary Root's report with a recommendation that the court of claims be given jurisdiction to decide what shall be a just com-pensation. The claims filed amount to more than $1,000,000." The Crusade for Sunday Closing. Tan New York Journal, of December 18, gave this summary of the situation as regards the Sunday-closing crusade in this vicinity:Š "The Sunday atmosphere in the country about this city is rapidly assuming the hue of the sky. Blue laws are being revived everywhere. "Up in Mount Vernon the Christian Endeavorers are active. Chief of Police Foley announces that in defer-ence to them he will endeavor to close Mount Vernon as tight as a drum on Sunday. "Men with thirsts in Mount Vernon yesterday were compelled to suffer or come to New York for alleviation. Relays of Christian Endeavorers watched the saloons with eagle eyes and none dared open a door. The police paid attention to merchants of Hebrew faith who con-tend that since they observe Saturday as their Sabbath they may do business in their stores on Sunday. "Morris Greenwald is one of these. He was behind his counter yesterday morning when Policeman Gilroy, in plain clothes, entered and purchased an umbrella. The scandalized Gilroy immediately arrested Greenwald. Policeman Masterson bought a necktie of Jacob Feder-man and arrested him for violation of the Sunday law. Two other merchants were arrested. . . . "New Haven, which has hitherto been as cheerful a place to spend Sunday in as any Connecticut town can be, slipped back to the Blue Law observance of 200 years ago yesterday. The city was like a cemetery. Not a store nor a barber shop was open. The mer-chants and barbers have decided to make the place so blue on Sundays that the people will rise up and clamor greedily for a change of color. The only diverting inci-dents of the day were furnished by barbers who skulked through the streets carrying suspicious looking bags containing the necessaries for shaving the visage of their customers at their own homes. "Paterson, N. J., was closed up so tight that trains passed through with a hollow rumble as if running over a covered bridge. Paterson has been closed up for sev-eral Sundays. An effort has been made to 'open the barber shops, and Recorder Senior will decide to-day the delicate question of the necessity of a Sunday shave. There is no precedent on the New Jersey statute books. "In case the decision of the Recorder is against the barbers, who are fighting for open shops, they threaten  to enforce every provision of the New Jersey blue laws. Under these a Patersonian who walks or rides or whis-tles or sings or kisses his wife on Sunday is guilty of a crime. "Ice cream and candy stores in Englewood, N. J., which have been closed on Sundays for some time, were open yesterday. The crusade against them was dropped because of its unpopularity." A MOVEMENT for Sunday closing is reported under way in Chicago. The News, of that city, observes that "Chicago has an unenviable fame as regards its observ-anceŠor rather, lack of observanceŠof Sunday;" and it is equally indisputable that Chicago's reputation as regards morality is not an enviable one. But no city ever falls so low in the moral scale as to be beyond the reach of a Sunday closing movement. The movement seems to be proceeding along purely selfish lines, and hence does not call for any profession of regard for the religious welfare of the inhabitants. It is a matter of business between the associations of grocers, butchers, bakers, etc. The clerks in grocers' and butchers' shops have to work early and late through the week, and Sunday work in addition to this is too much; so these associations are going to settle the matter of Sunday work by voluntary agreement in favor of Sunday closing. If any members refuse to close on that day, they willŠaccording to precedentŠbe pros-ecuted under the Sunday law; not because of any reli-gious regard for the day, but because such action is considered unfair to the others and a proper cause of discipline by the trade unions. Very much of the sentiment for Sunday closing rests upon this basis; but it works to the same end as that sought by those who would unite church and state. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bang Dratl on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN S   H:N-11IN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom- promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year .00. 44 " Six months .50. " Three months - .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St, New York. 