Libertil fissoGiation ,4s0 ,00T JUSTiez fp s0)°'  KEEP k / Tilt STATE WO von ronveitstrAitAte-laR DEGIARRTION Of PRINCIPLES. 46 frivt-M AMERICAN" S8Nt'rINEL. of the Roman Catholic Church, who have ever claimed that Sunday was but a festival established by the church, like dozens of other festival days, refrain from calling Sunday the Sabbath, because they have always claimed that the Sabbath was only a Jewish institution, and should not be observed by Christians. There are also many thousands of people in our, country who observe the seventh day of the week- as the Sabbath, and in accordance with Bible language and the usage of all former historians, as well as many of those people who speak a foreign language, always call this day the Sab-bath, and much confusion must exist when both the seventh and the first days of the week are called by this name. When the older writers speak of people of other countries observing the Sabbath, it is very difficult for some to understand which day of the week is meant, and most people little think that those spoken of. observe the seventh day; and many in-stances of misrepresentations have occured by translating such words by Sunday or Lord's day. So long as the word Sunday, or its cognate in other languages, has been in use, so long has it meant only the first day of the week. So long as the word Sabbath, or its cognate, has been used, it has ever meant the seventh day of the week, except during the last three hundred years, when used by some English speak-ing people to mean the first day. It is a great mistake, and a great wrong, to so confound the meaning of the Sabbath. When the word of God always uses the word Sabbath to mean the seventh day of the week, it is not only a wrong but a great sin, to teach children or adults that it means Sunday. It is robbing God of that which belongs to him. " My holy day," are his oft-repeated words, and these are never used by him to mean Sunday.ŠC. D. Potter, M. D., in Sabbath Outlook. Ł -4- IT is announced that the matter of the Sunday opening of the Metropolitan Mu-seum, in this city, has not been finally set-tled, " although," as the Christian Union remarks, "the experiment of the last eight months has proved a success, and the pub-lic is as interested in the subject as before." The same paper thus explains the difficulty : " There is no money with which to keep the Museum open on that day and the two evenings a week. The city has been asked to assume the entire charge of the expenses of the Museum and then open it free every day, but it has no power to do so. Resort, therefore, must be had to the Legislature, or the Sunday opening be stopped. The cost for this extra day is about $12,000; the class of people who come then is a very quiet and orderly one, so that no damage is done by them to the collections. Until the meeting of the Trustees in February, when the matter will be settled in one way or another, the Museum will continue open as usual," We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as * curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit. ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-II ious questions. e believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFF S: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1226 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. A SUNDAY bill is before the Ohio Legislature, and a hearing upon the questions involved was held February 4. IN Costa Rica, Central America, a new political party has been formed, called the Partido Nacional, for the purpose of resisting the encroachments of the Church party, which has, of late, assumed the right to dictate in all matters, through the Bishop and the Church party organ. The Priests have for-bidden their parishioners to read the secular papers which have discussed the matter. Many of the Costa Ricans are opposed to compulsion in religion, and a political contest over the question  is ex-pected. THE Washington Post has this item in its column of Congressional paragraphs :Š " Said Congressman Belknap, of Michigan, yes-terday : ' I have received a bushel of petitions from churches and temperance societies, asking that the World's Fair be closed on Sunday. I am consider-ing them. What I would like is an expression from the vast army of working men and women, who cannot go at any other time. I would like to know what they think of closing the Fair on Sunday." ŁŁŁ-Ł-Ł H. P. HOLSER writes from Russia, as quoted by the Signs of the Times: " There are seven brethren in this church, and six of them are in prison, con-demned to five years' banishment. Two Germans share the same fate. One of them is a Sabbath-keeper and the other a Lutheran. The Lutheran was taken by mistake, instead of his son, who is a Sabbath-keeper ; and although he protested that he was not the man, and his pastor sent two telegrams, all availed nothing. This illustrates how much justice is obtained in the courts in cases of religious persecution." THAT the Michigan Sabbath Watchman has suc-ceeded in arousing an active interest in different methods of Sunday observance at Grand Rapids, Mich., is, shown by the following from that city, dated Feb. 1 :Š " The Messiah' was rendered last night by the local Oratorio Society, whose members include the wealthiest and most exclusive, society people here Much opposition had been made by the ministers of the city against the Sunday-night feature of the entertainment, and Bishop Gillespie of the Episcopal diocese published a vehement protest against it. "Hours before the time came for opening the doors a crowd extending two blocks filled the street in front of the hall. The doors were not opened  until after the close of the regular services in the churches, and by that time it was impossible to go within 300 feet of the hall entrance. " The Messiah' was given with introductory prayer and other religious exercises by a magnif-icent chorus, the best soloists in this part of the country, and a grand orchestra, before an audience of between 5,000 and 6,000, while thousands stood outside the hall." AT the Des Moines Sabbath Union Convention it was acknowledged that the term " Civil Sabbath" was deceptive. The same acknowledgment was virtually made at the Washington Convention of the National Reform Association held in December, 1890, where it was voted to discontinue the use of the term " Civil Sabbath." Under the present man-. agement it would seem that the American Sabbath Union contemplates throwing off the disguise of the citizen's cloak and appearing in its real distinctive attire, the priestly garb of the ecclesiastic. STATE Representative Kean has introduced the following in the Ohio Legislature ;Š " Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the State of Ohio, that the Board of Managers of the Fair to be held in the City of Chicago in the year A.D. 1893, be and they are hereby earnestly pe-titioned to exercise the authority in them vested in closing the gates of the Fair on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, in accordance with the law of God, the rights of man, and the prece-dents of our American history. " Resolved, That the Governor be requested to transmit to the proper officers of said Board a copy of this resolution." A SPECIAL dispatch from St. Paul, Minnesota reads :Š " The Roman Catholic-Protestant row over the Minnesota schools culminated yesterday, when At-torney-General Clapp gave the Committee of Prot-estant ministers his decision that in order to prevent the parochial schools, lately made part of the public school system, from securing a part of the State school money, suits should be brought against the County Auditors restraining them from apportion-ing any portion of the State fund in their hands to the schools which recently were parochial schools. Test suits will at once be brought against the Au-ditors of Rice and Washington counties to prevent them from applying the State school money for the maintenance of parochial schools at Faribault and Stillwater." Now let these Protestants who are so determined that the Romanists shall have no portion of the State's money show as much activity in excluding the hand of the Protestant Church from the pocket of the State and the United States, and they will begin to command the respect due to just and con-sistent citizens. A BILL " to define and punish blackmailing," in which it is provided that any person within the ex- clusive jurisdiction of the United States who shall make any disclosure, either oral, written, or printed, to the injury of personal character, " or for the pur-pose of ridicule or revenge," shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and liable to a penalty of not exceed-ing one thousand dollars fine, and imprisonment not to exceed one year, has just been passed by the House of Representatives, having been recommended for passage, without dissent, by the House Com- mittee on the Judiciary. The bill has met with more than general dis-approval. The Sun characterizes it as "An awful blunder of legislation," and quoting from the first amendment to the Constitution the clause " Con-gress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech or of the press," says, " the bill as it passed the House is simply the extraordinary result of in-comprehensible heedlessness." It is well to note the precedent for heedlessness here established; for, if unwatched, the same kind of legislation is liable at any time to give this Nation a United States Sunday law. _ _ _ B. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 