AMERICAN SENTINEL. 525 foreign firms in Manila met recently and agreed to urge upon the commission that the Franciscan, Dominican, and Augustinian monks be expelled from the is'ands, and that there be a stipulation, for the freedom of reli-gion. IT is altogether improbable that the United States will interfere with the monks and Jesuits in the Philip-pines. The Government does not interfere with them here at home, and it has sent a Roman Catholic prelate from this country to the Philippines in connection with the military expedition under General Merritt, for the special purpose of explaining to the monks and other Catholics on the islands that the United States is on friendly terms with the papacy. And so far as the influ-ence of the papacy can be used in the settlement of the question, the principles of government that have been in force on the islands will remain undisturbed. PROBABLY no other island territory could have been selected which would make the untried problem of colon-ization so difficult for the American Government as it will be upon the islands so long ruled by Spain. It will be interesting to watch he result of the experiment. A " Christian Nation " Defined. THE Independent (New York) quotes President Wash-burne as saying of the present course to be taken by the United States : " We shall do what we believe to lqe for our interest; or, if we can rise so high, what we see to be our duty to the world." " Why," then queries the Independent, "should we not rise so high? Is the Christian obligation of benefi-cence a solely personal one, and does it have nothing to do with nations? Is it the first duty of a nation to be selfish? Must it consider, first and only what will be for its own interests, with no regard to what are the inter-ests of other nations ? " This question, it says, is a very serious one, and a practical one as well. It is admitted that "It has been the habit of nations to act on the theory that they are not their brothers' keepers. Let other nations look out for themselves, has been their thought, and we will look out for ourselves. Of course," says the Independent, "this is not Christian; but it has been supposed that a nation has no soul, and that it was a mere misnomer to speak of a Christian nation, when we meant a nation in which the people pro-fessed more or less generally the Christian faith." The Independent then proceeds to state some things that "would be involved in a nation being really Chris-tian and loving its neighbor as itself":Š "Oneitself"  thing is that it would feel some obligation to protect other peoples than its own against injury or oppression. A truly Christian nation would not allow  the Turkish massacres to be repeated or the oppression of the Armenians to continue. It would suppress a rob-ber State as soon as a pirate ship. A truly Christian nation would put a stop to the Spanish oppressions next to it in Cuba, even at a considerable loss in blood and treasure. Bismarck's famous remark about a Pomer-anian grenadier was hideously unchristian; our inter-vention for Cuba was simply Christian. " When a war breaks out between two nations, a really Christian nation will enter upon it without vindic-tiveness, and will desire that its enemy may be as little humiliated as is possible consistently with the object of the war. It will remember the command, obligatory on nations as well as individuals, 'Love your enemies.' It will make the conditions of peace as little onerous or disagreeable as possible, and it will treat prisoners with courtesy and kindness; and when war is over it will be ready to do everything it can for the rehabilitation and comfort of its late foes." " Love your enemies; " yes, that is Christianity, and in connection with these words the author of Christian-ity said also, "Bless them that curse you, do good to them` that hate you, and pray for them which despite-fully use you, and persecute you." And this also is Christianity, and nothing less than this is demanded by it. Does this convey any hint of opposing one's enemies by sword and bullet ? Can it be reconciled with war ? Can Christianity be manifested through such weapons? If so, what need of spiritual weapons? Or is it a fact that Christian purposes can be promoted by carnal weapons of war? The plain teaching of Scripture is, " The weapons of our warfare are not carnal." Why this is so, why this must be so, is not difficult to see. Carnal weapons of warfare are for the purpose of killing men. A weapon that would not kill a man would never receive a moment's consideration from the military authorities of any nation. But spiritual weap-ons of warfare are for the purpose of killing sin, and saving men. The two must necessarily work at cross purposes. With every government on the earth, self comes first. Christ was unselfish. He laid down his life for his enemies; but in war every government makes its ene-mies lay down their lives for it. By their very nature civil governments cannot be Christian, and any pre-tended enforcement of Christianity by civil or military power is a fraud. "I AM tired and sick of moral essays. It would take about a ton of them to convert a child five years old. A man was talking of a certain church once, and said he liked it because the preacher never touched on politics and religion, just read nice little essays. Give the people the word of God. Some men only use the Bible as a textbook. They go up in a balloon and talk about astronomy, and then go down and give you a little geology, and next Sunday they go on in the same way, and then they wonder why it is the people do not read their Bibles.ŠD. L. Moody. 