720 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 16, 1899. NOT the least remarkable thing about the late Peace Congress is the peculiar echoes of it that are now being heard over the eastern hemis-phere. THE report which we print this week concerning religious persecu-tion in Turkey, written by a con-verted Artnenian who has for sev-eral years been laboring among his brethren in that field, throws light on the nature of Armenian "Chris-tianity." It is to be noted also that in that country, where there is no public sentiment to be reckoned with, the opponents of the seventh-day Sabbath sought not only to prevent the obRervers of that day from doing work on Sunday, but also to force them to make the sev-enth day an ordinary day of labor. It is only public sentiment that stands in the way of the like under-taking in some parts of the United States. ,P1  RECENTLY in this city, under the law which regulates "boxing con-tests," a "world's championship" battle was fought between two lead-ing pugilists, in which one of the contestants had a rib broken, and was badly disfigured, while both were pounded in the severest man-ner. All this was lawful; but a few nights later, in the same city, one of these same 'pugilists was arrested under the same law for giving an exhibition as part of a theatrical performance, in which no real blow was struck or intended. And yet a certain class of persons never tire of telling us that because anything is "the law of the land," it must be bowed down to with all reverence and obeyed without question. Some statutes are not entitled to any- thing but contempt. The important question in any case is not, Is it the law? but, Is it justice? THE Golden Rule in politicsŠas far as that principle is ever likely to get into politicsŠwas illustrated in the late campaign in Ohio, where "Golden Rule" Jones was an "independent" candidate for governor, and received some less than half the number of votes cast for the successful aspi-rant. It is surmised that if Mr. Jones had not been in the race for the governorship, a Democratic in-stead of a Republican governor might have been chosen to the office. However this may be, it is certain that at most the only result of Mr. Jones' "GoldenRule" politics was to shift the balance of power from one of the leading parties to the other, leaving the purification of politics and the overthrow of "boss" rule as far from being realized as it was before. There is a more hopeful way than this to work for the establish-ment of the GoldenRule in the earth, and that is to work for its establish-ment in, the individual heart by the power of God. This is God's way, and his way is not going to fail. THE idea that Christians should not engage in politics is to some good people quitehorrifying. What! the best people in the land withdraw and let the country's politics be run by the very worst! Dreadful! What would become of the government! etc. The thought brings up in their minds pictures of anarchy, barbar-ism, and governmental chaos. But, good friends, the truth is the government would not be affected at all by the withdrawal of Chris-tians from politics; for the simple reason that real Christians in this countryŠor in any countryŠare too scarce to make any impression, politically, upon the government. Real Christian people have not been running the government at all; it is the bad people who have been run-ning it all the time. Anybody who denies this must be prepared to  prove that Christians in this coun-try are in the majority, in defiance of all statistics and the commonest facts of observation. at Take the State of New York and the City of New York, for examples. What would happen if the Christians in this city should withdraw from politics? Imagine the consternation that would seize upon Tammany Hall if that organization should be apprised that at the next election it would lose the Christian vote! Would the withdrawal of ChrisŁ tians from politics in this city shake the throne of the Democratic "boss" who has so long ruled in the city government? or would the like pro-ceeding in the State affect the sway of the Republican "boss" who con-trols in State affairs? If it would, then Christians might well be urged to stand aloof in the political arena not only for their own but for poli-tics' sake as well! It is admitted by Christians that "boss rule" and "ring" rule repre-sent the worst form of government in this country. What worse gov-ernment then could be feared from the withdrawal of Christians from politics altogether? and how could the country thereby be turned over to be "run" by the worst classes any more than it already is? No; there is no danger that Chris-tians will ever outvote the sinners and so get control of the govern. ment, in this or any other country on the earth. But there is dangerŠgreat dangerŠthat through politics Christians will be drawn down from the plane of Christianity to that of the world, and lose all that Chris-tianity has to give them,Ša loss they cannot, under any circum stances, afford. THE important question is not, Shall there be an extension of Amer-ican territory? but shall there be an extension of American principles of government? An extension of the former by conquest means a fearful narrowing of the latter. 