AIVRICAN 317 millions of petitioners, but some of these were counted, not once alone, but, if re-ports are true, twice and three times; yes, and even four times (such was their de-termination to accomplish their nefarious work), for they were counted as individ-uals, then as members of congregations, and then as members of conferences, and also as members of some order or league. Then many Sunday-schools and members of Christian Endeavor Societies signed these petitions because their leaders did. So it. is in fact but a faction of the re-ligious element that are responsible for this unchristian, un-American act; and should cause patriots, not to rejoice, but to arouse in the strength of their man-hood and denounce and oppose all such invasion of the rights of the people as un-American and unconstitutional. But what is " true Americanism ? " Has it not ever been that religion and all religious institutions, and the Government should be forever separate? Is it not that religion is found most in its purity when separate from governmental patron-age ? Is not true Americanism found in the principle that civil and religious lib-erty is offered and guaranteed to all, ir-respective of color, position or creed? Is it not that "the proper object of govern-ment is to protect all persons in the en-joyment of their religious as well as civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above another, or esteem all days alike holy ? " ŠSenate report 1829. Then why this act of the Fifty-second Congress in attempting to decide for the whole Nation, which day is, or shall be, a holy day ? Why is it that they have listened to these de-mands of a religious faction? or why should they ever listen to the demands of even the majority and legislate upon re-ligious questions? The facts are, that the whole thing is . un-American, and a tri umph of un-Americanism. The Standard, while it can see the dan-ger there is in Rome, the beast of Rev. 13 :1-10 , should seek for the eyesalve of Rev. 3: 18 , that it may also be able to see the danger in the making and worship of,  the image to the beast as spoken of in Rev.' 13 : 14-18; 14:9, 10. H. F. PHELPS. - The Opening of the Columbian Ex- position on Sunday. ON this subject the Union Signal says: There is one thing that Christian people may as well accept as settled, and that is that the Colum-bian Exposition will be open on Sunday, if the powers of darkness, assisted by their usual allies in this world, the evil, the well-meaning, but mis-taken or indolent, the indifferent and the weak, can compass that event. The tone of the secular papers shows that it is fatal to trust to any partial victory or to any temporal decisions in favor of Sunday closing. The opponents of that measure will not be defeated until they are utterly routed. This being the case, it is the part of wisdom to look the issue in the face and see just what the opening of our World's Fair on Sunday involves. Negatively, we throw away the rarest oppor-tunity of preaching to the world, by a magnificent object lesson, the benefits of a day of rest. . . . Incidentally, our faith in and loyalty to our reli-gion will preach with all the tongues of Pentecost the gospel of Christ. At a cost which can not be com-puted of labor, treasure and love, we send our brightest and best to carry that gospel to foreign lands. In our own land, without labor or sacrifice, we may proclaim Christ's religion to the whole world by the most effective of all modesŠpractice. If we throw open the gates of the Columbian Ex-position on Sunday, we are false to the greatest opportunity ever granted a Christian Nation. The " civil rest day" has evidently been swallowed up by the ecclesiastical institu- tion; in other words the mask has been thrown off and the demand is openly made that the Nation shall support a dogma of the Church for missionary purposes. What a Confession I IN view of the efforts which are making to secure a repeal of the Sunday-closing proviso in the World's Fair appropriation passed by Congress at its last session, the Examiner (Baptist, of this city) says :Š The present is no time for jubilation, but is, and we beg pardon for the phrase, a time for wire-pul-ling and hard fighting. The " Century Dictionary " defines " " thus :- 1. The act of pulling the wires, as of a puppet or other mechanical contrivance. Hence-2. The rousing, guiding, and controlling of any organiz-ation or body of persons, especially a political party, by underhanded influence or management; intrigue, especially political intrigue. The Examiner has used the term ad-visedly. The adoption of the proviso by Congress was secured by wire-pulling, and if retained at all, it can only be by more wire-pulling. The churches composing the American Sabbath Union having in this matter entered the field of political controversy they must use political meth-ods even to wire-pulling. There is no escape ! Having undertaken to regen-erate the Nation and make it Christian by act of Congress they must control that body by whatever means are necessary. The Examiner confesses that improper means were used to secure the desired legislation, when it says : " The law makers at Washington did not vote for Sunday closing from personal preference, but, so to say, under the lash of an indig-n.ant public." The "indignant public was the churches under the leadership ofŁ the American Sabbath Union; but instead of being the " public " those who de-manded the recognition of Sunday sacred-ness by the closing of the Fair, were, and still are, only a small minority. But by intimidation they secured the legislation sought for, and now they confess that they must retain it by wire-pulling, that is, by:  underhanded influences. What a confes- sion ! C. P. B. It Is in the Air. NEWPORT, the village mentioned in the following paragraph taken from an Oregon paper, is a small place in Benton County, Oregon, never noted for its piety. But it seems that the Sunday-closing crusade does not despise the day of small things, nor the town of small population and less religion. The story as told by the Salem Journal, is as follows:Š The people down at Newport are having a lively time over the enforcement of the Sunday law. Recently two of its young men were arrested for violating some of its provisions, but were ac-quitted, says the Herald. The mayor, George Landis, aided by the district attorney, Seymour Condon, of Eugene, who happened to be over there, ordered all the saloons and places of amusement to be kept closed on Sunday and gave notice through the press that any violation would be vig-orously prosecuted. Early Sunday morning two images were seen dangling from the top of a flag-pole, the mayor and Mr. Condon having been hung in effigy. This was too much for Mayor Landis and he tried to take the obnoxious figures down, but the ropes had become entangled and they seemed to be there to stay. The mayor then ar-rayed himself with a shovel and dug the pole out of the ground and took the images away and burned them. The other faction then swore out a complaint and had the mayor arrested for working Ł on Sunday. The result of his trial will be awaited  with interest. A lot of notices were posted about town accusing Mayor Landis of high-handed an-archy, which were torn down, resulting in several free fights. The end of it seems not yet, and some further developments may be expected. Great is Sunday ! " the, wild solar holi-day of all pagan times," as an English writer has styled it. Infidels, and Chris-tians vie with one another to do it rever-enceŠor rather to compel others to honor it. The correspondent who sends the clipping quoted above, remarks that "what makes this item of interest is the fact that hitherto the people have thought that in this ' infidel country,' as they have been wont to call it, there was no danger of the enforcement of Sunday laws. It seems, however, that the very air is impregnated with this intolerant Sunday spirit." There Is Mischief in It. IN commenting upon the Supreme Court decision, that this is a Christian Nation, a writer in the Protestant American, sign-ing himself " Publius," says :Š As this is a direct union of Church and State, we may expect that out of it will grow an image of the Papacy, in fact it can only result in the sell-ing of this country into the hands of Rome. As religion is a matter of the individual conscience and every person must decide for himself in mat-ters of religion, it is therefore but a usurpation of individual rights. But as the right of petition belongs to the citizen, so also does the right of protest and appeal. And as this is a government of the people, and the people are above the Su-preme Court, for the people made it; so we may take an appeal from the Supreme Court to the people. Let the people watch that thing, for there is mischief in it. It is mischief itself. Then let every man appeal to his own manhood, to his own individual rights, and refuse to worship this image, or admit that this is the voice of the people. This decision means danger to every man, woman, and child in the land; therefore in the name and in the interests of the more than sixty millions of people, let us take an appeal, and so far maintain our rights; among which is the right to worship (or not to worship) according to the dictates of an individual, personal conscience, and not that of Supreme Courts or any other earthly power. All of which is sound sense. Sunday Observance in Tennessee. TENNESSEE, as our readers are aware, is a State where they have so much re-gard for Sunday that they can not permit conscientious observers of the seventh day to do ordinary farm labor on the first day, nevertheless, the Memphis Appeal-Ava- lanche, of October 3, comes to us contain-ing this announcement :Š The Daily Appeal-Avalanche, 1,008 inches of the news of all the world each day, and the mammoth Sunday edition, always the largest and best in the Great South, 15 cents a week. The same paper contains the following concerning the man who will doubtless be the next governor of the State:Š Judge Peter Turney arrived in the city yester- day gubernatorial nominee, came on tdhaeeEeSarupinyednitaroyacin , over the " Ell en N.," and was ac-companied by the venerable orator and statesman, Hon. John H. Savage, of McMinnville. Judge Turney came from Alamo, Tenn., where he had spoken to 4,000 people on Saturday. The distinguished visitors repaired at once upon their arrival to the Gayoso Hotel, where they were assigned to rooms 404 and 405, on the second floor. Judge Turney received a number of visitors during the day, Chairman Armour, of the county executive committee, being among the number, as well as other prominent Democrats. Judge Turney was seen by an Appeal-Avalanche representative during the evening, and his reply to a question, expressed the opinion that there had been no material change in the situation in the State during the past month. Then there are the usual advertise- 