82 TIDE AMERICAN SENTINEL. at all. It may be indeed that the. Protest-ants of the city of Edgerton feel that they are secure, even under this decisiOn, be-cause they are the majority, and the de-cision says the majority conscience must rule. But if this were made a State ques-tion, these same Protestants would prob-ably be surprised to know that the Roman Catholics are more than one and a half times as, numerous as the Protestants in that State; and if the Roman Catholics should assert the majority-conscience doc-trine it is certain that the Protestants would very soon discover that the consti-tutional safeguards themselves, rather than Protestant dogmas, need to be guarded by the courts. Let the Protestants of Wis-consin protest against this sweeping away of these rights of conscience. One of the arguments made by counsel for the plaintiffs was, that the Constitu-tion was adopted to " insure domestic tranquillity," and that the reading of the Bible in the public schools "tends to create discord," and that therefore the reading of the Bible in the public schools is un-constitutional! It must be confessed that this argument is more ingenious than profound ; but the Judge's answer to it is far worse than the . argument. The an-.swer does not possess even the merit of in-genuity. The Court's reply was this :Š It is claimed by both parties to this litigation, that the New Testament at least contains the gospel of peace. This was de-clared by the angel of the Lord at the birth of the Saviour. We read in Luke, ch. 2, . . . verses 13, 14, "And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying, Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men." . . . If the reading of the Bible concern-ing the words and wonderful works of the Divine Being whose advent into the world was so beautifully, grandly, and sub-4imely announced by the angel of the Lord, would produce dissension and discontent, and not peace on earth and good will toward men, then it would follow that the "angel of the Lord " was mistaken. Indeed, and indeed ! ! And therefore that the reputation of the angel of the Lord for truth and veracity may not suf-fer in the community about Edgerton, Wisconsin, the State Circuit Court, Judge Bennet presiding, must needs come to the rescue and give him a certificate of good character ! - Let us carry the Judge's argument a little further. Let us put it to the test of the Scripture, and see how it will work. Thus : " The New Testament at least con-tains the gospel of peace. This was de-clared by the angel of the Lord at the birth of the Saviour. We read in Luke ch. 2, verses 13, 14, ' And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, and saying, Glory to God in the highest and on earth peace, good will toward men." Now in the same book of Luke we read ch. 12, verses 51-53, the words of the Saviour himself whose advent was so grandly an-nounced, saying : " Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth ? I tell you, Nay; but rather division: for from hence-forth there shall be five in one house di-vided, three against two, and two against three. The father shall be divided against  the son, and the son against the father; the mother against the daughter, and the daughter against the mother; the mother-in-law-against her daughter-in-law and the daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law." Now the- rest of the Judge's argument comes in: If the coming of the Divine Being whose advent into the world was so beautifully, grandly, and sublimely an-nounced by the angel of the Lord; would produce dissension "and division " and not peace, then it would follow that the " angel of the Lord was mistaken." Well, Judge, really now how is it ? Was the angel of the Lord mistaken or was he not? Was the angel, of the Lord mistaken or was the Lord himself mis-taken ? Again : the plaintiffs might have ap-pealed the case to the Supreme Court, and upon the strength of Judge Bennett's argu-ment might have pleaded thus : The Cir-cuit Court has decided that we have " created discord, and ought not to be heard " (page 54). Now the Saviour said he came to send division and discord on the earth. If, then, there be not division and discord, it will follow that the Saviour was mistaken. Therefore the decision must be in our favor, or else the Supreme Court will be involved in the serious mat-ter of sanctioning a grave reflection upon the character of the Lord. If Judge Bennett's argument in defense of the angel is good, this argument would be much better in defense of the Lord, as he is " so much better than the angels," as to have " obtained a more excellent name than they." Hebrews 1: 4. We. do not present this seeming conflict in the Scriptures to sanction for a moment any such idea as that either the angel or the Lord was mistaken, for they both told the truth : we simply present this the more fully to show what is already appar-ent, that in assuming the role of defender of the angels, and attempting to expound Scripture from the bench, Judge Bennett entered into a field where he had no bus-iness to go. The character of the angels of the Lord needs no defense from the Cir-cuit Court of Wisconsin. In closing his decision the Judge said The Bible remains and it would seem like turning a good, true, and ever faithful friend and counselor out of doors, to exclude it from the public schools of the State. This observation confirms what is ap-parent throughout the whole decision, that Judge Bennett assumed the position of an advocate instead of retaining that of a judge. He sat there as an advocate to plead for his ever faithful friend," and at all hazards to keep him where he was, instead of sitting as a just judge to decide fairly whether, in the first place that " faithful friend " ought to have been where he was. To us the Bible is as much of an ever faithful friend and counselor, as it can be we think to Judge Bennett or anybody  else; and we want to see it become the same to everybody else as far- as possible. But we know that friendship is not very readily formed nor very firmly cemented, nor are the admonitions of a counselor very respectfully received, by being forced upon people at their expense and against their will, as has been done with the Bible in the public Schools of Wisconsin. A. T. J. The Blair Legislation. To the Editor of the Courant:ŠPerhaps I had better state at the outset, that al-though my business interests are largely centered in Connecticut, my place of resi-dence is in New Hampshire and I am now a member of the Legislature of 'that State. As the Hon. Senator, Mr. Blair, of New Hampshire, seems to be doing all- -in his power in national legislation to pull down the bulwark of religious liberty in this country, I cannot refrain from calling the attention of the citizens of the State of " steady habits " to some of the more salient facts in the case. Mr. Blair's Sun-day-rest-day bill and also his Educational Amendment, are both of a religious nat-ure, making necessary a resolution to amend and eliminate from the national Constitution, the first amendment, which reads :Š Congress shall make no laws respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. For more than a hundred years our Con-stitution has been sufficient, and it has made us a free, in fact the only free Gov-ernment that has ever graced the pages of history. It is the pure metal whose clear ring has sounded the note of freedom and religious liberty to the oppressed of all nations. It is the heritage of a noble ancestry of good and tried men, them-selves fresh from the fires of religious, per-secution. Let it remain. If we have the illiterate to educate let it be done within the Constitution. I have personally consulted hundreds of all classes of our people and have yet to find one intelligent citizen willing to sacri-fice the clause referred to. The nature of these bills seems to be little understood by the masses. They are so subtle and hidden in their purposes, changing the fundamental principle of our institutions, that it seems like treason. The Constitu-tion stands to2day against the union of Church. and State, and Congress cannot legislate in regard to our religious belief. Our duty to God is not at the behest of Government. Let the following, intro-duced by Mr. Blair, " Congress shall establish a system of free public schools to teach the non-sectarian principles of Christianity," become a law, and we have a new sect whose wisdom shall decide what these principles must be. The Gov-ernment would then -become a religious machine, wholly in the power of the igno- 