280 AmInntcA.NT VOL. 8, Ico. 48. petition which accompanies the bill is wrong:- 1-The people who urge it have no such rights as they claim: The State pro-Vides sufficient education, free for all, and compels all children: to receive it, but the State knows nothing of any particular education in any religious belief. "As to the bill, it is specious in its title and in its provisions. The American way toy proMote education is 'to increase the number of common schools, and not to subsidize private enterprises for free edu-catien. It is idle to pretend that the bill does not ask legislation in favor of any one society or church, because it must be interPreted by the language of the petition and by the source from which it origin-ates. "I am abundantly satisfied that such a proposal would be resisted to the death, and, rejected. There is not the slightest interference in any common school in America with any peculiar religious views or with any religious teaching. Every Chnrch and every Christian parent must tale care of ,the religious training of the children for whom they are responsible. My own sense of ,the importance of reli-gious education is shown by the establish-Ment and maintenance of the diocesan gi'rl's school-, But the churches must do this for theniselves, or it must be done by individual liberality; and the enormous wealth_ of 'Roman Catholics in this coun-try is abundantly sufficient to enable them to take, care of their own parochial schools. State Money cannot be used to support any denominational school, because it can-not be, used to further the interest of any religious body. Such a course would only foster the rivalries of sects, and break up the unity of our educational system. " I am quite sure that if I were a Roman Catholic I would oppose this scheme with all my might. The Roman Church is really on trial in America. She is claim-ing to be adapting herself to American principles and habits. Such a proposal as this falsifies the claim. Already she is suspected of interfering with political eleetions. If she makes open avowal of an.: attempt to interfere with public educa-tion she will receive, and in my judgment deserve the unanimous verdict of the more than fifty millions of people in Amer-ica; who, being divided into all sorts of religious associations, and some' having no religious position at all, are united in their determination that no religious body shall control either the elections or the educa-tion of the country." BALTIMORE, Nov. 26.ŠFather Slattery, the head of the Josephites in this country, preached a sermon here to-night at St. Francis Xavier Colored Catholic Church on the school question in line with the circular issued on Friday by Cardinal Gibbons. He told the colored people they needed two things,' education and religion, one as'much as the other, and that from a police point of view alone, as the State *as interested in having its children brought up in a moral way, the colored Catholic schools were entitled to State aid: Of course it would not do to single out any one denomination, but that by includ-ing all none would be offended. " Strike a blow," said he, " whenever you can for the parochial schools." Father Slattery's sermon is the first public announcement of the policy of the church on, this question. The idea, it is said, is to gain the support of all the col-ored people, irrespective of denomination. Our Protest. IN behalf of all mankind this protest is made to the enforcement of so-called " Sabbath laws," by which ordinary labor on any particular day of the week is made a crime to be punished by fine or imprisonment. Our opposition to such legislation is not because the wrong day may be selected for such a purpose, but because any day is thus designated. It is not a question as to which day is the Sabbath. The only point to be settled is whether or not the State should enforce any kind of Sabbath observance on any day. Men may differ as to whether the first or the seventh day of the week is the Sabbath, but this is not a subject for consideration in the present discussion. Neither is it the object of this paper to destroy reverence for the. Sabbath-day. On the contrary these views are held by many who have the most profound respect for the Sabbath. Therefore, let no one mistake the single point at issue, namely : Shall the State enforce Sabbath observance of any kind, to any degree, on any day, upon any person ? We answer with an emphatic No, and give some reasons as follows :Š Sabbath-keeping is a matter of religion. It is based on the Bible and the command of the moral law. It is held to be a me-morial instituted by Christ, and hence a part of the gospel. Not only is it called the " Sabbath," a title first applied to the day on which God rested from the work of creation, but it is also termed " Lord's day " and other names to designate a holy character. Hence it is plain that any law in reference to the Sabbath is based on the idea of at least protecting religion. This is equivalent to saying that religion needs the aid of human laws, and that the gospel will have more power to save men when supported by the State. Laws are made to protect the weak against the oppression of the strong; therefore any law to protect religion is virtually saying that evil men are stronger than the gos-pel, and hence they must be restrained from inflicting injury upon it. Thus the State can protect religion only by assum-ing that men have more power than the gospel. If this is true, then how can any man expect to be saved by the gospel ? Can we be saved from ourselves by some-thing weaker than ourselves ? Is a gospel that is unable to live without man's aid sufficient to save man from sin, which has the mastery over him? Who can have any genuine faith in or love for a gospel that must be supported by those it pro-fesses to save? Whoever looks to the State to protect religion, thereby declares that he has no faith in tie power of reli-gion to save the State. The State, and not Jesus Christ, becomes his saviour. He looks to the State to know his duty in religion instead of to God and his Word as the only authority in such matters. The Bible declares that the " gospel is the power of God." Rom. 1:16. And again, Christ says, " All power is given unto me in heaven and earth." Matt. 28:18. Can any power be added to " all power in heaven and earth " ? Can man increase the "power of God" ? Is it not presump-tion then to attempt to protect the gospel by human enactment ? " Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men; and the weakness of God is stronger, than men." 1 Cor. 1: 25. If God's weakness is stronger than men, certainly the gospel is stronger than men, for it is not the  weakness of God but his power. To re-gard the gospel as anything less than the power of God, able to save unto the utter-most, is only to deny the gospel and the power of God. Such a thing is not only possible, but it is one of the marked sins of the present day. "Having a forni of godliness but denying the power thereof." Is not this fulfilled when professed Christians demand of the Nation and State laws to protect their religious institutions ? What then shall be said for those mis-guided souls who are so anxious to have the State make and enforce Sunday laws ? Is it a fact that they know not the Scrip-tures nor the power of God ? Do they realize their shame when they turn to the State with outstretched arms to save their religion ? Have they not been turned aside to " another gospel," which is not anotherŠone made by man and dependent on man ? Are they willing to let the observance of the Sabbath depend on the voluntary obedience of those who accept it as part of the gospel, the same as they do in baptism or the Lord's supper ? In short, do they see the sin that is caused by human legislation in matters of reli-gion ? It has been shown that the principle underneath Sunday laws is opposed to the gospel, and hence it is false. We will now look at some of the vicious fruit borne upon its deadly branches. Refer-ence might be made to the "Dark Ages" when the idea that religion must be pro tected by civil rulers was carried to its logical conclusion, in the dungeon, at the stake, and in the, torture-chamber. All this was done to protect the gospel and make the people religious. But bear in mind that it is always a false gospel that seeks the aid of the State. The world now looks with shame and astonishment seeing how the true gospel of love was turned into a false gospel of hate. The fault then was not that the people were worse than now; the trouble was they did t  not know the power of the gospel of Christ, and so looked to the State for aid. The most zealous of them became the fiercest persecutors of others. And all the time they professed to be the, true church of Christ and anxious only for the good of men. The same principle was planted in the New World by the mis-guided zeal of the Puritans. Quakers, Baptists and witches were persecuted, and t the fact was demonstrated that Protest-ants, no less than Catholics, would stop at nothing in their blind prejudice. From these older colonies religious laws, more or less modified, have found their way into the statute books of the various States: of the Union. For some time public sen-timent has been opposed to the strict en-forcement of these statutes. Owing to this fact and also to the supposed guar-antee of the national and State Constitu-tions in regard to matters of religion, the Church has been left comparatively free from human legislation. As a conse-quence the gospel has had free course to run and be glorified, and the State has prospered while attending to its own secu-lar business. In this way it is demon-strated again that the gospel and the State both thrive best when each is independent of the other. One might have fondly hoped that never again would the Church ask for, or consent to, the State's protecting religion, and that the State, if solicited to such an unholy alliance, would refuse the lewd appeal.. But alas ! the last few years have witnessed the religious world not 