98 SIENT9prx1b.a,. VoL. 8, No. 13. of the other, it is the religious rule of the majority. That is just what is claimed to have been set up in this country. The development of the human mind, in this age, precludes the unrestricted despotism of the one-man power, but the irrespon-sible power of a majority will be even more despotic, unfeeling, and relentless, when each individual of this majority feels himself a theocrat, exercising through the privileges of his citizenship the authority of God by divine right. This is a remark-able development of theocracy, to make every man a god. This is the realization of the popular theocratic cry, " The voice of the people is the voice of God." W. H. M. French and American Criminal Law. A RECENT article in the North Ameri-can Review discusses the criminal law of France. It is by Madam Adam, and the following paragraph gives a good idea of its leading thought :Š Article IV. of the French Civil Code declares that "the judge who shall refuse to utter judgment on the plea that the law is silent, absurd, or in-sufficient, may be prosecuted as guilty of refusal to administer justice." A judge, therefore, must enforce the law, even should it seem to him to be false and unjustŠdura lex, sed lex. But you may ask, will not his conscience rebel ? No. A judge is a priest of justice ; he can not dispute her dogma. If the sentence which he pronounces be unjust, his conscience can not be burdened, for the blame rests with the legislator. The reader familiar with the adminis-tration of criminal law in this country need not be told that it is not essentially different from the practice which prevails in France. The American judge " must enforce the law, even should it seem to him false and unjust "Šthough hard law, it is law; and the responsibility rests with the legislator, not with the judge. Equity courts there are in the United States, but their jurisdiction is civil, not criminal. The tendency in this as in other coun-tries is to clothe the law with a sort of sanctity which forbids any but the most respectful and mild criticism. And the number is rapidly increasing who insist that so long as a statute remains it must be enforced, whether right or wrong; and all opposition to this dogma is branded as anarchy and treason. The motto of the Law and Order Leagues organized within a few years in so many of our cities is, " We ask only the enforcement of the law." They do not feel called upon to defend a statute; it is enough that it is law. All criticism of their methods is met by the arrogant reply, " It is the law." In the cases in Henry County, Tenn., in which a number of Seventh-day Ad- ventists were found guilty of maintaining a public nuisance by quiet farm work on Sunday, Judge Swiggart held that, while, if left to his own discretion he would be inclined to decide that such work was not a nuisance, he had no option in the mat-ter. The law as interpreted by the Su-preme Court of the State declared it a nuisance, and his duty was to enforce the law as he found it, not as he might think it ought to be. Nor is this principle merely local. In the famous King case, carried from the Circuit Court of Obion County, Tenn., to the United States Circuit Court, Judge Hammond said :Š King was wrongfully convicted, the State vs. Lorry wrongfully overruled, and Parker vs, the State wrongfully decided; but it does not belong to this court to overrule these decisions, and it does  belong to the State courts to make them, and King's conviction under them is due process of law. It is doubtful if French injustice fur-nishes a parallel to this decision, which, while probably sound from a legal stand-point, shows most conclusively that American courts, equally with European courts, have very limited discretion in the administration of the law. In the same decision already quoted, Judge Hammond said:Š Malice, religious or other, may dictate a prose-cution ; but if the law has been violated, this fact never shields the law-breaker. Neither do the courts require that there shall be some moral obloquy to support a given law before enforcing it. . . . It [the act] may be harmless in itself. . . The crime is in doing the thing forbidden by law, harmless though it be in itself. Again, in the same case, the judge says: The proper appeal is to the legislature. For the courts can not change that which has been done, however done. This emphasizes the importance of hav-ing only just laws, for no matter how harsh the law, nor how mischievous its enforcement, so long as it remains upon the statute books, the courts must enforce it when the demand is made upon them ; and that regardless of the motive that dic-tates the prosecution! But, while a grave responsibility rests upon the legislator, in the matter of mak-ing the laws, the powers of the courts are only second to the lawmakers; for while judges have no power to repeal laws once made, they both have the power, and ex-ercise it, to add very much to the statutes by their decisions. Upon this point, Prof. J. T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore University, remarks incidentally:Š They [lawyers] are, to a greater extent than any other class, makers of lawŠin legislatures by enact-ment, on the bench by construction, at the trial by persuasion. Right in line with this are the words of Judge Hammond:Š The judges are the depositaries of that [common] law, just as the statute books are the depositaries of the statute law; and when they speak, the law is established, and none can gainsay it. They have the power, for grave reasons, to change an adjudi-cation and re-establish the point, even adversely, but generally are bound and do adhere to the first precedent. In view of these facts the thoughtful man can not but view with alarm the tendency of our courts, both State and national, to encroach upon what were once regarded as the reserved rights of the people; and to entrench behind judi-cial decisions, institutions and dogmas which our fathers fondly supposed they had forever excluded from the domain of civil jurisdiction. E. P. B. A Union of Church and State. THE following is a clipping from Die Rundschan, a German Lutheran weekly; an independent political paper, published at Chicago, and extensively read in the Missouri Synod and Synodical Confer-ence, which, by the way, is the largest Lutheran church body in the world at present. The paper is not in any sense official," but the clipping shows that some Lutherans are able to see things in the true light, even though they be " Mis-souri " Lutherans Governor Altgeld has appointed Rev. W. Steers, of Pittsfield, as chaplain of the Southern prison. We regard this practice, namely ; appointing a preacher for a prison by the Governor as a union of Church and State, against which we ought solemnly to protest. The State may permit clergy- men of every denomination to preach to the in-mates of prisons, but it has no right to appoint a preacher there on part of the State." Now, this was written after the appoint-ment of a Lutheran chaplain at Joliet; more, the man appointed there is a Mis-sourian preacher, and this paper openly condemns the practice as it undoubtedly deserves. More still ! This ought to be a sufficient answer to those who claim that the Lu-therans, as such, sought only recognition, offices and power in the recent school contests in Illinois and Wisconsin. The truth is, they wanted irresponsible parties to keep their hands off from schools which were established and maintained entirely by private funds, at Lutheran expense. Now, the same paper, which was fore-most in the fight for the parochial schools, denounces the holding of a chaplaincy by the Governor's appointment as a union of Church and State, which course is logical, right and patriotic. C. F. W. MEYER. The Canadian Sunday in the Dominion Parliament. THE Canadian House of Commons has its champion of " Sabbath observance re-form," in the person of Mr. John Charlton, M. P., who not long since addressed the Ministerial Association of Toronto on the subject of the legal enforcement of the observance of Sunday. Mr. Charlton is himself the author of a bill, which has been before the Dominion House of Com-mons for several sessions, having for its purpose the prohibition of Sunday news-papers, Sunday traffic and railway busi-ness, and Sunday excursions whether by land or water. In reference to this bill the Christian Statesman quotes Mr. Charl-ton in these words :Š Speaking of the experience of his bill thus far, the lecturer said that although none would say its provisions were not eminently proper, yet three-fifths if not two-thirds of the members of the Com. mons were covertly hostile to it. They would not openly vote it down, but in committee where no names were recorded they got it knocked out, and two days later when he had it reinstated in its place on the order paper they talked it to death. There was only one way to get at these fellows, They feared nothing but loss of votes, and if the Christian people of Canada were to be a power they must say definitely and clearly to their representa-tives, " You must support this measure or we shall cease to support you." From this it is evident that the minds of all the false reformers run in the same channel. If they can not obtain their ends by fair measures, above board and just, still in any event they must succeed. In their minds the end justifies the means. So wedded are they to the idea of the righteousness of their cause that their vision fails to take in a single step, of the devious way through which their goal must be reached, but their eyes are fixed alone on the object of their desires. Mr. Charlton has seen the effect of the politi-cal boycott with which the Church party in the United States hasŁ threatened con-gressmen and senators. He is not above adopting so successful a device and adapt-ing it to the Canadian mind and applying it to the official understanding of the members of the Dominion Parliament. Such advice from a member of the House of Commons is startling and suggestive. He is in a position to know what will be most efficacious, and his advice is very likely to be taken by his followers, Mr. Charlton seems to desire not to be taken as favoring directly a union of 