AMERICAN SENTINEL. 641 parties. But in the heart of the wicked queen mother was lurking the foul fiend of murder, under her pleasant and smiling exterior. Such was the mother of the Cath-olic bride, but the mother of the royal bridegroom was a noble and conscientious woman." "I don't see how she could have endured to be pres-ent at such a ridiculous, wicked ceremony," said Julia Mar6h. "Perhaps she hoped, as well as the king, to make peace between the two factions. But however that may have been, she did not live, poor woman, to see any good come of it,Šshe, died just before the wedding, very sud-denly. The opinion of every one at the time was that she had been poisoned at the instigation of Queen Cath-erine." "I wonder what it was that made this woman so very angry at the Protestants," said Bert Mathews, "didn't she have somebody in mind who belonged to them that she hated and wanted to get rid of?" "Well, yes; she appeared to be particularly mad with the Admiral Coligny,Šso much so, indeed, that she could not wait to take his life, until the time planned for the general slaughter. So she hired a wretch to shoot him." - "Did the king find it out," asked Max Smith. "Yes; for the poor man sent for him and told him all about it,Šyou see he was only wounded; but it would have saved him from a still more horrible fate had the bullet of the assassin killed him at once." "Why? Do tell us what became of him finally?" cried Julia March, excitedly. "Why, he was murdered at the time of the massacre, only a few days afterward." "Did King Charles approve of any of these things; really, do you think, while he pretended to be dis-pleased?" "0 no, he really felt very badly; but his wicked mother finally succeeded in influencing him to consent to the horrible massacre, in which his old friend, the ad-miral, was the first victim." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. FALL SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS. IT IS A LITERARY YEAR. Millions of books will be sold this Fall. Many of them will be sold by our agents. Why? Because our terms are liberal and our general agency system is so complete that exclusive territory is insured. Send two 2 cent stamps for Descriptive Catalogue of Subscription Books. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. It paper money or coin in sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromising 7 opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THB International Religious liberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, "Six months, it lt Three " - $1.00. .50 - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. ŠAn Ideal Book of Travel.Š BY LAND AND SEA 06 @)g A JOURNEY THROUGH FIVE CONTINENTS. STARTING from the interior of the United States, the reader quickly finds himself transported, as it were, to the scenes of the journey, the several stopping places being California, Hawaii, New Zealand, Australia, India, Egypt, Palestine, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, England, and Holland, The aim of the narrative, which has been written almost wholly rom original notes and observations, has been especially directed to the object of presenting the life and nature of those regions, apart from the mental instruction and its inherent features of intellectual entertainment. The author has happily found, in the object lessons of life under its various phases and conditions, illustrations of moral truths, which are portrayed in a manner at once instructive and attractive. The book contains 392 pages, embellished with over 100 original, full-page engravings designed especially for this work, and numerous part-page illustrations, and is fur-nished in the following bindings:Š Fins silk-finished cloth, embossed in gold and colored ink, marbled edges $2.25 f f f II " gilt tides 2.75 Fine Russia Leather, gold side and back titles, gilt edges, extra finish 3.90 Address, P1CIFIC FUSS PUBLISHING comy, 39 Bond Street, New York City, A NEW TRACT CATALOGUE. " Descriptive Catalogue of the Bible Students', Apples of Gold, and Religious Liberty Libraries " is the title of this 36 page catalogue. It gives a pithy description of each tract and pamphlet In the above Libraries, together with their size and price. It will greatly assist the reader to select such numbers as he may desire to read and circulate; and may be obtained FREE by addressing the Pacific Press Publishing Com-pany, Oakland, Cal.; 39 Bond St., NewYork City, N.Y.; 18 W. 5th St., Kan..  sae City, Mo.: or Review and Herald. Battle Creek, Mich.; Atlanta. Ga. 