1111111; 111,1I Ł Ili  !!! ERICAN SENTIN "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." - Jesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, MAY 20, 1897. VOL. 12, No. 20. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. WV Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) "THE First of all the commandments is this: Hear, 0 Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength." "And the Second is like, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." " There is none other commandment greater than these." " On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets." It is certain that if these two commandments had been always observed by all men, there never could have been a State on the earth. There would have been goVernment, but no State. The government would have been altogether the govern-ment of God; He, the only King, the only Governor, on earth even as in heaven. There would have been society, but no State. Be-cause, men loving God with all the heart, and all the soul and all the mind, and all the strength; and their neigh-bors as themselves; the will of God would have been done on earth even as in heaven. All would have been one united, harmonious, happy, holy, family. There is an essential distinction between society and the State. SOCIETY is the union which exists between men, with-out distinction of frontiersŠwithout exterior restraintŠand for the sole reason that they are men. The civil society or STATE is an assemblage of men subject to a common authority, to common laws,-that is to say, a society whose members may be constrained by public force to respect their reciprocal rights. Two necessary elements enter into the idea of the State: laws and force.ŠJanet: "Elements of Morals," p. 143. This distinction, however, though clear and easily evident, is seldom recognized. Indeed, it is not recog-nized at all by those who are anxious to secure the union of religion and the State in the United States. But men did not observe these two "first of all the commandments." They would not love God with all their heart : They would not love their neighbors as themselves. They rejected God as their only Ruler, their only Sovereign, and became ambitious to rule over one another. And thus originated politics and the State. The Scripture outlines the story of this : "When they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful, but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened. Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools, and changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to cor_ ruptible man, and to birds, and fourfooted beasts, and creeping things." "And even as they did not like to re-tain Goa in their knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind." Note, that at the first, men did know God. But they chose not to glorify Him, not to honor Him, not to give Him the first place in all their thoughts and actions. Knowing God, they did not like to retain Him in their knowledge. The next step was that they became vain in their own imaginations. They professed themselves to be wise, of themselves. The consequence was that they became fools; and their foolish heart was darkened. In their vain imaginations they made gods of their own. And then to assist them in their worship, they made images of the gods which they had imagined. The image was always the outward, tangible form of the god which they had already conceived in the imagin-ation. Imagining is simply mental image-ing. The out ward form of the god, whether it be the shining sun in the heavens or a hideously shaped block of wood or stone, is only the outward form of the image-ing that has al-ready been performed in the imagination. Thus, from the knowledge of the true God, they went 