392 Vol,. 11, No. 49. NEW YORE, DECEMBER 10, 1896. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it THE daily Journal, of this city, very prop-erly remarks that "if the preachers come to be politicians, they ought to give up the im-munities which churchly place confers, and accept the responsibilities of politics." THE police board of Denver, Col.. decided recently, says a "National Reform" journal, that a certain play given in that city was "too immoral to be, played on sabbath even-ing." We had always supposed that an im-moral play was too immoral to be proper on any day. Are we mistaken? ONE noteworthy result of the recent elec-tion in New York State, is the elimination of the Prohibition Party, their ticket having failed to poll the number of votes (10.000) requisite to entitle it to a place on the official ballot, under the laws of the State. The New York Sun points out that the Prohibi--tion ticket will not be entitled to a place in the State campaign again until after 1898. JUDGE ABBOTT, of Denver, Colo., has decided that the Sunday law of that State is constitutional. In remarking upon the conflicting decisions extant upon the subject, he said that "the decisions against the con-stitutionality of sabbath laws seem more log-ical;" yet in spite of logic he decided this law to be constitutional! We have not learned whether an appeal will be taken to a higher court; but upon such a decision as that we should think that it surely would. A MEETING of the "New England Sabbath Protective League" was held in Grace Church, Providence, R. I., November 23. Martin D. Kneeland, secretary of the league, was present and addressed the meeting, and considerable time was also occupied by several local preach-ers. The meeting gave its attention princi-pally to a consideration of Sunday desecration in Rhode Island, and especially in the city of Providence. The Rev. Floyd Tomkins, Jr., who is pres-ident of the Rhode Island branch of the league, spoke especially of the methods to be employed in putting a stop to Sunday dese-cration in Providence. His speech showed that he had caught the true spirit of "Na-tional Reform" work. "Get hold of our aldermen," he said, "and plague the lives out of them until we get what we want. . . . Go to the Commissioner of Public Works and  worry him incessantly until the work of re-pairing the streets is stopped on the sabbath day." "Get hold of the Park Commissioners and labor with them until they are ready to lie down and die, and we may yet accomplish FOR illustrations of the familiar phrase, "a distinction without a difference," Chris-tian Endeavor literature treating on the atti-tude of that religious body toward politics, offers a fruitful field for search. Here is an illustration from the Christian Endeavorer; for December, 1896:Š It [Christian Citizenship] does not mean that the society or church as such is "going into politics," but it does distinctly mean that every Christian shall demand with all his righteous might that Christ shall rule the caucus and the common council as he does the Church. How much more than this could the En-deavor society or the Church, as such, effect by "going into politics"? Or in what other way would they seek to manipulate politics to gain their ends? THE Woman's Christian Temperance Union have united with the California State "Sab- bath Association" in presenting to the State legislature the following petition:Š We, the undersigned, residents of California, re-spectfully ask your honorable body to enact a sabbath law that will prohibit all amusements inconsistent with the proper observance of the day, and that at the same time will secure the necessary weekly rest to all classes of weary toilers. Notice that no attempt is made to disguise the character of what is asked in this peti-tion. It is a "sabbath law." The petition is to be circulated for signatures in all parts of the State. THE Roman Catholic Church in Canada is not satisfied with the terms of the settlement of the Manitoba School controversy, notwith-standing it allows Roman Catholic teaching in the public schools after a certain hour each day wherever there may be twenty-five Cath- olic children in attendance. Archbishop Langevin is quoted by a Catholic journal as saying, "The settlement is a farce; the fight has only begun." Having obtained one con-cession in the line of what she seeks, the church will of course fight all the harder for more. THE Sunday-law forces in California have of late been laying siege to the Oakland City Council, with what results we have not yet learned. They asked the council to pass an ordinance suppressing "Sunday sports, such as shooting matches, bicycle races, Sunday concerts, picnics, dances, races, ball games, and all such carnal amusements as lead to dis-sipation and disturbance of the peace." And  they asked this, says their official organ, the Christian Statesman, "as a police arrange-ment and sanitary measure, and that a weekly rest may be secured to laborers and einployds." The public will probably be puzzled to under-stand why the civil power should prohibit amusements on the ground that they are "carnal;" for it is obvious that this word expresses the objection to them in the minds of those demanding this Sunday legislation. All is "carnal" that is not "spiritual." The distinction which the term expresses is reli-gious entirely. And the use of this religious term shows plainly enough that it is a religious observance of Sunday which the Oakland City Council is asked to enforce. THERE has been laid upon our table a copy of Green's Greek-English Lexicon to the New Testament, revised and enlarged, published by H. L. Hastings, 47 Cornhill, Boston, 1896. It is a neat little book of .216 pages, 3i-x68 inches in size and of an inch thick, con- taining every word in the Greek New Testa-ment, with reasonably full definitions, and with references to passages where the words are used. The preface says: "There are con-tained in the Greek New Testament about 5,594 words; but in the whole Greek litera- ture the words are a great multitude, which perhaps no man has ever numbered. The student of the Scriptures is not anxious to master or explore this vast wealth of Greek literature; but his ambition is to know some-thing of those 5,594 New Testament words in which the message of God's mercy is con-veyed to fallen man. Hence he must pass by the bulk of Greek literature, and confine his investigations to those few Greek words' which are used in the New Testament, to convey to man the treasures of divine truth. . . Ł It is for the accommodation of such students, who know little of the. Greek lan-guage, but who desire to 'Search the Scrip-tures,' and of others more scholarly who yet find it needful to refresh their memories as to the sense of Greek words, that this Lexi-con is offered." It is printed in medium type that brings no strain on the eyes. Taken altogether it is the neatest and handi-est book of the kind that we have ever seen. To those who would like such a book, cer-tainly this is just such a book as they would like. And who that wishes really to study the Scriptures would not like to have such a book? Price 35 cents. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Published Weekly by Paelfie Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF THE International lleligious hiberty Assoelation. PRESIDENT,  ALLEN MOON. VICE-PRESIDENT, A. T. JONES. SECRETARY, A. F. BALLENGER. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. Six months, - - - .50. Three " - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. something with them." It is only a slight variation of the usual "hold-up" demandŠ"Your money or your life." The "Sabbath Protective" leaguers mean that legislators  shall either yield or "lie down and die." 