StNVINVL. of the aforesaid sect, either by taking up, publish-ing, or defending the horrid opinion of the Qua-kers, or stirring up of mutiny, sedition, or rebellion against the government, or by taking up their abusive and destructive practices, via., denying civil respect to equals and superiors, and withdraw-ing from the church assemblies, and instead thereof frequenting meetings of their own in opposition to our church order, or by adhering to, or approv-ing of, any known Quaker, and the tenets prac-ticed, that are opposite to the orthodox received opinions of the godly, and endeavoring to disaffect others to civil government and church order, or condemning the practice and proceedings of this court against the Quakers, manifesting thereby their plotting with those whose design is to over-throw the order established in Church and State, every such person convicted before the said court of assistants, in manner aforesaid, shall be com-mitted to close prison for one month, and then, unless they choose voluntarily to depart this juris-diction, shall give bond for their,  good behavior, and appear at the next court, where continuing obstinate, and refusing to retract and reform their aforesaid opinions, they shall be sentenced to ban-ishment upon pain of death; and any one magis-trate upon information given him of any such per-son, shall cause him to be apprehended, and shall commit any such person, according to his discre-tion, till he comes to trial as aforesaid. Nor were any of these laws in any sense a dead letter. They were enforced in the regular Puritan way. Ł Ł  Ł  The Gospel; What It Is, and Its Work As Opposed to the Mystery of Iniquity.* (Concluded. THE National Reform Association, the American Sabbath Union, and this whole ecclesiastical combination has been working for this for these twenty-nine years. Will they stand silent and do nothing? Is there not here to-day an ecclesiastical organization anxious to assert the Government as a kind of sover-eignty for itself, just as there was then to raise a like dispute ? Then can any one doubt, or fail to see, that under the circumstances and in the condition of the times, in view of the po-sition the Church occupied at that time, just as certainly as that edict of Constan-tine in favor of Christianity as the reli- gion of the Roman Empire brought the Papacy, and out of that came all that the Papacy ever was, just so certainly under the like circumstances and the like con-ditions of church ambition, out of this Supreme Court decision making Chris-tianity the religion of this NationŠjust so certainly in this is the image of the beast, and out of it will come everything that the prophecy tells about. We are not the only ones able to see these things. That was one of the things that was held in mind when this Govern-ment was made. Before making the national Constitution, there was a move-ment in Virginia to establish the Christian religionŠnot the Catholic nor the Protest- ant, but "the, Christian religion.'" that is all. Let me read to you what James Madison saw in that :Š Who does not see that the same authority which can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other religions, may establish with the same ease, any particular sect of Christians in exclusion of all other sects ? Constantine favored Christianity at the first, just as a wholeŠ" the whole body of Christians." And then he established a particular sect, the "Catholic Church of the Christians," just as easily as he did the first. Just so certainly as the Supreme Court of the United States has established Chris-tianity as the religion of this nation, in *From a sermon delivered by A. T. Jones, at Battle Creek, Mich., July 9, 1802, as reported and published in the Review awl FleraM. exclusion of all other religions, just so cer-tainly will it, or some other power, have to establish one particular sect in exclusion of all other sects. The Supreme Court hints at Protestantism; but if that is it, somebody will have to decide which sect of Protestantism it is. I do not know who will decide it; whether the Supreme Court, or Congress, or by national election cam-paign, I can not say; but it will be decided in some way. It is bound to come. Madison and those of his time knew just as certainly as they knew anything, that if Christianity was established as the State religion of Virginia, there must be a par-ticular sect established, and everybody else be oppressed. Not only that, but he saw this of holding forth an asylum to the perse-cuted, it is itself a signal of persecution. Now mark; they held this position; they had experienced this in their day. We have had some of it too in our day. They saw in the mere proposition to make Christianity the established religion of Vir-ginia " a signal of persecution." Just as certainly as the proposition to make Chris-tianity the established religion of the State of Virginia was the signal of persecution in that State, just so certainly this Supreme Court decision making Christianity the religion of this Nation is a signal of per-secution through all the Nation. But I read again from Madison's remonstrance against that :Š Distant as it may be in its present form from the Inquisition, it differs from it only in degree. In that proposition to establish "the Christian religion" in Virginia, they saw the Inquisition. What do we see in the actual establishment of the same religion by the Supreme Court of the United States? Again I read :Š The one is the first step, the other is the last, in the career of intolerance. That is what they saw, the founders of this Republic, when an attempt was made to establish "the 'Christian religion" as the State religion. What does this people see in this decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, which establishes "the Christian religion" as the national religion ? Just as certainly as that back there was a signal of persecution, and per-secution throughout the State, just so cer-tainly is this a signal of persecution, and persecution through all the Nation. Just so certainly as thk had in it the Inquisition, just so certainly this has in it the same thing. And just as certainly as that edict of Con-stantine back there had in it the Papacy, just so certainly this has in it all that the image of the Papacy is or will be. Coni ro-versies arose back there as to what was Christianity, and this brought the estab-lishment of the Catholic Church and per-secution of all kinds. Soon the next step was made, compelling them all to become Catholics Š heretics to join the Catholic Church and hand over their property to the Catholic Church. There arose still another difficulty and dispute as to what was the true Catholic doctrine, and this brought the Council of Nice, which established Trinitarianism as the true Catholic doctrine. This was soon followed by an emperor who, by a coun-cil, established Arianism as the true Cath-olic doctrine. This was soon: followedby another emperor who, by a council, re-established Trinitarianism as the true Catholic doctrine. Thus one ruler and council decided one way, and another de- cided another way, as to what was the true Catholic religion. And thus it went on, controversy after controversy of all kinds, until the bishop of Rome was made the fountain of faith by earthly govern-ments and human power instead of the word of ŁGod through the Lord Jesus Christ, the power of God. Thus the mys-tery of iniquity hid and supplanted for ages the mystery of God. Now, then, old controversies will be re-vived. Some of these controversies will rise right up again as to what is the real true Christianity, Catholicism or Protes-tantism, Trinitarianism or Unitarianism, Calvinism or Arianism. These old con-troversies will be revived, which have ap-parently been hushed for 'a long time. These disputes will arise over hair-split-ting theories that have no truth in them. They will dispute over these things. Atoms will be worlds, and worlds will be atoms; and these atoms that they will 'turn into worlds will be simply senseless disputes by which they can obtain control of the civil power, to force those who oppoSe them, and do not believe as they do, to act as they think or believe. " Old controver-sies will spring up," and here are new con-troversies: revelations of false science, evolution, probation after death, etc. "New and old will commingle, and THIS WILL TAKE PLACE RIGHT EARLY." Do you not believe it ? Do you believe it ? Is it not time to believe it ? Is it not time to believe it, brethren? Well, then, I hope you will. The Sabbath a Memorial. APROPOS of our notes in last week's paper upon the nature and design of the Sabbath, are the following paragraphs from " The Abiding Sabbath," published by the American Tract Society :Š Not to a single race, but to man; not to man alone, but to the whole creation ; not to the created things alone, but to the Creator himself, came the benediction of the first Sabbath. Its significance extends beyond the narrow limits of Judaism, to all races, and perhaps to all worlds, It is a law spoken not simply through the lawgiver of a chosen people, but declared in the presence of a finished heaven and earth. The declaration in Genesis furnishes the best commentary on the say-ing of Jesus: " The Sabbath was made for man." For man, universal humanity, it was given with its benediction.' The reason of the institution of the Sabbath is one which possesses an unchanging interest and importance to all mankind. The theme of the creation is not peculiar to Israel, nor is worship of the Creator confined to the children of Abraham. The primary article of every religious creed, and the foundation of all true religion is faith in one God as the Maker of all things. Against atheism. which denies the existence of a personal God ; against materialism, which denies that this visible universe has its roots in the unseen; and against secularism, which denies the need of worship, the Sabbath is therefore an eternal witness. It sym-bolically commemorates that creative power which spoke, all things into being, the wisdom which ordered their adaptations and harmony, and the love which made, as well as pronounced, all " very good." It is set as the perpetual guardian of man against that spiritual infirmity which has every-where led him to a denial of the God who made him, or to the degradation of that God into a creature made with his own hands. The words which we have italicized ex-press truth which, if rightly understood and accepted in 'its fullness, would forever put an end to the " civil Sabbath " plea for Sunday laws. The Sabbath was, pri-marily made for man, not that he might rest but that he might worship his Cre-ator in the beauty of holiness. It was to be to man a memorial of God's finished work, a monument erected at the end of each week to remind man of the time 