Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address, " 25 and under 50 " " " 50 and under 100  100 or more To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 year - 75c 1 " - 60c 1 " - 55c 1 " - 50c 1 " - 5s Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 184 A.INIEJEELICA_N SIENPIP IN1E VOL. 11, No. 23. NEW YORK, JUNE 4, 1896. irg,' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE London Times, of the 26th ult., pub-lished a dispatch from Athens saying that since Sunday anarchy has reigned in Canea, where the Turkish soldiery has poured through the streets, shooting, massacring, and pillag-ing Christians. The immediate cause of the disturbance in Canea is unknown and inexplicable. In that city there has not been the slightest provoca-tion offered by the Christians to the Turks throughout the anomalous regime of the past six years. THE Eagle of Gainesville, Ga., commenting on the decision of the Georgia Supreme Court in the cases of Messrs. McCutchen and Keck, the Seventh-day Adventists fined fifty dollars each for " disturbing the peace" by working on Sunday, says: " It looks like any one ought to know that doing carpenter work in the ordinary way is not a disturbance of the peace. We are glad to know that our upper court has stepped in and placed the conscientious members of a Christian church on the same footing before the law as the keeper of a livery stable." C. B. HALL, a Seventh-day Adventist of Fayettville, Mo., sends word that he has been threatened with arrest by some citizens of that place for working at his trade on Sunday. His business is sharpening tools, which he does in a small movable booth in the streets of the city. Other people not Adventists, who do business in the streets on Sunday, such as milk and ice peddlers, pop-corn sell-ers, liverymen and railroad men, are not dis-turbed. The Sunday statute of Missouri con-tains a sweeping exemption for all seventh-day observers, but this does not seem in the least to deter religious bigotry from attempt-ing to make Mr. Hall its victim. SOME clergymen of Long Island City have put their heads together and succeeded in suppressing a prize-fight, or " glove contest," advertized to be held in that place. They did this through a shrewd manipulation of the legal forces which they were able to sum-mon to their aid. We have, of course, nothing to say in favor of exhibitions of brutality; but it seems that glove contests are not the kind of fighting which the clerico-civic reformers of this day are prepared to sanction. What they want in that line is something more genuine, such as is foreshadowed by the church and school " boys' brigades," with their military uni-forms and drill, and their real muskets and  bayonets. When these " brigades " come to put their military knowledge into practical use, or in other words, when people are shot, stabbed, and clubbed in regular military war-fare, it will be justifiable by the rules of our " Christian " civilization, in harmony with which these " boys' brigades " were formed. Fighting in itself is all right, but it must be conducted in the manner approved by civilized " Christian" nations! The prize-ring style of fighting does not kill or maim individuals in the proper way. But what must be the effect of this action of the clergymen upon the class of people in-terested in exhibitions of the kind prevented on this occasion? Must it not tend to embit-ter them against the clergymen and that for which they stand, and thus drive them fur-ther away from that gospel which they so much need? If it were not clerical action and recognized as such, we would have noth-ing to say against it. But when the gospel of Christ is so misrepresented as in this and other similar proceedings, by appeals to the civil authorities, the resulting evil is much greater than that which is sought to be sup-pressed. As noted in these columns a week ago, the Presbyterian General Assembly, in session at Saratoga, May 22, tabled a resolution intro-duced by Elder L. P. Main, of Kearney, Neb., expressing " lack of sympathy with the crim-inal prosecution of those persons who honestly and conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week instead of the first." " Mr. Main was given to understand," says the Chicago Tribune, of the 23rd ult., " that the assem-bly had no control over criminal law." Nev- ertheless that assembly proceeded at once to pass this resolution :Š Resolved, That those sabbath associations of our land, having a Christian basis, and being in sympa-thy with Sunday laws passed with a view to protect the day of rest and worship, should have a claim upon the cooperation and practical support of the Christian public, and that we especially indorse with our cor-dial approval the American Sabbath Union, and the Woman's National Sabbath Alliance (auxiliary to the American Sabbath Union), and recommend these or-ganizations especially to Christian men and women in all our communities. It seems that consistency is about as rare in the Presbyterian General Assembly as any-where else; it is, therefore, still a jewel. SUNDAY evening, May 24, Rev. Dr. Leigh-ton Williams told the congregation of the Amity Baptist Church,. in West Fifty-fourth Street, this city, the details of the murder of the missionary Dr. Charles F. Leach, and his wife and young son, which occurred on May 7, at Fsax, near Tunis, in North Africa. Dr. Leach was formerly a physician of New York, and eight years ago the Amity Baptist Church sent him to Algiers to do missionary work. Two years later he was transferred to another field, and while in Fsax he conducted a dis-pensary for the Arabs in addition to his regu-lar work. Dr. Leach's home was on the out- skirts of the town, and, according to the letter received, he was found dead in his room on the morning of May 8. There were ten knife wounds in his body. His wife had been stabbed four times, and the boy, who was six years old, had been murdered in the same man-ner. No reason is known for the murder ex- cept religious hate. Dr. Leach was the first missionary to venture into the territory about Fsax. THUS far only one of the three condemned Seventh-day Adventist ministers has been.  imprisoned at Chatham, Ont. William Simp-son, as our readers know, has been in prison for nearly four weeks, and has still about two weeks to serve. P. M. Howe has been in the neighborhood several times, and the authori-ties have known where to find him, but have not troubled themselves to arrest him. He has made no effort to keep out of their way, neither, has he offered to deliver himself up, but has simply gone about his business as an itinerant minister without any reference to the sentence hanging over him. The opinion has been expressed by one in a position to know, that he is not wanted. William Simpson, the imprisoned minister, was, at last accounts, enjoying good health, and rejoicing even in tribulation. His fare is little but bread and water, as he cannot endure the prison skilligalee. J. W. Lewis, imprisoned in Tiptonville, Tenn., for a similar offense, is likewise enjoy-ing good health, and is happy in the con-sciousness of having done right. He is still permitted all the liberty consistent with im-prisonment; has plenty of good food and finds no fault whatever with his treatment, though he is deprived of liberty. THE Weekly Spokane (Wash.) Review re-cently had this significant item :Š Waitsburg has seldom bad such an exciting election as that which just ended. The contest was between the upholders and opponents of Sunday closing, and the Church people won the day. These contests in which the church people are arrayed on one side, and non-church peo-ple on the other, are becoming entirely too frequent; they bode no good to our country. The Church as such has no proper place in political affairs; and the fact that the church people rally so readily in behalf of Sunday enforcement is an evil omen. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. 