PILGRIM'S PROGRESS Size, 634214% inch-es, 495 Pages, 6 il-lustrations. The story of both Chris-tian and his wife. An attractive edi-tion of this immor-tal classic. Price, 4oc. JOHN MARTIN LUTHER A most readable story of the life of this greatest reform-er, at home, at the university, as a monk, as a priest, at Rome, at the Diet of Worms, and the closing scenes of his career. Illustrated. Cloth, 6oc. POLITICAL SPEECHES c OF WYCLIFFE JACK THE CONQUEROR The life of this great- C eat of "the reformers be- fore it And Other Stories the Reformation" is7  one of intense interest, ( V)A  - The first and longest and is here told in such  story is that of ten-year- a way as to inspire the p old poverty- stricken reader to cultivate his, at opportunities and econ- omize his time. 6 they and mother were V both dead, and his aunt 9 would not allow him to V go to school. How his e ambition was aroused, tP etc. Well illustrated, C cloth, 6oc. e GOLDEN GRAINS o AND DEBATES cA fr A reproduction of  the principal", speeches a n d de-bates of Abraham " ConoArtis"otni.i":The Wanderer's Prayer," Lincoln during the The"The Tempting Gloves" TWO postpaid. Ł  his political antago- 4:110  THOUGHTS FROM THE nist, Stephen A. r MOUNT OF BLESSING Douglas. A fascin-ating volume of over 0 550 large pages. Cloth, $1.75. Cloth, 6oc. gether with those of 0 years 1854-1861, to- 1° "Tom's Revenge. " Complete set for 250, C C C An exposition of the Sermon on the Mount. "It can by no means be read with profit at one sitting, but is a C book for time of med-itation, as its title in-cates." ŠBaptist Union. Contains 209 pages, 18 half-tone engrav-ings, is bound in cloth at 75c, and half-calf at $1.00. A book well calculalyit o thow forth the p love of Christ, and to &act the reader into it a closer connection 7,tth Him. Contaite An entertaining story of how an unhappy m home was made and kept happy, together P 237 pages, 68 engravings, four of which a  with the influence it had over other homes.A three-color half-tow/s. Contains 203 pages; cloth soc. Ir Cloth, with gilt edges, $1.25. MAKING HOME HAPPY A TRUST .) NATIVE LIFE IN INDIA Contains two good V stories, the first being 0 of the struggles of a fa-mily, the head of which having gone, according to baby Phil, "Away 'cross the big sea, and p perhaps he'd tumble ,Ah out of the ship and det drowned." The second c tells of the faithful ef-forts of a boy to sup-port his sister and wid-owed mother. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. 41)  S AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS A series of p a m phlets, containing 320 pages and 45 beau-tiful stories for children. Following are some of the titles: "Joe Ben-ton's Coal Yard." "This Hand N e v e r Struck Me," The Burnt The author, Rev. Henry Rice, spent eighteen years in India, and has written a most interesting description of the social and reli-gious characteristics of the Hindus. The book is illustrated with (), twelve native drawing's. A comprehensive his-tory of that portion of Africa drained by the Kongo and its tributar-ies, together with nu-merous missionary inci-dents and experiences. 0 The author, Rev. Hol- m a n Bentley, writes C from personal observa- iilion, and gives much interesting information 4E)  concerning this much-Vtalked-of country. 1p Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. CANNIBAL ARCHIPELAGOES LIFE ON THE KONGO C C Here John Williams, Rev. G. N. Gordon and wife, J. D. Gordon, and others met death at the hands of the natives. Here dwell the Rubiana people, whose mania is the collection of human heads. Even here, this book informs us,ethe Gospel has made pro-gress. This is illus-trated by two scenes in one villageŠone as the missionaries found it, the other as inhab- itants had received Christian', .loth, 6oc. STORY OF REOP,Polf (ION Cloth, 6oc. An account of the expeditions sent in search of the North Pole by the United States and England. It is written in narra-tive style and is in-tensely interesting. Its illustrations are o f northern scenes and incidents, and are very good. Cloth, 6oc. ; LEFT WITH O SAVONAROLA A graphic ac-count of the life and martyrdom of this wonder- Iv  ful preacher of  Florence; also a sketch of his times. An in-spiring book for young read-ers, and o n e that will be read aga,,,t and again. Cloth 6oc.; AMERICAN SENTINEL. 479 13c)cŁks ale We Can IRocŁrrinri4encl. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, KADAS CTY, M OAKLANDN ,I O. CAL. 39 BoneStreet, New York City. 