154 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. there was a law which forbade any single holding of more than three hundred and thirty-three acres; the law was of ancient standing and had been gradually disre- - garded until practically it was forgotten, and the capitalists had entirely monopo-lized the public land which they cultivated by slave labor, And the citizens without capital being unable to compete with capital in control of slave labor, were virtu-ally crowded off the land. Tiberius de-termined that the monopolies should be broken and that the public lands should be restored to the citizens. It was done, and within two years the commissioners appointed to distribute the land had settled forty thousand families upon pub-lic lands which the monopolists had been obliged to surrender. But the commis-sioners soon became unpopular. Those who were compelled to resign their lands were exasperated, of course. On the other hand, those to whom the land was given -were not in all cases satisfied. It was certain that some would be given better pieces of land than others, and that of itself created jealousy and discontent. ' But the greatest trouble was, that in the great majority of cases it was not land that they wanted, in fact it was money that they wanted first of all; and although the land was virtually given to them and well improved at that, they could not get money out of it without work. It had to be personal work, too, because to hire slaves was against the very law, by virtue of which they had received the land; and to hire freemen was impossible ; (1) because no freeman would work for a slave's wages Šthat in his estimate would be to count himself no better than a slaveŠand (2) the new landed proprietor could not afford to pay the wages demanded by free labor, because he had to meet the competition of the wealthy land owners who worked their land with slave labor. The only alternative was for the new landholders to work their land themselves, and do the best they could at it. But as the money did not come as fast as they wished, and as what did come was only by hard work and economical living, many of them heartily wished themselves back amid the stir and bustle of the busy towns working for daily wages, though the wages might be small. The discontented cries soon grew loud enough to give the Senate its desired excuse to suspend the commissioners and then quietly to repeal the laW. Ten years afterward the same thing had to be done over again. This time it was accomplished under the leadership of Caius Gracchus brother of Tiberius; but it was not enough that he should restore the land law that had been secured by his brother. That law, even while it was being worked at its best, was satisfactory to but few of its beneficiaries. The law was restored, it is true, but the prospect of leaving Rome, and going perhaps to some distant part of  Italy to engage in hard work,:  was not much of a temptation to men who had spent any length of time in Rome, involved in its political strifes, and whose principal desire was to obtain money and the means of subsistence with as little work as pos-sible. It required something more than the restoration of the land law to satisfy these, and Caius granted it. With the " enthusiastic clapping " of every pair of poor hands in Rome,. he secured the passage of a law decreeing that there should be established in Rome, public granaries to be filled and main-tained at the cost of the State, and that from these the wheat should be sold to the poor citizens, at a merely nominal price. This law applied only to Rome, because in Rome the elections were held. " The effect was to gather into the city a mob of needy, unemployed voters, living on the charity of the State, to crowd the circus and to clamor at the elections,- available no doubt immediately to strengthen the hands of the popular tribune, but certain in the long run to sell themselves to those who could bid highest for their yoices."ŠFroude. This same thing was repeated over and over before the government became merged in an emperor. In fact it became neces-sary to repeat it; because,' although it was easy enough to, distribute the land, it was not so easy to keep it distributed. Those to' whom the land was given lived far beyond,their means and as the public gran-aries were open and the poor citizen could get the main part of his living for nothing those' who received the land for nothing were not likely to cultivate habits of economy. Their lands were soon mort-gaged and at last forfeited, falling back into the hands of the capitalists who, in the nature of 'things, at each successive turn became monopolists. Thus at last the distribution of the land became an old story, the distribution of grain still remained a fixture, and as money had to be paid by the government in order to give to the citizen either land or grain, there next naturally grew up the demand that the money should be given direct to the citizen, and in the eyes of demagogy, political necessity justified this step. Cmsar gave to each soldier about one thousand dollars, and to each citizen about twenty dollars with house rent free for a year. In addition to this he provided a magnificent feast for the citizens who were supported by the public grants of grain. Twenty-two thousand tables were spread with the richest viands from which the two hundred thousand State paupers feasted, while from hogsheads the finest wine flowed freely. Then came Augustus, the Emperor in whom was merged all that pertained to the State and the people. He was parens patrice. So long as Rome was in the full tide of conquest subduing populous and wealthy countries, levying upon them enormous tributes, robbing their treas- uries, and rifling their temples, there was always money in the Roinan treasury to furnish the lands, the grain, or even the- ready money, which occasion might, de-mand., But when the era of conquest ceased, as it did with Augustus, then also Ceased the abundant supply of money. So far from the demands ceasing, however, they went on as before. As the demands were imperative, the money had to be secured from some source, and as now it could no longer be secured by conquest, it had to be 'secured by other means and other means were employed. During the reign of Augustus there was need of money by many classes. The regular and legal system of taxation did not furnish enough, and logically enough confiscation was the next step. And why not ? Was not the Emperor the father ofthe people ? And may not the father divide up the patrimony amongst the children ? If some of the children have abundance and others have little or none, may not the father see that there is an equable distri-bution ? It is the father's office to care for the children. The Emperor .in the exercise of his office of parens patrice, did just this thing. Accordingly says Sueto-nins, " as often as large sums of money came into his possession, by means of con-fiscations, he would lend it 'free of interest, for a fixed term to such as could give se-curity for double of what was borrowed." Tiberius continued the same practice, for says the same author, " after the example ,of Augustus and to satisfy the ClamorS of the people, he loaned money without inter-est for three years to all who wanted to borrow." But the parens patrice had not enough money to supply all who wanted to bor-; row; accordingly, "he first compelled all money-lenders to advance two-thirds of their capital on land; and the debtors to, pay off at once the same proportion of their debts. And still there were .many who wanted to borrow. Five million dol-lars was yet required, and in order to ob-tain it he turned his mind to sheer rob-bery. It is certain that Cneius Lentulus, the augur, a man of vast estate, was so terrified by his threats and importunities that he was obliged to make him his heir. . . . Several persons, likewise, of the first distinction in Gaul, Spain, Syria, and Greece, had their estates confiscated upon-such despicably trifling and shameless pre-,, tensions, that against some of them no other charge was preferred -than that theyheld" large sums of ready money as part of their property." This was Rome. Such was the system of government to which the Supreme Court. of the United States appealed for guidance in the decision which we have considered:-And such was the exercise of the dignity of parens patrice by the government. which: originated it, and from: which, -through, the British copy, the dignity has new, 