"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for / Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 15, 1894. NUMBER 7. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, WILLIAM II. MC KEE. IT is claimed and urged on behalf of the papacy that she is the best promoter of a proper and " Christian " civilization. Fon this reason it is claimed and urged that the Republic of the United States cannot afford to ignore the papacy in the problems which confront the nation in the task of assimilating its immense im-migration, so as not to be hindered in its onward march to a complete " Christian " civilization. ---,Š AND Mr. Satolli has officially announced thatŠ Catholic education is the surest safeguard of the permanence throughout the centuries of the Constitu-tion, and the best guide to the Republic in civil prog- ress. . . The more public opinion and the Government will favor Catholic schools, more and more will the welfare of the commonwealth be ad-vanced. THIS claim that the papacy is the source and stay of civilization, not only now but through the ages of her existence, and is therefore an important if not an essential factor to the American Republic in the problems which it is called upon to solve in connection with its flood of immigra-tion,Šthis, like her other claims which we have noted, is sanctioned by professed Protestant papers and leaders, such as the Independent, the Christian at Work, et al. In this they ignore as usual the palpable and suggestive fact that the "fearfully large proportion" of these dangerous and uncivilized immigrants come from Cath-olic countries, are themselves Catholics, and the direct product of papal " civiliza-tion." As the basis and sufficient proof that the papacy is the source and stay of a " Chris-tian" civilization, there is presented by both. Catholics and " Protestants," and not less by " Protestants" than by Cath-olics, the stupendous " fact " that she civilized the barbarians of the fifth cen- tury and the middle ages, who annihilated the Roman Empire. This theory Dr. Philip Schaff constantly affirmed, though it clearly contradicted the undisputed and indisputable facts of the history which he himself had written. The truth is that there never was a clearer historical fraud put forth than this claim that the papacy civilized the barbarians who destroyed the Roman Empire, and occupied Western Europe in the middle ages. And since this fraudulent claim is now being so fre-quently made as the basis for the recog-nition of the papacy by the United States Government; and as Cardinal Gibbons asserts so plainly and positively that the papacy " is now precisely what she always has been," and that she " can never change," it is worth while to look a little into the connection and dealings of the papacy with the barbarians in the way of civilizing them. IT must not be forgotten that the papacy had possession of the Roman Empire itself, with all the power of the empire at her command, for nearly a hundred years before the barbarians ever entered the Western Empire with any intention to stay, and more than a hundred years before she had any chance to "civilize" them. It must be remembered too, that her alliance with the empire, and her securing possession of it, were for the express purpose of assuring to it the ben-efits of a " Christian civilization " and consequent " salvation." Surely here was ample time to test her powers in this di-rection, before she was ever called upon to " civilize " the barbarians. What, then, was the result ? It was this : When, by the union of Church and State, church-membership became a qualification for political as well as every other kind of preferment, hypocrisy became more prev-alent than ever before. This was bad enough in itself, yet the hypocrisy was voluntary; but when through the agency of her Sunday laws and by the ministra-tion of Theodosius the church received control of the civil power to compel all without distinction who were not Cath-olics to act as though they were, hypoc-risy was made compulsory ; and every person who was not voluntarily a church-member was compelled either to be a hyp- ocrite or a rebel. In addition to this, those who were of the church indeed, through the endless succession of contro-versies and church councils, were forever establishing, changing, and re-establish-ing the faith; and as all were required to change or revise their faith according as the councils decreed, all moral and spirit-ual integrity was destroyed. Hypocrisy became a habit, dissimulation and fraud a necessity of life, and the very moral fiber of men and of society was vitiated. ALL the corruptions that had character-ized the earlier Rome were thus repro-duced and perpetuated under a form of godliness in this so-called Christian Rome, the Rome of the fifth century.. The primitive rigor of discipline and manners was utterly neglected and forgotten by the ecclesiastics of Rome. The most exorbitant luxury, with all the vices attending it, was introduced among them, and the most scandalous and unchristian arts of acquiring wealth universally practiced. They seem to have rivaled in riotous living the greatest epicures of pagan Rome when luxury was there at the highest pitch. For Jerome, who was an eyewitness of what he writ, reproaches the Roman clergy with the same excesses which the poet Juvenal so severely censured in the Roman nobility under the reign of Domitian.5  The only possible result of such a course was constantly to increase unto more un-godliness, to undermine every principle of the foundation of society, and really to hasten the destruction of the empire. The pagan delusions, the pagan supersti-tions, and the pagan vices that had been adopted and brought into the Catholic Church by her apostasy and clothed with a form of godliness, wrought such infinite corruption that the society of which it was the greater part could no longer exist. It must inevitably fall by the weight of its own corruption, if from nothing else. The uncontrollable progress of avarice, prodigality, voluptuousness, theater going, intemperance, lewd-ness; in short, of all the heathen vices, which Chris-tianity had come to eradicate, still carried the Roman Empire and people with rapid strides toward dissolu-tion, and gave it at last into the hands of the rude, but simple and morally vigorous, barbarians.f AND onward those barbarians came, swiftly and in multitudes. They came, a host wild and savage it is true; but a people whose social habits were so far' * Bower's " History of the Popes," Damasus, par. 14. Schaff's " History of the Christian church," vol. 3, sec. 23, par. 2.  