348 AMERICAN SENTINEL. evil, the work of State education brings with it certain difficulties and perplexities of its own. Always the point is presentedŠhow much of the father's primary duty in the way of education shall the State take upon itself? There is physical punishment, for instance. Conceding its advisability, under any circumstances, shall a public school teacher administer corporal chastisement in per-son, or merely advise the child's father to do so? There are scores of little matters of personal habit, cleanliness, politeness, etc., etc., which are important parts of a child's education, and respecting which the provinces of parent and teacher are not by any means sharply defined as to,  their boundaries. Where the relation is merely between two private citizens, how they agree on its establish-ment, how they Modify its incidents, when or why they sever it, concerns no one but themselves. But make the teacher an officer of the State, and you at once convert every detail of his work with every pupil into a.thing of public concern, in which the entire community is inter-ested. The greatest embarrassment in this direction grows out of the divergence of religions among the people. lm s perfectly true that religion is a part, and a very important part of a child's education. But it by no means follows that he should receive this particular part at a public school. The parochial school, it is well un-derstood, in advance, discharges this parental function. It operates under the guidance and difection of a priest or preacher, selected by the parents, accepting their faith, professing and inculcating their creed. Those who send their young to such an institution do so with the desire and upon the condition that certain dogmas shall be taught, along with the sciences, the mathematics and the classics. The teaching is uniform, and acceptable to all alike. But the very moment' that you invite the members of more than one sect or denomination to send their children to the same school, then uniformity of in-struction in religious matters becomes impossible, with-out doing violence to the religious faith and sentiments of some one. IN this, as in all other departments of the world of thought, there is plenty of conscious, as well as of uncon-scious cant. People play upon the word "instruction;" they even try to tamper with the sacred name of religion. They say they do not want religiousinstruction ; all they want, forsooth, is prayers and Bible reading. But this is wicked trifling with truth and the essence of reality. Instruction is not necessarily given as such. It is given by exampleŠby action. If a teacher were to read out every morning to his class three or four pages of " Tom " Paine's "Age of Reason," without comment, would not his scholars conclude, and rightly conclude, that he ac-cepted the views of that author, and deemed it advisable for them to do the same? If he read it privately, and they detected him in so doing, would they not give to  what they secretly perused in the volume all the weight of his personal authority and influence over them? * How does it affect the principle at stake, that either the Bible or the "Age of Reason" is read "without com-ment"? The Bible is a sacred boOk. It is partly made up, it is true, of mere historical narration. But it is not read by any but great scholars for its history. It is read and loved by those who choose to read and love it be-cause of what they believe to be its divine inspiration. It is studied because of its assumed authority as an ex-ponent of a religious system, or cult. Those who so treasure it do not desire that it should be read or studied for any other reason, or in any other light, in schools, or anywhere else. Its reading must necessarily be recognized by the scholars as a public proclamation of their teacher that he individually believes in its sacred character, and would have them do soŠthat he gathers his faith from its pages, and would have them do the same. None of the advocates of the Bible in the public schools would busy themselves in the least about the matter, if they did not build upon this very hope and expectation. THE character of the Bible, as a sacred book, renders it impossible that it should be used in a school for any other purpose than to commend a certain form or type of religion to the scholars. This being the case; it is obvious that its use in a public school embodies that union of Church and State against which it is the main purpose of these humble paragraphs to protest most earnestly. Few people stop to think how many points of a purely religious nature are necessarily assumed and preached by the, mere, act of reading the Bible in a school, as it can only be readŠin its sacred character. Is there a Deity? Has he made a special "revelation" to man? Have we here the only such revelation, ever made, and do these pages contain it all? And so forth, and so on. Concerning all such topics, there be many minds among men Differences minute and innumerable exist, and all the differences are about religion, and nothing else in the world. To decide any one of them for the young is to teach and preach religion. To decide any one of them by reading the Bible in the public schools is to effectuate pro Canto a union of Church and State. Bum I hear a great cry over "godless education." It is a pretty phrase enough. And men are often guided and governed by phrases. I knew a man once who in-vented a liniment. He called it, let us say, "Socrates' Grecian Pain-Killer," and nobody would buy a bottle. Comparatively a small number of his neighbors, you see, had ever heard of Socrates; and not one of them cared anything for the Greeks, at that time, because the en-lightened press had not yet told them what magnificent disseminators of thegospel of truth and love those lamb- 