122 AA-WE IL-LI CAW SIFJN'T VoL. 8, No. 16. American colonial history is exceed-ingly fruitful in illustrations of how re-ligious intolerance has sought to shield itself behind civil considerations, and justify persecution on the ground of pro-tecting public morals and preserving the peace and dignity of the State. In " The Emancipation of Massachusetts," Brooks Adams relates how the clergy of that colony " used the cry of heresy to excite odium, just as they called their opponents Antinomians, or dangerous fanatics," to stir up the pe )ple against them. "Though the scheme was unprincipled," says Mr. Adams, "it met with complete success, and the Antinomians have come down to posterity branded as deadly enemies of Christ and the commonwealth; yet nothing is more certain than that they were not only good citizens, but substan- tially orthodox." Of course the motive of the clergy was wholly religious, yet they made it appear that while they were concerned for what they regarded as the true faith they were equally interested in the welfare of the colony. Henry Dun- ster, the first president of Harvard Col-lege, did not believe in infant baptism, and for this he was indicted and convicted on the charge of disturbing church ordi-nances. The disturbance was as real as is the disturbance charged in Tennessee against the Seventh-day AdventistsŠit was all in the minds of those,who, having control of legislation, were determined that the civil power should be used in support, to some extent at least, of their tenets. Dunster was driven out as an enemy of the commonwealth, and died in poverty and neglect. In 1651, John Cotton denounced certain Baptists as " foul murtherers " because they denied infant baptism. And in " The Emancipation of Massachusetts " page 116, we are told that under the Puritan Commonwealth, the moment a man " refused implicit obedience, or above all, if he withdrew from his con- gregation he was shown no mercy, be-cause such acts tended to shake the tem- poral power." " Therefore," says the same writer, page 118, " though Winslow solemnly protested before the commission-ers at London that Baptists who lived peaceably would be left unmolested, yet such of them as listened to "foul mur-therers " were denounced as dangerous fanatics who threatened to overthrow the government, and were hunted through the country like wolves." Regarding the facility with which civil offenses were for religious reasons charged in Massachusetts against dissenters, Charles Francis Adams says:Š A species of sweep-net was now needed which should bring the followers no less than the leaders under the ban of the law. The successful prose-cution of Wheelwright afforded the necessary hint. Wheelwright had been brought within the clutches of the civil authorities by a species of ex post facto legal chicanery. Even his most bitter opponents did not pretend to allege that he had preached his Fast day sermon with the intent to bring about any disturbance of the peace. They only claimed that his utterances tended to make such a result probable, and that his own observa-tion ought to have convinced him of the fact. Therefore, they argued, although it was true that no breach of the peace had actually taken place, and although the preacher had no intent to excite to a breach I f the peace, yet he was none the less guilty of constructive sedition. Constructive se-dition was now made to do the same work in New England which constructive treason, both before and after, was made to do elsewhere.ŠThree Epi-sodes of Massachusetts History, Vol. .1. page 477. But it mattered not that Wheelwright could be accused only by a legal fiction,  and that an extremely attenuated one. Mr. Adams thus relates the sequel :Š The court being now purged of all his friends Coddington only excepted, Wheelwright's case was taken up. He appeared in answer to the sum-mons; but, when asked if he was vet prepared to confess his errors, he stubbornly refused sl to do, protesting his entire innocence of what was charged against him. He could not be induced to admit that he had been guilty either of sedition or of contempt, and he asserted that the doctrine preached by him in his Fast-day discourse was sound; while, as to any individual application which had been made of it, he was not account-able. Then followed a long wrangle, reaching far into the night and continued the next day, during which the natural obstinacy of Wheelwright's temper must have been sorely tried. At his door was laid the responsibility for all the internal dis-sensions of the province. He was the fruitful source of those village and parish ills; and every ground of complaint was gone over, from the lax response of Boston to the call for men for the Pequot war to the slight put by his church upon Wilson, and halberdiers upon Winthrop. To such an indictment defense was impossible; and so, in due time, the court proceeded to its sentence. It was disfranchisement and exile, . . . His sen-tence stands recorded as follows: " Mr. John Wheelwright, being formally convicted of con-tempt and sedition, and now justifying himself and his former practice, being to the disturbance of the civil peace, he is by the court disfranchised and banished, having fourteen days to settle his affairs; and if within that time he depart not the patent, he promiseth to render himself to Mr. Stoughton, at his house, to be kept till he be dis-posed of ; and Mr. Hough undertook to satisfy any charge that he, Mr. Stoughton, or the country should be at."ŠId. pages 480, 481. Similar facts might be given at almost any length both in the history of Massa-chusetts and in that of England and other countries, but the reader can pursue the study for himself. Enough has been said to fully sustain the proposition that religious intolerance ever seeks to hide its hideous face behind some civil law, and to justify its crimes against human-ity on the ground of public necessity ; but nobody is deceived except the poor bigots themselves. Everybody else knows full well the real motive. C. P. B. A New Problem. THE Chicago Herald under the head " First Blow at Chicago," has this to say editorially :Š The short-sighted fanatics who shut the Chicago Fair on labor by inducing Congress to order that the gates be closed on Sundays have struck the first material blow the country has witnessed on " the sanctity of the Sabbath." They are to be hoist with their own petard. The rest of Sunday is to be broken in the most radical and sweeping man-ner if the work of the fanatics remain the order of the directory of the Exposition. As already stated in the Herald, organized labor has resolved to work Sunday and to see the Fair one of the days the fanatics allow it to be open. Many employers have already agreed to shut down Monday and let their men go to the Fair the second day of the wePk, on condition that they work the first day, so that contract orders shall be finished on time. The Central Labor Union prefers Satur-day as the rest day, but is equally ready to work Sunday in order that the men and their families shall have a day at the Fair. It is absolutely cer-tain that Sunday work in Chicago during the sum-mer is going to become a fact if the decree of fa-naticism shutting labor from the Fair, its present day of rest and recreation be held binding by the directors. The new board of directors must settle this ques-tion. On that board rests a grave responsibility. Is Sunday work to be witnessed in the factories and foundries, the carpenter shops, the tan yards, the lumber yards the machinery works, the ship yards, the coal yards, the mills of this city? It will be indeed a humiliating and shocking spectacle. Which will honor Sunday moreŠthese places now silent, Sunday resounding with the roar of labor, the Sabbath heavens darkened by their smoking chimneys, the children of the city taught an ine radicable lesson of broken rest and disturbed Sun-day quiet-'or the noble sight of these tens of thou-sands of wage earners in Jackson Park Sunday with  wives and children, educating themselves in all that tends to elevate, to refine and to make better? Chicago is now face to face with the first real blow at Sunday rest. Will the directors of the Fair rise to their duty and throw away the insolent and selfish command that, by reason of the broken pledge of Congress, no longer binds them in law or in morals? Can they conscientiously consent that Sunday in Chicago shall become a day of labor ? This is indeed a Nemesis. It is a new problem for the Sunday-closing advocates to solve; this, of course, they will not at-tempt to do. It is too knotty a problem for them to untie, they will cut the Gor-dian knot with the sword of the law. The Law and Order League will immediately discover the mission to which it has been called. The gospel of coercion as preached by the league, prompted and supported by the American Sabbath Union, the Church, and the clergy, will make a mar-velous object lesson at the Parliament of Religions, of the " Brotherhood of Man." W. H. M. The Dormant Seed Is Sprouting. THE Washington Post publishes the fol- lowing communication and appends the bill to which reference is made:Š Editor Post : The Christian public will certainly sympathize with the heroic effort of Rev. Dr. Parson to awaken in the mind of the unfortunate man at the United States jail, during his last hours, some realization of his religious condition. This effort was brought about, according to report, be-cause the victim was once a boy in Dr. Parson's Sabbath school; that is, the doctor thought on the basis of some slight acquaintance he might influ-ence him for good. But is it not unfortunate that any such necessity exists; that there is no official connected with the jail, workhouse, or any other penal institution in this District, whose duty and privilege it is to become thoroughly acquainted with every inmate, and help every one to a better life; not by spending an hour in worship on Sunday afternoon, but every day in the week, coming in contact with them, and acquiring infor-mation ? Is it not a strange fact that no well-regulated penal institution in the United States, except those here in the District of Columbia, is without a chaplain, whose business it is to do all that can be done to save men ? Punishment is nec-essary, but not reformatory. Police, judges, jailors, etc., are all well enough in their places, but is the whole duty of the public to men, women, boys, and girls accomplished when they are detected in crime and punished ? From 2,500 to 3,000 persons annually are poured out upon this city from these various institution., and yet so far as the United States Government is concerned not a hand is raised to save to better manhood or to reform one of them. I do not say that police, judges, and keepers may not exert some moral power, give good advice, etc., but they do that as individuals, not as officials. Their duty is in the line of justice, not reformation. Nearly ten years ago there was introduced into both houses of Congress a bill for the establishment of a chaplain to these thousands of incarcerated persons, pronounced by those who introduced it " a first rate bill," but it slumbered to death in a committee who never would take the pains even to have a hearing on the subject. There is an opportunity for some philanthropist who has some faith in Congress and a belief that if such an office was created it would not be one more " plum " to some politician, to revive the long-neglected opportunity and to cultivate this wholly uncultivated field of usefulness. It is said the Government does not pay for reli-gious work. The reply is, that in the ten years since that bill was introduced the United States has paid $18,000 for an average of less than one prayer a day, and that offered in the presence of few peo-ple who have any interest in it. J. H. BRADFORD. The following is the bill referred to, H. R. 5515, Forty-eighth Congress, first session:Š A BILL to establish a chaplaincy of the jail and institutions of charity and reform of the District of Columbia. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America, in Congress assembled: That there be established a chaplaincy to the institutions of charity, reformation, and so forth, within the District of Co-lumbia, as follows, namely: The United States Jail, the Wash-ington Asylum, the Reform School, the Georgetown Almshouse, and the Industrial Home School. SEC. 2. That the appointment be made by the President of the United States and confirmed by the Senate, and be for the term of fear years. 