AMERICAN SENTINEL. 139 The Proposed Alliance with Great Britain. LORD CHARLES BERESFORD, Rear Admiral in the British navy, is in this country as the representative of the British government, in the interests of a commercial alliance between Great Britain and the United States. The purpose of this proposed alliance is of course the protection of Anglo Saxon "interests" in China. So far as those interests are concerned, the alliance will be an offensive and defensive one, and under it the United States will be expected to "back up Great Britain's policy in the far East." The reception accorded Lord Beresford in this country at all points from San FranciscoŠthe point of his arrivalŠto New York City, has been very enthusi-astic, and is understood to indicate the sentiment of representative and influential American people towards the project which has brought the distinguished Briton to these shores. In a number of speeches made along the way, the latter has outlined quite fully the leading features of the situation under which the.  proposed al-liance is deemed necessary, and it will be instructive to quote some of his statements upon this point. In the opinion of Lord Beresford, it is, says the Chicago Times-Herald, "imperatively necessary that the powers act and and act at once" to prevent the segregation of China and guarantee its integrity, for the " good of the world in general and of the commercial world in par-ticular." Of the prospects for the realization of an Anglo-American alliance, he says:Š "I base my opinion of the success of this venture not only on the enthusiasm displayed by the American com-mercial bodies since my arrival at San Francisco last week, but on the letters and telegrams I have received from prominent business men throughout the United States in favor of the proposition. Even while in China studying this subject I was in receipt of letters from prominent Americans in all parts of the country. I have preserved all the letters and telegrams, which I shall display to the English commercial bodies as an evidence of the good faith of the Americans and their united interest in the project. " Then, too, I am now gathering whenever possible, memorials, resolutions, and other forms of the expres-sions of the commercial bodies of this country in relation to the subject. For instance, in San Francisco I received most extraordinary encouragement and carry as souv- enirs of the occasion numerous letters of commendation of the great plans I am contributing to. Many of these letters are from commercial men of the Pacific coast, and in addition I have a memorial from the Chamber of Commerce of that city which pledges its unqualified sup-port of the plans I am working on. "OfŁ course I will exhibit all these testimonials in England, but the more practical advantage will be the influence these gentlemen in America will contribute toward the forming of a wave of public sentiment that will have some practical effect in urging the importance of the situation on the national congress of the United States. "I can say that in San Francisco I did not meet a single individual who was not enthusiastically in favor of the great enterprise. Of course the Pacific coast ex-pects to benefit very largely from the development of the trade in the far East, where the United States is con-cerned. This would really give the people of San Francisco a selfish interest in the success of the idea. But aside from that I believe many men favor the project through unselfish motives, because they see in it the only solution of the Cninese question, which, it not settled very shortly along these lines, must inevitaby result in the partition of that empire among the great nations of the world, a consequent restriction of trade, and perhaps be the direct means of contributing to a world's war, in which life and treasure will be squandered in such volume as was never conceived of before. Of his plans for pushing the projected alliance in this country he said:Š "I shall ask that the commercial bodies of that city [Chicago] adopt resolutions favoring the plan, pledging their support and active cooperation toward that end, and the urging upon the Congress of the United States of the importance of official action. In addition I shall secure, if possible, individual letters from the merchants of that city, especially from those of world-wide business reputation, showing their personal interest in the propo-sition and their determination to do what they can for the success of the alliance. These letters and commercial club resolutions I shall exhibit in England as the evi-dence of the unqualified support the American people are giving the question of alliance for commercial purposes in the Orient. "In New York, which I will visit after leaving Chicago, I desire to secure about the same thing. I will also go to Washington, and probably get some testi-monials, if possible, from men of public prominence there. I am quite anxious to visit other cities of the country before I return to England, but am not yet sure I can do so." Lord Beresford has in view a formal alliance, rather than an informal one. On this point he says:Š "This is a question, no doubt that will bear the most careful discussion. My study of the proposition in the Orient and in other sections of the world leads me to the conclusion that a formal alliance is the proper man-ner in which the subject should be handled. "Of course, community of interests is the mainspring of all national alliances, whether they are formal al-liances or merely friendly arrangements for a given purpose. The subject matter for a community of action between America, England, Germany, and Japan cer-tainly exists. If a formal alliance is entered into between these nations the object of the same can be fully set forth and there can be no room for a misunderstanding be-tween the powers acting in concert nor those not in the alliance. The formal alliance will be notice to the civ-ilized world of the determination of these strong nations to act in behalf of China, and I conceive that the best re-sult can be obtained from a formal alliance." But formal or informal, the alliance must, in his view, be concluded speedily. "Still I am satisfied," he says, "that an informal alliance with the same objects in view 