130 AMERICAN SENTINEL. whose,fundamental principle is contrary to the expressed word and faith Of Christ? And if they are not brought to Christ, then what will the mission accomplish? But this is not all: As Mr. Reid's is professedly a Christian mission, it is to be supposed that he will follow the Method, and presenethe word, of Christ. There came to Jesus once, one of "the higher classes "Šone of "the educated and official class"Ša ruler of the Jews, a mem-ber of the Sanhedrim. The first words that Jesus said to him were these : "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." This high-class man didn't understand that, and.  asked, "How can a man be born when he is old?" "Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit. Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again." If Mr. Reid does not preach this to the higher classes to whom he has gone, then he will not preach to them Christianity at all. And as certainly as he does preach it, and as certainly as any of them accept it and are born again, so certainly they will no longer be of "the higher classes." On their own part they will not count them-selves of "the higher classes," but of the lowest, the chiefs of sinners ; and on the part of "the higher classes" those who are born again will no longer be recognized or counted as belonging in their "class" at all. Yet more than this: Even though Mr. Reid's scheme should succeed exactly according to his plan as described, no man would be justified in concluding that it was the work of Christianity throughout. Even though he should succeed in getting "the higher classes" to accept his reli-gion and still, remain "the higher classes," so that "those beneath them" could be attracted by their example, the mission would yet lack the essential element of Chris-tianity. Everybody knows the readiness of the lower classes to court the attention and favor of the higher classes by imitating their ways, whether it be in the cut of their hair, the cut of their beard, the cut of their coats, or the cut of their religion. 'Whatever becomes fashionable among the higher classes will be readily copied by those beneath them. And only let Mr. Reid's religion become fashionable among the higher classes of China or any-where else, and just then he will find "much accomplished for those beneath them" in the way of their imitating the ways of the new fashion in religion. But it would not by any means be Christianity. Whole nations have been thus "Christianized;" but they were further from Christianity when it was done, than when they made no pretensions to being anything but heathen. At first they were only heathen. But after being so "Christianized," they were heathen and hypo-crites besides. When they were only heathen, there was room, and a possibility, for them to become genuine  Christians by accepting the faith of Christ upon printiple. But when they became heathen, who, by only an out-ward form, gave themselves credit for being Christians, they thus shut themselves off from becoming Christians indeed, by having made it only a cloak for their hea-thenism. Christianity is not a fashion: it is a principle. It is not a thing that can be imitated : it is a new life planted in the heart. It cannot be derived from any example of "the higher classes," but from God alone, by a personal faith in Jesus Christ. And just because it is a principle and not a mere pro-fession ; because it is a new life and not a new fashion ; in its very nature Christianity can never recognize any classes, nor class distinctions, nor have any respect of persons whatever. The cross of Jesus Christ abol-ishes and obliterates all middle walls of partition, by obliterating "the enmity " from which arise all such things. In the light of the plain words of Scripture, and of what Christianity really is, it is plain enough that all that Mr. Reid's mission is, is to carry to China a phase of philosophy and civilization that is different from that which they have. But neither philosophy nor civilization nor even a compound of both, is Christianity. An Expansive Gospel. J. C. Hiden, D. D., in "The Independent," May 21, 1896. IN none of our Lord's final directions is there the slightest hint that Christianity was to wait upon civil-ization; nor does anything in that "missionary maga-zine," the Acts of the Apostles, give the least color to such a view. The wise according to this world often tell us that it is useless to attempt to evangelize barbarians; that we must first instruct them in at least the rudiments of civilization, and thus prepare them for the reception of the gospel. This view savors of the baldest rationalism. Does God care only for civilized people? No; Christianity does not come to help man after he has helped himself, but in his helplessness; and it is quite easy to lay too much stress upon what is called, " the connection be-tween Christianity and civilization." We know that not a few of the most cultivated men in ancient as well as in modern times, have been very wicked. Julius Caesar was one of the most accomplished men that ever lived. From a moral point of view, the boasted Greek civilization was rotten to the core. Even Plato's "Republic" advocates the twin villainies of communism and "free love." Tweed was an " educated " man. Aaron Burr was one of the most accomplished politicians that ever figured in American history. His native talents were splendid. He was well educated. He was an able soldier under Washington. He was one of the most uniformly success-ful advocates that ever practiced at any bar. As an orator he stood in the very front rank in an age which 