'Tang manhecrr my-words and believe not !judge him no 704 - - rHE SENTINEL OF' LIBERTY. CHICAGO, NOVEMBER 8, 1900.- Anyone receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE secretary of the " New England Sabbath Protective League " reports through its organ that he has spoken seventeen times in the interests of the league 'the past month [October], and his en-gagements reach into February of 1901. IT is stated that an anti-Sunday-excursion bill will be presented at the the next session of the Maine legislature. Most of the religious bodies in the State have appointed strong committees " to watch over the bill." church property in California has been taxed, but now, as the result of persistent agitation by church .leaders, a constitutional amendment is before the people " to exempt from, taxation all buildings used solely and exclusively for religious,  worship, and so much of the real property as is required for their convenient use an-1 occupation." .4 Š4 THE State Christian Citizenship League of Illi-nois has sent to every candidate for election to the Illinois legislature a list of questions, with a request for an answer to the same. The attitude *of the can-didate toward these questions, it is understood, will in each case determine the attitude of the Christian ,Citizenship League toward the candidate at the polls. The questions in this case relate principally to the saloon, but if they related to Sunday enforce-,  ment and other religious measures it would not be beyond the scope of the Christian Citizenship move-ment, as outlined in its literature. We are unques-tionably rapidly approaching the time when candi-dates for political office will have to pass a religious test in order to be sure of the church vote. THE liquor dealers' organization in-  Lexington, THE Bible will not be read in the public schools Ky., is lending its influence in favor of Sunday clos7 of Chicago. This decision was reached recently by ing of the saloons, so as to render these disreputable the school board by a vote of thirteen to six. The institutions " law-abiding." The saloon, however, vote was upon a book of selections made by a com- being a natural breeder of crime; is a natural outlaw, mittee of which Professor Swing and Cardinal Gib- and its character is not changed in the least_by its bons were members. The book is in use in the observance of Suliday. schools of a number of American cities. This attitude of the liquor organization is pleas- ing to some of Lexington's clergy, one of whom, in commending 'Sunday closing, said that " the con- A RECENT London despatch says: "The Sultan of tinual strain on nerve and brain is too severe without Turkey continues to oppress the Armenians in the such refreshing, invigorating, and elevating in- most heartless manner, according to a report of fluences as come from one day out of every seven Bishop Mush to the Armenian Patriarch at Con- devoted to moral, intellectual, and physical repairs." stantinOple. He says everything in the way of This is a poor argument for Sunday closing as ap- crops, sheep, cattle, and furniture has been carried plied to the saloon. If the strain of keeping open off by the Kurds and that many Armenians have and doing business seven days in the week would be- died of starvation. The report concludes that the come so severe as to wreck the institution entirely, despair of all Armenians in these districts' is such by all means let the saloon be kept open the week that they have come to wish that a general massacre through. We are not anxious for the liquor busi- might terminate their sufferings." , ness to experience, a periodical recuperation by the observance of Sabbath-test. THE election in California this week decides .4 .4 - Ł , future policy touching -Ł.the'question of THE state dealS with crime, but God alone has.  the taxation of chin-cli property. Up to this time the, authority to deal with sin. - 