660 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Christianity" exemplified by the soldiers of the "Chris-tian" powers, with whom these poor ignorant people have come in contact. is War Consistent With Christianity?ŠNo. 4. By Jonathan Dymond. Now I CONTEND that for all the purposes of the argu-ment, the cases of the martyr and the assaulted person are precisely similar. He who was about to be led to the stake, and he who was about to lose his life by the assassin, are both required to regulate their conduct by the same laws, and are both to be prepared to offer up their lives in testimony of their allegiance to Christian-ity: the one in allegiance to her, in opposition to the violation of her moral principles and her moral spirit; and the other, in opposition to errors in belief or to ec-clesiastical corruptions. It is therefore in vain to tell me that the victim of persecution would have suffered for religion's sake, for so also would the victim of the ruffian. There is nothing in the sanctions of Christianity which implies that obedience to her moral law is of less consequence than an adherence to her faith; nor, as it respects the welfare of the world, does the consequence appear to be less; for he who, by his fidelity to Chris-tianity, promotes the diffusion of Christian dispositions and of peace, contributes, perhaps, as much to the hap-piness of mankind, as he who by the same fidelity recom-mends the acceptance of an accurate creed. A great deal hangs upon this question, and it is therefore necessary to pursue it farther. We say, then, firstŠthat Christianity has not declared that we are ever at liberty to kill other men: secondlyŠthat she vir-tually prohibits it, because her principles and the prac-tise of our Saviour are not compatible with it: and, thirdlyŠthat if Christianity allowed it, she would in effect and in practise allow war, without restriction to defense of life. The first of these positions will probably not be dis-puted; and upon the second, that Christianity virtually prohibits the destruction of human life, it has been the principal object of this essay to insist. I would, there-fore, only observe, that the conduct of the Founder of Christianity, when his enemies approached him "with swords and staves," appears to apply strictly to self-defense. These armed men came with the final purpose of murdering him; but although he knew this purpose, he would not suffer the assailants to be killed or even to be wounded. Christ, therefore, would not preserve his own life by sacrificing another's. But we say, thirdly, that if Christianity allows us to kill one another in self-defense, she allows war, without restriction to self defense. Let us try what would have been the result if the Christian Scriptures had thus placed  human life at our disposal: suppose they had saidŠYou may kill a ruffian in your own defense, but you may not enter into a defensive war. The prohibition would ad-mit, not of some exceptions to its applicationŠthe ex-ceptions would be so many, that no prohibition would be left; because there is no practical limit to the right of self-defense, until we arrive at defensive war. If one man may kill one, two may kill two, and ten may kill ten, and an army may kill an army:Šand this is defen-sive war. Supposing, again, the Christian Scriptures had said, an army may fight in its own defense, but not for any other purpose. We do not say that the excep. tions to this rule would be so many as wholly to nullify the rule itself; but we say that whoever will attempt to apply it in practise will find that he has a very wide range of justifiable warfare; a range that will embrace many more wars than moralists, la xer than we shall suppose him to be, are willing to defend. If an army may fight in defense of their own lives, they may and they must fight in defense of the lives of others: if they may fight in defense of the lives of others, they will fight in defense of their property: if in defense of property, they will fight in defense of political rights: if in defense of rights, they will fight in promotion of interests: if in promotion of interests, they will fight in promotion of their glory and their crimes. Now let any man of hon-esty look over the gradations by which we arrive at this climax, and I believe he will find that, in practise, no curb can be placed upon the conduct of an army until they reach it. There is, indeed, a wide distance between fighting in defense of life, and fighting in furtherance of our crimes; but the steps which lead from one to the other will fol-low in inevitable succession. I know that the letter of our rule excludes it, but I know the rule will be a letter only. It is very easy for us to sit in our studies, and to point the commas, and semicolons, and periods of the soldier's career; it is very easy for us to say he shall stop at defense of life or at protection of property, or at the support of rights; but armies will never listen to usŠwe shall be only the Xerxes of morality throwing our idle chains into the tempestuous ocean of slaughter. What is the testimony of experience? When nations are mutually exasperated, and armies are levied, and battles are fought, does not every one know that with whatever motives of defense one party may have begun the contest, both, in turn, become aggressors? In the fury of slaughter, soldiers do not attend, they cannot attend, to questions of aggression. Their business is destruction, and their business they will perform. If the army of defense obtains success, it soon becomes 'an army of aggression. Having repelled the invader, it begins to punish him. If a war is once begun, it is vain to think of distinctions of aggression and defense. Mor-alists may talk of distinctions, but soldiers will make none; and none can be made; it is without the limits of possibility. 