AMERICAN SENTINEL. 633 appears to have been a snare, into which professing Christians were early betrayed. . . . Thus, as a Jew-ish rite, its obligation ceased, and its observance became dangerous. . . . As a society we have never objected to a day of rest. . . . A day of rest when by common consent the business of the world is suspended, is peculi-arly favorable to the important object of social worship, without which religious society would lack one of those connecting bonds which hold it together. "For these and other reasons which might be as-signed, we freely concur in setting apart the first day of the week as a day of rest, to be devoted to public wor-ship. . . . Nor do we think proper to call it the Lord's day. Every day is alike his. . . . We, not seeng any ground in Scripture for it, cannot be so superstitious as to believe that either the Jewish Sabbath now continues, or that the first day of the week is the antitype thereof, or the true Christian Sabbath; which with Calvin we be-lieve to have a more spiritual sense; and therefore we know no moral obligation by the fourth commandment, or elsewhere, to keep the first day of the week more than any other, or any inherent holiness in it." The Vermont Sabbath Law. BY GEO. B. WHEELER. IN the Declaration of Rights, in the constitution of Vermont, article 3, it is declared, "All men have a natural an inalienable right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own consciences and understand-ings, as in their opinion shall be regulated by the Word of God." . . . "No authority can, or ought to be vested in, or assumed by, any power whatever, that shall in any case interfere with, or in any manner control the rights of conscience, in the free exercise of religious wor-ship." It is plainly stated here, that every man's right to regulate his worship of God, in accordance with his opinion of the requirements of the Word of God, is a natural and inalienable one. That is, a right that no power is justified in taking away from him. And this is further emphasized by denying that any authority or power whatever has any right to interfere with or control it. Yet, notwithstanding this clear statement of the Declaration of Rights of the State of Vermont, there is on the statute books of the State a Sabbath law, which, under the head of "An Act in Relation to Sabbath-break-ing," prohibits all citizens of the State from engaging in any business or employment, excepting works of necessity or charity, or engaging in any game, sport, play, or amusement upon Sunday, the first day of the week. This decides a controverted point as to which day is the Sabbath, and denies to the people of the State a right that is declared by its constitution to be "a natural and inalienable" one,Što follow the dictates of their own consciences, and their own opinion of what the Word of God teaches as to which day is the Sabbath. While the constitution declares that "every sect or-denomination of Christians ought to observe the Sabbath or Lord's day," it does not designate which day is the Sabbath or Lord's day, nor does it lay the obligation upon any but Christians. It is true that a large majority of the Christian peo-ple of the State regard the first day of the week as the Sabbath or the Lord's day. It is also true that it was through their influence that the Sabbath laws of the State were made, and it is through their influence that they are at the present time supported. This action on their part recognizes it as just and right, for that part of the religious community that has the greatest influ-ence in the State, to put their interpretation upon one of God's commandments, and then go to the legislature and get power to compel all others regardless of belief, wishes, or interests to conform to it. All persecuting govern-ments in the past have done nothing more than to carry out this principle, and if it is correct, they are justified in their persecutions. There are in the State of Vermont nearly six hundred Christian people, who have the reputation of being ear-nest and consistent, who read' the Word of God that "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God" instead of the first. They also believe that the Word of God teaches that it is wrong to give to any other day than the Sabbath, the sacred character of the Sabbath, by abstaining from both labor and amusements. They also believe that it is wrong to pay fines for exercising their right of opinion, instead of conforming to the opin-ions of others as to which day is the Sabbath or Lord's day. The Sabbath laws of Vermont if enforced would place every one of these six hundred Christian people in prison as criminals, for doing what the Declaration of Rights in the constitution of the State declares they have "a natural and inalienable right" to do, in regulating their worship of God in accordance with their own opinion of his requirements. The Declaration of Rights and the Sabbath -law of Vermont directly antagonize each other. If the position of one is true the other is absolutely false, and consis-tency would demand that either one or the other be abolished. An examination of the civil reasons that are used to justify Sunday laws will show their fallacy. It is declared that it is for the individual's physical, moral, and social good to rest upon Sunday. Many arguments are used to prove this. To compel an individual to rest Sunday for his own good, is to take away his right of private judgment in a matter that pertains to his own good, which right lies at the very basis of civil liberty. If it is right to invade that right in one instance, it is right to invade it in others, and so on, until absolutely nothing is left to the individual's own judgment, and all of his rights are taken away. Ordinary labor and harmless amusements are cer- 