THE AliVIERICAN SENTINEL. 109 Mr. GROUT : Don't you think it ought to be repealed ? Mr, CORLISS : I think all Sunday laws are unconstitutional, and should not exist. But I was about to say that this law does still exist; and by reference to the statutes of the District of Columbia it will be seen that the police of the city of Washington are obliged to enforce that law. I read :Š It shall be the duty of the Board of Police, at all times of the day or night, within the boundary of said Police District, to see that all laws relative to the observance of Sunday are promptly enforced. Now, why has not this law been en-forced ? Certainly not because there is no such law, but because it is part of a stat-ute savoring so strongly of the Dark Ages as to make every one ashamed of it. But it is this kind of company in which Sun-day laws were originally found; and that .is where they belong, for they are but a relic of the old system of Church and State. Indeed, this law now in force in the District is as near to representing a Church and State power as it could well be. Again : if this bill contemplates only a civil law, what right has it to exempt from . its penalty a person, simply because he may hold a certain religious faith, According to the provisions of this bill, a man who has a certain religious faith may do what another man without such a religious faith cannot do. This shows that it is re-ligious, and not civil. It matters not what a man's religious faith is, it cannot exempt him from the penalties provided by law against civil offenses, for the reason that a man's religious faith cannot determine his innocence in such a case. It is just as wrong for a professed Christian to be found fighting in the street as for an avowed in-fidel; and it is no greater offense for an infidel to be thus engaged than for a Chris-tian. These things are recognized by the courts. Take, for example, the law against po-lygamy. It does not exempt a man who happens to have a peculiar religious faith in relation thereto.. Not by any means. One who believes it right, religiously, to violate that law, finds no favor because of his religious belief. Why is this ?--Simply because the law against polygamy is held to be purely a civil law. In fact, a civil law can do nothing else than to hold every offender guilty, whoever he may be, or whatever may be his religious faith. Any exemption in a law in favor of a certain religious belief immediately stamps the law as religious. But according to this bill, a law may be enacted which will rec- ognize one man as a criminal because he lacks certain elements in his religious be- lief, while another man having these ele- ments may be considered a good' citizen, even though he has done the very same act by which the other man 'was adjudged guilty; and the framers of this bill must be marvelously dull of comprehension not to be able to see it. Opposition Leagues. WE mentioned a week or two ago, the plan adopted by the Sunday-law managers in Chicago, of organizing a Sunday-rest League in each ward which is to 'work for Sunday laws and their enforcement; and for the election of candidates pledged to their enactment and enforcement. But this matter does not stop there; the other side of the question have also taken up the work of organizing leagues in oppo-sition to this. This is called the Personal Rights League; and it numbers already in Chicago 25,000 voters. One of the pur- poses of this league, is directly to antago-nize the other. We do not take sides with this league as such, no more than with the other; but it is worth while for professed Chris-tians who form the Sunday-rest Leagues, to run ward politics, seriously to consider that matter and count the cost. Are they ready to carry that contest clear through when they enter ward politics ? Enter-ing upon it as Christians are they going to continue to be Christians, and to do in all things according to real Christian eth-ics ? If so, how do they expect success-fully to meet the political opposition which is bound by no such considerations ? If they expect to conduct their ward politics in all respects upon sound Christian prin-ciples, and be successful,Šthey might just as well stop before they begin. And if they are not going to do this, they had better stop before they begin. In truth the latter will be their only alternative. They will have to meet political methods in a political way, and with like methods, all the time if they are going to win. Therefore they had better stop before they begin, because religious politics is ever so much worse than civil politics; and corrupt religious politics is infinitely worse than corrupt civil politics. Ł Every league that is formed by those political-religious bodies, will be met by an oppo-sition league, and then the question of winning is simply a question of which shall be most successful in political scheming. Professed Christians ought to learn that it is not through politics that Christianity makes its true influence felt, nor is it by political campaigns that it wins its victories. A. T. J. " SENATOR BLAIR," says the New York World, " writes to a city newspaper that the failure of his Educational bill was due in great measure to the neglect of the met-ropolitian press to report his speeches. What does he mean ? The newspapers of this city have no vote in the Senate. The men who heard his speeches voted against his measure." Ł * Ł  WE believe the Church is stronger on its own foundation than when it leans on something else. Whenever the Church reaches out to the State for help it places God below the civil Government, or at least on an equality with it.ŠColorado Graphic. religious rights. Let such a bill as this pass, and it would be but another step to make all mental disturbance on Sunday a crime. Then woe betide the man who dared publicly to proclaim any religious views on that day not in harmony with his neighbor ! There is danger in taking the first step in religious legislation. It is every one's privilege to keep the Sabbath, Šnot as a civil duty, but as a religious duty. That is, however, a matter belong-ing-  wholly to individuals as a right of conscience, with which the courts have nothing to do, except to protect each one from disturbance in his devotions. But this bill is not necessary for that purpose, for every State and Territory in this Union has already a law providing that religious meetings; held on any day of the week, shall be protected from disturbance. I wish here to reiterate the statement, that; Sunday was set apart only for a re-ligious reason; and I will submit, on this point, an extract from the argument of Rufus King, made before the Superior Court of Cincinnati, in the well known case which. was tried to decide the question as to whether or not the Bible should be taught in the public schools of that city. Mr. King was attempting to show, in sup-port of having the Bible taught as part of the public education, that it was the prov-ince of the State to enforce religion. And to prove his position true he cited the Sun-day law of that State, saying The proviso of the Sunday law exempts those only who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath. Why are they exempted ? Why, but because they_ religiously observe another Sabbath, ? Why, then, aoes the law of Ohio enforce the observance of Sunday 2ŠManifestly because it is religious. Then he says, upon the same point: "The same law makes it a penal offense to profanely swear by the name of God, Jesus Christ, or the Holy Ghost." This last statement of his is to show that the Sunday law of Ohio is wholly religious. In this connection let me say, gentle-men, that the District of Columbia has just the same kind of Sunday law as that of Ohio. This law of the District of Co-lumbia was in force when this book was issued which I hold in my hand, which was April 1, 1868; and I am told that this lam,-  (which I will read) was re-enacted in 1874. I quote from the law. Section 1 provides thatŠ If any person shall deny the Trinity, he shall, for tl*first offense, be bored through the tongue, and fined twenty pounds, . . . and for the second of-fensie, the offender' being thereof convict as afore-said, shall be stigmatized by burning on the fore-head with the letter B; and fined forty pounds, . . and for the third offense, the offender being thereof convict ,a aforesaid, shall suffer death, without the benefit of the clergy. Section 10 of the same law has this :Š No person whatever shall do any bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called, Sunday, . . . and that every person transgressing his act, and being thereof convict by the evidence of one sufficient witness, or confession of the party, before a civil magistrate, shall forfeit tlivo hundred pounds of to-bacco. Now, gentlemen, that law has never been repealed. 