406 A_Mt lEN,IE-t, I CA_N- 1ENrir1LNil L. VoL. 11, No. 51. in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from such service or labor; but shall be delivered up, on claim of the party to whom such service or labor may be due. The word " slave" is not here used, but slavery was meant; and in harmony with this section of the Constitution, a special law was passed by Congress in 1793 providing for the recapture of slaves. As time progressed and the evil and sinfulness of slavery became more clearly apparent, the law was not obeyed: many Christians holding that it was a Chris-tian duty to assist in secreting slaves, and aiding them on their way to Canada. So much of this was done that in 1850 a new and more stringent law to the same effect was enacted by Congress. This law was known as the " Fugitive Slave Law." But it also was disregarded, and the friction arising over this and other features of the slavery question led to the great anti-slavery movement, the for-mation of a new party, the election of Lin-coln and the extinction of slavery. During those stormy days preceding the war, many Christians paid little regard to the Fugitive Slave Law. Yet is was the law, and based on a clause in the Constitution, the highest law of all for the nation. They be-lieved that the law was wrong, and hence disregarded it. Time has justified, and pos-terity approved, their conduct. But if law were the only criterion, those men were wrong, and deserving of severe condemnation and punishment; for, in the most persistent manner, they advocated the "violation of the statutes." Another later illustration of the danger of allowing the "statutes in such cases made and provided" to be the rule of conscience may be seen in the law of Florida known as the "Sheats' Law." This law made it a penal offence for anyone to teach negroes and white children in the same building. The Christian Advocate, in its issue of Nov. 5, referring to this law, says that " the mis-sionaries who were directly affected by this discriminating and unjust legislation disre-garded it for the most part;"and evidently approves their conduct in so doing. That law has now been declared void by the Su-preme Court of that State. But if law is to be obeyed blindly, irrespective of the greater question of whether it is right or wrong, the Sheats' Law, as well as the Fugitive Slave Law, should have been scrupulously obeyed. Of course whoever violates a law must expect to take the penalty, whether the law is right or wrong; but often the violation of an in-iquitous law is the best and perhaps the only means of calling attention to it, and securing its modification or repeal. To say that all the laws that now exist in regard to civil affairs, even in our own coun-try, are absolutely right would stretch one's credulity to the utmost. But how much greater danger there is that laws relating to religion are decidedly wrong; for in making such laws the State is entirely outside of its province, and under such circumstances it cannot fail to be wrong.. In support of this conclusion evidence might be drawn from the history of every nation under the sun from the earliest times down to our own day. Our own country has afforded many illus-trations of this truth from colonial times until the present generation. Some of these laws have been repealed, others have died from disuseŠyet exist in an atrophied form; others, like the laws for the observance of Sunday, still remain, and their votaries claim for them the same infallibility which has been believed in the past to sanction other' unjust religions laws of the same nature which long ago were consigned to oblivion.  Entirely to eliminate religious laws from our statute books would greatly simplify the question of law and obedience as related to civil affairs, and would be a great step toward the attainment of the probably unattainable ideal of civil lawŠabsolute perfection. At the present time no one can truthfully say that this ideal has been achieved. As long as all men, do not see their relig-ious duties precisely alike, and as long as the religious ideas of certain persons are enforced by civil law, we may expect that there will be those who will not accept the idea of the in-fallibility of the State and State laws. And should they be accused of violating these laws, which menace their religious rights, they will say, as did certain ones of old whom we all delight to honor, and who were simil-arly charged, " We ought to obey God rather than man." ..- POLITICS IN THE PULPIT. [Reading (Pa.) Herald.] THE clergymen who believe it is meet to turn their pulpits into lecture platforms and proper to convert their sermons into stump speeches were out in full force on Thanks-giving day. They took occasion to gloat over the late Republican victory and to rub it into the poor defeated Democrats in splen-did rhetorical periods and rich bursts of elo-quence. Some of their hearers, who had gone to church for religious and not political purposes, walked out during the sermoniz-ing, and a good many others were ready to do so. It would appear that there are still many pulpiteers in this land of the free who find the contents of the Bible too circumscribed, and who must needs seek themes for their effective discourses in other fields. What-ever excuse there may have been in the very unusual campaign that is now happily ended for proclaiming national honor and uphold-ing popular probity in the pulpit, there is no excuse for an offensive partisanship on the minister's part to-day. To haul out the issues of a dead-and-gone campaign, and to flaunt them in the faces of the defeated as a cause of thanksgiving, is neither generous, just, nor prudent. It is decidedly inappro-priate. It is entirely unnecessary. It will not advance the cause of Christianity. It cannot help the affairs of the nation. " THE LOGICAL CONCLUSION." THE New York Journal defends the Sun-day newspaper upon the ground that general acceptance of an article demonstrates its worth. As the Journal is defending the Sunday paper against a religious class who would have it suppressed on the ground that Sunday is the Sabbath, it makes use of logic which cannot well be assailed from the " orthodox" standpoint. " We recall," says the Journal, " that a few weeks ago the Rev. Lyman Abbott defended democracy while attacking the theory that government exists by consent of the governed. He said that government by the majority of all was right not because of the implied consent of the minority, but because the majority of the people were more likely to act in accordance with divine law than an individual, as in a monarchy, or a class, as in an oligarchy, would be. Now a majority of the people in New York read a Sunday paper. HenceŠbut we  will leave the logical conclusion to the clergy." A majority of those professing the Christian religion sanction the first day of the week as the Christian Sabbath; and in the absence of any divine sanction for the same, this fact is advanced as convincing proof that Sunday is indeed the true Sabbath. The logic of the Journal in support of the Sunday newspaper is " orthodox, and must be accepted by all who appeal to popular custom in support of the first-day sabbath. WE would never have thought of crediting the following to Dr. Wayland Hoyt, yet it is quoted as from his pen by the Golden Rule of December 10:Š The old prophecy says that holiness to the Lord is to be written on the bells of the horses. The nine-teenth century fulfillment of the prophecy is the em-blazoning of railroad trains with devotion to Jesus Christ. The allusion is to the train-loads of Chris-tian Endeavorers going to their conventions, each wearing a badge which proclaims him or her to be a Christian. History records that the " Christian" Emperor Constantine fulfilled this same.prophecyŠas he assertedŠby taking some nails from the true crossŠgenuine of courseŠand having them made into bits for guiding the horse which he rode on State occasions. And there is as good ground for believing that Constantine ful-filled the prophecy, as for believing that it can be fulfilled at all by outward show. The quotation shows how even the best minds become " flighty" when filled with the intoxicating idea of " Christian citizenship." A PROMINENT clergyman of New York City, Rev. Madison C. Peters, says that the remedy for non-attendance of church mem-bers at the house of worship on Sunday, is to make the Sunday sermon more interestng than the Sunday newspaper. Certainly; this is the only legitimate way, though it may not be the easiest_ way for the preachers. The effort made by the latter to suppress the Sunday newspaper is a virtual confession that they are unable to compete with it in producing that which will interest the people. It is just as true now as it ever was, however, that the power of the word of God is infinitely greater than any power that can be exercised by the Sunday newspaper or any other means that is of earth. If preachers would only stop trying to compete with the Sunday paper in the line of that which the latter contains and on the plane where it stands, and turn to the simple preaching of the divine Word, their work would be attended by "the power of God unto salvation to everyone that be-lieveth," and the world might again see with wonder three thousand people converted by one sermon, instead of one person converted by three thousand sermons. EVANGELIST D. L. MOODY said, recently, in answer to a query from the New York Journal, that the publication of Sunday newspapers is a violation of the divine com-mandment to keep holy the Sabbath day. If Mr. Moody had only quoted the text which forbids newspaper publishing or other work on the first day of the week, his reply would have been of intense interest to the whole religious world. But for some reason he omitted to do this,Šperhaps because he believes in following a precedent established by other popular preachers. So the public are left to take Mr. Moody's word for it, 