411 iii1111110I'I  :00,0Proginzi,  li 51 111111iii Equal and exact justice to all meg, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jeferson. VOLUME NEW YORK, APRIL 3, 1890. NUMBER 14. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE 'PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORE. EDITORS, E. j. W&KIONER, ALONZO T. JONES. AT a meeting of the school teachers of :Douglas County,, Kansas, lately, there was '‚` an animated debate " upon the following f question :Š In the provision made in the Constitutioi, for the ;separation of Church and State, does the word Church mean or include Christianity ? This seems to imply- that the Constitu-tion which they had in mind makes use of 'the word Church; but neither the United States.Constitution nor the Constitution of; Kansas uses the word in any such con-mection . But whatever the teachers meant iit was finally :,concluded by them that "' the word Church does not mean or include Christianity." We should like those teachers to tell us what Chris-tianity is, or amounts to in this world, -without the. Church ,of :Christ. There :may be a church without Christianity, but it is impossible to have Christianity without a church. Those teachers need 'to be taught before they discuss such a question again. THE Christian Nation wants a " Protest-;ant university" at Washington, and what is more, it wants the Government to build it, or at least contribute liberally toward the enterprise. In its issue of March 19 that paper says:Š Since the Catholics made a successful venture in founding a University at Washington, various proj-ects fora great national university under Protestant auspices have been suggested and discussed. Every one seems ready to admit that the national capital is an ideal strategic point for the location of such an institution, and every one is in favor of it. But it requires something more than good wishes to endow a university, and while Uncle Sam has millions of surplus stored away in his great money vaults; it is not an easy matter to get their doors opened by those who have the power to do so, namely our legislators. " Straws," it is said, " show which way the wind blows," and this item shows just as plainly the direction which the National Reform mind is taking. It would require only the adoption of the Blair Educational amendment to make a "Protestant univer-sity" at Washington, endowed with Uncle Sam's surplus millions a possibility. But desirable as a great university may be at the national capital, we hope never to see a dollar of Government money appropriated either to a Protestant university or to a Catholic university. The revenues of the country are for quite another purpose than that of endowing denominational institu-tions of learning, whether Protestant or Papal. The Government should know no Protestants and no Catholics, but only citizens. The Temporal Against the Spiritual. THE Blair Educational bill is dead, and we are glad ; yet its spirit, intensified, still survives in his proposed amendment to the Constitution. And as the principles and the object which it was designed to further are embodied in the joint resolu-tion to amend the Constitution, the discus-sion of the question is still of living im-portance. But even though the principles were not still pending in another measure, the fact that a bill to such an intent should pass the Senate three times and fail to pass the fourth time by so close a vote as thirty-seven to thirty-one, adds a twofold weight to justify further discussion of it, because this shows that the principles are indorsed in high places, and that they have a place in the public estimation. The facts given last week prove that the object of the bill was to open the way for the national power to abolish all denominational schools, and to take total control of all the children of the Nation in religious as well as in the common branches of knowledge. In his speech Mr. Blair enunciated doc-trines that are entirely subversive of every form of recognition of any power higher than that of the national Government. For convenience we again quote, as follows,  his statement branding as "Jesuits" the opponents of his educational measure :Š The Jesuits who have undertaken the overthrow of the public-school system of this country are al-ready far advanced in their work. And I desire to say that by "Jesuits" I do not mean simply and alone those who may belong to that order, but I refer to them and to those who sympathize with them in their views of public education, and of the proper system for the use of the children of the people at large. I am aware that some who belong in what are known as Protestant denominations share in the belief that the denominational school is the right school, the better school for the education of the rising generation, and to them all, to this aggregate, I have applied this term which I think is a proper one. There are a great many people in the United States who believe in denomina-tional schools who are not Jesuits, nor even Roman Catholics, nor are they in any way in sympathy with the Roman Catholic opposition to the public-school system. They have not a word to say against the public schools, but they do say that the public school cannot give instruc-tion in religion at all, much less can it give instruction in the religion which they be-lieve. And believing with all their hearts the religion which they profess, it is more precious to them than life, and they' must teach it to their children. And that it may be taught to their children in a way to do them the most good, they establish denominational schools and support them themselves, and at the same time cheer-fully pay their taxes for the support of the public schools. We say that these people have a right to maintain these schools as they please. We say further that the Ro-man Catholics have the right to establish and maintain parochial schools, in which distinctive Roman Catholic doctrines shall be taught, to the satisfaction of Roman Catholic people. They have the right to do this without any interference whatever on the part of the Government. As long as that is the religion that they believe, and they pay for the teaching of it, it is nobody's business but their own; and when the State undertakes to interfere with it, it is going out of its place, and in- 