730 AMERICAN SENTINEL. hoisting over them the German flag. The harbor is said to be as desirable a one as could have been selected on the Chinese coast for permanent occupation. ' Or course this act, which in itself amounts to a vir-tual declaration of war, is alhright in this case; for is it not a maxim of the "Christian" nations of Europe that "might makes right" ? Had it been a powerful govern-ment with which Germany had thus been brought to deal, it is entirely safe to say that her " satisfaction " would not have been taken in this peculiar way. As governments view things, the exchange of the lives of two missionaries for a valuable harbor on an important part of the Pacific coast of Asia, is a very profitable bargain indeed. Thomas Jefferson on the Liquor Traffic. As is pointed out by the New York Voice, the plat-form of the party which in the late campaign in this city called itself the champion of the principles of Jeffersonian democracy, differed in one im portant feature at least from the platform of principles upon which Jefferson stood. It advocated the repeal of laws restricting the traffic in strong drink, in the name of personal liberty. Jefferson's views upon the point of the necessity of steps to suppress this terrible blight upon society and the image of God in humanity, are expressed in a letter written in 1823 to his friend Gen. Samuel Smith. In this, after speaking of the tax on whisky, and saying that if it were to be viewed simply as a fiscal measure, he would be glad to see it fail, Jefferson proceeds to show that con-siderations of another and more important nature must be taken into account. He says:Š "But the prostration of body and minc0which the cheapness of this liquor is spreading through:the mass of our citizens, now calls the attention of the legislator on a very different principle. One of his important duties is as guardian of those who from causes susceptible of pre-cise definition cannot take care of themselves. Such are infants, maniacs, gamblers, drunkards. The last, as much as the maniac, requires restrictive measures to save him from the fatal infatuation under which he is destroy-ing his health, his morals, his family, and his usefulness to society. One powerful obstacle to his ruinous self-in-dulgence would be a price beyond his competence. As a sanitary measure, therefore, it becomes one of duty in the public guardians." 11- Ł -4 -4 THE accuracy of the modern newspaper report is pretty well illustrated by the remarkable (newspaper) career of that well-known leader of Islam, Osman Digna. The New York Tribune has reckoned up the incidents of this career, as told by the newspapers, and finds that he was killed in battle ninety-seven times and murdered forty-eight times, that he committed suicide eleven times,  and has been otherwise put off the earth twenty-three times; making a total of 179 fatalities for this one indi vidual. This is probably a few more than have befallen any other individual who has had the misfortune to be-come a central figure in modern newspaper journalism. Pr is reported that the Christian Endeavor society will next month send in a monster petition of a million and a half of names to Congress, calling for the recogni-tion of God in the Constitution. Have our Christian En-deavor friends taken pains thoughtfully to consider the real nature of the thing which they will thus so forcibly ask the government to do? A Conversation on Mormonism. THE 'Morristown (Tenn.) Gazette, of October 6, prints the following report of an interview between two Mormon elders who were visiting that place on a missionary tour, and a lady at whose house they had applied for entertain-ment. The conversation naturally touched upon some of the fallacies underlying the Mormon system:Š "Two Mormon elders were visitors in Morristown for several days last week, and harangued small crowds at night upon the streets. During their sojourn, among other families, they called upon a most estimable and Christian lady and asked to be entertained for the night. The entertainment they received is made public by the lady hostess in this report ofŠ A CONVERSATION BETWEEN TWO MORMON ELDERS AND A SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTIST. "MORMON ELDERS.Š`Good afternoon, madam.' ``SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTIST.Š`Good afternoon. Will you walk in? Take seats.' "(We will call the taller No. 1, and the shorter one No. 2.) "M. E., No. 1.Š'We are ministers of the gospelŠMor-mon elders. I presume you have heard something of the Mormon Church?' "S. D. A.ŠIndeed I have. I have lived in this world over half a century, and it seems to me that I have heard of them all my life. I know much of them from reading;  and I had a brother-in-law who went "sight-seeing" and took in Salt Lake City. I learned much from him. That was about twenty years ago, when Brigham Young, your prophet, flourished with twenty wives. I have the picture of the twentieth one on the wall of my chamber now, who went lecturing the world over againt the horrors of the life she had been induced to lead.' "M. E., No. 1.Š`That was Ann Eliza. We do not practice polygamy now.' "S. D A.Š`No, for the United States has enacted laws forbidding it. It is not a reformation of the church.' "M. E., No. have been raised in Salt Lake City and I never knew but eight men to have a multiplicity of wives.' "S. D. A.Š`And that was eight too many. Quite enough to show that the church recognizes it as lawful in the sight of God, for which you certainly have no scripture.' "M. E., No. 2.Š'What does the Scripture say about 