.453 _A_IV1101Etl[C.ANT SUINTTIN-11.A. VoL. 9, No. 45. Enforcement of Sunday Laws in Switz- erland. BY W. H. MCKEE, BASEL, SWITZERLAND. (Conclusion.) Again, if Sunday were a purely secular day, Sun-day work would not disturb. Honest labor does not disturb a man who is not influenced by religious prejudices. It cannot be the noise in our publishing house that disturbs the people. On the Schiitzenmatte in front of the building there is ten times as much noise. August 12, the day for which we were fined, there was in front of our house drilling of soldiers, playing football, beating of drums, and shooting,Ša noise and din that could be heard a mile, while our working could scarcely be heard on the street by passers by. The noise on the common was made by those learning the art' of war,Šthe best way to kill their fellow-men; while our work was printing the gospel, for the salvation of men. Shall our work be punished and the other allowed on the same day and in the same place ? This is but another illustration of the.injustice brought in by Sunday laws. The in-justice of our punishment will still further appear when we consider that the amount of work which we do is very little in comparison with what is done by the railways, tramways, shops, hotels, barbers, res-taurants, saloons, etc. The saloons and restaurants are allowed to work for the stomach's sake, shall we not be allowed to work for conscience' sake ? If the legislators have regard for the stomach, why not re-gard the conscience of people ? Is the stomach more sacred than the conscience ? 9. It is also argued that if we were allowed to choose our day of rest, others would do the same and thus all days of the week might be chosen. But there is not the least probability that such would be done; there is no history to warrant such a conclusion. In all the history of so-called Christian nations we find but two rest days,ŠSabbath (Saturday) and Sunday: and there is no probability that any other day will ever be chosen as a rest day. As Sunday is the day generally observed by both religious and non-religious, it is by far the most convenient to observe this day with the majority, no one would be out of joint with the social and religious world and undergo all the inconvenience that this would subject him to without being led by strong religious convictions. France has a law securing the laborers a weekly rest day. The religious people wanted Sunday specified as the rest day ; but the law-makers refused their request, know-ing that fixing the day would interfere with individ-ual rights and lead to religious persecution. Although the people in France are left free to choose their rest day, no confusion results. Again, the Turks have Friday; yet in Turkey, Seventh-day Adventists work on Friday and keep Saturday, and other Christians keep Sunday. Shall Switzerland be less tolerant with its citizens than Turkey ? The Turks would have the same right to require the observance of Friday as the Swiss have to compel the laying aside of work on Sunday. In exercising our right to keep God's law we would not bring disorder into the State. If every citizen should keep the ten commandments, there would be the most perfect order, and the police would have nothing to do. Thus our religion does not make us enemies of the State, but its truest friends. 10. As Christians we repreEient the gospel of Jesus Christ, A chief feature of the gospel is individual liberty. Christ died for every man, for the express purpose of saving him; and although he paid the infinite price, he obliges no one to accept salvation, but leaves all perfectly free to choose. Men can be religious or irreligious, and God lets his sun shine on all. To compel men in matters of religion is papal, antichristian; and we regard it as a part of our reli-gious duty to be true representatives of the gospel on this point. Sunday laws do enforce upon us a reli-gious day, and thus maintain the spirit of the papacy ; and to submit to such laws is the same to us as sub-mitting to the principles of the papacy, instead of truly representing the gospel. Sunday laws interfere with the rights of conscience, and hence are against the gospel, as is evident from their enforcement on Seventh-day Adventists ; this is also shown by the plain declarations of Sunday-law zealots themselves, as the following proves : " But there are many who are impressible, such we desire to help, and as for the rest we consider ourselves as the public conscience."ŠSwiss Sunday Friend, p. 498. 11. It is also stated that Sunday laws cannot be religious because the State is without profession of religion. If that be so, why have we a State church, Good Friday, Easter, Ascension Day, Prayer and Fast Day, Christmas, etc.? And why does the State dis-criminate between religious bodies ? Why does it enforce the day religiously observed by one class of religionists and not those of another ? And if the State is not influenced by. religious prejudices, why does it make laws which tend to uphold the Sunday of. one sect and suppress the Sabbath of another ? To  the Jews Christ is a false prophet, yet they are forced to observe his birthday. 12. The question before us is not an individual one ; it concerns our publishing house in Basel, it concerns our thirteen churches in Basel, Bienne, Chaux-de-fonds, Neuchatel, Lausanne, Geneva, Zu-rich, Schaffhausen, St. Gallen, etc.,Šand it concerns our people and the friends of religious liberty in all the world. Our denomination rests on two pillars,Šthe commandments of God and the faith of Jesus. To undertake to hinder their keeping the ten com-mandments would be the same as to undertake to annihilate the denomination. This denomination, with thirty-six conferences in Europe, Africa, America, and Australia, has six pub-lishing houses in different parts of the world, the one at Basel being the smallest,--still here is a capital investment of nearly half a million francs. These publishing houses sell annually over three million francs"worth of denominational literature, in twenty-five languages. They publish twenty-two journals and magazines. In consequence of keeping the command-ments these people have attained a high reputation for industry and honesty. If some of their members in Basel are spoiled of their goods, and imprisoned because they keep the ten commandments, this fact will be published in all the world, and Switzerland's good name for liberty will suffer, and this land of the free will be placed in the catalogue with Russia. From either a religious or civil standpoint, no gov ernment can justify itself in +he eyes of the world for making laws that oppress, and lead to the persecution of people for keeping the ten commandment,' just as God gave them. It is in this sense that we oppose the Sunday law. To summarize,Šin consideration, therefore: 1. That, It is my religious duty to rest the seventh day and work the remaining six days of the week ; and that by so doing I do not invade the natural rights of my fellow-citizens, and 2. That, To lay aside my secular work on Sunday is to accept a rival institution to God's Sabbath, and 3. That, As a weekly rest day is assured to all employes in our publishing house we meet the object of Article 14 of the factory law, and 4. That, The enforcement of Sunday laws on Seventh-day Adventists is a violation of Article 49 of the Federal Constitution, and 5. That, By refusing to lay aside our regular secular work on Sunday we do not resist God's order in civil government, and 6. That, The enforcement of Sunday laws on Seventh-day Adventists imposes an unjust tax of 16% per cent. on them for the freedom of conscience, and 7. That, Sunday laws are religious, and oppressive to all that do not accept Sunday, and 8. That, It is the duty of the State to protect the individual in his natural rights, and 9. That, There is no likelihood of civil confusion from more days than Saturday and Sunday being chosen as rest days, if all are left free to choose, and 10. That, We cannot truly represent the gospel while submitting to Sunday laws, and 11. That, The decision of the police court of Basel under consideration concerns not only myself, but directly all employed in our publishing house, and indirectly a whole denomination, and 12. That, To enforce Sunday laws would oppress, imprison, and banish an honest, temperate, industri-ous people, to the everlasting disgrace of free Switzer-land,Š I appeal from the decision of the police court of Basel, rendered Aug. 16, 1894, requesting to be freed from the fines imposed and all legal expenses, and further, asking indemnity for 665 francs, the loss occasioned me by the seizure and sale of my goods to satisfy former fines for Sunday werk. Respectfully submitted, HENRY P. HOWER. This appeal was denied, unanimously. It is not in the province of the Swiss Supreme Court to decide as to the consti-tutionality or unconstitutionality of a federal law, to which class the factory law belongs; such questions come solely within the jurisdiction of the Federal Council. The matter will be brought be-fore the Federal Council at its next session for an interpretation of the law,Šseveral members have already said that the case, and the questions brought up by the ap-peal, will be given consideration and at-tention if presented to that body. In the meantime the Basel police are inquiring with persistency and regularity at the publishing house for Mr. Holser, who, besides his duties as manager of the house, has a large circuit of churches under his pastoral care, and is now on his regular rounds among them, having taken  the opportunity to be present himself at the hearing of his case before the Supreme Court while on one of these pastoral trips. And now the question is WILL SWITZERLAND IMPRISON ELDER HOLSER ? At the hearing of the appealed case of Elder Holser, of Basel, before the Federal Tribunal,Šthe Swiss court of last resort, Šthe appeal was denied, as before stated, and the penalty of fine and imprisonment, for Sunday labor in the publishing house underh is charge, affixed by the Basel court, left in full force. The factory law, under which Elder Holser was arrested and convicted, is a federal law, and it appears that the Fed-eral Tribunal has no power to construe a federal law, or to decide upon its constitu-tionality or unconstitutionality. That rests alone with the body that made the law,Šthe Federal Council. Therefore the result which has been had was a foregone conclusion from the first, there being really no judicial body having authority to revise the decision of the Basel police court on the important questions involved in this case; and really nobody with authority to open the case at all after its decision by the police court, short of the Federal Council which made the law under which the action was brought. Then, however, a wrong which had been done, as in this case, could not be righted. The only thing possible now is for the Federal Council to interpret or repeal the defective law that no one else may suffer injustice from it. Clearly, therefore, in cases brought before it involving the constitu-tionality of federal laws,Šnot only those in reference to Sunday labor in factories, but all federal laws,Šthe police court is actually the court of last resort. Nevertheless the matter was given some attention by the federal judges. The sym-pathies of several of the judges were evi-dently with the appellant. At least one plainly saw the injustice worked by the law and had it been possible would gladly have put himself on record on the side of justice. His voice was heard on the side of right, though he could do no more. There was a full bench and all, except the president of the court, expressed their opinions and views on the subject, briefly. Judge Blaesi, of Solothurn, to whom the case had been referred, presented the matter before the court, reading some extracts from the text of the appeal, and giving a synopsis of the remainder. He said that Elder Holser was not convicted because lie was an Adventist, but because he had transgressed the Sunday law. A previous case, decided last summer, had made a precedent, and according to that case, the court must refuse to hear the appeal. The fact that there is a federal Sunday law shows that Sunday laws are permissible under the Swiss Constitution, and so not contrary to its provisions. A clause in the very Article 49, which Mr. Holser claimed the Sunday law violated, could be used to condemn him, for it was there declared that "religious belief could not free any one from the performance of civil duties." (This clause was quoted in the appeal, and it was there shown that the observance of a religious rest day was not a civil duty. But of that point th e judge made no mention.) The judge then moved that the decision of the Basel police court be sustained. Judge Cornaz, of Neuchatel, said that it could not be denied that the Sunday 