302 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. NATIONAL Religious Liberty Association. Lecture Bureau of the National Re-ligious Liberty Association. THE Lecture Bureau of the National Religious Liberty Association is compoSed of competent lec-turers in various parts of the United States, and any one desiring lectures upon the subject of re-ligious liberty and the relation of Church and State, may secure a lecturer by corresponding with Allen Moon, the Secretary of the Bureau, 28 Collego Place, Chicago, Illinois. Press Comments on Sunday Closing of the Columbian Exposition. THE following is a brief list of extracts from newspapers all over the United States, on the sub-ject of Sunday closing of the World's Fair. Most of them were evidently called out by the recent decision of the Lady Managers of the Fair, by a vote of fifty-six to thirty-six, to use their influence to secure the closing of its gates on Sundays:Š Louisville Times : The Board of Lady Managers say the World's Fair should be closed on Sunday, thus indorsing the Rev. Mr. Patton's unfeeling re-mark that if the laboring poor had no other day to devote to the Fair, so much the worse for them. Fortunately, in this one instance, the ladies will not have the last word. Lawrence Journal: The Board of Lady Mana-gers of the World's Fair have decided, as far as they may decide, that the Fair shall be closed Sun-days. The American Sunday is safe in the hands of the women. St. Joseph Herald : The day of fanaticism is past, and the people are fast tiring of allowing a set of old women to prescribe their moral pabulum. If the Fair is too wicked to be opon on Sundays it is too wicked to be open on Saturdays, and if the Puritans are to be consulted the Hebrews and Ad-ventists will want to be heard next. New York World: Bigotry and crankism have combined in an effort to cripple its educational ca-pacity by securing the closing of its gates on the only day of the week when the great multitude of workingmen and their families have leisure to visit it. This effort should be met now with a protest that will defeat it. If the Fair is not to be open Sunday it will lose half its value and half its inter-est to enlightened minds. Kansas City Star: Col. Elliott F. Shepard de-clares that if the World's Fair is kept open Sunday the Lord will send a curse upon Chicago, and he is determined that the prophecy shall be fulfilled, even if he is compelled to remove to that city. Washington Post : Perhaps the World's Fair managers will agree to close the show Sunday, if Col. Shepard will agree to remain closed the other six days of the week. Terre Haute Express : The workingmen of Chi-cago and near-by cities can see the great exhibition Sunday without entailing the double cost of the admission and loss of wages that would be the case on a week day. Knoxville Journal: The Journal believes that every reading-room, every library, every museum, every art gallery, every institution which teaches right and civilization, the world over, ought to be open Sundays, the only day when the honest and industrious poor can attend and gather a breath of the inspiration of such institutions. The world would be better for it. Portland Oregonian : There will doubtless be churches enough open in Chicago to accomodate those who pefer to attend them on the Sabbath, and the ministers, ushers, and janitors will do the nec-essary work in them, so that those who attend can enjoy themselves. There are others who would prefer to attend the Fair on that day, who cannot well afford to go on any other, and they should have the privilege of doing so. New York Sun : If the question as to the Sun-day opening of the Fair were put to popular vote, undoubtedly it would be decided in the affirmative in a very emphatic way. If the gates are opened on Sunday more visitors will enter than on any other day of the week. Kansas City Journal : More harm would be done by closing it than by keeping it open. If it is open there will be a place for the crowds to go, that will keep them out of mischief, and crowds without the restraint of home to keep them steady, generally  find worse places than the Fair in which to spend Sunday. San Francisco Examiner : It is only proper that the World's Fair managers should give respectful attention to the appeals of the many excellent peo-ple who have asked them to close the Fair Sundays, but it is to be hoped that the resolution pledging the National Commission to take up and consider the question as soon as it shall properly come before it, does not imply anything more. Sunday closing would probably deprive at least a million people of the privilegeŠto which, as taxpayers they have a rightŠof visiting the Fair. Springfield Journal: It is a queer fact that the Chicago saloonkeepers join hands with the Sabbath Union people in desiring that the World's Fair shall be closed Sunday. The Chicago saloons are open Sunday as well as the churches, and the saloon-keepers realize that the man who is attending the Fair will not toss any coin on his bar. Religion, self-interest, and politics are something alike, in that they make strange bed-fellows. Baltimore American : From the recent action of the World's Fair Commissioners on certain phases of the Sunday question, it is quite certain that the ultimate decision will be that the Exposition shall be opened on Sunday, but that the machinery shall be stoppedŠthe idea being to allow the people the opportunity of sight seeing and at the same time to get rid of actual work on that day as much as pos-sible. This will be a compromise, and, like all compromises, it will probably be attacked by the advocates of both sides of the controversy. New Orleans Times-Democrat: The people who do not live in Chicago, and on whom the success of the Exposition mainly depends, have also some rights in the matter, and it would be well for them to speak out on the subject. They do not propose to visit Chicago during the Exposition for the pur-pose of going to church there Sunday, but to the Exposition; and they will naturally be disgusted if they are shut out. The Exposition is given for the benefit of the whole world, whatever its religious belief, and not for the very small group of Sabba-tarians who insist that everybody else should be incommoded because they do not care to go to the World's Fair Sunday. Detroit Free Press : It is well for the great Ex-position and for the people of Chicago who wish to visit it that the decision of the Lady Managers is not final in the matter of Sunday closing. " The horrid men " have still something to say on the subject, and their decision is likely to be less senti-mental and more practical than that of the ladies. The " Sabbath " will not be desecrated by opening the Fair on Sunday. But the great Exposition would find its usefelness greatly impaired if it were not opened the day of all others upon which the poor people will find it most convenient to visit the Fair. The last writer but one has fallen into the error of calling those who insist on Sunday closing, "Sabbatarians." While Sabbatarians do insist that they shall be unmolested in their right to rest on the day of their choice, and to attend the Fair on any other day they please, they likewise insist that everybody else shall also be left free to enjoy the same privilege. That is exactly what THE SENTI- NEL, contends for. F. W. HOWE. Ann Arbor, Michigan. Must Keep Sunday. A CORRESPONDENT leas just sent us the following from Du Quoin, Illinois, in regard to the Law and Order League in that place:Š Brief mention was made in last night's News about the organization here by a large number of our best citizens for the purpose of suppressing all desecrations of the Sabbath within the corporate limits of this city. Investigation has developed the fact that the organization is being perfected and is ready for action now. Able counsel has been re-tained, and the society proposes to prosecute, with vigor, all violations of our ordinances, regarding the Sabbath day in Du Quoin. And where the laws are violated near to the city limits, the vio-lators will be prosecuted under the laws of this State. Baseball, picnics, ratifications, etc., can-not be held with impunity in Du Quoin upon Sun-day, without having to answer before our courts for it on Monday morning. Each and every case will be prosecuted without fear or favor. The mat-ter is not only generally being talked about, but very warmly .and seriously considered openly and above board. Our correspondent also informs us that the mayor stopped the playing of baseball inside the  corporation of Du Quoin, but granted a special permit to the Germans to hold a picnic on Sunday in the same park where they had been playing baseball. The Sunday-law advocates have sworn vengeance on him for allowing such a thing to be done. It may be that the Law and Order League has only,the "civil Sabbath" in view, but it is a little difficult to understand just how a " civil Sab-bath " could be desecrated. In order for anything to be desecrated, it must first be consecrated; and we have not yet learned that the State or any incor-porated town has power to consecrate a Sabbath and punish for non-observance of a man-made in-stitution. Such a procedure is not in harmony with the institutions of a free Republic like ours, and the danger to freedom concealed in such a movement should be made apparent to all lovers of liberty. It will be noticed that they propose to " prose-cute with vigor, all violations of our ordinance, regarding the Sabbath-day in Du Quoin." The ordinance referred to, reads as follows:Š No person shall on Sunday keep open or permit to be kept open, his or her place of business, or shall pursue his or her daily labor or occupation within the city ; provided, this section shall not be applicable to persons who conscientiously observe some other day of the week as Sabbath ; nor in cases of necessity or charity; nor to hotels, eating houses, drug -stores, butcher shops, tobacco stores, livery stables or street cars. Any person violating any of the provisions of this section shall be sub-ject to a fine of not less than five dollars and not more than one hundred dollars. It will be noticed that tobacco stores are among the things allowed to remain open on Sunday. Thus their ordinance would fine a man for doing honorable labor on Sunday, and yet would allow another to keep a tobacco store open, dignifying the sale of the " filthy weed " with a place above honest toiL 0. A. TAIT. Remarkable Statistics. Tun Boston Traveler, in its issue of September 10, referring to the recent effort made by Colonel Shepard and his associates to influence the Com-missioners of the World's Fair to close its gates on Sunday, presents the most overwhelming (1) argu-ment in favor of such a closing that we have seen yet. The Traveler says:Š The Christian churches of the United States, with their communicants, families, and affiliations are said to number over fifty-five millions. That is to say, if we get the idea correctly, all whose names are on the various church books, in-cluding the wolves in sheep's clothing, the back-slidden professor, the business man who has joined the most popular church for business and social inter-ests, all the babies in the Catholic Church that have arrived at the age of a few short weeks and have been christened, etc., would amount to, say, twenty millions. Then the "affiliations," such as all the uncles, aunts, cousins, on to the tenth generation, friends and acquaintances of church members and of those who are in the families of church mem-bers, would make up the rest of the " fifty-five millions." It is not intended to be rash, but in the light of facts what else could the 2 raveler mean ? Certainly a great literary center like the " Hub " would not be without some statistical reports, and the Traveler would not want it understood that actual statistics show fifty-five millions of church members. The Saviour said, "Fear not little flock," and " Narrow is the way that leadeth unto life and few there be that find it," and " broad is the way that leadeth to destruction and many there be that go in thereat." Has this order been reversed? No, by no means. It is as true to-day as when the Master first uttered it. And to show that it will be so till the end of time, we need only quote his words, " Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth ?" There is plenty of show and parade in matters of religion, but the genuine article that will lead men to love their neighbor as themseves is not so manifest. 