332 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. History Repeats Itself. The following appeared in a recent issue of the Washington Post: "Cuban ScandalsŠHoneycombed with fraudŠFur-4 ther Disclosures of Rottenness in the Cuban Postal SystemŠPostmaster Thompson, of Habana, Under Detention, and as Wholesale Arrests are Impend-ing, a Fort will be Prepared for Prisoners. "Habana, May 14, 1900. "The extent of the postal frauds is far greater than what was originally expected. Besides taking in the postal department, the frauds seem to include the local office at Habana and various other offices throughout the island, and also to have extended to outside points which have been used for the sale of some of the old issue of stamps that were ordered destroyed. "Messrs. Reeves and Reynolds, the auditors of the postal department, are still under arrest at their own rooms, in charge of detectives. Special quarters, will, however, be prepared in some fort, where all the pris-oners connected with the frauds will be taken as soon as arrested. "To-day's arrests and the suspension of Mr.Thomp-son did not take place until after dark, and conse-quently these new features of the case are not generally known throughout the city this evening ; but there is a perceptible excitement at the post-office, where no one knows who may be the next to be singled out. "Every additional revelation increases -the amaze-ment of the Americans here. The Cubans seem to be immensely pleased. They declare that the Americans can no longer boast in Cuba of their superior honesty when in Government employ." In the light of history, there is nothing surprising about such governmental corruption as is here de-scribed. It is the legitimate fruit of the system of government which disconnects the power of office from responsibility to the people governed, leaving the gov-erning officials answerable only to an authority in a foreign land whose people feel little interest in the affairs of a distant province. As was said by a speaker in Congress, "It has been the history of the world from the days of the Roman empire to the present hour. Where men have been sent abroad to main-tain military occupation and to govern a subject people, they have been robbers, and American citizens have proven in the case of Cuba to be no exception to that rule." We do not present this statement of official cor-ruption in Cuba because of any importance it has in itself, but because of its bearing upon the great ques-tion of the extent to which history will repeat itself in the United States. In sending governors to rule over foreign provinces this republic has followed the ex- ample of ancient Rome. In corruptly administering the affairs of their office the American governors have followed the example of the Roman governors. How much further will the history of the Roman republic  be repeated in the course of the American republic? Will it be repeated to the end of the republic and the setting up of empire and despotism upon its ruins, as was the case with Rome ? This is a question of tre-mendous importance to American citizens of to-day, and no one can afford to set it aside as one unrelated to his own personal interests. Governmental Interference With Religion. Touching the proposed interference of the general government with the spread of Mormonism, the New York Christian Advocate has this to say : "As a religion Mormonism cannot command the assent of thoughtful, intelligent persons. It may draw uneducated people within its circle, and they may be-come shrewd and able within that sphere, and be in-volved with its property and social influences, and their children may be intelligent and capable of looking over the moral and intellectual fences which have been built around them ; but in the open field of discussiOn and in free association with the public, Mormonism can make no real progress. But whither is our logic leading us? Is not this country the birthplace of mod-ern Spiritualism and Christian science, and the har-vest field of anti-medicine faith-healing? Who knows what may happen? Do not the clairvoyants and for-tune tellers thrive here, and nowhere more than in Boston and New York ? Is not this the paradise of quacks of all sorts, . . . to say nothing of all sorts of political delusions and other mental and moral epidemics? But federal interference, never, un-less people violate the law. Federal interference and state interference with the practice of polygamy, yes. But neither federal or state interference with Mormon-ism as a religion, for that would simply mean a possible interference, federal or state, with Protestantism where Catholicism is in the majority, or Catholicism where Protestantism is in the majority, or any branch of either. It is 'pleading the baby act' for any religion in this country to ask for federal interference in its own behalf or against another. Let the Christian church know the danger and use Christian means of counter-acting it, and all will be well. Let them send as many missionaries, and better support those they have ; let pastors and laymen scour the unchurched communi-ties, and no such ungodly mixture of the carnal and the spiritual as Mormonism can long flourish." Only an infallible authority can safely define moral-ity, and any power which cannot be trusted to define morality, cannot be trusted to foster it. No individual has any right to force his ideas of morality upon another person ; and as no individual has this right, no number of individuals can, have it ; and as no number of individuals can have it, it cannot belong to the state. 