THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, 205 governmental action is concerned, what the Supreme Court says the Constitution means that is what it means. Such, then, being the officially declared meaning of the Constitution as it now is, what more could be done even by an amendment containing these very statements, when it would still remain for the same Court to declare its meaning ? This decision, therefore, is actually stronger, if anything, than an amendment would be in itself. Consequently, if we would be justified in saying to the people that such an amendment would be the making of the image to the Papacy, how much more are we justified in lifting up the voice and saying to all the people that this is the making of an image to the Papacy, that that image is now made, and that this decision opens the way for the fulfillment in completest meaning, of all that prophecy announces and warns against. Now do not misunderstand. I do not say that the image is living and speaking and acting. I only say that in principle it is made. There yet remains that life shall be given to it, that it shall speak and act. The World's Fair and Sunday. THE question propounded in THE AMER-ICAN SENTINEL, "Have the Directors of the Columbian Exhibition been delegated any power by the American people to reg-ulate the religious observances of the World's Fair Exhibitors in 1893 ? " must be answered in the negative. The assump-tion by any .body of men, no matter how respectable in number and daily walk to speak for the people, and to urge by re-peated clamor that they represent the wishes of the people on the subject, is the only basis for the belief that the Directors of the Exposition have been instructed on the qaestion. The people speak through certain desig-nated and prescribed methods, and their agents in the shape of legislative bodies speaking for the people, are, themselves, restricted in power and may lawfully bind the people only within the scope of the powers delegated to them. Ł Among those powers there are none delegated which authorize the appropria-tion of public funds placing restrictions on their expenditure which will deny to any class of citizens equal beneficial results with every other class; and it is contained in that that the majority of the people have no right to instruct the Directors of the Exposition to close the gates on any day of the week, whether the day be Sun-day, which is the day observed for relig-ious purposes by Christians, and is not scriptural, or Saturday which is the day observed by the Hebrews and is the Sab-bath and scriptural. To close the gates on Saturday would deny the right to the Jew to visit the Ex-position on that day; a right he is entitled to enjoy in common with other citizens and because of his citizenship, and the Jews are a small minority of the people. Yet if the Scripture is to be followed and the Sabbath respected, the gates should be closed on that day, if on any day. The question of numbers can not justify injus-tice; and the insistence that the majority of religionists in this country observe Sunday and therefore the gates should be closed on that day, is simply the claim of right because of might. But the majority of the people of these  United States, the majority which is pay-ing the expenses of the Fair, conceding that it does observe Sunday for religious worship does not observe it to the extent of denial of amusements, innocent in themselves, giving no scandal and work-ing no injury; much less when the amuse-ment brings with it instruction and there-fore elevation of mind together with health of body. " We the people" is an expression too often the outcome of a feeling which should be written, " We want to be the people, and who, if we were the people, would compel all men to do as we think, not as their liberty of action permits." We, the people, spoke at Omaha demanding the gates of the Expo-sition be closed on Sunday; and, We, the people, spoke at Philadelphia through the Executive Board, of the Knights of Labor, demanding the gates of the Exposition be kept open on Sunday. We, the Omaha people, claim to represent one-sixth of the population of these United States. But it will not be denied that, at the very least, We, the Philadelphia people, who toil and labor and work six days in the week in fields, and farms, and shops, and mines, and at the desk, and at the case, represent another one-sixth of the population. The people have not instructed the Directors to close the Fair on Sunday, nor have they delegated that power to any-body, or bodies of men. The people who pay for the Fair have the right to visit the Fair when their con-venience or their pleasure moves them.ŠKentucky Journal. Democratic vs. Republican Religion. THAT exemplar of the perfection of po-litical religion, the Mail and Express, true to its political instincts had no criti-cism of the members of the Republican Convention, when, in session at Minne-apolis, they occupied Sunday in election-eering for the great and good Presbyterian candidate; but now the capacities of the English language are scarcely sufficient to furnish invective to heap upon the Demo-cratic Convention and its delegates at Chicago because Democratic politics were not laid aside on Sunday. THE SENTINEL is not partisan in politics, and so wears no party spectacles to blind it to the ap-parent fact that, according to the creed of the Mail and Express, Republican politics are religious and Democratic poli-tics are irreligious. This is another evi-dence that when the Mail and Express has said, as it frequently has, that " reli-gion is politics," that it was always to be understood as intending to say that re-ligion is Republican politics; and so Re-publican politics being the Christian religion and the American Sunday being the exponent of that religion, which to the Mail and Express is but another name for Republicanism, it naturally para-phases in its own mind that biblical ex-pression as to the Sabbath being made for man, and, applying it to the political Sun-day, reads that Sunday was made for the Republican Party and not the Republican Party for Sunday, and it being, thus, quite clearly Republican in character, the Democratic Party has no right or title in it and to it, and any use of the republican Sunday for democratic purposes would be desecration. The organ of political religion opens its description of Sunday at Chicago during the Democratic Convention with the scare head, " A Riotous Day ! How Democrats - desecrated the Sabbath- in Chicago;" and continues :Š The Sabbath day was one wild hurrah. . . . The desecration began early. . . . It was a day of utter abandonment and in perfect keeping with Democratic methods. . . . No more disgraceful desecration of the Sabbath was ever witnessed in Chicago. . . . Every delegate drank yesterday, and the bar room doors were wide open. The extra and regular police on duty in the hotel made no secret of taking a drink whenever they wanted it, and once in the afternoon the roundsman mar-shaled his squad of men in the Auditorium lobby and marched them in a body into the bar, and de-manded free drinks for them allŠand they got them, too. One policeman, after drinking one large glass of beer, wanted a second, and because the bartender did not give it to him at once, threatened to make a riot. After getting their beer the policemen took cigars, lighted them and returned to their posts puffing their cigars. And this is Sunday in Chi-cago. DEMOCRATIC SABBATH DESECRATION. Drunken men lie everywhere, and the mob and drunks are heard everywhere. I saw a number of men, too drunk to move, lying in the gutters along Michigan avenue. At one time it looked as if there would be a big fight near the Wigwam be-tween a crowd of men who were trying to force a a dead-drunk Democrat into a cab and another crowd who were trying to get him out. Finally the cab drove off and the " terrible example " fell into the gutter and remained there while the two factions fought out the case with their tongues. A RIOTOUS NIGHT. At night the Palmer House was again the center of attraction for the crowd, and added to the thou-sands of Convention yellers came the Chicago people. Men and women swarmed into the place, and the latter brought their children and even their babies. In that great crowd these babies in arms were pushed and hauled about, crying because their parents were out for a Sunday racket. . . . REBEL.  AIRS FITLY CLOSE A DESECRATED DAY. Just before midnight the Calumet Club, of Bal-timore, came in with their band, and march-ing down Congress street, played " Maryland, My Maryland." On reaching the Auditorium the Baltimore boys serenaded the Tigers with " Dixie," and playing the old rebel tune, marched on to their hotel, thus fitly closing for the Democratic party a most dis-gusting Sabbath of desecration. If thus early, in the campaign upon which it has entered to show that politics is religion, the Mail and Express finds it necessary to use such descriptive language and broad characterization as this, what is likely to be the style of future canvas-ses in religious politics, when both the editorial and reportorial corps shall have become fully indoctrinated with the theo-ries they are expected to support, and in sympathy with that form of religion, and en rapport with that style of political feel-ing and expression ? The policy which the Mail and Express is marking out for itself is certainly remarkable. W. II. M. "A Warning for the Fair." COMMENTING upon the wild debauchery which marked Chicago on the Sunday preceding the Democratic Convention, when the city was full of politicians who had not taken the temperance pledge, the World says :Š Last Sunday in Chicago was, according to all accounts, not an ideal Sabbatarian Sunday. Sunday in Chicago does not ordinarily meet the Sabbata-rian ideal. The theatres are open and perform-ances are given as on week days ; concert gardens flourish, the saloon business is lucrative, and no one who yearns for a " little game " need be dis-appointed on account of the day. This is the ordinary Sunday of Chicago when the city has only its regular population and its normal accession of visitors. With the unusual number of strangers brought there by the convention, and in the absence of sufficient opportunities of inno-cent and reputable amusements, the day was, ac-cording to reports, largely occupied by a vast and unsavory orgy. We call attention to this unpleasant subject be- 