N1E CA N SENTINEL. 355 character. There is a patriotism of race as well as of country, and the Anglo-American is as little likely to be indifferent to the one as to the other. Family quarrels there have been heretofore and doubtless will be again; and the two peoples, at the safe distance which the broad Atlantic interposes, take with each other liberties of speech which only the fondest and dearest relatives in-dulge in. Nevertheless, that they would be found stand-ing together against any alien foe by whom either was menaced with destruction or irreparable calamity, it is not permissible to doubt. Nothing less could be expected of the close community between them in origin, speech, thought, literature, institutions, ideals." Lyman Abbott, editor of The Outlook, published in the North American Revit lv, an article on "The Basis of an Anglo American Alliance," in which he says:Š "The time has therefore passed when the United States can say, 'We are sufficient unto ourselves, we will go our way; the rest of the world may go its way.' The ques tion is not, 'Shall we avoid entangling alliances?' We are entangled with all the nations of the globe: by com-merce, by manufactures, by race and religious affiliations, by popular .and political sympathies. The question for us to determine is not whether we shall live and work in Ł fellowship with European nations, but whether we shall choose our fellowship with wise judgment and definite purpose or whether we shall allow ourselves to drift into such fellowships as political accident or the changing in-cidents of human history may direct. . . . "It is for this reason I urge the establishment of a good understanding between the United States and Eng-land, in the hope that in time it will grow to a more Tor-mal allianceŠcivic, commercial, and industrial, rather than naval or militaryŠand yet an alliance that will make us, for the purposes of our international life, one people, though not politically one nation. . . . "It is true that in a sense the United States is neither a Christian nor an Anglo-Saxon nation. It is not offi-cially Christian, if thereby is meant a nation which gives political or financial advantage to one religion over an-other. It is not Anglo-Saxon, if thereby is meant a na-tion which sets itself to confer political poa er upon one race over another. But though it is officially neither Christian nor Anglo-Saxon, it is practically both. Its ethical standards are not those of Mohammedanism or Confucianism, but those of Christianity. Its ruling force in the country, educational, political, and on the whole commercial, is not Celtic, nor Slavic, nor Semitic, nor African, nor Mongolian, but Anglo-Saxon. Thus in its religious spirit, though not altogether in its religious in-stitutions, in its practical leadership, though not in the constituent elements of its population, and in its national history and the genesis of its political institutions, the United States is of kin to Great Britain. The two repre_ sent the same essential political idealsŠthey are both democratic; they both represent the same ethical ideals Šthey are Christian; and they both represent the same race leadershipŠthey are Anglo Saxon. . . . "It [an Anglo-American Alliance] would create a new confederation based on principles and ideas, not on tra-dition, and bounded by the possibilities of human devel-opment, not by geographical lines. It would give a new significance to the motto E Pluribus Unum, and would create a new United States of the World, of which the United States of America would be a component part.  Who can measure the advantage to liberty, to democ-racy, to popular rights and popular intelligence, to hu-man progress, to a free and practical Christianity, which such an alliance would bring with it? Invincible against enemies, illimitable in influence, at once inspiring and re-straining each other, these two nations, embodying the energy, the enterprise, and the conscience of the Anglo-Saxon race, would by the mere fact of their cooperation produce a result in human history which would surpass all that present imagination can conceive or present hope anticipate." In an interview a member of President McKinley's cabinet is reported as follows:Š "Under a broad and liberal territorial government, established by the United States the people of the Philip-pine Islands will eventually be raised up to a condition of enlightenment and civilization that will make them able to establish a firm government. "It is time that the people of this American Republic. began to realize the greatness of their mission among the nations of the world. They must broaden their horizon, enlarge their views. Some people in their shortsighted-ness say that we cannot hold the Philippines without in-terfering with our established Monroe doctrine. So much the worse for the Monroe doctrine. Others say that we cannot hold outlying territory under the Constitution. We amended the Constitution at the close of the last war this country was engaged in. Why cannot we amend it again? "An amendment to the effect that the United StatesŁ may extend a protectorate over the islands of the sea (without assuring them a state government) for the pur-pose of affording the inhabitants thereof a good govern-ment, security to life and property, freedom of religion, etc., till they are able to set up a stable government of their own, would be agreed to by the people of this coun-try if it were ever submitted to them. "At the close of this war with Spain the United States will hold a very different position among the nations from that which it occupied previously. Our destiny is to extend the sphere of Republican government. Our Government will have an opportunity to show whether or not it appreciates the importance of that mission. "These great questions have been brought to the front very suddenly. But I have no doubt that the American people will use their opportunity wisely and well." In individual life when a person has great influence,. he always lessens it by trying to exert it. It is admira-ble to have great influence for right principles. But it is possible for a person to become proud of his influence and be ambitious to make it felt. Such pride and ambition,. however, is just as subtle and dangerous as is any other sort. And all this is true of nations, which are but collec-tions of individuals. Right influence is most powerfully exerted, whether by individuals or nations, always in quietness ano hu-mility. "Cromwell, I charge thee, Put away ambition. By that sin fell the angels." A. T. 1_ "PRIDE goeth before a fall." 