-"tihRompoi,, 4/zio oak  6  .08  21r 17b THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 22. NEW YORK, JUNE 2, 1892. NomE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will` be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE House of Representatives, in Com-mittee of the whole, has passed an amend-ment to the bill appropriating money for the Government exhibit at the World's Fair, conditioning the appropriation on Sunday closing of the Fair by a vote of 107 to 51. _0_ THE following from the Christian Statesman, of April 16, shows about how much the editor of that paper believes the theory he, in working up sentiment for Sunday laws, tries to get other people to believe, that physical rest one day in seven is a law of nature, and necessary alike to man and beast. He says :Š On the Sabbath the same lecturer, by the use of some private team, can arouse two or three ad-joining towns. This editor reminds us of the man who declared that he proposed to have peace if he had to fight for it. He intends to com-pel everybody to keep Sunday if he has to disregard the day himself, drive horses at a break-neck speed on that day, and ex-plode every one of his fine-spun theories to do it. Š0Š  THE Western Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, so-called, at its meeting in Pittsburg, March 29, adopted a resolution strongly commending the Commercial Gazette of that city for not issuing a Sunday edition. Referring to this fact the Christian Nation says :Š The Pittsburg papers which issue an edition on Sabbath have shown that in so far as the prepara-tion of the paper is concerned, the Gazette does far more work on the Sabbath than the Sunday papers do. Reporters and correspondents are busy the whole day long in obtaining political and other kinds of news for the Monday issue. Work is be-gun in the office at noon on Sabbath. While all this is not so bad as the carrying, selling, and read-ing of the papers on Sabbath, we fail to see why a Sabbath Reform Association should pass a resolu-tion indorsing such a paper. It gives the oth journals a good chance to raise the cry of " hypoc-risy." The Nation has put this very mildly. The facts not only give " other journals a good chance to raise the cry of hypoc-racy," but they actually prove hypocrisy. AT the annual convention of the Protes-tant Episcopal Diocese of Long Island, May 18, held in St. Paul's Cathedral, Garden City, L. I., a special committee on Sun-day observance handed in its report.  After it was read lay delegate James B. Cooper, of Babylon, who is Justice of the Peace in that town, took the floor. He said he did not believe in the church sanctioning any measures to suppress the violation of the Sunday laws in Long Island City and other towns in Queens County. Justice Cooper said further that the people who flock to Long Island towns on Sundays were principally working people, and that was the only day they had for recreation. Ł They probably drank poor whisky and worse beer, he said, but they were cer-tainly no worse than the rich people who went off on their yachts on Sunday and drank champagne at ten dollars a bottle. No action was taken in regard to local Sunday observance, but a resolution pre-sented at the request of Bishop Whit-taker, of Pennsylvania, requesting the officials in charge of the Chicago Exposi-tion to close the place Sunday was adopted without discussion. Š0Š A DISPATCH in the Chicago Tribune of the 13th ult., is headed, "Can Saturday be Sunday ?" The thing is of course quite impossible, but not so with that which gave rise to the question. The facts are briefly stated as follows in the dispatch :Š VALPARAISO, Ind., May 12.ŠThe status of the Jewish Sabbath under the law of Indiana is to be determined in the courts. Charles Pitzele, a busi-ness man of Whiting, Lake County, refused to affix his signature to an assessment blank Saturday, the recognized Sabbath in Hebrew church circles, and will carry the matter into litigation to establish the legality of the Jewish holy day. It is probable that all that Mr. Pitzele wishes to establish is his right to keep the seventh day unmolested by assessors and their civil officers. In this he is clearly right. Every man ought to be left per-fectly free to keep any day or no day just as he elects. This he is not free to do if on one hand he is required by the law to perform certain acts on his sacred day, that he can not conscientiously do ; nor on the other hand, if he is compelled to keep a day whether he wishes to or not. No day ought to have any legal standing above another, but the rights of every in-dividual ought to be sacred, and no man ought to be required to do on any day that he holds sacred to devotion, any act or business that can be performed on some other day. THE Catholic Review, of May 28, has the following note :Š Our Methodist friends never cease to cry out that the Catholic Church is trying to influence politics in this country, and that is wrong, very wrong, so they say, for it to do. But it seems to be all right for them to put the pressure of their organization on the course of public affairs. Their General Con-ference protested against the Chinese exclusion bill, resolved that the education of the children in the public schools must be free from religion, applauded the motion that the denominations engaged in work among the Indians of the West should receive no money from the Government, etc., etc. Of course, if the Catholic Council were to do these things, it would be "meddling in politics," but the Methodist  Conference can do them without objection or of-fense. Why should our neighbors have different rules of right and wrongŠone for themselves and one for us ? The charge made by the Review is true; but that fact does not make the evil any the less, but just so much greater. Formerly the Catholic Church had a monopoly of political wire-pulling, now nearly all the so-called Protestant denominations are tak-ing a hand in that sort of work; but it is no better when done by Protestants than by Catholics. And the mischief of it all is that it is done not in defense of God-given rights, but for the sake of obtaining or holding "a sort of factitious advan-tage" over their neighbors of other faiths. The evil is not only a gigantic one, but it is growing. Š0Š THE Toledo, Ohio, American is respon-sible for this paragraph :Š One of Abraham Lincoln's strongest and truest utterances was that this country could "not exist half free and half slave." This aphorism can be applied at the present day and to a different con-dition of circumstances, with the same force and truth. This country can not exist and hold its place among the nations of earth with half its peo-ple free to follow the dictates of their own con-sciences, and the other half under the domination of the Romish priesthood, whether the head of the church is the Pope at Rome, or his representatives on this side of the Atlantic. This is worthy of a place alongside the paragraphs which we quoted from Our Country last week. Are not Roman Cath-olics just as free to follow the dictates of their consciences as are other people ? These are terribly mistaken, it is true, but that is their business. There is no Pos-sible way of remedying the evil except by doing missionary work among that de-luded people. The priest has the same rights under the law that Protestant min-isters have. It is right that they should have. The State is not set for the protec-tion of its citizens against false doctrines. Š0Š A MEMBER of the Methodist Conference at Omaha, is reported by the New York Christian Advocate as saying; "The heart of this Nation is Christian. The Ameri-can heart is a Christian heart." To be Christian is to be Christlike, or like Christ. Therefore to say that one has a Christian heart is to say that he is like Christ, or, ,in other words, that he is a Christian, and that, not in any accommo-dated sense, but in deed and in truth. Does anybody believe this is true of this Nation ? THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A. WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of less than 100 copies, per year, each, - - 90e. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75e. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 45 33c2nd Street, pew York City, 