AMERICAN SENTINEL. 495 Read Next Week's Paper. In addition to other articles of importance and interest, next week's paper will contain an article comparing the Sunday Laws of the Southern States with the National Constitution and those of the Various States. SINGLE COPIES 2 CENTS. $I.00 'PER HUNDRED. Address, AM   IHMICA_N SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Books That Parents Need. Every parent with young children should have the instruction which these little books contain. e Ł Ł Ł ŁŁŁŁŁŁ,....., Łos Heralds of the Morning, OR ALMOST A MAN. A frank talk to a boy who was "almost a man," and the good it did him. As it is in story form, every boy will read it, and be the better for it, as was the boy in the story. It is intended to help mothers and teachers in the delicate task of teaching the lad concerning himself, purely, yet with scien-tific accuracy. Price, postpaid, - - 25c. ALMOST A WOMAN - Every mother should prepare her daughter for the changes that accompany development into wo-manhood. Many mothers do not know how best to give this instruction; they neglect this duty and invalidism for the daughter is too often the result. "Almost a Woman " gives this necessary in-struction, in the form of a mother's talk with her daughter. Price, postpaid, - 25c. CHILD CONFIDENCE REWARDED. A little booklet which demonstrates the practical value of teaching to children the truth regarding the origin of life. Price, postpaid, - 10c. One of many testimonials:Š Your booklets are a blessing to mothers, young children, and developing boys and girls, and my heart goes up in heartfelt gratitude for them. My boy, fourteen, said after reading " Almost a Man," "Mama, I feel better after reading that book; my thoughts are higher."ŠNellie P. Witham Olympia, Wash. The meaning of the Social and Political Ques-tions of to-day, and the significance of Phenomena in Nature. ..og og og It deals not only with the money question, but with the rapid development of the military spirit, the wonderful inven-tions of recent years, the blindness of so-called justice, the curse of immorality, terrible storms, and a variety of other topics. (I Book of Thrilling Interest, and up to date in every respect.Š More than a hundred attractive illustrations, of which the following are a few from one.chap-ter:Š Battle of Manila Bay, May 1,-1898. Blowing up of the Maine. Battle of Santiago, July 3, 1898. (Showing chase of Spanish fleet.) The British Navy-30 miles in length. Battle Ship Iowa. eg g dt NEARLY 300 PAGED. Price, Postpaid, Cloth, Plain Edges, - $1.25. " Gilt 1.50. Hi 11 cu if? it? SCIi ui Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING co., 39 Bond Street, New York City. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. ŁŠcielitAReecs-sevix-iviEsCe****18 