-a)5,M0,0054.1  216 THE AMERICAN 'SENTINEL. voL. 6, No. 27. NEW YORK, JULY 9, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Merced, California, Express says that a petition is being circulated among the Merced merchants to secure the clos-ing of stores on Sunday, and ventures the opinion, that " one day out of the seven should be observed as a day of worship or recreation according to the dictates of a person's own conscience, and Sunday should be the day." No law should be made compelling any religious observance. THE Sun of this city, notes the fact that " the experience of every successive Sun-day in the Metropolitan Museum of Art, since it was opened to the public on Sun-days, has been entirely satisfactory. It has justified the hopes of those who advo-cated the Sunday opening, and dispelled the apprehensions of those who deprecated it. The demeanor of the crowds of vis-itors every Sunday has been as perfect as could be desired, and it has been evident that they found both enjoyment and in-struction in the Museum. Its doors will doubtless be kept open every day of the week hereafter." T HE Wine and Spirit Gazette, of April 25, published an editorial on " Our Sun-day Laws and Catholic Priests," in which it was stated that " it is the people in our large cities and not the liquor dealers who want the liquor stores kept open on Sun-day. If a canvass was made to-morrow among the liquor dealers of New York, fully three-fourths of their number would vote to abide by the existing laws, pro-vided all dealers do the same, and are made to obey the law." It follows that stranger things have happened than ;that the liquor interests of the country should array themselves upon the side of Sunday laws. A SUNDAY bill is again before the Parliament of Canada. " It has," says a correspondent of the Observer, " attracted much attention, and will no doubt in due time provoke considerable discussion." The bill forbids all labor except the most necessary ; sales, recreations, drinking of intoxicants, brawling or profane language on public streets or in the open air; shoot-ing, fishing, firing of firearms; printing, publication or delivery of newspapers or other literature. It also aims at the sup- pression of all railway traffic, except that of mail and milk trains, and certain spe-cials in case of serious illness. The bill provides also that At such time as the laws of the United States shall make corresponding provision, no through freight in transit from one point on the frontier of the United States to some other point on the said frontier shall be allowed Ł to pass over Canadian roads on the Lord's day, except live stock and perishable goods. The bill is said to have " the strong sympathy of the Protestant churches of Canada." THE courts of Ohio have decided that Sunday baseball playing is illegal; "and now comes a singular state of affairs," says the Christian at Work. "The base-ball umpire decides that a game of base-ball consists of nine innings, and that eight innings cannot constitute a game. A report comes from the West that the courts have not been able to upset this queer decision, and that the eight-innings game on Sunday goes on. Eight innings are quite satisfactory for a Sunday diver-sion, and as it is one inning short of being a violation of the law, the baseball frater: nity are' willing to put up with it until they can get the Sunday law repealed." THE Catholic Review makes the death of a poor woman a few days- ago in this city, through the heartlessness of State charity officials, the occasion to attack State charity. It says :Š State charity is not only a failure, it is an abom ination. Whatever the erratic may think of the union of Church and State in other matters, in this it is imperative that both should work in har-mony, the State supplying the funds, and Chris-tianity supplying true vocations for nursing the sick, and caring for the helpless. Humanitarian humbugs have long ago demonstrated that while they can write books on charity, they cannot run. an  hospital on any other than a money-making basis. . State charity is indeed cold, and is sel-dom honestly administered, but only evil could possibly result from a union of Church and State even in this matter. State funds could only corrupt the Church even if they were charity funds. THE Toronto Synod of the Anglican Church, in session at Toronto, June 13, passed some resolutions in regard to the observance' of Sunday in that city. In speaking to these resolutions " the Rev. Professor Clark," so says the Toronto Mail, of June 13, " took occasion to refer to the term ' anti-Sabbatarian,' as was applied by some people towards clergymen who favored the submitting to the people generally the question of Sunday cars. He himself had been referred to as an ' anti-Sabbatarian,' but he would remind his hearers that in the New Testament there was nothing to the effect that the Sabbath shduld be.kept on Sunday and not on Sat-urday. The idea of keeping the Sabbath as at present arose from an early Chris-tian custom. For his own part he would allow no one to dictate to him as to the manner in which he should keep the Sab- bath. Even in the matter of Sunday street cars, for the workingmen no man should be allowed to dictate to others. lie would not say that cities that had street cars were very heathenish and less Christian than ' this most self-complacent and self-satisfied city of Toronto." THE Pope, it is stated, has requested several competent men to furnish him with detailed memoranda for an encyclical letter which he proposes issuing in favor of a reunion of the Eastern and Western churches. The Vatican has been under the belief that European diplomacy would favor the maintenance of the status quo, and therefore gave every opposition to the desired rapprochement. The Pope in-tends to give instructions to the repre-sentatives of the Latin church in the East to modify their attitude towards the rival church, and to strictly avoid any actions of an inimical nature, in order-that a more friendly spirit may be gener-ated between the two churches. THE new Congress of Brazil has failed to pass laws putting into effect the new Constitution, and so that instrument has been shorn of its effectiveness. The new Constitution provides for the complete separation of Church and State, yet the Administration has just refused to admit that ecclesiastical property is subject to the common law. It takes the position that the pre-existing body of laws was not annulled, ipso facto, by the adoption of the Constitution, and that until they are specifically repealed and others enacted in their places, they must remain in force. Popular opinion, however, is :wholly to the contrary, and it is a matter of much public complaint and indignation that the Executive is not putting the Constitution in force. ANOTHER number of that excellent, se-ries of booksŠthe " Young People's Li-brary "Šhas been issued. It is entitled, " John of Wycliffe," and is one of the best of the series. The story of that em-inent Reformer is told in- that direct and interesting manner so natural to the au-thor, Mrs. Emma H. Adams. It is an excellent book. Price in cloth embossed in jet and gold, 60 cents; in paper, 25 cents. Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal., and 43 Bond St., New York City. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Ott 43 Bond Street, New Tea. 