386 ANILLAIICAN VOL. 9, No. 49. of incense on the altar of the gods, in order to save their lives, as unreasonable and unpardonable obstinacy. Cotton Mather and the Puritan defenders of the cruel imprisonment and barbarous whip-ping of Elder Holmes, the Baptist minis-ter, in replying to the criticisms of their Puritan brethren in England, answered that Elder Holmes was not " compelled" by conscience to "come into this juris-diction " and take " upon him to baptize." But it is objected that all the reform-ers of old were forbidden to preach or practice their faith, while Seventh-day Adventists are not prohibited by Sunday laws from doing either. But they are so forbidden, and there is a principle of con-science involved. The following conversation between an editor of the SENTINEL and a Sunday law champion will aid in making this mani-fest :Š Ques. ŠWhen you labor on Saturday, the seventh day, don't you, by that labor, preach to the world that you do not be-lieve that Saturday, the seventh day, is the Sabbath ? Ans.ŠI do. Ques.ŠOught not Seventh-day Advent-ists to have the right, then, in a free country,.in a land which boasts of grant-ing equal religious liberty to all men,Šought they not to have the right to labor on Sunday, the first day of the week, and by that labor preach to the world that Sunday, the first day of the week, is not the Sabbath ? Ans.ŠNo. The same questions were asked the sec-retary of the Pennsylvania Sabbath (Sun-day) Association, at its recent meeting in Williamsport. To the first question the secretary answered in the affirmative; but in the midst of the second question, he said, " Stop ! I see the point you are making. No; Seventh-day Advent-ists do not have the right to work on the first day of the week, and teach thereby that it is not the Sabbath. We can't per-mit you people to desecrate the Sabbath [Sunday],and set a bad example before our chilren. We are in the majority, and the minority must submit." This is the situation frankly stated. " Actions speak louder than words," and in obeying the command of God to rest the seventh day, and following their usual vocations on the "six working days" (which includes Sunday, the first day), Seventh-day Ad-ventists are preaching that the seventh day is the Sabbath, and that the first day is not, so loudly that their ene-mies, who have no divine command for Sunday observance, undertake to stop their preaching by the State church-man's old weapon, civil law. Yea, verily, this Sunday law crusade against Seventh-day Adventists is as certainly an attempt to stop their preaching as was the enforcement of the law which, imprisoned John Bunyan an attempt to stop his preaching. And now, if there is any con-scientious principle involved in a law for-bidding preaching, then there is a con-scientious principle involved in the law compelling Seventh-day Adventists to rest on the first day, a day which their ene-mies proclaim to be the Sabbath by rest-ing upon it. To eliminate the conscientious element from the Sunday law dispute, an effort is made by a large class to show that Sun-day laws are purely secular enactments, and have nothing to do with religion. No phase of the Sunday law controversy  is so manifestly weak, erroneous and wicked, as this. Even Judge Hammond, of the United States Circuit Court, felt called upon, in the King case, though de-ciding against the defendant, to rebuke this plea by applying to it the term " dis-ingenuous; ', and we heartily agree with-his honor in applying this term, which, being interpreted by Webster, means that the claim that Sunday laws are not reli-gious laws, is " wanting in noble candor or frankness," " uncandid," "mean." Nothing can be more clearly demonstrated than that Sunday laws are religious. Sunday laws originated in a union of Church and State; they are clothed in reli-gious terms, and are perpetuated by the religious element. On this point Mr. Crafts, the Sunday law champion of the United States, says: " During nearly all our American history, the churches have influenced the States to make and improve Sabbath [Sunday] laws." The Sunday laws of the United States are descendants from the Sunday law of Charles II. of England. This fact is ac-knowledged by their advocates. And no one will deny that the Sunday law of Charles II. is religious, because it hon-estly states that its object is to secure the "keeping holy the Lord's day" " and repairing to the church thereon,"and the exercise of the " duties of piet and true religion, publicly and privately." The Sunday law of Maryland, under which two Seventh-day Adventists are now im-prisoned in the county jail at Centreville, is nearly as honest in avowing its reli-gious character as is its ancestor the Sunday law of Charles II. ; for the section under which they are imprisoned is entitled, " Sabbath-breaking," and three times uses the religious term, " Lord's day." It also punishes persons who "profane the Lord's day." Webster defines " profane " as " to violate anything sacred." Thus the Sun-day law of Maryland, like its antecedent the law of Charles II., attempts to compel men to keep sacred or holy the Lord's day on the first day of the week, when God commands men to keep holy the Lord's day on the seventh day of the week. He says, "Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord." The seventh day is therefore the Lord's day, and must be kept sacred on that day and not on " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." And now, we ask again, is there not a question of conscience involved, when the law attempts to make Seventh-day Ad-ventists keep sacred the Lord's day" on a day which is not the Lord's day, but one of what the Lord himself calls the " six working days." At this point an attempt is made by judges and prosecuting attorneys, and by Sunday-law apologists in general, to parry the force of this argument, by asserting that while the law does compel the Sev-enth-day Adventist to recognize the sa-credness of the " Lord's day, commonly called Sunday," it does not forbid him to hallow the day he regards as the Lord's day, the seventh day, commonly called Saturday. And so long as he is left free to observe the day of his choice, there is no infringement upon his rights of con-science when he is compelled to observe the " Lord's day" of the majority. The decree of Nebuchadnezzar, calling upon Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, to fall down and worship the golden image on the day of its dedication, did not  prohibit these three Hebrews from wor-shiping. Jehovah on the seventh day, the day dedicated to his worship, and yet they refused'Łto bow down, and the "Judge of all the earth " sanctioned their refusal and rewarded their " anarchy " with a marvel-ous deliverance from the fiery furnace. But it is here objected that the cases are not parallel, because the golden image stood as the sign of an apostate and idol-atrous worship, which was a rival of the worship of the true God, who had given explicit command against worshiping idols. This point will be treated in our next. "Compel Them to Respect our Reli-gious Prejudices." REV. H. BEER, an Episcopal minister, of Redwood, Minn., makes a vigorous pro-test in the Redwood Gazette against Sun-day work, in the following arrogant lan-guage:Š Ma. EDITOR:ŠWill you kindly give me space in your valuable paper to call attention to the fact that the mechanics were working on the jail on Sunday last. If these people have not decency enough to have some regard for our religious sentiment, then it will become our duty to compel them to respect our reli-gious prejudices. We have a right to be considered as well as they. We do not want any work done in our town on the Lord's day, and since the jail is our own building, we consider we have something to say in the matter. We remind the offenders that there is a State law against work on the first day of the week, so if they have lost all respect for the law of God, we can compel them to pay respect to the law of the land ; though we confess we should be very reluctant to do so. While we are writing, it may not be amiss to state, for the benefit of those who haul hay, wood, etc., on Sunday, and those who engage in ball play and such sports on that day, that they render themselves liable to a fine of from one to ten dollars. Of couse the jail builders will have the usual clap-trap excuse, that they are trying to rush the building so as to have it inclosed before winter, but we can put them on a better way of rushing it, than by working on Sunday. Let the contractor employ a half dozen of those unemployed men who are said to be looking for work, let him work them for all they are worth on the six days, and then there will be no need to break the law of God and man, and insult the religious sen-timents of our community by desecrating the Lord's day. It would be quite a joke on them if they rushed the building by working on Sunday, and got it finished just in time for their own accommodation. H. BEER. Besides calling 'attention to the over-bearing, dictatorial tone of this letter, we wish to ask the writer how men " break the law of God " by working on Sunday, the first day of the week ? The law of God says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God, in it thou shalt not do any work." Having shown that Mr. Beer is in con-flict with the law of God, it is now proper to show that he is also in conflict with the creed of his own church. Here is the position of his church as printed in the catechism:Š Is there any command in the New Testament to change the day of weekly rest from Saturday to Sun-day ? None. What, then, does this universal custom in the church seem to show ? It shows that the change of day was one of those " things pertaining to the kingdom of God " (like in-fant baptism, confirmation, liturgic worship, etc.), concerning which Christ gave " commandment" to his apostles after he rose from the dead. Acts 1: 2, 3. * And here is another statement of the case from a standard Protestant Episcopal work which will show that labor on the first day of the week does not violate the * " Manual of Christian Doctrine," p.127; published by James Pott & Co., 12 Astor Place, N. Y. 