,4,0 VOGT Ale  Tiez THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 127 rorzkiriolv.A.L. Rciluious Libertll fiSSOGidti011 'KEEP Tit -,tcrt me TM. croCh poRevERSEPAliAlf44.5PR DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as s Curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our f Row-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YOILI( CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 23 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., 'OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. R. C. PORTER  A. F. BALLENGER THE Christian Statesman has discovered that Wyoming has a Sunday law. This leaves only Idaho and California without such statutes. THE Des Moines, Iowa, Conference of the Evan-gelical Church, at its session just closed, passed a strong resolution against opening the World's Fair on Sunday. -Ł-ŁŁŁ-Ł THE Mail and Express remarks that "all the States will undoubtedly sooner or later direct that their exhibits at the World's Fair be closed on Sun-day in obedience to the Christian and law-abiding sentiment of the country. BAKERS' Union No. 90 has reported to the New York Federation of Labor that the bakers in one of Dennett's coffee and cake saloons were compelled to attend prayers or pay fifty cents fine for each omis-sion. Such things as this are but a natural out-growth of the fast growing determination to enforce religious observance. ŁŁŁ THE Idaho World says : " The preachers of Idaho have formed a combination and will circulate their petitions asking that the World's Fair be closed on Sundays." The World adds: "No true American citizen who has any conception of what kind of a link for a proposed long and strong chain he will be helping to forge by signing it, will put his name to such an un-American and unpatriotic request." THE pertinacity with which the advocates of enforced Sunday closing of tlre Exposition mean to continue their efforts is shown by this from the Christian Statesman: " It would not be too late even if Congress or the Commission should decide adversely, for the decision might be reversed. It would not be too late even if the Fair had begun with Sunday opening, for a sufficent protest would close the gates." There will be no truce offered by these people, and by and by no quarter given. SAM SMALL has been expressing himself, in Chicago, on the Sunday-closing of the World's Fair. He threatens it with bankruptcy if it opens on Sunday. He also said : " In 1888 the Repub-lican Party, in its first convention in Chicago, placed in the first paragraph of its platform a recog-nition of Almighty God, by thanking him for what he had done for the country in general, and for the  Republican Party in particular, and the 5,000,000 of people who voted that ticket voted for that clause as well as the rest. Submit the question whether or no this is a Christian people to a general vote and it will carry by an immense and overwhelming majority. At the Paris Exposition America, Eng-land, and Canada had their exhibits closed on Sunday, and had marines stationed to enforce the national respect to God's law." What can be expected from one who holds as su-perficial a view of religious life and truth as this? LONG ISLAND CITY has opened its baseball season with a police raid on the players who had gathered to the number of several hundred, Sunday April 11, in the vacant lots between Astoria and Hunter's Point. Sunday baseball is to receive special atten-tion from the authorities of Long Island City this summer. It will soon be found throughout the whole country that zealous police attention to Sunday desecration is an easy way to gain approba-tion and conceal the lack of enforcement of legiti-mate law. Ł ŁŁ THE Directors of the World's Fair have been memorialized on the Sunday-closing question by the International Federation for the Observance of Sunday. The documentbegins :Š To the Directors of the World's Exposition at Chicago: Mr. President and Gentlemen : Permit us, Con-tinental Europeans, to address you in the name of the Association which we represent and their numerous adherents, in favor of closing, on Sunday, the great Exposition which you are preparing for next year. The memorial is quite long and takes the remark-able religious ground that enforced freedom from labor on Sunday is religious liberty. THE Christian Statesman thus welcomes an as-sistant in the advocacy of religion. " Do our sub-scribers think it square dealing for the former editor of the Christian Statesman, after signing a promise not to issue a rival paper, to bring one out, of almost the same name, in the same place, through his son ? One of our mailing lists, a most valuable part of our property, was not turned over to us, being" among the missing" when the transfer was made. If our subscribers are generally getting samples of the above or any other paper we ought to be so informed. The new paper is not author-ized by the National Reform Association." The management of the Christian Statesman seems to find it true, that uneasy lies the head that wears the editorial quill behind its ear. AT the Methodist Conference recently held at Chillicothe the following was passed regarding the World's Fair:Š Should said Exposition be opened on the Sabbath day, contrary to the solemn protest of the Chris-tian citizens of this country, we pledge each other that we will not attend said Exposition on any day of the week, and will induce our people to follow our example in this regard. That is to say if we can't have things our own way, we will resort to boycott. We wonder if Christ ever used any such methods in his work while upon earth ? If not, then, is the boycott a method that it is proper for Christians to use ? Of course it is the privilege of any one to stay away from the Fair, but why should Christians resolve so much about it ? Why not depend on winning the world to Christ, relying upon his power for aid, and let the United States run its Fair to suit itself ? AN additional $50,000 has been appropriated for the American Museum of Natural History on condition that it be open to the public Sunday afternoons and two evenings each week. The Mail and Express thus bewails this action:Š " The condition requiring the Museum to be kept open on Sunday afternoons is pernicious in ten-dency and the offspring of an unwise and unsound  public policy. The Sabbath of Continentel Europe, with its fetes, its theaters and operas, its parades and concerts, its public galleries and varied place's of general entertainment, is a very different day from the Sabbath contemplated and preserved under American institutions. Here it is a day of consecrated rest and worship. There it is a day devoted to frivolity and hilarity, to say nothing of the baser forms of vice which its customs generate and foster. Any step which tends to change the sacred character of the day with us is a step in the wrong direction. This condition of the additional `appropriation does this very thing; it tends to secularize the Christian Sabbath, and it is to be deplored that it has received legislative sanction. It would have been practicable to get the appropri-ation without this wretched selling of Sunday. Has it got to this, that Christian institutions will be obliterated for money ?" -.. As a sequel to the hearings before the World's Fair committees, in the House and Senate, on the Sunday-closing of the Chicago Exposition, some account of which is given in another column, there appeared among the church notices of the Wash-ington Evening Star an advertisement of the pres-ence of Rev. Dr. Herrick Johnson, of Chicago, in . the city, and that he would preach in two different churches on the following Sunday. The notice continued, "Dr. Johnson visits Washington by the request of the American Sabbath Union, to urge the importance of united effort for the sanctity of the Sabbath, especially in view of its threatened desecration at the Columbian Exposition." Ł-ŁŁ-Ł  THE story will be remembered of the careful father who flogged his son severely for profanity, but the son afterwards proved that he had actually said nothing at all, whereupon the father assured him that it didn't make any difference for he thought damn anyway and he ought to be whipped for that. This has found its parallel in the decision of a Washington Judge, as reported in the Post, Washington, D. C:Š You haven't any right, even in conversation, to repeat profanity. It is just as much an offense against your Maker and the law as if you originated the oath, said Judge Kimball yesterday in passing sentence upon William Lyddane. Mr. Lyddane endeavored to excuse himself for using certain words of profane nature on the ground that he was engaged in a religious discussion and had simply quoted them. He was fined $5. Beyond this it is not more than half a step to that paternal oversight which would discern the thoughts and intents of the heart. Ł Ł A CORRESPONDENT in Vermont sends us the fol-lowing:Š Rev. Mr. Bates, pastor of the Congregationalist church at Randolph, Vermont, after preaching a a sermon on the " Sabbath question," April 3, 1892, made the following remarks in substance:Š " I have spoken upon this subject because I have been requested to, as also have the other ministers of our denomination throughout the land. The object of bringing up the subject is to put before the people the importance of. a day of rest, and the need of our exerting our influence in favor of closing the World's Fair on Sunday. I am in-clined to think that this is a needless precaution, as I do not believe that the people of this en-lightened land will allow such an outrage. But if it is decided against us, next summer will witness one of the greatest revolutions which our country ever saw. We will have a new set of congressmen, and if need be, a ruler over them, as in ancient times, who will order and compel them to enact such laws as are for the interest of the people." And this minister only expresses the general sentiment of the ministers of the leading churches. They are determined to rule or ruin. Possibly they will yet do both. WHEN the Italian troops took possession of Rome the percentage of illiteracy in the papal city was ninety per cent. Now it is forty five. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. 