AMERICAN SENTINEL. 759 and so he asked the secretary of state, Washington Gardner, to write it. Mr. Gardner, apparently not hav-ing the spirit of thanksgiving burning within him as it is popularly supposed to be burning in all State officials during the latter part of November, turned back to an old proclamation of a former governor of Michigan and Łcopied it! Inthat case, both proclamations are borrowed from the same source, illustrating in a rather curious way that old principle that two things which arŁe equal to a third thing are equal to each other. But what shall be said of the virtue or utility of such proclamations? That a governor of a State cannot find -time nor thought to write the annual Thanksgiving proclamation, and that a secretary of state, when called upon to do so, though a scholar and an orator, should borrow an old one from any source, instead of writing -one himself, is a striking commentary upon the hollow-ness of the whole thanksgiving business as far as the author'ity of the state, manifested by executive procla-mation, is concerned. It is probably also safe to say that the real spirit of thanksgiving in these perfunctory thanksgiving procla-mations is a very fair specimen of the amount of thanks-giving felt by those who give heed to them. The most important part of the American thanksgiving is the turkey, and no proclamation of president or governor, whether original or a plagiarism, can affect its glutton-ous consumption. The moral that may be drawn from all this is, that religion and religious exercises prescribed by a state, whether suggested or commanded, are always utterly «devoid of that life and soul which makes their perform-ance of any value. A Test of State Religious Schools. IN New South Wales, Australia, a practical test is being made of the utility of giving religious instruction in the state schools. With a view of ascertaining the de-sirability of such a system for the state schools of Victo-ria, the inspector-general of schools in the latter colony, Mr. Stewart, made a two months' investigation of the results obtained in the New South Wales schools, and made a report, which was printed in the Melbourne Age, of September 20. Of the religious lessons given in these schools the report says:Š "`They are not religious in the true sense of the term. They were not taken at any particular hour of the day, and might be placed between vulgar fractions and vocal exercise, according to the whim of the teacherŁ.' He was much shocked to hear such expressions as `our Saviour' used glibly, and without any apparent reverence; in fact, the lessons did not appear to be of any more importance to the children or teachers than any other lessons, seeing that there was no test applied to teachers as to special fitness to give this instruction. It was given, not only by P‚rotestants and Roman Catholics, but also by teach-ers who might have no religious sympathy or belief. It  was said that all scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, and for instruction in righteousness. If that was the end of religious instruction, Mr. Stewart did not think that any attempt was made to reach it in New South Wales." Experience is much more valuable than theory; and it is to be hoped that the States of the American Repub-lic will profit from the experience of New South Wales in this respect. There could not be a much better plan de-vised for making the children irreverent than to teach them religion by such a system as that which Inspector-general Stewart described. An Example of " Christian Unity." RECENTLY, says the Living Church (Chicago) 400,-000 'Assyrian Christians" have become adherents of the Russian state church. This adherence was secured through the influence of Russian emissaries, who prom-ised the Assyrians the protection of their government if they would purge their religious formulas of Nestorian-isin and introduce a prayer for the czar. The Assyrians have been for centuries believers in the doctrines of Nestorianism ; but upon the promise of Rus-sia to maintain their schools and give the country pro-tection from the Turks, Kurds, and Persians, the great majority laid these doctrines aside and became orthodox Russians. And this is pointed to by the religious press as "one of the most remarkable examples in history of .a restoration of long-broken Christian unity." Yes; this is one way to secure "Christian unity;" it is a way with which history is quite well acquainted, but not to the credit of the church. The only true Christian unity is that which comes through adherence to divine truth. Not by giving up truth, not by compromising with error, not by bargaining in doctrines for the protec-tion of earthly princes, but by counting the truth of God as more precious than all else, can the true unity of the faith be realized in Christendom. Christian unity is a unity in love of the truth. Our Clubbing Rates. IN another column will be found a list of excellent publications which we have arranged to furnish at re-duced prices. There is nothing in this to us, but we are glad to receive orders for any of them in connection with the SENTINEL at reduced prices as a matter of accommo-dation to our friends. The offer is being responded to to quite an extent. We desire to say that we shall discon- Ł tinue this clubbing arrangement after the first of the year, and therefore those of our friends who wish to take advantage of it will please arrange to do so between this and January 1. 