TJ=IE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 203 commandments or to punish men for their Violation of them, would have to punish as a murderer the man who hates another, to punish as a thief the man who covets, and as an adulterer the man who thinks impurely. In short the civil power does not legislate with reference to these com-mandments, nor does it punish men for doing these, things because they have vie- - lated- the commandments of God. Such crimes and such penalties have no respect whatever to the commandments of God. From time immemorial governmentS that knew nothing about God have legislated with respect to these things and have pun- - - ished these crimes. The Inquisition is the only- logical outcome of any attempt to legislate upon or punish these things as violations of the 'commandments of God ; becanse in order to such a punishment it is essential that cognizance be taken of the thoughts and intents of the heart. And this is the logic of the whole Wo-Man's Christian Temperance UnionŠNa-tional Reform-Sunday-law movement. - And so, according to the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union scheme, her clos-ing words are true. " If one is religious legislation, so are they ;" and as it is a fact that one is religious legislation, it is likewise a fact that if these people could have the power to legislate upon all, all would be religious legislation. And this is but to express the truth that their whole scheme is religious whether they call it so or not. The nature of the thing does not depend upon what it is called, but upon what it is; and religious legislation from beginning to end is just what it is. A. T. J. Longevity of the Jews. - WE take the following from the Chris- - tiara Statesman:Š Attention is being called to the comparative longevity of the Jews. Thus, it is said that in Polish Prussia, in a population of ten thousand, three Christians die for every two Jews, and 'that in Austria the proportion is about the same. - In Saxony, one Jew in fifty-one and one Christian in thirty-three expresses the comparative death rate. At Frankfort, fifty-four per cent. of the Jews reach their seventieth year, against thirty-eight per cent. of the Christians. In Hungary, the chance of life among the Croats is put at twenty years, the Germans at twenty-seven, and the Jews at forty-six. In attempting to determine why the Jew is thus more exempt from disease than others, physicians like Dr. Gueneau de Mussey have come to the .conclusion that this comparative immunity - is due to the wholesome sanitary laws of the Old Testament. Moses, for illustration, forbade as food the flesh of animals especially liable to parasites. He prohibited the use of blood by which infectious 'diseases are liable to be spread. In some way the inspired lawgiver seems to have had some notion of tuberculosis and bacilli, or else he was so guided that he legislated more wisely than he knew. We are interested in this item princi-pally because it furnishes a complete refu-tation of the standard argument for the so-called " civil Sabbath." We are told that a weekly day of rest is absolutely essential to the health of the people, and  that in order for a part of the people to rest all must rest; and that as all will not rest without a law compelling them to do so, a Sunday law is a physical necessity. This claim has been urged so long and so confidently that many accept it without question; but that it is not true is shown by Hebrew vital statistics everywhere. It will of course be urged that the Jews observe a regular weekly rest, and that this is one reason for the low death rate among them. But what then becomes of the assertion that the necessary rest can not be obtained unless all rest upon the same day ? Clearly it falls to the ground ; for so far as the Jews do rest in the man-ner insisted upon by the Sunday-law ad-vocates as a physical necessity, they rest upon a day when those around them are engaged in the ordinary pursuits of life; thus utterly refuting the contention of the American Sabbath Union that all must rest or none can. And not only do the Jews disprove the assertion that needful rest can not be taken by a part of the people while the other part are at work, but the facts quoted from the Statesman also discredit the claim, so confidently made by some, that a stated weekly rest is a physical ne-cessity; for it is a well-known fact that very many Jews, yielding to the greed of gain, keep no day, but do business seven days each week. 'Nor are the Jews the 'only living wit-nesses against the assumption that a reg-ular weekly rest-day is a physical neces-sity of mankind. March 11, 1890, the writer heard Bishop Andrews, of the Methodist Episcopal Church, who had just returned from China, say that "in that country they have no Sabbath; yet laboring men live to be very old." He said that he did not understand .it, but that it was a fact. The Bishop made this statement on the platform of a meeting held under the auspices of the American Sabbath Union, and he had no intention of discrediting the physical-necessity ar-gument; but facts have always been un-kind to falsehood, and so the blow was none the less deadly because given by a friendly hand. c. P. B. Ł  Sunday Laws. THERE are two or more classes of citizens who do not believe that the first day of the week, called Sunday, is the Sabbath, since the Lord designated the seventh day as a day for rest and worship. An-other class do not believe in any day of worship commanded by God, and still another class care not at all about relig-ious designations. The State has no authority to make re-ligious laws, and all Sunday laws must necessarily be religious laws. The law can no more make men religious than it can make them unselfish or wise. Laws can restrain, but legal righteousness has ever been temporary. . . . As before said by the Graphic, the Church must be in a deplorable, condition when it is compelled to depend upon civil law and the police commissioners for sup-port. Religion must live by pure per-suasion and not rest on force. Even those who believe that God consecrated the seventh day and set it apart as a day of rest and worship do not believe that he intended to restrict the personal liberty of his people or deprive them of any pleasures. The Decalogue contains no such restrictions. The life of Christ shows no such arbitrary disposition. . . . The Oakland (Cal.) Times says: " The Sunday law is simply indefensible. It is entirely without the province of the State. The mystic and the supernatural have no part in the affairs of government. The spirit that incites such legislation is a belated survival of mediaeval intolerance and superstition. The Sunday law is an anachronism. It has no place this side of the Renaissance." This being true, what else may we expect but open revolt against an obnoxious, unconstitutional law?ŠCol-orado Graphic. Ł The Name Does Not Change the Fact. RECENTLY the Chicago Post protested as follows against the use of the word Sunday:Š Some one inveighs against the use of the word " Sabbath " in a newspaper, and pertly declares " it is not journalisticŠSunday is the correct word." Pray, for what reason ? Sunday comes to us from a dead mythology, which was once the world's curse; Sabbath from a live religion, which is now the world's blessing. Sunday has associa-tions so cruel they might make angels weep; Sab-bath has memories so gentle and so sweet that they make men rejoice. One in its very sound is harsh and cold; the other is soft and musical. One has in it the noon-day glare; the other the soft light falling through cathedral windows. Sunday re-calls the noise and bustle of a Parisian holiday; Sabbath brims over with suggestions of quiet and of rest. The Sabbath day ! Long may those words remain the favorite designation of the day most dear to hearts American. Upon this the Sabbath Recorder, Sev-enth-day Baptist, comments thus :Š The Post could hardly have put the case more clearly and forcibly. But the difference which that journal so sharply defines is more than a dif-ference in name ; it is a difference in fact. Sunday and Sabbath are not the same thing. The Post says truly that " Sunday comes to us from a dead mythology, which was once the world's curse;" and that " Sabbath [comes] from a living religion, which is now the world's blessing." It is because this is so, that men refuse to call Sunday the Sab-bath or treat it as such. It is against this effort to mix things that the plea is made which the Post takes as its text for the above paragraph. A man may call white black until his face is red, but that does not make it so. In like manner the Post may call Sunday Sabbath with all the fervor imagin-able, still the fact remains that Sunday is the child of pagano-papal device, while the Sabbath is the " Sabbath of the Lord thy God." We, too, pray that the Sabbath as the symbol of God's power and love in the world may never depart from the hearts of the people; but calling Sunday the Sabbath will never prevent so great a calamity. It is very true that calling' Sunday the 