372 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. commemorate, not physical but spiritual and holy rest. From quaking Sinai came the renewed command, " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy;" and the entire Bible indorses the sacred claim. Christians have disagreed as to which day of the week is to be kept holyŠsome keep the seventh day, others the firstŠbut regarding the Lord's day as the Sab-bath transferred, or a new institution, it is still purely religious; a sacred day of rest and worship. Legislation in regard to the Sabbath sprang from the Roman conception that religion was a department of the State, and the emperor head of that department. In the fourth century Constantine adopted Christianity as the State religion, and ordained a Sabbath rest. The Lord's day was to be consecrated to prayer ac-cording to forms of worship designated. Thus in the first Sabbath legislation the day was enforced as a purely religious in-stitution. England has always religiously enforced the Sabbath, Alfred basing his law on the divine appointment of the day. Blackstone says: " The profanation of the Lord's day is immediately injurious to God and his holy religion, and there-fore punishable by the laws of England." Chitty notes in his criminal law that " non-attendance at church is indictable under fine." The Commonwealth en-forced the law with vigor, and when Pu-ritanism was overthrown and came to America, it brought its characteristics; and the Church and State were not only united in New England, but the State was inside the Church. The " blue laws," the resulting theory, are too notorious to need quoting. Now universally con-demned, they were the legitimate off-spring of such an unholy alliance. Penn's great law of 1682 recognized the Chris-tian religion, and commanded the observ-ance of the Lord's day in praise and adoration, either at home or in public meetings. All Sabbath legislation, therefore, from Constantime to Penn, was based on the fact that the Lord's day is the divinely-appointed Sabbath, and the object was to preserve the holy day from desecration. Pennsylvania's act of 1794 is claimed to be an ordinance for the enforcement of the Sabbath as a civil institution. Whence came the change ? Under the colonial laws the observance was confessedly en-forced to aid religion, and there is no act of the State to refute that declaration. Instead, the language of the bill proves the civil claim false. It says, " If any person shall do or perform any worldly employment whatsoever on the Lord's day;" and it further speaks of the pun-ishment of those who " shall profane the Lord's day." Why enact penalties for the profanation of a civil day ? Only a sacred thing can be profaned. And with unconscious significance the term " Lord's day" is used, and this again belies the civil claim. Judge Thompson says : " Although Christians of all denominations look upon the Sabbath as of divine origin, yet it re-quires statutes to protect its observance, and the act of 1794 was undoubtedly passed for that purpose." For what pur-pose ? ŠTo protect the Sabbath as of divine origin. Idleness always produces vice, and did the framers of that bill think enforced idleness would prevent it ? France, under the reign of revolution, tried it. They enforced a civil Sabbath, a rest day, every tenth day, and the affirmative would place our law-makers in the position assumed by FranceŠen-forcing a rest day devoid of religion. Was vice prevented ?ŠHistory thunders, No ! Never before or since have license and wickedness attained such glaring proportions. And these civil sabbaths augmented the evil. A logical result; for pure idleness was never productive of good. Religious sentiment among the people is the only guard against vice; and to inculcate such our fathers passed this bill, to protect the sacred and religious character of the day. But what say our judges ? All but three, speaking authoritatively from the bench, declare their allegiance to the divinely-appointed institution. Judge Flandreau, of the Supreme Court of Min-nesota, in the Bramhall vs. Van Campen case, says : " The Sabbath laws of the State can have no other object than the enforcement of the fourth of God's com-mandments." Judge Caldwell, of the Supreme Court of Texas, in Elsner vs. the State, says : " The object of the Leg-islature was to forbid all secular employ-ment on the Sabbath not excepted in the statute. The disregard of the Sabbath, and the refusal to recognize it as a day sanctified to holy purposes, constitute the offense." The Supreme Court of Ala-bama says (O'Donnell vs. Sweeney) : " We do not think the design of the Legisla-ture in the passage of the act can be doubted. It was evidently to promote morality and advance the interests of re-ligion." Judge Strong says : " Christi-anity without a Sabbath would be no Christianity. The very purpose of Sab-bath laws, as declared in our Eastern States, and as shown by our authorities, was that the people may devote the day to rest and the worship of God." New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, New Hampshire, and other Supreme Courts, have given similar decisions. .Judge Bell dissents, saying " The Sab-bath is to become a mere rest day. ' Its sole mission is to inculcate a temporary weekly cessation from toil, but it adds not to this any religious obligation." By what authority is its profanation deemed a penal offense ? Why may not the poor man take the railroad or street car to the country, and enjoy a few hours' com-munion with nature and with nature's God ? If physical health be the great  consideration, why compel him to remain in an atmosphere saturated with germs of pestilence and disease ? If his intel-lectual development be sought, why close library, garden, and museum ? Too often his enforced idleness leads him to crime, and his vaunted rest becomes a damning curse. The statistics of crime in New York City show more cases for Saturday night and Sabbath than for all the rest of the week. London, with its Sabbath laws, is one of the wickedest cities in the world. The famous Doctor Guthrie says Paris is more orderly and quiet on Sab-bath than rest-enforcing Edinburgh. What does this say for enforced idle-ness on the irreligious ? Surely it cannot be claimed that it is conducive to health, religion, or morality. Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts says, " A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obli-gation:" and again, " If you take religion out of the day you take the rest out." In Boston Monday lectures for 1887, Joseph Cook says : " Unless Sabbath ob-servance be founded on religious reasons, you will not long maintain. it on the basis of economic, physiological, and po-litical considerations only." Says Su-preme Justice Field : " Laws setting aside Sunday as a day of rest are upheld, not from any right of government to legislate for the promotion of religious observ-ances, but from the right to protect all men from the physical and moral debase-ment which comes from uninterrupted labor. (This is but a transcript of a de-cision given by him while justice of the State court of California, hence has no more argumentative weight than one of the half dozen contradictory opinions of other State courts.) Now to protect from moral debasement cannot be other than to enforce moral elevation, and to enforce moral eleva-tion is to enforce morality, and morality is defined as "the relation of conformity or non-conformity of an act to the divine law." But conformity to the divine law is religion. Therefore, when, according to the decision cited, Justice Field en-forced morality, he enforced religion; for they are inseparable. And in enforcing religion he enforced its institutions. Then the undeniable fact remains that Justice Field, giving moral and religious reasons in support of a civil claim, has recog-nized the religious claim and enforced it. God has declared the Sabbath holy. If not observed in a holy manner, it is not observed at all. Then it must follow that it cannot be observed in a civil manner. The command to keep it holy, God has never yet withdrawn, nor permitted man to alter, nullify, or abrogate in any man-ner. It is holy still. The highest court on earth could never repeal it. As Web-ster says, " You might as well put out the sun and think to light the world with tapers, destroy the action of gravitation 