FEBRUARY 1, 1894. A.,INMIELICAN glE4WrrlINIn1L,0 39 the same things that made Rome so obnoxious. And it falls to the lot of the far-famed pious Protestant city of Basel to furnish us an illustration of the truth-fulness of this statement. This city has a Sunday law, forbidding work on this day, and punishes with fines or imprisonments the naughty people that do not obey it. But for the last three Sundays of 1893, this law was sus-pended, and everybody could work to his heart's content, without fear of being dis-turbed by modern inquisitors. Thus, the whole city was granted a three-weeks' indulgence. We now ask, How much better is this than papal indulgences? The principle is the same. First, it is declared to be wrong to work on Sunday, and at another time it is permitted as all right. The true nature of this trans-action is more apparent when we consider that Sunday is a religious institution, taking the place of the Sabbath. Re-move the religious element, and there would be no demand for Sunday laws. The religious part is the soul and life of the institution. We are zealously taught that it is wrong to work on this day. This being the case, when the State gives everybody permission to work on it, the State virtually grants an indulgence to do wrong; and is thus doing precisely the same work as the papacy did in granting indulgences in the days of Tetzel. By taking such a course, the State, or false Protestantism through the State, like the papacy, elevates itself above God. God being righteous, cannot pronounce the trangression of his law sin at one time and not sin at another. It may be argued that God also permits work on the Sabbath. True, but on an entirely different basis. He permits works of mercy, but such works are law-ful on every Sabbath. But by punishing people for Sunday work at one time, and at another granting everybody permis-sion to work on Sunday, the State vir-tually pretends to do what God cannot do. This is a faithful image to the papacy. It not only puts man in the place of God, but elevates him above God. This is why God warns us so solemnly against it. Read Rev. 14: 9, 10. H. P. HOLSER. Basel, Switzerland, Jan. 10. The Sunday Law Is Legal. MUNICIPAL COURT JUDGE REID ren-dered a decision in the Krech case yes-terday. The decision sustains the legality of the law requiring the closing of all places of business on Sunday and over-rules the defendant's demurrer to the complaint. Henry Krech, the Fife hotel barber, will therefore have to stand his trial upon the charge of shaving customers on Sundays. Judge Reid's decision first recites al-leged facts in relation to the case and then quotes the Sunday law. It then takes up the defendant's objection that the law is unconstitutional in that it is discrimina-ting hi allowing hotels, livery stables and restaurants, to keep open while forbidding other business establishments to do so, and is thereby class legislation. The de-cision holds that while the constitutional provision forbids legislation in favor of any particular class of citizens, it does not follow that the act in question affects any particular class, it being directed against certain kinds of business and not in any wise prohibiting all citizens from en- gaging in the exempted lines if they so desire. The first ground of objection to the validity of the act is therefore decided to be untenable. The defendant's second objection asserts that the Sunday law is designed to com-pel observance of the Christian religion, and therefore illegal; that to be compelled to close his place of business amounts to a molestation and disturbance of both his person and property, and that the re-ligious liberty of the Hebrew would be thus violated by such compulsory observ-ance. The court holds that if he were correct in his claim the law could not stand against his objection, but that he is in error in that the law does not intend to aid or repress any religious sect, but sim-ply to provide a day of rest and to pre-serve the public health. In support of this the court quotes cases precedent, and disallows the defendant's contention. In regard to the claim of the defendant that shaving is not a trade, but a neces-sity, the court decides that such a ques-tion could best be settled by a jury trial. He therefore overrules the demurrer and gives leave to plead.ŠSunday Ledger, Tacoma, Wash., Jan. 14. Chicago in the Grasp of Rome. CHICAGO, Ill., Jan. 22.ŠA Washington special to the Inter-Ocean says a delega-tion of American and German Democrats from Chicago recently had a secret inter-view with Cleveland, having gone to Washington incog., to protest against the appointment of Martin Russell as col-lector, and of Frank Lawler as marshal, on the ground that this would put the entire city in Roman Catholic control, and that the effects were already injurious to the party. The dispatch states that a paper was filed with the President showing that the local Roman Catholics already fill the fol-lowing offices : mayor, chief of police, chief of the fire department, postmaster, State's attorney, clerk of Circuit Court, clerk of Probate Court, clerk of Superior Court, a number of judges, forty-five out of sixty-eight aldermen, 90 per cent. of the police force, 80 per cent. of the mem-bers of the fire department, and 67 per cent, of the school teachers. Ł -40Ł-Ł- " REPRESENTATIVES of twenty-six par-ishes in Milwaukee," says the Catholic Review, "have founded an organization to defend their p-ssession of their civic rights against the attacks of the Amer-ican Protective Association." The Review significantly adds:Š Our Wisconsin co-religionists show that they value their rights of conscience and of Constitution by promptly combining  to prevent those rights from being  infringed, abridged or destroyed. They are acting  in self-defense, forced to do so by the aggres-sions of the Know Nothing conspiracy; but in trying to defend themselves they may have to give blows as well as to ward them off. To our intense regret, the American Protective Association has coerced us into this attitude. On that treasonable secret society lies the blame for all the trouble that will ensue. The signs of the times are ominous. The Christian will watch with interest the gathering clouds, and will warn as many as possible of the coming storm; but he will, at the same time, remember that " the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds." "All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." AMONG other items under the general heading, "Sabbath Reform," the Christian Statesman publishes this from Kansas City, Mo.:Š On a recent Sabbath {Sunday the Statesman means} the bar of the Centropolis Hotel bore this inscription, "Bar closed. Bartender gone to church. Go thou and do likewise." This reminds us of a statement pub-lished some years ago in the California Prohibitionist, namely, " If the saloons will close on Sunday it is about all we can ask." The Statesman is professedly " de-voted to the whole circle of reforms," but everything else is made secondary to a puritanical Sunday. The Statesman evi-dently agrees with the California paper that Sunday closing is about all that can be asked of the saloons. Ł Ł  THE Anglican Synod, recently in ses-sion in Montreal, adopted resolutions de-nouncing Sunday street cars, the opening of parks on Sunday, and pauper immigra-tion. The discussion of Sunday cars by the synod brought to light the fact that many of the clergymen were in the habit of patronizing the street railways on that day. One member of the synod defended the cars on the ground of convenience and said that cabs and other carriages made more confusion on Sunday than did the cars. The resolution was, however, fi-nally adopted unanimously. STANDS PRE-EMINENT, in that while it is no larger than the average of such books, and of convenient size to carry in the vest-F;cket, it gives, besides other useful information, THE CORRECT SPELLING AND PRONUNCIATION OF 45,863 WORDS, OR ABOUT TWICE AS MANY As ANY SIMILAR WORK. As its name indicates, it is much more than a dictionary. It contains:- 1. THE COLOMBIAN WORD BUILDER, a very simple and yet exceedingly useful device which more than doubles the capacity of the dictionary. 5. GUIDE TO PRONUNCIATION. S. A VERY" FULL LIST Ole _ABBREVIATIONS. 6. THE COLUMBIAN PRONOUNCING DICTIONARY AND SPELLER (I.55 pages). 5. THE COLUMBIAN PRONOUNCING AND STATISTI-CAL GAZETTEER OF THE WORLD. 6. THE COLUMBIAN DIGEST OF PARLIAMENTARY PR ACTICE. 7. THE COLUMBIAN RAPID CALCULATOR, AND COM-PEND OF BUSINESS AND SOCIAL FORMS. 8. THE COLUMBIAN PERPETUAL MEMORANDUM, STAMP BOOK AND THREE YEARS' Calendar. 9. TABLES OF WEIGHTS AND MEASURES. The whole forms a book only 59,6 by 2.34 inches and only three-eighths of an inch thick. In Leather, 50e; Cloth, 25e. Order of PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. THE COMPLETE VEST- POCKET LIBRARY 