AMERICAN SENTINEL. 229 constitute Sabbath-keeping. We cannot keep the Lord's Sabbath by simply ceasing to labor on that day. There is more to Sabbath keeping than this, as we shall pres-ently show. From the quotation from the author just made it would appear that in Constantine's time the idea of Sabbath-keeping was that of a cessation from labor alone. Hence the decree was issued requiring a cessation from labor on Sunday. But this was for Sun-day-keeping and not for Sabbath-keeping. This idea still prevails in the minds of thousands who thus keep Sunday after the method of the Romish church, and by her authority. When Christ created the world in six days, he rested upon the seventh; but as he was not physically tired, he could not rest physically. In order for any one to keep the Sabbath as it should be kept, be must enter into the spiritual rest of Christ. That rest cannot be found upon any other day than the seventh. It cannot be found where it is not, and as it was on the seventh day and on no other day, it cannot be found elsewhere. That spiritual rest which entered into the Sabbath can not be found in the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth days, for the obvious reason that it never entered into any of those days. So of a truth we can never observe theSabbath on any of those days named. But as it took this spiritual rest to create the Sabbath it is plain that the Sabbath is something spiritual; therefore, no athe-ist, deist, infidel, Protestant, Catholic, or any other human being on the face of the earth can keep the Sab-bath holy without entering into Christ's spiritual rest. They may all cease to labor on Sunday, Monday, Tues-day, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, and even then they will not have kept the SabbathŠthe rest Šof the Lord. No matter if they voluntarily or com-pulsively abstain from physical labor on any one of these days, that in and of itself is not Sabbath-keeping. So we can see by this true position what Sabbath-keeping is, and how unjust a civil law is that attempts to compel any one to keep the Sabbath. It is an at-tempt to coerce such to do what is an impossibility for them to do. Therefore, we are uncompromisingly op-posed to Sabbath enforcement by civil statute. It can not be done, because the Sabbath is a spiritual institu-tion. Then let no one legislate in favor of the Sabbath of the Lord, or its rival institution. The Lord will take care of his Sabbath and of those who observe it, and will punish those who do not care to keep it; and he will do all this without the-aid of civil power or legislative enactments. No Christian will ever ask for a civil law to compel obedience to the Sabbath. That is all con-trary to the Spirit of Christ. The divine Legislator has enacted a Sabbath law for all mankind, then let man respect that law and he will not want a civil law to com-pel others to do as he does, or to punish them if they do not. Portage, Wis. Methodists and the Philippine Question. THE Methodist Preachers' Meeting which convened recently in Philadelphia, adopted resolutions relating to missionary work in the Philippines, the preamble of which said:Š "God in his wise providence has recently redeemed from bondage, despotism and superstition more than 10,000 souls for whom Christ died, and has brought them under the sheltering folds of our flag, and made them partakers of our inheritance of liberty." This coming to the notice of the American League of that city, the latter body addressed a letter to the Methodist gathering, which in reference to this pream-ble, said:Š "The adoption of this preamble indicates to the American League that the members of your body are not well informed regarding the acquirement of the Philippine Islands. Our league has abundant official evidence to prove that the islands were not thrust upon us by an all-wise Providence, but rather that our ad-ministration coveted them, as Ahab did covetNaboth's vineyard; that the people of the islands, who formerly trusted us and loved us as deliverers, have been basely deceived and maltreated, and that they have good rea-son to hate and suspect the American people." The letter further made a request for a hearing to be given by the Methodist body to a representative of the League, who would address them on "The Philip-pine question from a Christian and American point of view." The reception given this letter made plain the Meth-odist attitude in reference to the questions involved in the Philippine conquest. As the action of a represen-tative Methodist body, it is worthy of note. It is thus described:Š "As soon as this letter was presented objection was made to its being read, and when the secretary an-nounced that the letter was from an anti-imperialist organization there arose a storm of protest. The sec-retary, amid great laughter, moved that the letter be referred to the committee on immorality and vice. Then another brother moved its reference to the committee on legislation, which was seconded. That was its burial. Rev. Dr. Lippincott appealed to the meeting to grant a hearing to the League, or at least to hear the letter, and two ministers called for 'fair play,' but the motion to refer without reading was carried amid the derisive laughter of the expansionists present. During the discussion one member called out, 'You need not fear to hear the truth,' to which there was a response, `We don't want to have this matter discussed here,' a sentiment which was loudly applauded." In view of this a secular journal takes the Method-ists to task with these judicious words:Š "Ah, brethren, brethren, not so fast. Your action and your temper vividly recall episodes of the ante-war period when the question of slavery was vainly ruled out, but returned again and again and remained to 