AMERICAN SENTINEL. 215 the prophecy taken the pains to teach especially the people of this nation the source and merits of both days, it is infinitely worse. Now whatever opinion one may hold concerning this point, it is positively certain that God sees a very great distinction between these two days. For just at this time when efforts are being made to enforce the keeping of Sunday by law, and therefore to the people of this present time, the Lord by an angel gives a solemn warn- ing against the receiving of that institution. Thus it reads: "And the third angel followed them (see verses 6, 8) saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation, and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels and in the presence of the Lamb: and the smoke of their torment ascendeth up forever and ever, and they have no rest  day nor night who worship the beast and his image and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name." Rev. 14:9-11. But no such warning does God give concerning the true Sabbath. On the contrary, a blessing is pronounced upon those who lay hold of the seventh day and keep it. Isa. 56:2. It could not be anything else than that, for that is why the Lord, after he had rested upon that day, blessed and sanctified it. Gen. 2:3. Now anybody who has the least respect for God's word, however honest he may have been previously, after reading the solemn warning as quoted above, will con-clude that there is something in this matter of Sunday keeping that he has not hitherto understood. He will begin to consider whether it is not safer to take God's opinion of the matter rather than to rely upon his own. But let us see what is involved in this question. If it is really true that notwithstanding Sunday is the mark of papal power, and the seventh day the sign of God's power, there is no difference in the days, it must follow that God's blessing is of no worth, and that a human act is as good as God's. But further: if it is claimed, for any reason whatever, that preference should be given to Sunday, it would logically follow that man's act is really of more value than an act of God. Now if what God does and blesses is no better than what man does, to say nothing of its being in any way inferior, it must be true that man can be his own Saviour. For if our acts are as good as God's it will follow inevit-ably that anything we may do to effect our salvation is as effectual as anything that God does; and that being so, what need has man of any saviour other than himself. Of what use would Christ be to him? Manifestly, of no use. But still further: if, as set forth above, God's works are inferior to man's works, then it would be safer to trust in man's works for salvation than in God's. And that is just the position of the papacy. For it can be made perfectly plain that the way of salvation, as taught by the papacy, is entirely different  from God's way. "By grace are ye saved, through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of God." Eph. 2:8. We read in John's gospel that certain ones came to Christ and asked, "What must we do that we may work the works of God?" They felt confident they were equal to any occasion, and had they been able to do as they thought themselves able, there would have been no need of salvation in any other way. But they were unpre pared for the reply of Christ: "This is the work of God, that ye believe on him whom he hath sent." This reveals the fact that in no other way can the works of God be accomplished by us than by faith in Christ; and consequently that salvation is purely a mat-ter,  of faith. This is the Protestant principle' contended for in the ReformationŠjustification by faithŠand this too in direct opposition to Roman Catholicism. This would imply that the Catholic method of salva-tion or justification is different from that of faith; and such indeed is the case. The following quotation, taken from a standard Catholic work, "Catholic Belief," is right to the point:Š "They (the Reformers) then reduced, as it appears, to a mere matter of form the two sacraments they pro-fessed to retain; namely, Holy Baptism and the Holy Eucharist. To make up for this rejection and enable each individual to prescribe for himself, and procure by himself the pardon of sins and divine grace, independently of the priests and of the sacraments, they invented an exclusive means never known in the church of God, and still rejected by all the Eastern churches and by the Ro-man Catholics throughout the world; by which the fol-lowers of Luther ventured to declare that each individual can secure pardon and justification for himself independ-ently of priests and sacraments. They have framed a new dogma, not to be found in any of the creeds, or in the canons of anygeneral councils; I mean the new dogma of justification by faith alone or by faith only." (Italics theirs.) As the doctrine of justification by faith was not known in the past, and is still rejected, by the Catholic Church, by what other means can justification be had except by works? And the same power by which such works are wrought is the power by which the Sabbath was changed from the seventh day to Sunday. And as Sunday is the mark of that power, it is as Clear as day that Sunday is the mark or sign of justification by works. This will be considered more full) in our next. THE question of the legality of religious exercises in the public schools is before the Supreme Court of West Virginia for decision, and it is thought will be settled at an early date. The case was brought up by petition of Mr. John Kennedy, to compel the Board of Education of Grant District, Marion County, and the trustees of Booth-vine free school to discontinue the reading of the Bible before the pupils, this being a regular feature of the open-ing exercises in the schools. SELL not your birth rights for a mess of pottage. 