X0ITEMI3ER 23, 1893. AminnICA.N 1 NTINIML. 343 a. gentleman who was present asked in as-tonishment, what we could mean. When we explained the matter to him he was amazed beyond expression, and could scarcely believe that such could be the case. He wanted some SENTINELS that he might read for himself some of the devil-ish proceedings. I could better under-stand then, how the United States, having led all nations away from Rome, will, by commencing to persecute, lead all nations back to the " mother of harlots." At the magistrates' court here, Oct. 9, 1893, the cases of several persons who were accused of selling goods on Sunday were heard. The articles sold were fruit, cigars and tobacco. An Indian and a Greek, were fined thirty shillings; five others were fined a pound each; and another unfortunate individual, who had been convicted of the same crime (?) be-fore, was fined three pounds, the extreme limit of the law. Thus the Sunday juggernaut moves on in the earth, seeking to exalt itself, by force, to the place of the true Sabbath, the seventh day. GEO. B. THOMPSON. Cape Town, Oct. 11, 1898. On the Mustard Tree Boughs. LIKE the mustard tree of Christ's par-able, the Parliament of Religions, at Chi-cago, gave hospitality to a great variety of habitants. The gathering was very different from that at Pentecost, although from the eulogies pronounced upon this great and unique assembly one might be tempted to associate the two. There are points of similarity and these are mani-fest. Representatives of many nations were in the upper chamber at Jerusalem, and representatives of many nations met in Chicago. A religious element is no-ticeable in both of these historic gather-ings, but the object of meeting can hardly be said to be the same, nor is the message to the multitude so simple and direct in the later gathering as in that of Pentecost. That the results will tend in the same di-rection, aiding in the spread of the gospel, must be very seriously doubted. While attributing the best motives and intentions to those persons who conceived the plan and have carried it out in all its details so thoroughly, and who find their efforts crowned .with success so far as to insure a notable occasion, we doubt the benefit to the cause of religion or human-ity. The Saviour likened the kingdom of heaven to a mustard seed, because, though so small among the seeds, it became great among the trees, and because on its leafy boughs all manner of the fowls of the air found shelter and a resting place. Like generous hospitality has now been afforded by Christianity to various religious sys-tems. These have perched by invitation in places of honor among the mustard tree boughs. The sight has been unusual, stirring, attractive. A great many ser-mons have been preached upon this exhi-bition of progress in a religious line. To some clergymen the great Parliament has appeared as the crown and acme of the whole World's Fair. Preachers have waxed warm with their theme and have been maintaining that this great assembly will do wonders to insure missionary prog-ress. One good man whose knowledge of the foreign mission fields is beyond that of ninety per cent. of the ministry, is reported as saying that the Christian re-ligion would be safe in the Chicago Par-liament, because it is the handiwork of  God and embodies nothing but the living truth. Truth cannot suffer by contact with error. Such contact and the result- ant contrast only serve to make the genu-ine article shine out more luminously. The great men of the old and widely prac- tised religions of Asia, who have come to Chicago, must go away with a greater admiration and higher appreciation of our civilization, and the account they will render of their trip to Chicago will make the path of the missionary smoother. Others have even painted a more glo-rious and a broader horizon. But the kingdom of heaven does not come by ob-servation. It does not make its greatest progress during weeks of immense assem-blies and stirring conventions. The world will never be captured by any such mag-nificent coup crelat. To say that truth cannot suffer by con-tact with error, and that such contact and the resultant contrast only serve to make the genuine article shine out more lumin-ously is simply to misuse one great prin-ciple. Truth is of God and must ulti-mately prevail, but it can suffer along its career, and is often wounded in the house of its friends. Has there been no such wounding at the great Parliament ? Moreover, if such a theory be correct, why should not the false and the true doctrine be perpetually represented in our pulpits ? Men are burdened with sin and want and woe. Among the mighty multitude of weary ones stands the Lord Jesus Christ more wearied and burdened than all others, and he cries: " Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." And this he says pre6minently to those who are burdened with the consciousness of guilt before God. This is man's supreme burden, but Christ can relieve the heart and conscience even of this weight that otherwise must sink the bearer into woe eternal. There is but one Redeemer who can do this. There is but one Mediator between God and man. There is but one way of salva-tion, one door by which if a man enters he shall be saved. Christ is the sole Re-deemer, the one Mediator, the only way, the one door of hope opened in the valley of human bitterness. In the salvation which he offers is atonement for sin and release from sin's power. No religion but Christianity, and that of the evangel-ical type, can offer any such power. Therefore, because there is but one Sav-iour, it behooves his followers, and above all, the ministers of his gospel, to be care-ful how they make a platform of fellow-ship broad enough to accommodate the teachers of religions that cannot save the souls of men. The Chicago Parliament has practically to a certain extent indorsed a number of man-made religions. Think-ing Asiatics will undoubtedly feel so. The glittering counterfeits have been ex-hibited alongside of the one genuine reli-gion, and the exhibitors have expatiated in glowing terms on the virtues of their re-spective faiths. We do not believe that any of the representatives of the Asiatic religions will haul their colors down and go home flying the banner of Calvary. In his paper on " Hinduism," Virchand R. Ganthi, of India, claimed that religion, instead of being a mere matter of faith, might well become the solid province of reason, and a science of religion may not be so much a dream as is imagined by persons pledged to certain conclusions. Holding, therefore, these views on the nature of religion, and having at heart  the great benefit of a common basis of re-ligion for all men, he submitted the fol- lowing simple principles for consideration : " Belief in the existence of an ultra-ma-terial principle in nature, and in the unity of the all; belief in reincarnation and sal- vation by action. These two principles of a possible universal religion might stand or fall on their merits, apart from the consideration of any philosophy or revela-tion that upholds them." " Salvation by action," forsooth ! How does that sound by the side of the teach- ings of the New Testament ? It is a brass sham and bears no likeness whatever to the gold coin of the gospel of salvation by faith. " By the works of the law shall no flesh be justified." The idea of one uni-versal religion propounded at Chicago, is the devil's subterfuge. It is a radiant, iridescent dream. And shall the soldiers of the Cross march in rank with the fol-lowers of these delusive religions for the subjugation of the world ? How long may unity of purpose and action be ex-pected to last where there is no real unity of faith ? How can the devout Christian have concord with men of creeds so un-like ? Verily these birds on the mustard tree boughs have fine plumage, but they are not of our flock, and they bring no honor to the name, of Jesus, and pay no tribute to the King of kings. The " Idealism of the New Religion," was the theme of Dr. Adolph Brodbeck, of Hanover, Germany Our correspond-ent says of him and his paper: " He was surely a warm enthusiast of his own doc-trine, and the audience was interested in the discussion of his new scheme for the satisfaction of the religious instinct of man. ' The chief aim of the new religion is idealism, that is, the striving for the ideal, the perfection in everything, for the ideal of mankind, especially for each in-dividual; further, for the ideal of science and art, of civilization, of all virtues, of the family, community, society and hu-manity in all forms.' The platform or creed of this new religious system was very beautiful to look upon and pleasing to contemplate, but there was no escaping the conviction that humanity must be made over before these finely spun theo-ries can be made serviceable and practi-cable." Just so ! But in the " ideal" religion, there is no preparation for making the man over again. Christianity, on the contrary, offers the regenerating power of the Holy Ghost. It preaches idealism and presents the ideal in the Man of Naz-areth, tempted in all points like as we are, yet without sin, and so, able to succor them that are tempted. Do we want or can we have anything superior ? No antiquity of years, no widespread enthrallment of human minds, no esthetic or esoteric elements, no matter how abounding in beauty or mystery, can jus-tify the ranking of any religion with that of Christ. This is as a mountain among molehills, so far as real power to save and uplift men is concerned. We dare not as faithful servants of the Cross dally for a moment with these antichristian forces. We must not look eastward to Babylon ; nor southward to Egypt for allies. Such alliances will lead to disaster as they did in the history of God's people of old. As God's people, enlightened and instructed by the law and the gospel, we must find our strength in God. Nor need we any other helper. Ah ! it is a beautiful piece of patchwork which deft fingers would 