  X306 AMERICAN SENTINEL.       to the worship of false gods. From the light, they went into darkness. From righteousness they went to wick-edness. This is the truth. And the records of the earliest nations witness to it. The earliest recordsŠthose of the plain of ShinarŠwitness that the people at first had a knowledge of the true God. The records of the next two of the earliest nations, Egypt and Assyria, bear witness to this same thing. In all these places the earliest records testify that the gods were their first rulers and the real kings : while men, in the places of authority, were but the servants, the viceroys of the god who was held to be the real king. For instance, one of the earliest records from Shinar runs thus : "To [the god] Ninridu, his King, for the pres-ervation of Idadu, viceroy of Ridu, the servant, the de-light of Ninridu." Another: "To [the god] Ninip the King, his King, Gudea, viceroy of [the god] Zirgulla, his house built." Another : "To Nana the lady, lady splen-did, his lady, Dudea, viceroy of Zirgulla . . . raised." These are not only the earliest of the records that have been found in that land, but they themselves show that they are of the earliest records that were made in that land. And they clearly testify of the time when as yet, there were no kings amongst men. The gods were the kings; and the men in authority claimed only to be the viceroys of the gods who were held to be the real kings. And all this testifies of a time further back, when the people knew and recognized God as the only King and rightful Ruler of men. They show also that this knowl-edge of God was so recent, and still so strong upon the minds of the people, that men who stood in places of au-thority had not the baldness to assume the title of king, even though they held the power. The records of Egypt and Assyria testify precisely to these same things. And so far there was as yet no Sta te. There was society. There came a time, however, when even this lingering knowledge of God as King and only rightful Ruler, was cast off; and the man assumed the full title and prerog-atives of king, himself. The first man to do this was Nimrod. Nimrod was the first man in the world who had the boldness to take to himself the title and prerogative of king, in the face of the yet lingering idea of God as king. And the name which he bears, itself testifies to the fact that his, action in,  this, was considered by men and also by the Lord, as precisely the bold thing Which we have indicated. The name Nimrod "signifies rebellion, supercilious contempt, and is equivalent to `the extremely impious rebel.' " The Bible record of Nimrod is that "He began to be a mighty one in the earth;" or, as another translation gives it, "He was the first mighty one in the earth." That is, Nimrod was the first one to establish the might, the power, the authority, of human government, in the form of an organized State. He was the first man to assert the power and prerogatives, and assume the title, of king over men. "And the beginning of his king-dom was Babel, and Erech, and Accad, and Calneh, in the land of Shinar." Consequently, "With the setting up of Nimrod's king-dom, the entire ancient world entered a new historical phase. The oriental tradition which makes that warrior-the first man who wore a kingly crown, points to a fact more significant than the assumption of a new ornament of dress, or even the conquest of a province. His reign introduced to' the world a new system of relations be-tween the governor and the governed. The authority of former rulers rested upon the feeling of kindred; and the-ascendancy of the chief was an image of parental control. Nimrod, on the contrary, was a sovereign of territory., and of men just so far as they were its inhabitants, and irrespective of personal ties. Hitherto there had been tribesŠenlarged familiesŠSociety: now there was a na-tion, a political communityŠthe State. The political and social history of the world henceforth are distinct, if not divergent." Such was the true origin of the State. It was the re-sult of the apostasy of men from God. Such only could possibly be its origin; for if all men had always observed the two "first of all the commandments," it would have been impossible for there ever to be any State. There could have been no human authority exercised. All would have been equally subject to God; He would have been the only Sovereign. Before Nimrod there was Society. Respect of the rights of persons and of their property was maintained. It was only when the apostasy grew, and men got far-ther and farther from God, that the monarchical idea was established and personified in Nimrod. Let us not now be misunderstood. We do not say, nor do we intend to imply, that there should now be no,  human government, that there should be no State, nor even that there should be no monarchy. We simply say that which is the truth, that if there never had been any apostasy from God, there never could have been on earth any of these. It is true that these things are the consequences of the apostasy from God. But men having apostatised from God, these things all, even to such Monarchy as. that of Nimrod or of Nero, became necessary, just in pro-portion to the degree of apostasy. It is better that there should be a government, bad as it may be, than that there should be no government at all. Even such a government as Nimrod's or Nero's is better than none at all. But without apostasy having gone to a fearful length, there never could have been any such government as Nimrod's or Nero's. Nimrod's example was eagerly followed by all the nations around, until they were all absorbed in it. Soci-ety had passed away, and only States remained : and these universally idolatrous. In all that region, only Abraham believed God; and even his own parents were idolators. "They served other gods." God chose Abraham then to be the father of all them 