368 VoL. 8, No. 46. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 23, 1898. ANT one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that It is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. AT the time of closing this paper, the National Reform Convention in Allegheny City, Pa., has not yet finished its work, but the SENTINEL has a representative on the ground, and adequate reports will be furnished in due season. THE convention in question is larger and more enthusiastic than former con-ventions held under the auspices of the National Reform Association. Up to the time of writing this note, the several pa-pers read have been unusually able. Logic could scarcely do more in, the service of error than it has been forced to do thus far in this convention. THE purpose of the National Reformers, as revealed in the resolutions presented at the first meeting of the convention, is to immediately follow up the practical work already done in Congress, and the Supreme Court, by aggressive work in Congress. A committee is to be sent to Washington to advance the work of the association. The amendment to the national Constitu-tion, rendered really unnecessary by the Supreme Court decision, is to be urged; while every effort will be put forth to secure the passage of a national Sunday law. The enemies of liberty and of true righteousness were never more active than now. It is no time for the friends of liberty and of genuine Christianity to slumber. ON another page is a short article, from the Central Baptist, "Rome in New Eng-land," which is significant not only for the fact stated, namely, that "the communi-cants of Roman Catholics in New England exceed the number of all the members of Protestant churches combined," but also for the reason assigned. And what is the reason ? In substance, that Protestant min-isters have ceased to " contend earnestly," or at all, " for the faith once delivered to the saints." Modern Protestantism has ceased to be aggressive and has become utterly colorless as to those doctrines once looked upon as essential to vital piety; and as inculcated by the Protestant pul-pit; Christianity is now little more than a system of ethics, scarcely distinguishable from the better phases of the false systems which it recently met upon a level in Chi-cago in the Parliament of Religions. Sound doctrine is essential to sound faith. The inspired charge to the minis-ters of Christ is, Preach the word ; be instant in season, out of season; reprove,  rebuke, exhort with all long-suffering and doctrine." And why? "For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine." Has not that time fully come ? and is not that fact the reason why Rome dominates that section of the country once the stronghold of Protestantism ? The gospel, the whole gospel, meets exactly the wants of the human soul. But emasculated, it becomes "another gospel," impotent to lift man out of him-self and into God;: powerless to change the heart and to transform the life; ut-terly insufficient to satisfy the longings of the human soul, and its thirst for the streams of living water. Denied the water of life by those who profess to be dispens-ing it, is it any wonder that multitudes turn to Rome ? But this suggests another thought. If a failure to preach the whole gospel, the real gospel, has resulted in such large ac-cessions to the ranks of the Papacy in the United States, does it not follow that the only effective way of successfully resist-ing the Papacy is by preaching the pure gospel ? It was thus that Luther broke the power of Rome when the Pope ruled supreme in Christendom; and shall Chris-tians now resort to other methods ? Shall they deny Christ and the power of his truth by resorting to papal methods in resisting Rome? Nay, verily; let us not go down into Egypt, but let us oppose popish craft and deception with the living Word, the force once potent to create worlds, which caused light to shine out of darkness in the beginning, and which is now pledged to renew the human heart and to subdue the stubborn will, causing light to shine out of the moral darkness of superstition and sin. A CORRESPONDENT of the West Virginia Monitor, writing to that paper from New-ark, that State, says : " Not far from here a Seventh-day Adventist has been perse-cuted in many ways. Not long since they burned his wheat in the stack." This means of punishing this man for working on Sunday was resorted to because under the law of West Virginia " one who con-scientiously believes the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as a Sab-bath and actually,  refrains from all secular labor and business on that day," cannot be punished for devoting the first day to secular. purposes. A CONSIDERABLE number of the " lead-ing citizens " of St. Mary's parish, Louis-iana., lately began a very energetic anti-Semitic movement. The Jewish store-kedpers of Franklin, the principal town in the parish, were ordered to leave within ten days, arid were so intimidated by the threats made to " run them out of the country," that they were preparing to go, when Judge Allen, of that district, inter-fered in their behalf and promised them protection. In several other parishes of the. State the Jews have also been ordered  out. The roll of dishonor is increasing; to the religious persecutions of Arkansas, Georgia, Tennessee, and Maryland, can now be added the Jew-baiting of Louisiana. THE question whether a man may fish on Sunday in the State of New York is now before the Court of Appeals. The case in which this question is to be decided is that of Robert H. Moses, who was ar-rested on July 5, 1892, for fishing on Sun-day in the preserves of the Orange County Anglers' Club, of which he is a member. Mr. Moses has carried the case from the Justice Court to the Court of Appeals at an expense to himself of nearly eight hun-dred dollars and infinite trouble and vexa-tion. If the final decision of the court is against Mr. Moses it will make it necessary forever hereafter to preface every fish story with the wordsŠ" It was not on Sunday." THE Law and Order League has at-tacked Danbury, Conn. The league has employed a lawyer and made known its purpose to close up the town on Sunday hereafter, and to call to its aid all the Sun-day laws of Connecticut, both ancient and modern. A TELEGRAPHIC news item says that sev-enty-five citizens of Buffalo, N. Y., will be presented to the next grand jury at its meeting on Nov. 29, under charges of conspiracy, growing out of their member-ship in the American Protective Associa-tion. LOUIS COHEN, of 121 Allen Street, this city, has been arrested for selling a stove at auction on Sunday. WE take great pleasure in announcing to our readers the early publication of a work interesting and valuable to all, " The Parliament of Religions" at the Columbian Exposition. It will be issued complete in one large octavo volume, and will be a careful compilation of all of the proceed-ingsŠat once a fascinating story and a book of universal value. A narrative of the grandest achievement in modern religious history. The book contains the origin of the Parliament of Religions; proceedings of every meeting of the Parliament ; speeches delivered and papers read at every session of the noted gathering ; the beliefs of the various religious denominations ; opinions of eminent divines in regard to the Parlia-ment ; influence of the Parliament upon the religious thought of the world. Pub-lished by F. T. Neely, Chicago. 800 pages. Price: Cloth, $2.50; Full Sheep, $4.00. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and thereforu uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and state, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, 25 to 99 " " " " " 44 100 to 249 " " " " 44 64 250 to 499 " " " " " 500 to 999 " " " " 44 " 1000 or more " " " "- To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - - - 90c - - - 80c . 75e - - 65c - 60c 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 