THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 13S port any religious worship, place, or ministry what-soever; nor shall be enforced, rsstrained, molested, or burthened in his body or goods; nor shall other-wise suffer on account of his religious opinions or belief; but that all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to maintain, their opinions in matters of religion; and that the same shall in no wise di-minish, enlarge, or effect their civil capacities. ' And though we well know that. this Assembly, elected by the people for the ordinary purposes of legislation only, has no power to restrain the acts of succeeding Assemblies, constituted with pow-ers equal to our own, had that therefore to declare this act irrevocable, would be of no effect in law, yet we are free to declare, and do declare, that the rights hereby asserted are of the natural rights of mankind, and that if any act shall be hereafter passed to repeal the present or to narrow its opera-tion, such act will be an infringement of natural right. Jefferson took more pride in this " Act for Establishing Religious Freedom" than anything else he ever wrote, except the Declaration of Independence. The follow-ing is a portion of an interesting letter written to his warm friend,ŁJames Madi-son, dated at Paris, December 16, 1786:Š The Virginia act for religious freedom has been received with infinite approbation in Europe, and promulgated with enthusiasm. I do not mean by the governments, but by the individuals who com-pose them. It has been translated into French and Italian, has been sent to most of the courts of Europe, and has been the best evidence of the false-hood of those reports which stated us to be in anarchy. It is inserted in the new Encyclopedia, and is appearing in most of the publications respect-ing AmericaŠWorks of Thomas Jefferson, volume II, pages 65, 66. An incident occurred during the adop-tion of this report that illustrates the breadth of views of the founders of our political system, and shows the extent of the religious liberty that we enjoy in this country. In his " Autobiography," Jef-ferson says:Š The bill for establishing religious freedom, the principles 'of which had, to a certain degree, been enacted before, I had drawn in all the latitude of reason and right. It still met with opposition; but, with some mutilations in the preamble, it was finally passed; and a singular proposition proved that its protection of opinion was meant to be universal. Where the preamble declares, that coercion is a de-parture from the plan of the holy Author of our religion, an amendment was proposed, by inserting the words "Jesus Christ," so that it should read, " A departure from the plan of Jesus Christ, the holy Author of our religion; " the insertion was re-jected by a great majority, in proof that they meant to comprehend within the mantle of its protection the Jew and the Gentile, the Christian and Moham-medan, the Hindoo, and infidel of every denomina-tion.ŠWorks of Jefferson, volume I, page 45. Jefferson endeavored to effect this dis- establishment a decade before. Speaking of the General Assembly of 1776, Parton says Petitions for the repeal of statutes oppressive of the conscience of dissenters came pouring in upon the Assembly from the first day of the, session. These being referred to the Committee of the Whole, led to the severest and longest struggle of the session. "Desperate contests," as Jefferson records, " continued almost daily from the eleventh of Oc-tober to the fifth of December." He desired to sweep away the whole system of restraint and mo-nopoly, and establish perfect liberty of conscience and opinion, by a simple enactment of half a, dozen lines ; " No man shall be compelled to frequent or sup-port any religion worship, ministry, or place what-soever ; nor shall be enforced, restrained, molested, or burdened in his body or goods ; nor shall other-wise suffer on account of his religious opinions or belief: but all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to maintain, their opinions in matters of religion ; and the same shall in nowise diminish, enlarge, or effect their civil capacities." It required more than nine years of effort on the part of Jefferson, Madison, and their liberal friends, to bring Virginia to accept this solution of the re-ligious problem, in its simplicity and completeness. ŠParton's " Life of Jefferson," page 210. But, thanks to their earnest efforts, the principles of entire religious liberty were adopted, and a century of unparalleled progress both to religion and Government has resulted. The duty of the American citizen to-day is to see that this liberty is secured to every citizen, and that the in-tentions of these great men shall not be thwarted. W. A. BLAKELY. What and Whither? "My kingdom is not of this world." " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Ccesar's, and unto God the thing that are God's," and other New Testament texts in the same trend set forth principles, fidelity to which requires the severance of religious from civil matters. Any depart-ure from such principles must therefore be antichristian, as is also any religious doctrine or practice that has ever been enforced or maintained by civil law, since whatever is Christian must be supported by Christian means. As baptismal civil legislation has in all probability seen its last days, and Catholics and quasi-Catho-lics probably can net again, or will not, by man's menances and laws, force those to discard their scriptural baptism or have their children sprinkled, who kave in such matters taken God's law as their guide, no further discussion of that phase of the subject is necessary, save to call attention to the fact that these things bear the stamp .of error upon them, because they have been heretofore enforced by civil legislation; truth needs no such support. But with Sunday observance the case is different. The power of civil law is still invoked in its favor. Papists, by their agencies, and Protestants, through the National Reform Association, the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, the third party, and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, are all uniting to enforce the observance of Sunday by civil law. The former are repeating their tactics of the ante-Refor-mation era when they supplanted the Sabbath of Jehovah, honored by Christ and the primitive Christians, by a festival taken from the pagan sun-worshipers. The first Sunday law was that of the pagan Emperor Constantine, who, to save his tottering empire, introduced Christianity as-a State religion. This law given March 7, A. D. 321, began thus : " Let no work be done on the venerable day of the sun," etc. Enforced  idleness in those days, as in ours, was no gain to the Church and community since it produced more of crime and debauchery on Sunday than on any other day. The next step, therefore, was to compel the religious observance of Sunday, and a theory was already extant to meet the ex-igencies, for the great Catholic Father Augustine wrote : " Many must be brought back to the Lord, like wicked servants, by the rod of temporal suffering." (Schaff's Church History.) Of this theory Neander says : " It was by Augustine,. then, that a theory was founded . . . which intro-duced the germ of that whole system of spiritual despotism, . . . which ended in the . . . Inquisition." The en-forcement of Sunday laws by the Church, through the agency of the State, was the beginning of those awful persecutions and atrocious crimes which blackened the his-torical annals of Europe, while American history is also besmirched by persecutions and hardships arising from Sunday laws, as these have been enforced under the Protestant regime. The history of the Augustine age is now repeating itself, with this difference : then pagan and papist formed an alliance, now it is Protestant and papist. The results of those alliances then will be the results now, a European Sabbathlessness. To en-force idleness is one thing; and to take rest voluntarily and in obedience to God's command is quite another; the former may be secured by law, but the more con-sistently such law is enforced, the blacker will Sunday become as a day of crime; the latter has even a better chance of suc-ceeding by gospel methods, if evangelical energy will take the place of ecclesiastical inertia, if ministers, with faith in God and in the regenerating power of his gospel, will persuade men instead of trying to coerce them, then Sabbath observance will stand on its own merits as it did before Constantine's time. It can and must be secured through education and persuasion only, and not by coercion. The gospel persuades men to reverence sacred things from motivesA love, and does not compel them by force, therefore to do by law what ought to be done by the gospel is antichristian. One great weakness about this civil Sabbath observance movement is, that to be consistent with American sentiment and to conciliate those from whom opposi-tion will come, attempts are made to re-move from the " Sabbath Reform " move-ment all religious features, and to seek the enforcement of Sunday on utilitarian, sanitarian; and civil grounds. This is but an entering wedge like Constantine's edict, which to reconcile the pagans, did not con-tain a single Christian sentiment; and Sunday observance, which then had its start, to conciliate the Christian afterward, was fancifully and gratuitously associated with our Lord's resurrection. In the word of President Lincoln; "You can fool all 