THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 53 and probably will be. Then the teachers will have doled out to them, in text-books specially prepared, what they shall teach. It may make no difference to the theological board whether the teacher believes what he is set to teach or not, just so he teaches it, and it may make no difference to the teacher. Some of the teachers may be as indifferent as was the one in Texas, or somewhere else it may be; when asked by the school board whether he would teach that the world is round or flat, he replied it made no odds to him, he would teach round or flat, just as they wished! This whole educational scheme is a piece of fa-natical folly, to say the least. We cannot think just now of better words to express our thought about it. The truth is, no one but a Christian can teach the principles of the Christian religion. One who loves Christ and his truth, and has his Spirit, and only, can teach the principles of his holy religion. Christ never commissioned civil government to teach his gospel, and Mr. Blair and his friends ought to know it. N. J. BOWERS. The Kind of Law Wanted. IN the California Prohibitionist, of December 6, 1888, there appeared an article entitled, "The Sabbath Question," by our friend Rev. N. R. Johnston, in which he discusses the necessity for a Sunday law in California, and tells what kind of a law is wanted. A brief notice of some of his points is eminently in place in the AMERICAN SENTINEL, both because the matter of a Sunday law is now being agitated in this State, and others also, and because Mr. Johnston is one of the original National Reformers, having been one of the secretaries at the first two National conven-tions held by that association, and so he speaks by the book when he discourses about Sunday laws. After bewailing the fact that "California has no law in reference to the Christian Sabbath," Mr. Johnston says:Š " And now it is for the people to say whether we shall have such a law or not. The friends of relig-ion the friends of Christian morality, the friends of temperance, have the power. Will they exercise it? That is the question. To aid in its proper solution, I submit the following fundamental state-ments, in the hope that they will help to prepare the way for proper action in due time; for truth is a strong and safe foundation, on which if we build we are wise:Š "The divine law should be supreme in the State. The people should act on this hypothesis, and in-struct their representatives to frame lawg agreeable to the divine law, and so for the highest good of the whole. "As the Christian Sabbath is a divine institu-tion, and inseparably connected with the Christian religion, and as a State destitute of religion is in danger of dissolution or ruin, if California should continuo to have no Sabbath law, the State and people would be exposed to the greatest peril." We have copied enough so that we cannot be accused of misrepresentation. Now who can read the above, and then deny that what the agitators for a Sunday law desire is a law establishing re-ligion? They wish to establish an institution that they say is "inseparably connected with the Christian religion ;" and since the Christian church and Christian religion are inseparably connected, it certainly follows that to enact Sun-day taws is only to unite Church and State. Even in the face of this, they will probably feebly assert that they don't want a union of Church and State, but what does such an assertion amount to ? We don't care what they call it; the name doesn't  amount to anything; but the reality will be there just as soon as they get what they want. But Mr. Johnston speaks still more plainly. He quotes with approval the declaration of the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union-in favor of a Sunday law, in which' they say:Š " We recommend most strenuous and prayerful efforts in all the States and Territories to secure legislation in harmony with the fourth command-ment." We will not at this time do more than mention the incongruity of asking for a Sunday law "in harmony with the fourth commandment," when that commandment declares that "the seventh day is the Sabbath." It is about as sensible as it would be for the Mormons to ask for a law legal-izing polygamy, " in harmony with the seventh commandment." But, inconsistency aside, take notice that what they want is legislation in har-mony with the fourth commandmentŠas inter-preted by them. In short, they want the State to make and enforce a purely religious law. But says Mr. Johnston:Š " Our aim is not to compel men to keep the Sab-bath holy; but we do ask a law that will be in ac-cordance with the divine law of the fourth com-mandment." Did the gentleman ever read the fourth com-mandment?' If he ever did, he ought to know that the very first clause of that commandment is this: " Remember the Sabbath-day, to keep it holy." A Sabbath that is not kept holy is not in the least in accordance with the fourth command-ment, even though it be the very day that the commandment enjoinsŠthe seventh day. "A law that will be in accordance with the fourth commandment," would be a law (taking their assumption that Sunday is the day enjoined) com-pelling people to keep that day holy, so far as outward action is concerned. And that is just what they do want. They may say that they don't want to compel men to be religious. Of course they don't, for they know very well that that cannot be done. But they do want to compel men to act as though they were religious; and more than that, they want men to act in harmony with their religion. Mrs. Foster said, in the Convention at Washington, that they wanted a law to compel everybody to observe the first day of the week; and another speaker said that the law which they desired would make "Sunday the ideal Sabbath of ' the Puritans, which day shall be occupied only by worship." We warn the people against this scheme. When they tell you that all they want is a "sani-tary arrangement," tell them that you will trust all sanitary arrangements with the board of health. Don't be deceived by their pretensions that they don't want to force religion upon the people. They do wantjust that thing, and they want to enforce a religion of their own manufact-ure. They want, in short, to unite Church and State. The "Breath of the Puritan." THE British colonies in North America were orginated by the scandalous intolerance of a Prot-estant Government. That oppression must have been truly insupportable, which induced a number of sober-minded men, total strangers to that en-thusiasm which is imparted by the spirit of ad-venture, to turn their eyes from the land of their nativity, from the homes which had descended to them from their fathers, to a transatlantic settle-ment, in a region unknown and inhabited by sav-ages. As our non-conformist emigrants braved  the mighty winds and waves of the western ocean, to get beyond the reach of spiritual courts and penal laws, it naturally occurs to us that religious liberty would be the animating principle of their civil institutions. How is this expectation sup-ported by matter of fact? The following are some of the laws made in the dominion of New Haven, one of the general divisions of Connecticut, at its first settlement:Š " No one shall be a freeman, or give a vote, un-less he be converted, and a member in full com-munion of one of the churches allowed in this do-minion." "No man shall hold any office who is not sound in the faith, and faithful to this dominion; and whoever gives a vote to such a person, shall pay a fine of one pound. For a second offense he shall be disfranchised." "Each freeman shall swear by the blessed God, to bear true allegiance to this dominion, a,nd that Jesus is the only king." Ł "No Quaker, or dissenter from the established worship of this dominion, shall be allowed to give a vote for the election of magistrates, or any officer." "No food or lodging shall be afforded to a Quaker, Adamite, or other heretic." " If any person turns Quaker, he shall be ban-ished, and not suffered to return, but upon pain of death." "No priest shall abide in the dominion. He shall be banished, and suffer death on his return. Priests may be seized by anyone without a war-rant." Similar laws were made in several of the Amer-ican States; and they were not made merely to be suspended in terrorem over the heads of the guilty; they actually came down in all their vengeance, on many hapless victims.ŠHistory of Intolerance, by Thomas Clarke. They Know Not. NATIONAL REFORMERS and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union are determined to make this Nation a Christian Nation, with Chris-tian rulers, who will- compel obedience to Chris-tian laws and ordinances. But this is absolutely impossible for two rea-sons: First, a Nation can become Christian only by all the individuals composing it becoming Christians. Christianity is an affair of the heart. It is inwrought into the individual life by repent-ance of sin, and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ. But the Nation is not an individual; it cannot repent or believe. Christianity, being an affair of the heart and conscience, cannot be com-pelled; it is wholly voluntary. Men may be forced to become hypocrites, but not Christians. But legislation is designed to restrain, enforce, compel. Therefore National Reformers cannot, in the very nature of the case, nor can any num-ber with them, make of this Nation a Christian Nation. Secondly, To attempt this in the way they are doing, is unchristian. We read: "But Jesus called them [his disciples] unto him, and said, Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise do-minion over them, and they that are great exer-cise authority upon them. But it shall not be so among you; but whosoever will be great among you, let him be your minister; and whosoever will be chief among you, let him be your servant; even as the Son of man came not to be minis-tered unto, but to minister." Matt. 20‚25-28. "He that saith he abideth in Him, ought himself also so to walk, even as He walked." 1 John 2: 6. " If any man will come after Me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow Me." Matt. 16: 24. "Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus." Phil. 2 :5. We might quote many more passages of the 