300 THi AIVInt3ZICAN SENTTNFL. Sectarian Control. WE here present the section of the proposed constitution of the State of Washington which re-lates to religion in the public schools, with the discussion had upon it at its adoption by the con-stitutional convention :Š Section 4. All schools maintained or supported, wholly or in part, by the public funds shall be forever free from sectarian control or influence. Comegys moved to amend by adding these words: "And no religious exercise or instruction shall be permitted therein; " and argued in favor of that proposition. " Sectarian " had been de-cided by the courts as not prohibiting the reading of the Bible, or prayers. That was not tolera-tion to Jews, Catholics, agnostics, Mohammedans, and several other creeds and sects, who were en-titled to it as much as Protestants, and he would not believe there could be any serious objection to his amendment. Blalock thought the section was broad enough. Comegys asked if Blalock thought that the section would exclude the reading of the Bible, and prayers. Blalock thought it would. Comegys said that if the gentlemen would give him a little time he would bring him decis-ions from several States holding directly opposite opinions. Dyer thought this might exclude religious meetings in school-houses in several districts, but Comegys said "public schools" did not mean " public school-houses." Stiles suggested "religious " for "sectarian," and Comegys agreed. Cosgrove thought this might exclude any teacher from employment who had any decided religious views of his own. He had a running fire of questions from Comegys until T. M. Reed raised a point of order against the colloquy, and then Cosgrove proceeded and finished his re-marks. Sturdevant didift think this would trouble any teacher unless he wanted to teach his views. If there was doubt as to this language, and the chairman of the committee (Blalock) admitted that his committee intended to exclude the Bible and prayers in schools, why not so amend that no doubt could exist as to the meaning of the lan-guage used. Godman didn't see how anything could exclude religious "influence." Christianity and religion were not necessarily identical. A brainy man would have influence over his pupils anyhow. "Control" was all that the constitution could prohibit. Comegys only wanted to prohibit religious ex-ercises in public schools, but was called to order for speaking two or three times on the question. Turner put on the brakes by moving the pre-vious question, and it was ordered. Stiles offered to withdraw his amendment, but Power objected, and Stiles' motion failed on a vote of 20 to 33. Absent and not voting 22. Moore moved to strike out the last two words, "or influence," and roll-call was ordered on that, resulting in failure by ayes 11, nays 39..  The section was agreed to. If the intention is to exclude religious exer-cises, prayers, the reading of the Bible, etc, from the public schools of the State of Washington, it is certain that this section will not accomplish that object unless the State of Washington shall be blessed with judges who have juster views of  things than those have had in the States where the courts have been called upon to pass upon this question. The Supreme Courts of Maine, Massachusetts, and Iowa, and the judge of the Twelfth Circuit of the State of Wisconsin, have all held that the reading of the Bible, and pray-ers, could be conducted in the public schools un-der constitutions containing the same or like pro-visions with this. And the Supreme Court of Massachusetts even went so far as to sustain com-pulsory bowing of the head at time of prayer. Mr. Blalock was chairman of the committee that recommended this section, and as his inten-tion clearly was to exclude all these things, it is singular that he should object to framing the sec-tion so as to say so. Mr. Comegys and Mr. Stiles were clearly right in proposing the word " religious " instead of "sectarian." However, as " the intention of the lawgiver is the law; " and as the intention of these was that religious exer-cises should be excluded; if this intention shall have any weight with the courts of the State, then the schools may be kept clear of religious ,interference. And as section eleven of the Bill of Rights says "that no public money or prop-erty shall be appropriated for, or applied to, any religious worship, exercise, or instruction, it would seem that the public schools of the State of Wash-ington may be kept clear of religious interfer-ence. Yet there is so much judge-made law in this country that it is not safe to trust any con-stitutional provision to intention. If a thing is intended it ought to be stated. The makers of the Washington constitution should have made that section to say what they intend shall be done. A. T. J. That Exception. IN the Christian Statesman of August 1, Rev. M. A..Gault, district secretary of the National Re-form Association and of the American Sabbath Union, gave a report of work in Kansas in be-half of a National Sunday law. He said he " pre-sented the Sabbath movement at a union service of all the Nortonville churches" June 16, then said "There is a Seventh-day Baptist congregation here which exerts an unfavorable influence upon Sabbath observance." Now the petition in which Mr. Gault and the Sunday-law workers ask for a National Sunday law, proposes to exempt from its provisions those rho religiously and regularly observe another day. But Seventh-day Baptists do religiously and reg-ularly observe another day. They observe it much more religiously than nine-tenths of those who keep Sunday, and yet Mr. Gault complains that they exert an unfavorable influence upon Sabbath observance. This shows at a glance all the virtue there is in that proposed exception in the petition. It is only a ruse which is employed to attract the at-tention and allay the opposition of the seventh-day people until the law is secured. Then it will be found at once that all observance of another day exerts an unfavorable influence upon Sabbath observance; and all such unfavorable influences will be speedily checked. For the seventh-day people to consent to any such proposed exceptions as the Sunday-law petition proposes to offer, is to put themselves into the power of the Sunday-law workers and managers. It is to surrender them-selves and all their rights, civil and religious, bodily into the hands of these men. The very kind favors which these men pretend so gener- ously to hold forth in order the more easily to obtain the power which they seek, will be con-sidered in a far different light when they once se-cure the power. In the effort to secure their cov-eted power it is to their interest to allay as far as possible every element of opposition.,:ŁThere is nothing that they hate more than an 'open free discussion of the principles which they advo-cate, but when they shall have secured the power and such opposition is no longer to be 'feared, then any such compromise will be counted by them as only treason to their cause. We think that the seventh-day people are wide enough,,  awake to see this, and if it should be so that any of them are not, then we pity them and confess ourselves disappointed. The truth is that the proposed exception in,  the National Sunday-law petition is one of its very wickedest -features, and those to whom it is offered can never afford to accept it. 3"'.  A. T..J. The State and the -Church. IN the Christian Statesman of August 22, 1889, Mr. John A. Dodd got off some National Reform ' doctrine that is worthy of notice. He says :Š " In due time he (Christ) gave his life a ransom for the eternal salvation of the individual, and for the temporal salvation of the State and the family, neither of which would have been rescued from the Adamie wreck had it not been that God had intended to make use of both in building up his spiritual king-dom, his church in the world. The life of each de-pends absolutely on their attitude to his church. If they do their duty, they will last like the sun; if not, they will be destroyed. ' For the nation and kingdom that will not serve thee (the church) shall perish; yea, those nations shall be utterly wasted.' The destruction of nations can be accounted for only in this light." The principal difficulty with this statement is that it is not true. It does not in any sense ac-cord with the facts. The Roman Empire from Constantine onward was used only for the build-ing up of the church; and in about a hundred and fifty years it was brought to such a condition of immorality and wicked pollution that it had to be blotted out of existence, and that by hordes of utterly savage barbarians; yet who, though savage, were morally less impure than those who composed the Church and State system which they destroyed. After the ruin of the western empire the East-ern empire remained still as the champion, the sup-port, and the builder up of the church. Justinian was the model builder up of the church of the eastern empire. The one grand object of his life was to glorify the church and to see that every-body in the empire was orthodox. It was so with many others beside him, and yet the Mohammed-ans blotted out the last vestige of the Eastern Empire. Charlemagne built up an empire devoted wholly to the service of the church. He "Christianized, or wiped out," people by the thousands in the service of the church. Thus he did his " duty " to the church and constantly expected that his em-pire would last like the sun, but it didn't worth a cent. Afterward, the Holy Roman Empire, which was neither Roman nor holy, was built up to serve the church, and it did it as thoroughly as , that service was ever done, and in its service to the church it set itself against God in the Refor-mation. It too expected to last like the sun, and the cherch promised that it should, but it didn't. It was not, however, only in the Reformation that 