24 THE ANIERICA.N SENTINEL. An-2eFical Bentir2el. OAKLAND, CAL., MARCH, 1886. SOME matter which we hoped to get into this number of the SENTINEL is necessarily laid over for want of room. CERTAIN Christians in Tennessee who keep the seventh day, were indicted for working on Sunday, but the indictments were quashed on technical grounds. The Supreme Court of Ar-kansas has not yet rendered its decision in the cases of those who were convicted for the same offense. Many American citizens are watching these cases with great interest. WE received a kind letter from an Eastern State, the writer requesting us to send the SENTINEL, saying that he had seen the notice in the Statesman, and had for some time thought there was room for such a paper if judiciously edited. We think there is a strong demand for just such a paper, and we shall earnestly strive to make the SENTINEL meet the demand. Both True and Good. THE following very sensible remarks we copy from the Woodland (Cal.) Daily Democrat. It is a pity that at this time Christians and relig-ious papers are required to turn their attention to matters which are not legitimate to their calling:Š " The Sacramento Bee, although a confessedly secular journal, evidently believes in the effi-cacy of prayer. It suggests that the clergy of the Pacific Coast set apart a day of anti-Chi-nese service and prayer. It is doubtful whether this suggestion will be accepted. The purpose of Christianity is to save sinners and to break down the idolatrous customs of the world. The command is to preach the gospel to every creature, with no restriction act in the case of the Chinese. . . . The spirit of rebell-ion which leads to riots is already strong enough without having the voice of the pulpit lend its encouragement. Christianity should be permitted to pursue its own course, and let the secular affairs of the country alone. Politics is sure to prove the bane of religion when they are mixed together. It has ever been the case, that when the church has gone beyond its legitimate sphere, it has been the sufferer." Notices of the Sentinel. IT is not the intention to largely copy notices of the SENTINEL, but we have just received a couple from Illinois which we will copy. The first is from the Sentinel published in Avon, Fulton Co., as follows:Š " We are in receipt of No. 1, Vol. 1, of a paper entitled the AMERICAN SENTINEL pub-lished at Oakland, Cal. This paper is published as the national opposition organ to the 'Re-ligious Amendment Party.' Its motto is Cor-rupted freemen are the worst of slaves.' Let it be remembered that those opposed to a relig-ious political party are not necessarily opposed to Christianity; and further, we hold it as a self-evident truth that they befriend Christian. ity by every blow struck at any movement which has for its object a union of church and State. Any union of church and State ulti-mately results in a complete dethronement of all religious liberty in a nation, and lays foun-dation for the darkest and most despotic an- archy that could be invented. From the com-mencement of Governments, history is rife with such examples of the truth of this, that people should look well where they stand be-fore they join the fanatical cry for a Christian crusade in the shape of a political party." Truth, every word. But the following re-minds us of a certain critic, who said be never read a book which he reviewed, because read-ing it was apt to prejudice him, and hinder a free criticism. It is from a notice of the SEN-TINEL which we find in the Morris Daily News. It is evidently written without prejudice; for the writer certainly never read a single article in the SENTINEL :Š " We have received the first number of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, published at Oakland, Cal. It is published in the interest of the 'Na-tional Reform Association,' and is an organ of what is popularly known as the 'Religious Amendment Party,' because it is endeavoring to secure a religious amendment to the Consti-tution of the United States. Its object is to put God in the Constitution." Well, that is discouraging Religion in Politics. NONE of the present generation, in this land, are better qualified to judge of the influence of amalgamating religion and politics than we are. We passed through one campaign in Cal-ifornia where the only question at issue between the parties was one of religion; and we know that none watched the effect more closely and with greater interest than than we did. At that tie (1882) California had a Sunday law. In fact, she had two. One in the Civil Code, which made Sunday a legal holiday; the other in the Penal Code, under the head of "offenses against religion," in which Sunday was called "the Christian Sabbath." The latter only was in question. The issue was forced into politics by certain religionists who demanded, not only the rigid enforcement of the Sunday law, but that a more stringent law should be enacted; and they resolved to vote for no one, of any party, who would not pledge himself to carry out their, demands. The Democratic party met this demand by opposing the law, and "all laws intended to restrain or direct a free and full exercise by any citizen of his own religious and political opinions, so long as he leaves oth-ers to enjoy their rights unmolested," and de-manded in turn the repeal of the then existing law. The Republican convention, evidently thinking thereby to attract the full vote of the churches, resolved in its favor. No other issue of any interest was made between the parties, and thus the strife began. Such a campaign was probably never before known in American politics, and we earnestly hope we shall never see another. Newspaper editors who were never suspected of having any leanings toward religion suddenly became very religious! The deepest party rancor was manifested, and the most bitter epithets were bestowed, in the most approved religious-polit-ical style. And we noticed that the malignity of spirit was mostly shown by those papers which were so suddenly converted into religio-political journals. As a specimen of this kind of "Christian " literature, we copy the follow-ing:Š " The whole moral forces of the common-wealth, from center to circumference, have been aroused to furious indignation,Šnot only all the church people, but all others who sym-pathize with them, all who have sprung from the loins of Christian women and been baptized on the Christian Sabbath,Šand he who expects to be elected on such a damnable platform, es-pecially in this county, is no less than an un-reasoning fool. In this Cain-like resentment against mankind, J  T has kindled a veritable religious war as vehement in its spirit as ever flamed in the glens of Scotland. Since the conflict has been begun by the powers of darkness, let the fighting go on, and the forces continue to be arrayed in solid phalanx; the churches against the gin-mills; Sunday-schools against the brew-houses; Christian women against the destroyers of their households; morality against vice; God against the devil. The former may lose the battle on the Barbary Coast and other confines of hell; but elsewhere, as sure 'as the great stone was rolled away from the door of the sepulcher on the morning of the first day of the week, the honor of Cal-ifornia civilization shall be redeemed." What a climax! And what a Christian spirit! But it was common in those days for those Christian politicians to call their opponents heretics, infidels, and atheists. And it was well said that "the movement presents an in-congruous mixture of politics and religionŠpolitics merely for victory, and religion without reverence." It was indeed a "religious war," fortunately of short duration; and fortunately the people rebuked this frenzied zeal, and what followed ? Not one of those editors had a word to say in behalf of religion after election. By their "daily walk and conversation" you could not have told them from the veriest "her-etics" in the land. This is our observation of religion and poli-tics. And if party religious strife raged so bit-terly in one short campaign, what might we not expect to see if it were to be repeated in every campaign ? Heaven save our country from such a calamity, and Christianity from such a disgrace! It is due to the reader to explain that the ex-pression in the above extractŠ" the churches against the gin-mills" was a sheer deception, for the question of temperance was not in-volved. The temperance people repudiated the platform, and adopted one of their own. The issue was the Sunday, and the Sunday only; and it was in its behalf that this semi-religious furor was raised. And we promise to do all in our power to warn the people of the danger of suffering religion to be mixed with politics in this country. Christianity needs no such alli-ance. It depends for its support on the loving spirit and peaceable lives of its professors, and is always injured by the frenzied zeal of worldly-minded advocates. Ł THE AMERICAN' SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOITRNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. TERMS. Smut Con, per year,  50 cents. To foreign countries, single 'subscriptions, post- paid - Ł Ł Ł - - - 2s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. 