298 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the right as much in the one case as in the other. This right of relieving oppressed humanity is claimed only where the power of giving such "relief" is vastly greater than the power that can be summoned to oppose it. The right is claimed only where there is the might and because of the might. And this being so, upon what other basis does the proceeding rest than that "Might makes right" ? But however easily one nation may subdue another Šhowever much a weak people may excite the contempt and derision of a stronger power because of their military incapacity, it remains true that might does not make right, and that the side of right is the only strong side in the end. No nation, the United States not excepted, can de-part from the side of right without fatally weakening itself. Religious Hatred the Source of Persecution. THE Lutheran Observer, from which we copy the following, sees plainly that religious hatred has been the source of the great persecutions of past times, but is not so conscious of the truth that religious hatred is active in our own day, and seeks to-day the same methods of revenge. The Observer says:Š "The crucifixion of Christ was the supreme illustra-tion of religious persecution in the annals of the human race. The hatred of the Scribes and Pharisees which prompted the stupendous crime was so intense and ma-lignant that it scrupled not to violate any lawŠJewish, Roman or divineŠto accomplish its purpose. Christ himself characterized their hatred of him as diabolical. He declared to them: 'Ye are of your father the devil, and the lust of your father ye will do. He was a mur-derer from the beginning and abode not in the truth.' And yet, paradoxical as it appears, the hatred of the Scribes and Pharisees against Christ was a religious hatred. They were the orthodox rulers of the Jewish synagogue or church. As the highest officials of the synagogue, they were the special custodians of religion among the Jews; and their hatred and persecution of Christ grew out of their zeal for their religion. They were the 'conservatives' of that day, and they opposed Jesus because the spirit of his teachings rebuked their false professions and hypocrisy. "There are many instances of this religious hatred persecution, and crime in the history of the church and the world. Indeed, many of the most atrocious crimes that darken the history of the race were of this charac-ter. Christ rebuked the Pharisees because they mani-fested the spirit of their fathers, who killed the prophets whom God sent to them; and yet they honored the very prophets whom their fathers slew, and garnished their sepulchers. "The persecutions of the Roman Catholic ChurchŠthe atrocities of the Inquisition, the massacre of St. Bartholomew, and the countless other crimes in her historyŠwere perpetrated in the name of religion. The  reformers of successive ages who sought to purify the churchŠWickliffe, Waldo, Savonarola, Huss, Luther, Zwingli, and many othersŠwere persecuted, imprisoned, tortured, and some martyred for declaring the truth of God. This has been, in a greater or less degree, the experience of God's reformers and the heralds of his truth in all ages. Those who dared to expose the false teach-ings and corruptions in the church were denounced, calumniated, and persecuted by the 'conservative' and orthodox representatives of religion in their day. "But religious intolerance and persecution have not been confined to the Roman Catholic Church. The same spirit has often been manifested in the Protestant churches, but not carried out with the same extreme and cruel methods, because the methods of punishing 'here-tics' or 'dissenters' from the customs or doctrines of orthodox churches have been changed in successive ages, and they can no longer, in civilized countries, be im-prisoned, tortured, or burned at the stake, as formerly. But under the same intolerant and persecuting spirit in Protestant churches, they were misrepresented, de-nounced, imprisoned, or expelled from their churches." Recent events however have shown with ghastly distinctness that people can be tortured and burned at the stake in civilized countries, even in the United States. It is only necessary that the spirit of hatred and revenge be roused to a sufficient degree of intensity. Individuals recently burned at the stake in this country were not tortured and burned for religious reasons; but it is to be remembered that the spirit of hatred is never more fiercely roused than in controversies over religion, and religious animosity has ever carried people to the great est lengths of inhumanity. The fact that the time has come when in civilized lands people are again tortured and burned at the stake, may be accepted as good evi-dence that the time has come when religious persecution is ready to be revived in its worst form. In no age of the world, according to the instructions of Christ himself, were his followers to count on faring better at the hands of their enemies than he did at the hands of his enemies. As it was with the Master, so was it to be with the servants. It need not be thought strange, therefore, that a revival of religious persecution should occur at the close of the nineteenth century. Ax exchange says: "The Sunday opening of the Bri-tish Museum shows that the London public has taken the fullest advantage of it. Statistics prove that the number of visitors has been greater per hour on Sunday than on week days. On Sunday the museum is open for three and one-half hours. On week days for eight hours. Relative to the Sunday opening of libraries, the late Vin-cent Stuckey Lean, who bequeathed £50,000 to the trus-tees of the British Museum and the same amount to the-corporation of Leeds for the expansion of their libraries and reading rooms, advised that the libraries be keptŁ  open a part of Sunday. But he did not insist that it was a condition attached to his bequests." 