JANUARY 4, 1894. .A.mamarcAN 7 embarrassment ? Tell us, if the Catholic Church has not changed and cannot change, how this church is going to unite in these congresses unless there is that there which is distinctly Catholic ? When-ever Catholics have been invited to take part in such gatherings have they com-promised any principle in so doing ? Never ! Cardinal Gibbons, when he was invited to make the opening prayer at the Parliament of Religions, said, " I fol- lowed the Catholic form, and stipulated that I should do so in advance. I could not have done otherwise, because there was a principle involved." But in what thing will Catholics cooperate with non-Catholics ? In the Baltimore meeting of Catholic laymen it was said, " We should seek alliance with non-Catholics for proper Sunday observance." Why will they do this ? Will they violate any principle in so doing ? Read this statement from the Mirror of September 23, 1893:Š The Christian Sabbath is therefore to this day the acknowledged offspring of the Catholic Church as spouse of the Holy Ghost, without a word of remon-strance from the Protestant world. This statement occurs in a series of arti-cles that appeared in the Catholic Mirror last September, in which it was shown conclusively that " the claims of Protes-tantism to any part therein [that is, in Sunday as a Christian institution] proved to be groundless, self-contradictory, and suicidal." Thus it is seen that this very institution that professed Protestantism is cherishing so dearly is an institution of the papacy and they do not deny it. And as we see the Government " warming " this child of the papacy because of the demands of the Church people for the furtherance of their aims, we say to the Statesman again, "Thou hast said," when it did say, "The Government that is warming the papacy is warming a viper that will some day sting it to the heart," and "let the Amer-ican people say to this foe of human lib- erty, ' hands off ! ' " R. D. HOTTEL. Ł More Antagonistic Societies. AN organization known as " The Society of Liberty and Loyalty" is coming into prominence in the city of Denver, Colo., "called into existence by the growth of the American Protective Association," the purpose 'of which is stated to be "diametrically opposite to that of the proscriptive order." " The intention," says the Rocky Mountain News, "is to centralize the American idea of freedom and equal rights to all," in opposition to " the un-American idea of bigotry mas-querading under the name of religion." If, by " the American idea of freedom and equal rights to all " is meant the idea which prevailed in forming the Constitu-tion of the United States, the " intention " is a good one; but it cannot possibly be carried out by taking and keeping an oath to uphold the laws of Colorado, as each member of this society is required to do, or by pursuing a course based upon the first principle in the declaration of princi-ples set forth by the society, as will appear from further consideration. What was once "the American idea of freedom and equal rights to all" is fast becoming " the un-American idea of bigotry mas-querading under the name of religion "Š"National Reform,"Šfrom which the laws of even Colorado itself are not free. It is not to be supposed the American. Protective Association will  claim for itself perfection; but even granting that it were as bad as this new-fangled thing would make it appear, it can hardly be believed that its openly avowed hostility to the Catholics in politi-cal circles is more dangerous to "freedom and equal rights to all," than is the result of the insinuating methods used by the National Reform Association. Now, as the National Reformers them-selves assert, nearly every State in the Union has a law forbidding common labor on Sunday. The work of National Re-formers is to enforce these laws, which is nothing less than abridging the freedom and equal rights of those whose religious belief leads them to observe another day of the week than the first. And the pres-ident of this new sort of liberty and loy- alty is himself a zealous advocate of Sun-day laws. The first article in the declaration of principles of the Society of Liberty and Loyalty, is as follows:Š We believe that all persons should be protected in their right to worship God after the dictates of their own conscience. as long as that worship is not in the nature of a violation of the Constitution and laws of the land. If the Society of Liberty and Loyalty would eliminate the last clause of this article,Šwhich limits man's right to wor- ship God after the dictates of his own con-science, to its not conflicting with the laws of the land,Ševery liberty-loving citizen could subscribe to it; for this right does not depend upon the Constitution and laws of the land, and the only limitation it has is to respect the same right in others. If the laws themselves proscribe the freedom and equal rights of citizens, they ought not to be supported. And, since laws do exist abridging the freedom and equal rights of citizens, as befor® proved, the Society of Liberty and Loy- alty, by subscribing to the first article of their declaration of principles, bind them-selves to do just the opposite of what is avowed to be their intention to do. Again, in the first paragraph of file oath, the members swear to uphold by word and act the laws of Colorado. One of the laws of this State reads:Š Any person who shall hereafter knowingly disturb the peace and good order of society, by labor or amuse-ment, on the first day of the week. commonly called Sunday (works of necessity and charity excepted), shall be fined, on conviction thereof, in any sum not exceeding fifty dollars. By upholding this law the Society of Liberty and Loyalty gives support to " bigotry masquerading under the name of religion," to oppose which is the stated intention of its founders. The intention may be sincere, and is certainly com-mendable; but the intenders either are not aware of the existence of such a law on the statute book of their State, or else entirely ignore it. Whichever it be, both the declaration of principles and the oath are inconsistent with the published inten-tion of the society, and are weak weapons with which to oppose "bigotry masquer-ading under the name of religion." The Society of Liberty and Loyalty needs to revise its declaration of principles and to stand on a broader platform before it can hope to oppose successfully the American Protective Association or any similar organization. W. E. HOWELL. Pf PRISON LIGHT active ere.  aWg ae tt ss Good pay. 15c. Trial year. Indorsed by SENTINEL. Particulars free, MYERS, PRISON LIGHT, Newfane, Vt, Religion and the Public Schools. IP the State provides any education, it must be secular only. If the people are taxed for public schools, the instruction in them must be wholly secular. The Boston Congregationalist expresses the hope that "the religious character of the nation will rise to so high a level that it will be felt to be necessary that every child in the land should be impressed, as an essential part of his education, with a sense of his personal responsibility to God and the supreme importance of obedience to God." It thinks, apparently, that when that elevation is reached no one will object' to religious education in the public schools. But what is this "personal responsibility" and in what consists this "obedience "? The answer involves the differences which divide opinions variously and radically. They are the differences which separate Protestantism from Roman Catholicism, and split up Protestantism into so many opposing camps. Every church exists simply because it believes that obedience to God requires its specific doctrine. Hence the public school system cannot continue except as a purely secular sys-tem. It cannot undertake to settle the vexed question of what obedience. to God is. It must steer clear of all religious disputes, and to do so it must steer clear of religion altogether. The more earnest the religious convictions of people are, the more impossible is it for them to agree on an eclectic religious education. Each party wants nothing except its own under-standing of obedience to God inculcated. ŠNew York Sun. Sunday Organization in India. THERE is in India an organization known as the " Lord's Day Union," the object of which is to further in all practicable ways the observance of Sunday as a day of rest. It seeks to prevent all unnecessary labor on that day, having, of course, as an ulti-mate object the use of the Sabbath in. a Christian way. It is a striking fact that applications are now coming for member-ship in this society from large numbers of non-Christian natives, so that the society is seriously perplexed. Of course it would like the aid of all men of all faiths in the prevention of unnecessary toil on the Lord's day, and yet it cannot afford to lose its distinctive Christian character as basing its obligation to observe the day upon divine authority. But it is a signifi-cant fact that Hindus and Mohammedans and Parsees recognize so clearly the value of the Christian Sabbath.ŠMissionary Herald. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. Russia leather, for 2 pens 41 << 3 Sealskin, 2 3 Russia leather, for 4 " Sealskin, 4 " Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City, No. 1. No 2. No. 3. No. 4. No. 5. No. 6. 10c. 15c. 15c. 25c. 25c. 40c. 