NEW YORK, AUGUST 4, 1898. NUMBER 30. VOLUME 13. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MT WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. IT is never right to deny rights. THE human race cannot legislate it self above itself. To DENY the rights of on e individual, is to deny the rights of all. THE more fighting there is done in the world, the more of it there seems to remain to be done. THE worst form of depen-dence Šthe far-thest from true independence Šis to be depend-ent on sin for your enjoy-ment. L E m govern-ment guard the interests of the individual, and the interests of the masses will take care of themselves. THE trouble with legislation as a lifting force, is that it has to use the earth as a fulcrum; consequently it can elevate nothing on the earth. THERE is no more need of human legislation to enforce the law of God than there was for Uzzah of old to put forth his hand to steady the ark of God, for which he was immediately struck dead. THE "STATE CONSCIENCE" vs, THE INDIVIDUAL CONSCIENCE, Must the individual conscience give way to the " State conscience," expressed by act of the legislature? A large religious element in this country boldly says that it must. At the hearing before Congress on the bill for a religious amendment to the Constitution, in 1896, Dr. David McAllister, its champion, said: "Here is the nation, which gives its decision according to its sense of right and wrong. That is the national conscience, and when the nation thus gives its decision, . . the individual conscience must yield to the conscience of the whole people." This religious party are trying hard to become conscience for " the whole people," and to secure legislation which will recognize their views as the nation's "sense of right and wrong." THE amazing unselfishness of God is revealed in the words spoken by him to sinful manŠ"Receive ye the Holy Ghost." IN ancient times men used to worship gold when it was made into a molten or a graven image. To day they have so far degenerated that they worship it in the crude state in which it is taken from the earth. THE Consci-ence of but a single individ-ual may have all the author-ity and power of Omnipotence behind it. "THE state conscience" i s one of many names by which despotish seeks to hide his iden-tity from the public. NO MAN was ever able to "kill time," but in trying to do so, a good many men have suc-ceeded in kill-ing themselves. THE person who goes out of the pathway of God's law to gain time, is quite apt to lose eternity as the result. 