422 AMERICAN SENTINEL. not take so limited a view of truth when he struck the shackles from the slave, yet a generation afterward we find public sentiment in the South justifying thelynching of the black man and the denial of all his civil rights under the form of law; we find public sentiment in the North justifying the conquest of the brown men of the Philippines; and we find the nations of the earth scram-bling in indecent haste to divide the great domain of the yellow men of China. Race prejudice is nowhere more powerful than in the United States, and this is in utter conflict with the Declaration. As for the claims put forward in China and the Philippines in the noire of Christianity and civil-ization, it is time to realize that these terms are but a cloak for commercial schemes which aim at the exploita-tion of Asia for gain. An Anglo-American alliance would only preserve the peace of the world when it suited the traders of the two nations to abstain from war. When our British friends insist on joining us in celebrating the Fourth of July, it is time to ask ourselves whether it is not because we have departed from the ideas underlying the observance, that it has ceased to wound the nation whose pride was humbled in so memorable a way by the deeds which followed the Declaration. LibertyŠfor white men onlyŠ:that is the present-day limitation placed on the broad words of Jefferson. Have white men all the liberty to which they are en-titled in this nation, founded on the principle of equal rights? Have we equality of opportunity to earn a liv-ing, and thereby to acquire the means on which "the pursuit of happiness" is so largely founded? Have we equality of educational privileges? Have we true equal-ity before the law? Have we equality as citizens, except in theory? Does the poor man count for as much as the rich man, irrespective of individual talent or attain-ments? If any or all of these questions must be answered in the negative, then the pro lems that will confront the United States of America atfithe dawn of the twentieth century will not be easy of solution, if we are to live up to the high ideals of those who laid the foundations of the Republic. HOLDING the Philippine Islands against the will of their inhabitants involves a new departure in govern-ment. I do not want as part of this nation, people who cannot read the Declaration of Independence. The doc-trine of force lies behind, not in front of us. The expan-sion argument is the argument oltleorge Shall we say, on this day of celebration, that we have lived one hundred years under a wrong principle? No. Some say, take the Bible in one hand and a gun in the other. Thank God, I am not in favor of this way of Christianizing.Š W. J. Bryan, July 4. PATRIOTISM does not mean Pat-riotism. Paganism and Sunday. "Present Truth." (London, Eng.) THE Church Family Newspaper of June 16 contains the following bit of information appropriate to the season:Š "The near approach to Midsummer Day calls to mind the fact that that day and the preceding eve, now dedicated to St. John the Baptist, have been regarded as a holy season even from remote pagan times. There seems to be little doubt that one custom which was observed in our own time, and may be still in remote parts of Ireland and ScotlandŠthat of lighting fires on the hills on Midsummer EveŠhas come down to us from the time when the sun-god Bel, or Baal, was worshiped in these islands. Such fires were common over the greater part of EuropeŠfrom the cold borders of Lap-land to the Levant." The same custom is continued till the present time in Norway and Sweden, where Midsummer Day is quite a holiday. In connection with the foregoing, the follow-ing from the same paper, with regard to Stonehenge in Salisbury Plain, fits very well:Š "There is now no doubt of the character of this mighty ruin. Baal worship was at one time almost the universal religion, and this was one of its great temples. It was oriented so that the rays of the rising sun at midsummer should fall upon its sacred altar. It would be rash to guess its age, for it may be older than the time of Elijah. Very little is known of the religious teaching of the Druids, but they were believed to have been Baal, that is, sun-worshipers. . . . Sixty years ago I heard boys sing in the streets a song which is a portion of a Druidical hymn to the rising sun. In Eng-lish it sounds like nonsense, and they had no idea what they were saying; it was a wonderful survival of pagan Britain, and Elijah may have heard this chorus, sung by the priests of Baal, three thousand years ago. In one or two remote parts Łof Britain, the custom of com-memorating the triumph of the sun on June 21 still continues, with dancing and bonfires. The peasants are probably innocent of the origin of their custom." Many other people are observing pagan customs, wholly ignorant of their origin, thinking indeed that they are Christian because "the church" bas adopted them and sanctions them. How many realize the con-nection between'Christmas and Midsummer Day? The observance of the latter is admitted to be solely of pa-gan origin. Sun-worshipers celebrated it as the day of the greatest triumph of their god, the day on which the sun was longest and highest above the horizon. Just six months later, after a period of progressive daily decrease of sunshine, when the sun seemed to be going away, they celebrated the time of the beginning of its return, its birth, as they called it. Now when the bishops of the early church, more anxious to secure a large following than to win men from the superstitions of paganism, saw how firmly the heathen were wedded to these su -festivals,they resolved 