272 C A.N SN9L''XINTIEL VoL. 11,--  No. 34. NEW YORK, AUGUST 27, 1896. W.  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE more the clergy have to say about politics, the less what they have to say about anything will be respected by the people. WANTEDŠ(by advocates of the politico-religious theory) a political gospel, and a political Saviour. Until someone is able to point us to these, we shall continue to advocate the separation of politics from relig-ion. IT was Andrew Jackson who said, " There are no necessary evils in government, its evils exist only in its abuses." True; "for rulers," in their legitimates sphere, " are not a terror to good works, but to the evil." ONE reason why Russia refuses religious liberty to her subjects, it is said, is that were religious liberty to be granted, the State Church would at once crumble to dust. This reveals what union of Church and State does for the Church. As will be seen from the article, " Slavery Under the British Flag," on page 267, there is not so wide a gulf between that practice and modern civilization as might be supposed. Questions of principle often become much obscured by consideration of expediency, where pecuniary advantage is at stake. It is this that led to the imposition of the opium traffic upon protesting but helpless China, by which many of that nation are reduced to slavery in its worst form. It is the love of money that perpetuates virtual slavery in the ranks of labor in our own land. THE Catholic Review, of August 8, calls attention to the fact that there is occasion for Protestants to " sweep before the door of Protestantism" in the matter of oppressive marriage laws. It will be remembered that the chief point of complaint raised by the Methodist ministers who appealed to the pope in behalf of Protestants in South America, was that the laws of Ecuador and Peru did not recognize any marriage ceremony as valid unless performed by a Catholic priest. It appears that the Jew is under very much the same disability in Protestant Prnssia. The Review cites the case of a Jew named Isaac Flatto, who was married in Prussia about eight years ago by a Jewish rabbi. " Shortly afterwards," says that journal, "they came to the United States and settled at Pottstown, Pa. They have four children. About two years ago, Flatto deserted his wife, went to  Baltimore and ' married' Jennie Sindlehr, on Sept. 15, 1895. The wife heard of the bigamy and instituted proceedings against her unfaithful husband." But it transpired that his first marriage was " not legal," because " in Prussia, since Oct. 1, 1874, a marriage can be legally con-tracted only before an officer of the State." So said the German ambassador at Washing-ton, and " hence," he added, " a marriage ceremony performed after that date by a Jewish rabbi is void and has no legal conse-quences whatever." The Review therefore suggests that a petition be sent " to Emperor William, the head of the Protestant Church in Germany, to grant religious liberty to the Jews of Prussia." We would remind the Catholic Review, however, that it is only adherence to a papal principle that makes Emperor William the " head of the Protestant Church in Prussia;" and hence the petition would be as much against the'Papacy in the one case as In the other. THE World (N. Y.) of August 17, prints a dispatch from Vineland, N. J., dated the 16th, which states that " at the Malaga camp meeting this afternoon the Rev. D. H. King, D. D., of Vineland, created a sensation by denouncing in strong terms our gold stand-ard.' He has usually voted the Republican ticket, and his utterances were a great sur-prise." The incident only serves to point out the fact that on political questions minis-ters, as well as other persons, are bound to differ, and their differences when brought to the surface in pulpit discourses, are sure to promote discord in the church. A MORE terse statement of the designs of the National Reformers and incidentally of the mis-sion of the AMERICAN SENTINEL was never writ-ten than that contained in this from the Sen-tinel Library of April 15, 1889: "The success of the National Reform movement will be the destruction of the dearly-bought principle of American liberty; the destruction of the ines-timable treasure of American citizenship, and the destruction of every principle of the rights of conscience under the Government of the United States. And because of this we labor for the defense of the genius of American in-stitutions." These words were true of Na-tional. Reform and of this paper in 1889, and they are equally true of both to-day. WHEN any person assumes to speak as a minister of the gospel, he should present what he has to say from the standpoint of the gos-pel, and no other. There can be no objec-tion to his touching upon any question, pro-vided he does so from this standpoint. But there is a vast difference between this stand-point and that of the politician or other sec-ularist, as concerns the presentation of any matter, for the reason that the gospel is always " the power of God onto salvation" from sin, and from the standpoint of the gos- pel, the presentation of ,a,ny duty must always include the presentation of God's power to enable the individual to perform it. The politician can say, "Thou shalt not steal;" but that is not gospel unless there is connected with it the truth of the power of God freely given and received through faith in his word to keep the individual from stealing. And this truth must be presented by the represen-tative of Jesus Christ. The politician as such cannot do it. And it is a sad spectacle that is seen when a minister of the gospel, pro-fessing to speak from the standpoint of the gospel, leaves the truth of the power of God out of his subject, or chooses a subject of dis-course with which the thought of the power of God unto salvation can have no proper connection. A SURVEY of the religious field in Germany, according to a writer in the Paris Revue, dis-covers 31,000,000 nominal Protestants, to 17,000,000 Catholics. The province of Bran-denberg appears to have treasured up more carefully than any others the spirit of the Reformation. Hamburg and Berlin are de-scribed as "spiritual cemeteries." The pres-ent emperor, it is said, " was so impressed, on his accession to the crown, with the prevail-ing decay of religion, that he decided to build forty new churches at the expense of the State." The decay of religion, however, is a result of that very Church-and-State union of which the emperor availed himself in defray-ing the expenses of his "forty new churches." The idea that piety can be promoted by a lib-eral use of brick and mortar, at the expense of people who take no interest in the work, is quite in harmony with the theory upon which Church-and-State union rests; but it is en-tirely contrary to the teaching of Christianity. SUNDAY, Aug. 16, the Rev. Dr. MacAr-thur, of Calvary Baptist Church, this city, edified(?) his church congregation with a po-litical discourse in which he likened the Dem-ocratic candidate for the Presidency, W. J. Bryan, to Absolom, the renegade son of David. The SENTINEL has nothing to say concerning the merits of either side of the political controversy; but it would point out that common courtesy, to say nothing of Christianity, utterly condemns a comparison so manifestly unjust. It is the least that cour-tesy demands, that a man who devotes his time to the advocacy of a political principle, be credited with honest motives in so doing, at least until there is clear evidence to the contrary. Dr. MacArthur is in this not do-ing anything to help the cause of Christianity. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Entered at the New York Post-Office. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00 Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. 