74:— AIVIIMEtICAN VOL. 10, No. 10. kings a the earth has not been " love," but hate.; not " joy," but sorrow Ł not " peace," but war; not " long-suffering," but swift and merci-less vengeance; not "gentleness," but satanic ferocity ; not " goodness," but wickedness; not " faith," but infidelity; not " meekness," but arrogance; not " temperance," but drunken-ness, made more " drui*en with the blood of the saints." Why They Do Not Protest. And now the question: Do not the popular Protestant churches know that these things are so ? Then knowing- them, why do they not join with the AMERICAN SENTINEL and Seventh-day Adventists in saying so. Why do they not with one voice denounce the en-croachments of the papal church on the American Republic ? Why have the few criticisms that they have ventured to offer been so cautiously written, so tame and colorless ? Why did they not boldly denounce the pope's plain condemnation of the principle of separa-tion of Church and State ? Why did they not deny and denounce the statement that the church in "addition to liberty" should enjoy the "favor of the laws and the patronage of the pub-lic authority"? Ah, there is a good reason why they did not. They live in glass houses and are afraid to throw stones. In plain English, they want the very thing that the pope wants, and are, and have been working with might and main to secure it, and therefore to con-demn the pope's position was to condemn their own; to condemn the pope was to condemn themselves. Have not the popular Protestant churches united in demanding the "favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority " in support of the church dogma of Sunday sacred-ness ? And have they not invited the Roman Catholic Church to aid them in securing this demand ? Yes, they have, and the invitation was quickly accepted by " Babylon the great, the mother of harlots," for she knew that the aforetime daughters of the Reformation were compromising themselves in this demand, were violating the Protestant principle of com-plete separation of Church and State, and were taking the side of the papacy; and she knew that such a course would effectually close their mouths against similar demands of the " mother church." She knew that after they had compromised themselves, should they dare to utter a protest against her enjoying the " favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority," charging that such a condi-tion was spiritual fornication with the Govern-ment, she could say, If I am the " mother of harlots " because I demand the " favor of the laws and the patronage of the public author-ity " in order to bring forth " more abundant fruits," you are my daughters because you have demanded and obtained the same thing. And, just as she anticipated and just as we expected, there are a few Protestants who themselves compromised in this matter, now have 'the hardihood to criticise their mother. And just as we expected she now replies to them in substance, "You are another."  How She Silences Them. The Catholic Times, of Philadelphia, thus replies to one of these critics, and the Catholic Mirror reprints the 'reply in its issue of Feb. 16 :Š He [Pope Leo XIII.] maintains that the action of the church would be more efficacious, if, along with this liberty, she enjoyed the favor of the laws and the patronage of public authority. Here he passes from an actual condition,  to a theory and refers to an ideal condition. His reference is perfectly correct. Are not the laws regarding Sunday observance a concession to Christian demands ? The editor of the Monitor, a Roman Cath-olic paper of San Francisco, in his issue of Feb. 16, after quoting the pope's words, "But  she would bring forth more abundant fruits if in addition to liberty, she enjoyed the favor of the laws and the patronage of public author-ity," proceeds to silence the compromised Prot- estants who criticised the f' holy mother church," *ith the 'following retort:Š This truism is acted upon every day by those preach-ers and by those societies who are seeking for legislation for the better observance of the Sunday. It is with these hard facts-  that the Roman Catholic Church is able to silence the puny protests from compromised Protestantism. No wonder the leading prelates of the Catholic Church helped the apostate Protestant churches to secure a Sunday closing law from Congress. They knew that by such means they would compromise Congress and close the mouths of these Protestants against papal encroachments. The game was successful and popular Protes-tantism has become particeps criminis in the ruin of the American principle of separation of Church and State, and cannot protest against the encroachments of Rome without confessing her own guilt. However, Seventh-day Adventists and the AMERICAN SENTINEL protested against the iniquity of the whole thing, and are now free to expose the encroach-ments of Rome,.and they are doing it and will do it. And now we say to the honest, conscientious Christians in the Roman Catholic Church, and there are many of them, and to the con-sistent Protestant Christians in the Roman-ized, compromised daughters of the Reforma-tion, to both we say in the language of God's Word, " Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen." " For all nations live drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her." " Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that yeŁ receive not of her plagues. For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities." Rev. 18: 2, 3, 4, 5, PERSECUTION IN LONDON. THE Pall Mall Gazette, of February 14, contains the following account of the fining of Mr. John Gibson, of London, a Seventh-day Adventist, for permitting work to be done on Sunday in the printing office of which he is manager:Š Tract Society's Sunday Labor. ON A MATTER OF CONSCIENCE. The International Tract Society, of 451 Holloway road, which carries on a letterpress printing business, was summoned at Clerkenwell police court for having employed two females and one male young person on Sunday, January 27. Mr. John Gibson, secretary of the society, appeared in answer to the summons, and from his statement of defense it appeared that the society, a Christian institution, was established for the purpose of bringing about the recognition of Sat-urday as the Sabbath, or seventh day, in accordance with the biblical law. They gave a half-holiday on Fridays, and closed their premises on Saturday; and contended that they were doing all the law required. This was a matter of conscience with them. Some forms were given them by the factory inspector to fill up, but they only provided for members of the Jewish faith, and they were not Jews. Mr. Bros said the society would have to obey the law, and to say this was a matter of conscience was no excuse. He im-posed fines and costs, amounting to 78s. [$19.00]. Mr. Gibson said he could not conscientiously pay the fine. Mr. Bros said the fine could be recovered by distress; but, no doubt, the directors of the society would see that the law was likely to be too strong for them. Seventh-day Adventists have for many years, by Łpulpit and press, taught ,that the enforce-ment of Sunday observance, especially upon those who observe the Bible Sabbath (Satur-day), would become universal. This teaching was based on the " sure word of prophecy. The State of Arkansas began this persecti don, and has been followed by Tennessee; ,Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts and Florida, in the  United States; Canada, on the north; Ger-many, Switzerland, Norway, and England in Europe; and lastly, by the island continent, Australia. In none of these- cases have the Seventh-day Adventists disturbed the public or private worship of anyone; in none of these have they violated the Golden Rule. It therefore follows that these prosecutions are nothing short of persecutions and a fulfill-ment of the scripture of Rev. 12:17, which reads: " The dragon was wroth with the woman [the Church], and went to make war with the remnant of her seed [the last Church, or the Church in the last days], which keep the commandments of God, and have the tes-timony of Jesus Christ." THE SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTIST GENERAL CONFERENCE. WE have in the past said much in these columns about the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists in this and other countries, by means of Sunday laws; and it may not be amiss to give a short pen sketch of their thirty-first General Conference which was in session in Battle Creek, Mich. from February 14 to March 4. The meetings were held in their large tabernacle, which is heated by steam and lighted by electricity, and capable of seating 2,500 people. The delegates to the conference numbered only about one hundred and twenty-five, but the main auditorium was comfortably filled at every meeting, and at the evening services the tabernacle, with its vestries and galleries, was literally packed. In this conference were men from almost every State and Territory in the American Union; from Canada, from Germany, from England, from France, from Scandinavia, from Turkey, from South Africa, from South America, and from the islands of the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. There were men who have suffered imprisonment for their faith, in Russia, in Switzerland, in Turkey, and in several of our American States (the details of which have been told in these columns from time to time). Seventh-day Adventists are not an unor-ganized band of unpractical and visionary fanatics, but have as complete and perfect a representative church government as any de-nomination in the world ; and though they number, all told, less than fifty thousand communicants, their work has encircled the globe. The sun never sets upon their educa-tional and publishing institutions, nor upon their cotton tabernaclesŠtentsŠin which their summer evangelistic services are conducted. They have, by the living preacher, planted the standard of truth upon every continent, and their work extends from Finland on the north to the extremity of New Zealand on the south. They have publications in nearly a score of languages, and their colporters, Bible-readers, and ministers, have penetrated alike the busy mart, the wilds of Africa, the jungles of India, and the solitude of lonely Pitcairn. Where the voice of the living preacher has not been heard, the printed page has borne its silent testimony to the solemn truths which make the Adventists a separate and a- peculiar people. The Seventh-day Adventist General Con-ference isŠlike all their conferencesŠa-  rep-resentative body. It is composed of delegates from the several States, provincial and national conferences, embracing the churches of North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Af-rica, Australia, New Zealand, n a the islands of the sea. Having had its rise in the United States, the Seventh-day Adventist denomination nat-urally has headquarters here, as also its largest 