776 THE: SENMENEL LIBER'T'Y: though private, or upon week days; and because one Verin refused to let his wife go to Mr. Williams so oft as she was called for, they required him to be censured. But there stood up one Arnold, a witty man of their own cpmpanie, and withstood it, telling them that when he consented to that order, he never intended it should extend to the breach of the ordi-nance of God, such as the subjection of wives to their husbands. Then one'Green replied thatif they should restrain their wives, all the women in the country would cry out against them, etc Arnold answered him thus: Did you pretend to leave Mas-sachusetts because you would not offend God to please man, and now would you break an ordinance and commandment of God to please women?' In conclusion, when they would censure Verin, Arnold told them it Was against their own order, for Verin did what he did out of conscience, and their order was that no man should be condemned for his con-science." Still Verin was censured and temporarily disfranchised, and he left Providence and went back to Salem. While there may be displayed some sense of humor in these words of Governor Win-throp, they can hardly have been written in bitter-ness or sarcasm, for long after this Williams wrote of Winthrop that " he loved me as a son to the end of his life." This Was doubtless only one of many incidents in the early history of religious liberty ,in Rhode Island, but these were only incidents. The real test that came to Roger Williams and to his principles of soul liberty was over the question of the Quakers, as they were then called. It was natural that the Quakers, proscribed in all the other colonies and persecuted to the death in Massachu-setts, should rendezvous in Rhode Island. This the records show that they did in large numbers. It was natural, toot, that Roger Williams and the Quakers should mutually misunderstand each other. This is almost always true to some degree of both parties to a present controversy. It requires the perspective of after years to make some things perfectly plain. Roger Williams abhorred the teachings 'of the Quakers, and considered them not only perversive of the gospel,but, also subversive of all order and of all authority both ecclesiastical and civil. While restricting civil authority strictly to civil things, Mr. ;Williams believed in civil authority and in the priv-ilege and duty of every Christian to take part in civil government' and thus to restrain the ungodly  from their' inciVffities, Right or wrong, this was his belief, and it was never his nature to believe things by halves. He also believed, in the authority and 'discipline of the Church over its members. One of the reasons why, in his estimation, the union of church and state was so evil, was that it inevitably resulted in the lowering of the standard of the church to the level of the state. When the church consisted of only'  those who voluntarily associated themselves for re-ligious purposes, the authority of the church could maintain the discipline at a high standard without wronging any one, since 'he who dissented was free to withdraw. The Quaker doctrine of the " inner.  light" seemed-to Mr. Williams to be subversive of all such authority and discipline of the church'. It was undeniable, as the Quakers taught, that church authority as -well as the authority of the state, had often been used to hinder and persecute, the truth. So there was truth in their, teaching, that one man with the inner lightone man under the immediate guidance and inspiration of 'the SpiritŠwas higher in authority than a whole united church without this Spirit. On the other hand, it was doubtless true that there were those among the Quakers who pro-fessed this inner light who did not possess it, and who, bytheir actions in taking unwarranted liberties, gave pith and point to the argument against them. The Quakers were also non-combatants, and be-lieving that a Christian could not bear, arms_ and frght, many of them believed and taught that the citizenship of the Christian was .in heaven only, and that he could therefore take no part in earthly, goy,-ernments. They believed also that these conclu-sions Of, theirs were the only logical conclusions from Mr. Williams' own premises, and that M. Williams was denying himself in not receiving them. All this Mr. Williams rejected with indignation, and considered as nothing short of sheer anarchy. SO, as we have already said, he considered their teach-ings as subversive of all authority, both ecclesiastical. and civil: When' all this is remembered, togethet% with the fact that the Quakers, were becoming nu-;:' merouS in Rhode Island, and that the other colonies were beseeching almost threateningly that Rhode,  Island unite with them yin their banishment lest they brink law and order into disrepute, it. will be seen' that in this matter Williams' principles of religious liberty were put to the utmost test. Ł It is the accusation:of the Quakers., 'Arst mad -Al' 