THE AMERICAN b'ENTINE,\L. individual signatures, allowing sixty to each foot of double column, which is a very liberal allow-ance, indeed. Yet he allows the statement to go unchecked that it contained " several millions " and "was by many millions the largest ever pre-sented to this or any other government." As " field secretary" of the American Sabbath Un-ion he ought to have corrected this egregious, published blunder long ago, but he has not. Seventh-day Christians are not " malicious " in their opposition to Sunday laws. They are as conscientious as Mr. Crafts himself,, and he would do himself a great deal more credit by practicing a little more Christian charity than by sending sworn affidavits to religious bodies for the purpose of securing the " expulsion " of members who may have trodden on his theological or political corns." Sunday in California and New York. Mn. CRAFTS has been in California, the only State in the Union which has no Sunday law ; and the people may now expect to have it held,  up in season and out of season as the terrible ex-ample of immorality and vice consequent upon having no Sunday law. In his speeches here he declared that the State had retrograded in religion and morals since the repeal of its Sunday laws six years ago. To be sure Mr. Crafts was not in California six years ago, or before, when they had a Sunday law, and has not been here since that time, with the exception of a few days this year; but that doesn't make any difference with him. But he does not find it all clear sailing in his endeavor to make capital for Sunday laws at the expense of California. At a meeting of the Con-gregational club in San Francisco, at which Mr. Crafts was present, the Rev. Dr. Barrows, of that city, said that what Dr. Crafts had said about the moral and religious declension in California was not true; that he had been here eight years, and that in all that time there had been a steady and constant advance in the moral and religious status, and that Dr. Crafts had been here but a few days and could not judge. He protested strongly against Dr. Crafts' carrying such a report back to the East, because it was not true. The report of the meeting continues as follows: " Dr. Will-iams of Tulare City indorsed Dr. Barrows; re-marks. The Sabbath was as well observed in Tulare as in any city that he had ever lived in. He was certainly in favor of the workingmen having the privilege of Sunday rest, but for the churches to press Sunday observance on the State, upon religious grounds, and endeavor indi-rectly to compel men to go to church by strict Sun-day laws, could do no good, and might do much harm to the cause of religion. Rev. Dr. Cruzan of the Third Congregational Church, San Fran-cisco, agreed with Dr. Williams and Dr. Barrows. During his recent visit to the East he had spent a Sunday at Coney Island. 'There was nothing like it for immorality and dissipation on the Pa-cific Coast ; yet this was right under the nose of . Dr. Crafts when he was at home, in a State that had strict Sunday laws." Ł i Let this be repeated everywhere Mr. Crafts goes. It comes from men who are earnest in their en-deavor to get Sunday laws, but who are more in-terested in truth than in victory. It shows, what the Alta ,California claimed in a recent editorial, that Sunday laws are not necessary for the preser-vation of morality, and that California without any Sunday law is equal with, and even in ad- _  vance, morally, of some States that have a strin-gent Sunday law. But the point in the above quotation to which we wish to call especial attention is the charge by Dr. Williams, that Sunday laws, such as Mr. Crafts is laboring to secure, are an attempt to compel men to go to church. Mr. Crafts has complained bitterly because we have charged the same thing upon his movement. But here we have a statement to the same effect made by a minister who is engaged with him in an effort to secure a Sunday law, but,who does not believe in going to the same length. This is another dem-onstration that the SENTINEL has ,not misrepre- sented the Suuday-laly movement. E. J. W. "Look on this Picture, and on This." THOSE who are advocating a 'Sunday-Rest law are continually classing together all who oppose it. They say that_ here are seventh-day Christians in company with liquor-dealers, saloon-keepers, etc., and that one is known by the company he keeps. Granted that liquor-sellers are opposed to such a law. It does not make the law right because the liquor-dealer is pursuing a disreput-able business. Many of these men who favor a Sunday law are Republicans, so are many liquor-.  dealers ; but this does not prove that the, princi-ples of Republicanism are wrong. Many Sunday-law men are Democrats ; many liquor-dealers are also; but that does not prove that democracy is wrong. Many prohibitionists are Sunday-law men, but, admitting Sunday laws to be wrong, thig does not prove that the principles of prohibi-tion are wrong. So, many liquor-dealers, and saloon-keepers, are in a certain way conjoined with Christians in opposing the principles involved in one certain law; but that does not prove that the Christians are wrong unless they indorse liquor-selling. And those Christians who oppose, especially, Sunday laws, most emphatically do not indorse the liquor trade or intemperance in any form. Their asso-ciation with saloon-keepers is not association of persons or motives. It is purely accidental. Various parties are opposed to the law for various reasons. Infidels oppose it because they do not believe in the religion of those who advocate it ; liquor-dealers, because it interferes with their ill-gotten gains; and Christians, because they have paramount faith in the Christian religion and in the liberty vouchsafed by that and which ought to be vouchsafed by civil government; because they believe such a law to be intrinsically wrong. Liquor-dealers, among others, have signed the protest against Sunday laws. They did it with their own consent, of their own free will. They did so, not because they loved the class of Chris-tians which opposed the law .better than those who favored it, but because they did not like the law. Some we presume have signed it at the in-vitation of Christians, but they were not compelled so to do. Others of the various denominations have done the same. The AMERICAN SENTINEL has labored to bring this question before all classes, in order that it might not pass Congress till all had had the opportunity, at least, to know the wrongfulness and downright wickedness of such legislation. In contrast with the above work of the SENTI-NEL, note the method of the American Sabbath Union. The majority of saloon-keepers, it is safe to say, belong to the Roman Catholic Church ; yet the whole membership of that church was counted  as favoring such a law on the individual indorse-ment alone of one member of that church: There-fore many saloon-keepers were counted, and that, without even their consent. The association of liquor men with the supporters of the AMERICAN SENTINEL is purely incidental, while that of the American Sabbath Union, on its part, was pre-meditated and intentional. Not only that, hut while the Sunday-law petition called for adults, twenty-one years of age or more, the children of all the great denominations, belonging to the churches, were counted with the adults. The constituency of the opposing petition will compare favorably with the constituency of the Sunday-law petition. And as far as methods in obtaining petitions are concerned, there is no comparison, but only con-trast. The method of the SENTINEL has been open, ingenuous, and honest. The method of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union has been secretive, ingenious, and dishonest. Reader, " Look on this picture, and on this," and decide between. - Truth and righteousness need not stoop to unjustifiable means. M. C. WILCOX. . Ł  Some News, THE Denver News says the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL "is doing great injury to the cause of the masses of America by disCouraging the right to a day each week for worship, rest, or innocent rec-reation." This will be news indeed to the read-ers of the SENTINEL, as every intelligent reader of the SENTINEL well knows that its work is and always has been to assert the right of every man to these very things. What the SENTINEL de-nies is the right of the State or any other earthly power to compel any man to rest who does not want to rest, or to compel him to rest when he does_not want to, or to compel him to rest or wor-ship or recreate to suit the majority. The SEN-TINEL has never denied nor discouraged the right of any man to rest or worship or take innocent recreation when he pleases, as he pleases, and as much as be pleases; but it forever denies the _right of the State to compel those who do .not want to do any of these things to do them in or-der to please those who do want to do them. The SENTINEL denies the right of the State to rob any man of his right to follow his honest occupa-tion at all times. It denies the wisdom of Acts which make crimes of honest occupations, and it denies the justice of any system of law that pun-ishes the honest, industrious citizen equally with. the thief and the vagabond. Another statement of the News that will be equally newsy to the readers of the SENTINEL is that this paper "is doing efficient work for the enemies of all religion." Why the SENTINEL it-self is a religious paper. We know it is doing ef-ficent work; but as for doing efficient work for the enemies of all religion, this is a mistake. For the true religion, the religion-of Jesus Christ, the SENTINEL'S sole endeavor is to do the 'most efficient work that it possibly can. And against every effort to support religion by the State or to enforce its sanctions or observances by civil law, the SENTINEL endeavors to do as efficient work as it possibly can. Any government which sets itself to aid, support or enforce the sanctions or observances of religion, is itself an enemy of all true religion; and he is the best friend to true religion who is most opposed to any such system. Any religious, rite or institution whose observance cannot be secured without resort to time civil- 