MERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromising opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Co. OEGAN OF THE International Religious Liberty Association. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 573 that bas long been felt and will meet with general favor. The college is open September 15, and is prepared to re-ceive all who seek an education of the highest order." Any one desiring information should address, N. W. Kauble, president, College View, Nebraska. The Reason Why. THE Signs of the Times, in its issue of the 2nd inst., thus speaks of the interest of the people in working for the SENTINEL:Š "A brother in Waukon, Iowa, over seventy-five years of age, recently secured eight subscribers for the AMERI-CAN SENTINEL. Our older brethren are prone to deem themselves on the retired list, while there is still work that they can do. Here is an example for them. The SENTINEL is always full of that information for the want of which the people of the United States are being unwittingly led into the delusive web of Church and State union." This is only one of more than a score of similar in-stances where men and women passed their allotted span of life, did valiant service in securing subscriptions for the SENTINEL under our late special offer. Their hearts were bound up in the work, and they couldn't help it. MRS. J. M. ABELL, of Elmhurst, Cal., in remitting for her subscription, writes: "I have watched every advanc-ing step the SENTINEL has made from its first number, and more than once has my heart beat faster at its in-trepid uplifting of truth and freedom as revealed in the Word." MR. L. E. HILDRETH, of Stoughton, Wis., in sending a club of twelve subscriptions to the SENTINEL, says : "The AMERICAN SENTINEL is one of the best antidotes I know of to administer to the average politician who finds himself in the bewildered condition incident to the but-ton-holing Church and State lobbyists who besiege him in the halls of Congress." -o- A WARM friend of the SENTINEL, from Nebraska, thus speaks of the Young People's Department lately begun : "I am very sure this is a move in the right direction. Our children ought to know more of the fundamental principles of religious liberty than the most of them do, and the simple manner in which the subject matter is presented cannot fail to awaken an interest never before known; and more, 1 mistake greatly if those of older years are not among the most interested readers of this department." -4i1- -4- Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already .placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Penn. SEND FOR LIST OF EXCELLENT BOOKS, slightly damaged, offered at half price. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities lind any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ELD. H. F. PHELPS, of St. Paul, Minn., press agent of the International Religious Liberty Association, of that State, and who has done much to disseminate the princi-ples of religious liberty among the people of the North-west, writes saying: "I want to say for your encourage-ment that I have read the AMERICAN SENTINEL from its very first issue, and feel that I am in a condition to judge of its merits, when I say that the last is the very bestŠthe best of the wine at the last of the feast. In the be-ginning I used to wonder if there was enough to the sub- Single Copy, Per Year, ject it treated to keep it running right along without becoming exhausted, but there seems to be no end. More  and more and better and better is the story now. Long ADDRESS, AflERICAN SENTINEL, may it live and much good may it do." 39 Bond Street. New York. Six months, Three ŁŁ $1.00 - - .50 .25 