THE PERIL OF THE REPUBLIC, BY PROF. P. T. MAGAN. In this work the author shows how the-United States of America is now on the very threshold of an apostasy from the principles of a true republic, and how already there has been congressional legislation, executive action, and judicial decision committing this govern-ment to principles opposed to Protestantism. This is MOST IMPORTANT HISTORY, and if you would-know all about it you must read this book. Nowhere else is this history given. The following are a. few of the chapter headings:Š A NATION'S BIRTHRIGHT, A WAR FOR HUMANITY'S SAKE, AMERICAN IMPERIALISM, MANIFEST DESTINY, AMITY OR ARMAGEDDON. "The Peril of the Republic of the United States of America" is just from the press, contains It chapters, 196 pages, (size 6% x 8 inches), and is handsomely and durably bound in red cloth. Price .00. Address PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. Or, Oakland. Cal. Kansas City, Mo. PAGAN COUNTERFEITS in the Christian church By C. A. S. TEMPLE. A vivid presentation of the pagan festivals, rites, and usages which the author finds in the Christian churches of to-day, together with two chapters on Freemasonry, which ought to be read by every Mason who professes to be a Christian. 187 pages, paper covers. Price 25 cents. Address House nearest to you. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire of assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to the FOREIGN MIS-SION BOARD, 150 Nassau Street, New York. TO OUR PATRONS: I. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bans Drsaf. on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co,, not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities, and any kind to good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper moue& or coin is sent, register the letter. AM   P.RICAN S 1-4,NTII\T Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom, promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION° PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, Single Copy, Per Year $1.00c Six months Three months AMERICAN SENTINEL. 93 -or the ending for which, of course, the Canadian Angli-cans will pray, since upon the success or failure of his present movement the issue of the whole contest de-pends. That question, too, is likely to be settled one way or the other before the Canadians begin to send up -their supplications two weeks from next Sunday. "Whether, then,that day of prayer is to be for them a day of thanksgiving or of humiliation depends on the soldiers, the guns, and the strategy of General Buller, and the event will be no more influenced by the divine overruling than are any other human happenings. This we do not say in any spirit depreciative of the office and importance of prayer, but simply because it is a fact. "While the Canadians are praying in thanksgiving or in penitential sorrow and distress, the Boers will be praying to the same overruling Providence, but the event which would bring rejoicing to the Canadians and for which they would render praise to God as the Author of their good fortune or the outcome which would fill their hearts with grief as chastisement administered by God in the inscrutable ways of his providence, would be interpreted in exactly the other way by the Boers. They are people with a faith in divine Ppvidence and in the actual interference of God in human affairs which exceeds in its completeness the faith of most Christians of this day whether in Canada or elsewhere in Christen-dom. As they rest in the intervals of battle they sing hymns of praise to God and offer prayers to him in a spirit of subjection to the Divine will. . . . "In South Africa each side is fighting to the death to attain the blessing or ward off the punishment, yet that this war can come to a happy ending at any time the contestants may choose is as certain as that it need never have occurred. The British can end it any day by following the example and precedent of Gladstone in the Boer War of 1881. President Kruger can close it by appealing for terms to England. Is it not therefore presumptuous for either. side to make supplication to God to bring to an end a conflict whose conclusion is wholly within the ability and option of contestants each fighting for his own advantage, when both are straining, every nerve to settle it for themselves and when neither will settle it except under the compulsion of earthly circumstances which each is doing his best to control by purely human means and instruments? "Victory over the Boers would bring to Great Britain no glory and would leave for the empire an al-most endless problem of extreme difficulty in South Africa, requiring for its treatment the maintenance of a large and costly army of occupation for many years to come. Thus, it may be that there would be more dan-ger and sorrow for Great Britain in victory than in defeat. "If, then, our Canadian neighbors would recognize and bow before an overruling Providence let them pray to God for peace, simply leaving it for Omniscience to determine where the happiness in peace lies, accord-ing to the judgment of the wisdom to which a thou-sand years are but as yesterday and as a watch in the night." Have you a fountain pent If not, turn to p. 95. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. 