244 AMERICAN SENTINEL. advocates of such laws in the pleas made for their enact-ment. It is in behalf of religious legislation that natural rights are most commonly curtailed, in all countries. The two are antagonistic; and when one pievails, the other must give way. This is not saying that the common good does not require that limitations should be set to individual free-dom of action. It is not saying that an individual has liberty to do as he pleases. But we are not speaking of what an individual may please to do, but of what he has a natural right to do. He has no natural right to do anything that would conflict with the rights of his neigh-bor. Rights do not conflict. Any individual in the world may freely exercise the natural rights with which the Creator has endowed him, without interfering with the like exercise on the part of any other person. Natural rights lie, at the foundation of all proper legislation and government. Neither individuals nor governments may rightfully invade them. They no more justify wrong doing under the plea of "conscience," than under the plea that might makes right. Test all govern-mental measures by the touchstone of natural rights, and let it be remembered that natural rights are always indi-vidual rights. In this way secure the good of all indi-viduals, and the common good will take care of itself. "THE wicked are like the troubled sea, when it cannot rest; whose waters cast up mire and dirt. There is no peace, saith my God, to the wicked." The aural in Polities. IT was Christ, the founder of Christianity, who said, "My kingdom is not of this world." It was the Apostle Paul who declared, "I am deter-termined to know nothing among you save Jesus Christ and him crucified." There are two kingdoms in this world, the visible and the invisibleŠthe church and the state. Christ is the bead of one, Cnsar is the head of the other. One is ruled by force, the other by love. One takes cognizance of the overt acts of man only, while the other goes beyond and.  judges the thoughts and intents of the heart. The one is of earth, the other of heaven. There is a clear dividing line between the two, across which Christ taught that neither should go. It is a sad fact, however, that this command has for the most part been disregarded by those who have been called to the exalted work of the gospel commission. They have dabbled in state matters, and through this intermingling the Christianity of its Founder has been trailed in the dust. Rev. S. G. Smith, one of the leading ministers of Min-neapolis, Minn., evidently does not fall in line with the `church in politics" idea that is nowadays so prevalent.  In a'late issue of the Minneapolis Times, he is reported as saying in a sermon:Š "Grant, for the sake of argument, that the churches, if they combine, can put down the saloon; that they can put down the social evil, that they can put down many other evils which, perhaps, they cannot in fact. But grant that they can, and when they have accomplished one of these reforms, it will be like the first taste of blood to the carnivorous. The tongue of cunning and the hand of greed will make use of them, as they have in the past, wherever the church and- the state have intermin-gled. Whenever the church knows and others know it has such a power, bad men will use it to further their own ends. The pirates will board the ship of God." He is right, and all the history of the past is but a monument of proof to the truthfulness of his assertions. W. E. C. "Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on Thee." ONE of the leading pastors of the city of New York is reported as having said in a sermon that if war must come between Spain and the United States, "It should be a war for humanity, a war for truth. a war for God. It should be in a real sense, a holy war." Many people think that Spain has not got beyond the Dark Ages in her conceptions of humanity.  And the words of many preachers of these days show very plainly that they have not got beyond the Dark Ages in their conceptions of Christianity. Think of making war for the God of peace! Think of destroying men for the Saviour ! Think of making in a real sense, a holy war! Until such men obtain better ideas of Christianity, it will be to very little purpose that they denounce the Spaniards' low ideas of humanity. Thinking vs. Knowing. BY E. J. WAGGONER. How often we read with reference to something per-taining to the Bible and religion, "Dr. Š thinks that this is," etc., and what the doctor thinks is then by many considered as final, until he "thinks" again, or until somebody else "thinks" something else. "Then you would have us ignore the opinions and ideas of other men, and each one simply follow his own thoughts." Not by any means; our own thoughts are no better than other people's, and often not so good. I would have you follow, not what you or somebody thinks, but what you know. When you absolutely know a cer-tain thing, yon accept it not on anybody's authority, but for its own sake. Then you are sure of where you stand. "Ah, but what conceit for a man to assume that he 