THE AIVIEIRIC.A.N SENTINEL. 237 The Evils of Enforced Idleness. NEW YORK STATE last year had a law forbid-ding the use of motive power machinery in its State prisons; forbidding contract labor of State pris-oners; and forbidding the selling or giving away the product of any convict labor. It seems that that law was passed in the month of August, 1888. And what the law had accomplished from that time up to the month of April, 1889, the New York Independent tells in its issue of April 18. It says:Š "The prison is crowded. Discipline is becoming impaired. The men are deteriorating. They are begging for work, sending by hundreds to the head keeper with the same old petition. The best evidence of the evil of the Yates law is that they are going crazy under it. About a dozen have been sent to the asylum from Sing Sing, and three dozen in all during the last six months, or more than twice the number during the same time in the previous year. These are of the first fruits; and as to what may be counted on hereafter, let the prison officers tell us officially:Š "W "Warden Dunston, of Auburn :Š "`The enforced idleness of the convicted criminal demoralizes his mental, and wrecks his physical, sys-tem.' " Warden Fuller, of Clinton :Š " To avoid the debilitating effects, mental, moral, and physical, that are the sequel to the confinement of prisoners in their cells without occupation, and in answer to the personal appeals of men for work, I have made for them such employment as I could.' " Warden Brush, of Sing Sing :Š " Idleness in a prison is horrible to contemplate, especially to prison officials, who understand fully the consequences. The prisoners soon become restless, unhappy, and miserable. Time with them passes slowly, their bodies soon become unhealthy, and the mind must become diseased. In fact, nothing but disease, insanity, and death can be expected from this condition.' " Physician Barber, of Sing Sing :Š " Confinement in their cells five-sixths of the time in almost solitary idleness appears to be forcing them back upon themselves,Ša prey to the baneful influ-ences of impure thoughts, corrupt conversation, dis-gusting personal habits, physical and mental prostra-tion and moral degradation.' " General Superintendent Lathrop :Š " Idleness is the bane of a prison, whose malign influence no prison administration, however humane, ingenious, and energetic, has ever been able to over-come. " That is the effect of enforced idleness in a prison where its effect can be definitely determined. Enforced idleness can never do anything else than to force men back upon themselves with the result stated by Physician Barber. Yet in the face of all this evidence of the corrupting influence of enforced idleness, the National Sunday-law workers still go ahead in their efforts to secure a national law by which everybody shall be compelled to be idle one-seventh of the time perpetually. Then, when they get their Sunday law, if a man will not be idle every Sunday he shall be imprisoned ; and then, if they should extend the New York system to other States, when they once get them into prison they can compel them to be idle anyhow. But in view of the facts set forth by these prison officials upon the destructive effects of idleness, every man who has any care for his mental, moral, or physical well-being, ought to oppose, with all his, might, the making of any such law, and then, ought to refuse to obey any such law when it is made. In view of these evi-dences, we do not wonder that Dr. Crafts pro-nounces idleness to be Sabbath-breaking. It is one of the very worst sort of wickedness. The  idle man is thrown back upon himself, and noth-ing good can ever come from it, even though it be done voluntarily. But when men are compelled by law, under pains and penalties, to be idle, they are forced back upon themselves, with the fearful results recorded above. And those who are re-sponsible for making the law which forces men into such a condition as that, cannot be guiltless. The more that Sunday laws are tested, the more hideous they appear in their essential wickedness. A. T. J. What They Want It For. MRS. J. C. BATEHAM, superintendent of Sab-bath Observance, of the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union, is one of the leading workers for the National Sunday law. There is no disputing this. What she says therefore on this subject must be authoritative. What she shall say it is for which they want a National Sunday law, that must be the thing for which they want it. This cannot be questioned. She issued, last spring, a leaflet inquiring, How a weekly day of rest and quiet can be best secured by law? and in this leaflet she tells what they want the Sunday rest for. Here are her words:Š " We want it for the purposes for which God de-signed it when he bid us keep it holy ; not for frivolity and amusement, not for sleep and idleness, not for the Sunday newspaper with its demoralizing literature, but for reading which is elevating and improving, including the Word of God, and for attendance upon church services." Then, a little further along, in the same leaflet she says:Š " Senator Blair's Sunday-Rest bill prepared at the request of the W. C. T. U. and in response to the first two millions of petitions, is in the main entirely sat-isfactory to us." Now let us analyze this. What they want a day of rest and quiet for, is, the reading of the Word of God and for attendance upon church services. The inquiry is, " How these can best be secured by law ?" Then the statement is, " That the Sunday-Rest bill prepared at their re-quest, is in the main, entirely satisfactory." It therefore follows that the object of the Blair Sunday-Rest bill is to establish a day of rest and quiet for the reading of the Word of God and attendance upon church services. This is the inevitable logic of the statements of one of the very chiefest of the Sunday-law workers. If this be not so, then there is no truth in axioms, there is no force in logic, and Roger Bacon was a fraud. And yet, they blame us for saying that the ob- ject of the Sunday law is religious, and that it is the religious observance of the day that they are trying to secure by national law. But why should they blame us? We say no more than they say themselves. We simply draw the con-clusions from their own premises. We cannot forsake our senses. We cannot renounce our own power of reasoning, neither can we be so unchar-itable nor so ungallant as to hold:that Christian women do not mean what they say. She says they want the day "for reading the Word of God and far attendance upon church services." She wants to know how such a day can best be se-cured by law, and she says Senator., Blair's Sun-day-Rest bill is in theimain entirely satisfactory. Then the Łdirect amk intentional. object of the Blair Sunday-Rest Jai is,,the religious observance of Sunday, and,  ;the,  Aligious observance, too, even to the extent ofi.reading the Word of God and attendance upon Church service. Therefore, in the interests of the Word of God and of church services, and of Christianity as a whole, we are everlastingly opposed to the Blair Sunday-Rest bill or any bill like it in any degree. The Union Signal says that the strongest oppo-nents of the Sunday law spent twenty thousand dollars last year in defending their opposing doc-trines. That may be true, we have not kept ex-act account, but we are inclined to think it is rather less than more than the sum; but whether it be less or more, we can inform the Union Sig-nal and the Sunday-law workers all together, that we intend to spend every cent we have in opposi-tion to the Sunday law, so that when they get it, they cannot take anything from us in the way of fines for breaking it. It is evil and only evil, and that continually, and in obedience to the scriptural injunction we do, as far as in us lies, " Abhor that which is evil." A. T. J. The Press and the Sunday-Rest Bill. THOUGHTFUL representatives of the press of the United States have spoken and are speaking with reference to the Blair Sunday-Rest bill, and kindred legislation, in no uncertain manner. The Telegraph, of Dubuque, Iowa, closes a discussion of that question in the following words :Š " The Telegra,ph is in favor of observing Sunday as a day of rest, but it is not willing, in order to secure it, to see a law made to interfere with the conscience or personal liberty of the individual, in any particu-lar. Many citizens in Iowa believe in keeping Satur-day as a holy day, while others have no belief on the subject, and to compel such persons to rest on Sun-day might not only be a hardship, but it would cer-tainly be despoiling them of their legal rights.' But the passage of the Blair Sunday-Rest bill would set a dangerous precedent for further enactments of the same kind. If Congress can compel a man to cease from his secular employments on the Sabbath-day, why could it not with equal propriety say he must go to church? This much conceded, it would be but another short stretch of authority for the gov-ernment to step in and decide upon what church he should attend. This would be uniting Church and State, something against the enactment of which every church and society should send in protests to their Representatives and Senators in Congress." The Globe, Kansas City, Mo., says:Š "The adoption of a policy of Sabbath desecration can be defended from no standpoint whatever, but Sabbath desecration must be properly defined. It will not do to include in the forbidden activities of Sunday the innocent recreations of the laboring masses. That will shut them off from religious influence entirely, for human beings cannot be constantly kept within the shadow of toil and at the same time thrive in morals and grow in intelligence. These are conditions and circumstances that ought to have care-ful consideration at the hands of legislators in our own State, where the attempt is being made to estab-lish and enforce a policy that is certain to ultimately operate against the observance of good order on the Sabbath, and to embitter a large proportion of our people against the religious forces pressing it. We have law enough on the Sunday question, and more than enough. It will cost heavily in the general morality of the people to insist on making further statutory rules for the regulation of the public con-duct on the Sabbath." The World, Charleston, S. C., refers to our work, and to the Blair bill, as follows:Š " We have received a copy of a small paper called the Outlook and Sabbath Quarterly, which condemns on principle the bill alluded to, and discusses it from the standpoint of individual rights and common sense. " The arguments against the general government's legislating on such a subject are strongly put, and point out the inconsistency of securing to the people the enjoyment of a day of rest by legally indicating what they shall or shall not do. "To our way of thinking, the title of the measure is a misnomer, in part. 'A bill to promote religious wor-ship,' would have been a little more appropriate to 