754 AMERICAN SENTINEL. can divest himself wholly of his religious identity, in politics, why should it not be admitted that Mr. Roberts can do the same? Ah, it is easier to recognize a truth when it applies only to other people, than when it is unpalatable to ourselves. There is a wide demand to-day that church people should more actively engage in politics; but this, we are told, would not give politics any religious coloring, Šnot at all. That would be very undesirable, all admit. People may, and should, it is said, "take their religion into their politics," yet should not be in politics what they are in the church. But if Mr. Roberts cannot be in politics without representing polygamy, which is his religious belief and practise, how can other church peo-ple be in politics without also representing to the same extent their own religious belief and practise? Except in those cases where religion is held only formally, as a mere cloak of respectability, religious people cannot go into politics without giving politics a religious coloring, and making politics, wherever pos-sible, a means to religious ends. Because, the man in whom religion is a controlling force, the mainspring of his deepest emotions and most earnest endeavors, is a religionist before everything else, in every place. Such people do not go into politics to make politics first, but to make politics the servant of religion. This is true of the priests and prelates of Rome; and it is equally true of every zealous religionist, Catholic or Protestant. The loud call that is heard for the church people to engage more earnestly in politics, is not put forth upon the basis of a need of increased vigilance to preserve the rights of the peopleŠwhich is the only legitimate pur-pose of political effort. Little is heard in connection with this movement about the necessity of preserving unalienable rights. What it has in view is to guard the public moralityŠto suppress things that are considered immoral, prominent among which things is the desecra-tion of Sunday. The domain of morality cannot be separated from that of religion; and when the church forces become active in polities for the purpose of im-proving the public morals, religious controversies will of necessity be fought over in the political arena, and there will be others beside that of which day of the week is the Sabbath. And thus will be fulfilled a prophesy uttered years ago, regarding the outcome of the increas-ing church activity in politics, that "old [religious] controversies will be revived and new ones will be added; new and old will commingle; and this will take place right early." The proper place for the church forces, both for the interests of religion and of the state, is to be out of politics. THE base metal of human nature cannot be trans-muted into the pure gold of the divine nature by any human wisdom. "Christian Sentiment" and Civil Law. A NEW ENGLAND journal states that the town of San-gus, Mass., "has become tired of Sunday golf, and the vio-lators of law feel aggrieved." The inference to be drawn is that the town has taken some action to suppress the golf. "The question is," it is stated further, "whether it is better to permit a few young men to break the laws of the State and outrage the Christian sentiments of the community, or to check lawlessness and protect the vital interests of good citizenship and Christian mo- rality." Ł The first and most important question with respect to the law of the State, is whether the law is just. It is a worse thing to violate justice by law than for indi-viduals to violate the law. Justice is a law; and an unjust measure on the statute books involves the whole State in the guilt of law breaking. Ought the State to take sides in a religious controversy by decreeing that Sunday shall be observed as the Christian Sabbath, or Lord's day? Is the law a just one? And further, it is proper to ask why the "Christian sentiment" of the community is to be distinguished from the sentiment of non-Christians or of Christian dissent-ers from the prevailing religious sentiment, as some-thing to be guarded by law. Non Christians stand on an equality with Christians before the law, and the sen-timents of the one class are to be respected by the law equally with those of the other class. Some "Chris-tians" have their sentiments outraged by Sunday golf. Other people have their sentiments outraged by a law depriving them of this Sunday recreation, passed in the interests of a religious institution in which they do not believe. Which class is to be favored by the law? Evi-dently, the law, to be impartial must leave religious questions alone, and let the sentiment of the community be adjusted to religious questions by religious forces onlyŠby conviction and not by compulsion. Misapplied Zeal. South African "Sentinel." SAUL of Tarsus was a most enthusiastic religionist; he was so extremely religious in his way, that he had no place in his heart for the religion of Christ. His zeal prompted him to compel others to do as he did, under severe penalties. But remember this was before he knew Jesus of Nazareth. When he became acquainted with him, as he did on his missionary tour to Damascus, he gave up the worship of himself and his own religion, and accepted the:religion of Christ. Never was a more perfect revolution wrought in any man's life, than that which so quickly transformed the chief of sinners to the chief of the apostles. How quickly he lost the spirit of persecution! Wheniheihad himself experienced the lib- 