swkoV Jusricz 4444  TAE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 1NT.A.TIC3/Ł1..A..7-4 &Halms Libutil fissoGiatioil DEGIARRTION OF PRINGIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. Lecture Bureau of the National Re-ligious Liberty Association. THE Lecture Bureau of the National Religious Liberty Association is composed of competent lec-turers in various parts of the United States, and any one desiring lectures upon the subject of re-ligious liberty and the relation of Church and State, may secure a lecturer by corresponding with Allen Moon, the Secretary of the Bureau, 28 College Place, Chicago, Illinois. Louis FINEBERGER, a grocer, at Forsyth Street, this city, sold a quart of potatoes on the 13th ult., was arrested, and the next morning was held for trial in the Essex Market Court, on a charge of violating Sunday. A " LAW and Order League " of one hundred members has just been formed in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Their special aim, it is said, is the better enforcement of Sunday laws. It is likely that the recent decision in the King case in that State has given them encouragement to that kind of work. THE workingmen of Minneapolis recently adopted a resolution protesting against the clos-ing of the World's Fair on Sunday, and demanding "that the board of managers shall refrain from any action that will shut out workingmen from the Fair on the day which, under existing condi-tions, is the only available one for them and their families." Historic Baptist Principle. " COMPULSORY Sunday Observance " was the sub-ject discussed by the Rev. John R. Grow, of the Chicago Hyde Park Baptist Church, at his morning service, Oct. 18. True to the historic Baptist prin-ciple of complete separation of Church and State, he declared himself opposed to compulsory Sunday observance. The speaker traced our Sunday laws back to Constantine's famous law enforcing the ob-servance of "the venerable day of the Sun," and stated that that law and subsequent Roman legis-lation touching Sunday observance, came as the result of spiritual dearth; that the Church shorn of the power of the gospel could not successfully cope with the circus and theater, and the power of the State was consequently invoked. The speaker paid an eloquent tribute to the pow- er of the gospel of Christ as opposed to legal com-pulsion in extending the influence and practice of religion, and declared that the laxity of Sunday observance in France was not the result of a laxity in Sunday laws, but the result of centuries of eccle-siastical corruption and tyranny ; that the differ-ence between the "continental Sunday" and the " American Sunday " was not a difference effected by civil legislation, but was the result of a differ-ence in the spiritual life of the people. Touching the Sunday closing of the World's Fair the speaker said the way to exhibit Christianity at the coming Exposition was not by means of a com-pulsory closing of the Fair, which would drive the people on excursions into the country, to the parks, or the saloons, but by presenting to our visitors a living Church whose vitality comes not from the State but from Christ, the living head of Chris- tianity. A. F. BALLENGER. THE People's Trade and Labor Party, at a meet-ing held in Chicago, have memorialized the World's Fair Commissioners asking that the Fair be opened on Sunday at half rate for admission. The last two of the series of resolutions show that some of the reasons given for asking that the Fair be closed on Sunday are distasteful to the workingmen. These resolutions read as follows:Š Resolved, That we repudiate with scorn the state-ment of certain so-called and self-alleged Christian ministers, deacons, and deaconesses, and defamers of workingmen in general, that " disgraceful con-duct of the dangerous masses would ensue if the Fair be opened Sunday." Resolved, That we hereby declare to those tra-ducers of men and women who earn their bread by the sweat of their brows, that their absence from the Fair, Sunday, will only add to the pleasures of a visit by workingmen and their families on that day. THE action taken upon the Sunday question at the great convention of the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor, held at Minneapolis some time ago, is already bearing fruit, not only in the line of organized influence to secure the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, but, as was to have been expected, in favor of Sunday closing, by law, in general. The Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor, of Detroit, through its President and Secretary, has addressed several imperative re-quests to the Mayor and Chief of Police there, de-siring them to undertake the enforcement of the Sunday laws in that city, and suggesting that if it is not done by the authorities they will themselves bring complaint, and compel prosecution. The originators of this organized Christian effort among the youth little thought that they were pre-paring so strong and so zealous an agent for the propagation of error and the establishment of a civil ecclesiasticism in the place of the gospel of Christ, which it was their first mission to publish and practice. THE organization of associations for the further-ance of legislation to secure the observance of Sun-day has gone so far that there is an "International Federation of Lord's Day Societies," with an office in London. The Secretary of this Federation pub-lishes a circular stating that in Austria Sunday newspapers, and Monday morning papers as well, have been prohibited, because of the Sunday labor necessary to their publication. This is consistent; for if the Sunday newspaper is an evil the Monday morning newspaper is a much greater evil; but with what jealousy the Sunday Unionists and Na-tional Reformers must view Austria becoming a Christian nation, according to their definition, in advance of the United States. However, the Na-tional Reformers are doing their best to secure the necessary centralization of power in this country to enable them to despotically enact all the religious laws they wish; and when they have done this they will not be behind any Old World despotism in ren-dering the formal observances of religion compul-sory. THE movement for Sunday rest continues to gain ground in France. The managers of a large porce-lain manufactory at Limoges, a plate-glass works at St. Gobain, and a milling establishment at Puance, have voluntarily relieved their employes of the Sunday work previously required of them. The methods employed in so called "Atheistic France " to secure Sunday rest seem to be in marked contrast to those used by the Sabbath Union and Law and Order Leagues of " Christian America." So far it would appear that, if the National Reform theory is correct and a nation is a person with a religious responsibility, then, France, according to the teachings of the gospel, is much nearer the kingdom of heaven than the United States. The unchristian theory of Sunday observance enforced by the civil law has probably a greater number of enthusiastic supporters in the United States to-day than in all the rest of the world to-gether. That fact is an evidence of what may be expected in this country in reference to the entire body of religious forms professed by the majority of the citizens. THE Highway and Banner, a paper devoted to the subject of " holiness," published in Des Moines, Ia., heads an article on Judge Hammond's decision in the King case, "A Needed Legal Decision." In a short editorial in the same paper the editor exhorts his brethren not to break camp, when leaving their camp meetings, " on the Sabbath." He says, " If we are a holy people we ought to keep the Sabbath holy, and give the enemy no occasion to complain." How shall we interpret the Banner on this Sunday question ? Does the Banner find that those who are now " holy " still persist in not keeping " the Sabbath holy "? And so to give the appearance of holiness to those who are holy, it is necessary to have a " needed legal decision" to compel holiness in those who are holy? Or is the Banner so holy that it is entirely different from the long-suffering Heavenly Father, and so wants to crush the refrac-tory sinner by civil law without bearing with him any longer ? Or is the Banner aware of the fact that King had observed one day as the Sabbath, and in working on Sunday was following out his honest convictions; and knowing these things is it so intolerant that it will not accord to others the rights of conscience that it asks for itself ? THE American Sabbath Union, and the National Reform Association have been bewailing the fact that they have not, as yet, succeeded in organizing in Michigan. But the ground has at last been broken. Mr. Crafts has recently spoken in Hills-dale and several places in that vicinity, and organ-ized local unions. Rev. Francis W. Ware, one of the field secretaries of the Union, is also busy in this line of work. On Tuesday, Oct. 9, he spoke in Lyons, and organized a local union, and is still prosecuting the work elsewhere. The vigorous and persistent efforts of these organizations should open the eyes of the people to the work being done to bind the State under the decrees of the Church. The efforts of these organizations are precisely the same as the work that led to the persecutions of the Middle Ages, when the Church was mistress of the State. IN his book, "Sabbath for Man," page 258, Mr. Crafts says: " It is not sufficiently emphasized that the Jew is left absolutely free to observe the sev-enth day. He can close his shop ; he can refuse to work." In view of this a member of the National Religious Liberty Association asks: " Is not every other man just as free to observe the first day ? Cannot every person who desires to keep Sunday close his shop and refuse to work ? Where, then, is the need of Sunday laws ? What more can con-sistently be asked than absolute freedom?"  " men are created free and equal." R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 