AMERICAN SENTINEL. 671 ciple you have been advocating, that is sensitive over tradition, zealous for established customs, eager for world-wide dominance to one ideal, and that man-made. So actually he stood in opposition to the natural devel-opment of human nature." "Give me proof, Aleck." "The charge against Jesus was that he paid no heed to tradition. For instance, the Jews had heaped tradi-tion about the commandment of God concerning the Sabbath. They made it unlawful to heal, to do works of mercy, or even of necessity, on the Sabbath. Jesus over-turned their traditions, and healed, and helped, and walked, and allowed his disciples to eat, and rub the chaff from the grain on the Sabbath. The Pharisees were enraged, not so much because they cared for the Sabbath, as because they resented his independence of their opinions and traditions." "But, Aleck, could not Jesus have healed and helped and walked and talked on some other day, and spared the feelings of men?" "No. He had a commission from heaven to fulfill. He had come to reveal God. The Sabbath day was es-pecially enjoined that men might have a knowledge of the true God, 'that they might know that I am the Lord.' And Jesus must tear away the false environ-ment and let the people see that God was a God of Love. He stood up in the synagogue to read both his mission and to portray to them the character of God, saying, `The Spirit of the Lord God is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek, to heal the broken-hearted, and to open the prison to them that are bound.' This was the object of the Sabbath,Što give men such a knowledge of God that they would rest in his love by faith." "Why had theJews so perverted the Sabbath?" asked Cecil. "Because there is not only a God of heaven, but a god of this world, the devil. The prince of this world knew that by perverting the Sabbath, he would keep men away from God, and that by making its restrictions rig-orous he would make them implacable, unmerciful, and unfeeling; in short, transform them into his own image." "Well, Aleck; there is certainly something to think about in these opposite principles. But I must now say good night." F. B. Studies in French History.-44. "WE are now studying the history of quite modern times, only a little more than 300 years ago." began Professor Carman. "Let us not forget that. The tragic death of King Henry III. occurred in the year 1589." "You promised to tell us something about it to-day, professor, and as you call it tragic, I presume the partic-ulars will be quite interesting," said Harry Ray. "You shall hear all that is profitable or necessary. It was dreadful, in fact the poor king was coolly and de-liberately murdered by a young manŠa monkŠwho, it is presumed by some may have been actuated to the ter-rible deed by motives of revenge. As the Duke of Guise was almost a saint according to the Catholic idea, the misguided monk no doubt thought he was doing a good work to kill his murderer." "Did he poison or shoot him?" asked practical Jack. "Neither; he stabbed him while the king was reading a letter which he had brought him. Of course thewicked and foolhardy monk was immediately killed. Thus the three sons of Henry II.,ŠFrancis II., Charles IX., and Henry ,III., have risen to the throne of France and passed away, and with them the last of the Valois branch." "Then Henry III. didn't leave any sons?" inquired Edna. "No; so as there was no nearer heir to the throne, Henry of Navarre, brother-in-law of the king, comes forward and receives the crown. He is the first of the Bourbons." "Let's see; he was a Protestant, wasn't he?" asked Fred Green. "Why, of course," replied Bert Mathews. "He was the great Protestant leader." "Perhaps you would better write in your notebooks: ŠFamily of Valois reigned from 1328 to 1589. They were preceded by the Capetians, who reigned from 987 to 1328, and were succeeded by the Bourbons, who reigned uninterruptedly until 1793." "Did King Henry of Navarre change his religion after he became king?" asked Julia March. "I see you are a little suspicious of poor Henry, Julia, because he changed his faith once, thinking thereby to save his life. Yes, he did become a Catholic after he as-cended the throne; but not until he expected to lose his kingdom if he refused. Of course it is only natural to suppose that the Catholics were very much disgusted at the idea of having to acknowledge a Protestant king. Among his soldiers were many who were of the opposite religious party, and so very great numbers of them ran away from his army." "Don't you think, professor, that if he had given them all freedom to worship God as they had a mind to, Catholics and all, it would have been better?" asked Joe Palmeter. "That is just what he did do, Joseph, and in so doing he proved himself to be a wise ruler, to say the least. But alas! the foolish Huguenots were not satisfied that the ones who differed from them in religious creed should have the liberty which they now enjoyed." "What did they do about it?" asked Ed Barnaby. "I am very sorry to tell you that they began fighting their enemies, instead of loving them as Christ bids us do." "I am quite ashamed of ;them, really!" exclaimed Jennie. 