JUNE 4, 1t3Uti. ActIVILlb;IL-C.11tUAct.IN'IL '11.1.N 104 ALA more than do even the wisest of the living, and especially of men noted for their high moral standing in this life, is a source of power which the politico-religions "reform-ers" of our time cannot much longer afford to pass by. And while not much evidence(?) of this nature may have come to the surface as yet, it is as certain as that Scripture is true that there will be plenty of it forth-coming when these " reform " movements shall have progressed a little further. It is in such communications that Sunday " laws" and other oppressive enactments against such as adhere to God's moral code, will yet find one of their chief sources of support. 1- Ł  SUPERSTITION AND THE PAPACY. " THAT was certainly a most remarkable procession," says the Christian Work, of May 14, " which marched through the streets of Madrid one day last week." Spain had been suffering from a protracted drouth. Added to this misfortune was the drain upon Spain's military and financial resources caused by the Cuban war, with the dark prospect of the loss of this last of her American possessions. In such an emergency, papal superstition sug-gested, as usual, an appeal to some dead "saint." This procession, we are told, "consti-tuted an appeal to the patron saint of the city, St. Isidore, to put an end to the drouth from which Spain has been suffering, and at the same time to put an end to the Cuban re-bellion. It was a magnificent affair. Both civic and military organizations participated, and there were nearly a thousand priests in line, all carrying lighted tapers. The route was lined with enthusiastic spectators, who threw so many flowers that the very streets were filled with them. At the head of the procession were carried the remains of the saint, who died six hundred years ago." The scene is one thoroughly characteristic of the papal religion. That religion is built upon the idea that we are to look to the dead for that aid which it is beyond human power to give. The idea is essentially pagan, as an examination of any pagan religion will show. The Lord's testimony concerning it may be seen from the language of Isa. 8: 19: " And when they shall say unto you, Seek unto them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep and that mutter: should not a people seek unto their God ? for the living, to the dead ? " The Scriptures nowhere sanction the idea of seeking to the dead for aid. The Almighty declares himself to be the source of our strength and wisdom and righteousness, and directs us to seek unto him. From many texts in his Word we learn that it is utterly useless to seek unto the dead for anything; since they "know not anything" (Eccl. 9:5), have no " more a portion forever in anything that is done under the sun" (verse 6), their thoughts have perished (Ps. 146: 3, 4), etc. Any such demonstration, therefore, as this religious procession to invoke the aid of some dead man whose bones are carried at its head, is simply nothing else than an exhibition of superstition. The idea that when people die they are still alive, knowing more and having more power than they ever did before, is well calculated to foster superstition of the grossest kind. Worship of the dead was one of the earliest marks of apostasy from the true God. The civil power, through the common belief in the consciousness and superhuman power and wisdom of departed spirits of men, which imagination and superstition had transformed  into gods, very early came to look to these "gods" for aid in times of emergency, and to connect their worship with the affairs of the State. Probably nothing has contributed more powerfully than this superstition to the union of Church and State. WHAT NATIONAL REFORM HAS NOT DONE FOR GERMANY. ACCORDING to the National Reform theory, Germany ought to be one of the most moral countries in the world, for there the nation has a religion; God is recognized as supreme, and the emperor reigns by " divine right." But what are the facts as to morals in Ger-many? They are as bad probably as in any civilized country in the world. May 23, in a meeting of the Baptist Mis-sionary Union, at Asbury Park, the Rev. F. A. Remley delivered an address, in which he attacked social and religious conditions in Germany. The question on which he spoke was, " Are Missions Needed in Ger-many ?" " Although the question seems to be pre-posterous," said Mr. Remley, "a more than four years' residence and study of the condi-tion of things in Germany showed me a deplor-able condition of affairs. " My heart bleeds to disclose it, for I love the German people. In Germany every one belongs to some church. In 1890 there were 31,000,000 Protestants, 17,500,000 Roman Catholics, and 500,000 Jews. The people are grouped together in monstrous churches, and no adequate arrangements are made for their religious and spiritual instruc-tion. " In 1891 I attended services in a Lutheran church, in Hamburg, and there were eighteen persons present. That church has a mem-bership of 41,000. In a suburb of Leipsic, in a church of 10,000 membership, they fre-quently hold the principal services of the day with from twelve to forty-five persons present. The average attendance at all the services on Sunday in all the churches in the city of Leipsic, according to a Lutheran pastor, ranges from 5,000 to 8,000. For the great masses in Germany religion and morality have no necessary connection, and they see nothing improper in thieves, drunk-ards, and debauchees remaining members of the church. " It may be stated on competent German au-thority that in 1888 there were 200,000 women in Germany who made their living by immo-rality; that in Berlin there are as many such women as seats in all the churches of the city; that in large cities 90 per cent. of all men are impure, and that most of the un-married men of all classes are fallen. A Leipsic paper is authority for the statement that in the empire between 1880 and 1890 an annual average of over 166,000 illegiti-mate children were born. This is not the place to give more of this hideous picture. Only think of it. All this is within the pales of the Jewish Church and the churches of Jesus Christ! " The Lutheran Church, in its homes' for tramps and its hotels for travelers, is en-gaged in the sale of intoxicating liquors. The drink habit holds the German people in its iron grasp. Of the three drinksŠwine, beer, and whiskeyŠin 1890 there was consumed in Germany an average of over twenty-eight gallons per inhabitant. Nearly a barrel was the share of every little babe! German au-thorities estimate that annually not less than 10,000 people in the empire fall victims to " CONFUSION WORSE CONFOUNDED." THE California Standard, an A. P. A. paper, published in San Francisco, has in its issue of May 2, an editorial paragraph, which runs as follows:Š An earnest friend requests us to define the bad re-sults of uniting State and Church. We are glad that he has changed the common expression of " Church and State," thus half answering the question by plac-ing State first. The Church could not exist without the State well organized to support it. To understand this proposition thoroughly it is necessary to go back to first principles and accept the declaration of the head of the Church, and the person upon whom it is founded in a spiritual sense. Christ declared in most emphatic terms, " My kingdom is not of this world," and through all ages since the era from which all dates iu the civilized world are taken, the civil and political powers have been recognized as nurseries of the Church. Wherever the Church has wielded power over the civil and political concerns of a nation, and assumed temporal power, that country has been over-thrown and its people held in gross ignorance. There is but one nation of any importance at this time where the Church and State are united, and that is Spain. Its decadence marks the effects of papal rule. Its history is a sad one. Once the grandest in the world; now the weakest and most despised. Italy is only emerging from dense ignorance since the civil power dissolved the unity of Church and State. One is liberty and progress, the other is ignorance and slavery. The thought underlying this paragraph is delirium tremens. Twenty-seven per cent. of the inmates of the insane asylums of the Rhine Provinces became insane through drink. Of the 32,837 prisoners in Germany (1885), 41 per cent. committed their crimes while under the influence of liquor. Of the 300,-000 or more persons annually convicted of crimes and offenses in the empire, it is estimated that drink is responsible for 70 per cent., and this, too, is all within the Church. " At Sunday-school picnics, temperance meetings, and social religious meetings, beer and wine are freely used. A brewery in Leipsic has the following inscription in large gold letters on a marble slab over the front door: To the Lord is this brewery intrusted; only there is prosperity and blessing where his hand labors.' Social life centers in the beer glass. Hospitality without beer or wine is impossible. A theo-logical professor, at whose home I was being entertained, said to me: ' It is sad, Mr. Remley; one does not know how to entertain you, for you do not drink or smoke.' " Gambling is rampant in Germany. The different States and the churches, Protestant and Catholic, conduct lotteries; and gambling in lotteries is considered to be the respectable, proper thing to do. " Having received their religious and phil-osophical instruction in the universities, many pastors have their own private philosophy of life and views of the Bible and Christianity which they cannot give to the people, for the dogmas of the Church have been accepted by the State and are made binding upon all pastors. So there is a tendency toward one faith or belief for the pastor and another for the people. The Church is crippled by being united to the State, and being made a prop for monarchy. Germany, it seems to me, stands before a religious crisis. The Church is losing its grip upon the people. That Ł large and increasing powerŠSocial Democ-racyŠis opposed to the Church and in the main hostile to Christianity. The spir-itual life of the Church is at a very low ebb, and great waves of rationalism, mate-rialism, and infidelity threaten to overwhelm her." Ł 