74 THE .25s._1\11E1ICAN SENTINEL. State and national, compelling all who now observe Sunday, to observe this other daY*,would the Sunday-law workers agree to,.th& propriety et, such-,,4-4;roCeedings ? Everybody,4ows they would not: There-fore, even ili,9uky the American Sabbath Union should pursue thii,iMiniry and come to the conclusion already decided upon, that Sunday . is the ga' bbath, there is beyond this still, that other question upon.. =which THE SENTINEL has always insisted, and always shall insist,ŠHas the State or a majority of any kind the right to enforce upon anybody the observance of a day of rest ? The foundation and obligation of a day of rest being wholly religious, the answer is, and always must be, that there is no authority upon earth that has any right whatever to enforce such observance upon anybody. Therefore, though the Ameri-can Sabbath Union should find out to its own satisfaction which day is the Sabbath, and what the Bible says about the Sab-, bath, it would have no right whatever, to compel others by law to conform to its view upon the question. So far, therefore, as the principle in-volved in the question is concerned, it makes no material difference whether they ever find out whether Sunday is the Sab-bath or not, or whether or not they ever find out what the Bible says about the Sabbath. Yet, under the circumstances, and in view of the fact that they propose to compel everybody to observe Sunday, whether right or wrong, it is proper that THE AMERICAN SENTINEL should inform the people what the American Sabbath Union discovers by its inquiry. It is proper for us to tell our readers what Mr. Crafts finds the Bible teaches about the Sabbath. He says :Š The Bible presents the Sabbath, first, as God's day, then, as man's day. This is partly true and partly false. It is true that the Bible presents the Sab- bath, first, last, and all the time, as God's day. Sabbath means rest ; Sabbath day Ł means rest day. The rest which made the day the rest day, was God's rest. The rest day, therefore, can never by any possibility be anything else than God's rest day7  It can never cease to be a fact that God. rested. He himself can not change that fact. Therefore, the Sabbath, the res't iday, can never cease to be God's day. The Bible all the way through calls it. God's day. The fourth commandment calls it the Sabbath of the Lord thy Goa." Over arid over again he calls it " my Sabbath." In Isa. 58:13 he calls it, " my holy day," and the " holy of the Ł Lord." And in the last mention of it in the Bible, he calls it the "Lord's day." The Sabbath therefore is the Lord's, and nots,man's. As it can never cease to be God's day, it can never become man's day. —.It true,,—that tli1e Sabbath, the rest$  wasJnade for man. But :it ,was made for him to use as the Lord's, never as his  own. It was made for man to use in the worship of the Creator, and as Mr. Crafts himself says, We are to rest as God did, not by idleness— hut by rising from work among vegetables and animals to work for the souls of men. All these' statements, even to this one, from Mr. Crafts, go to show that for which THE SENTINEL has always con- tended--that the Sabbath is religious only. The occupations which become it are re-ligious only, and its observance is relig- ious only, therefore, no civil government on earth can ever of right, have anything whatever to do with it. This is further admitted in the same article now under notice. Mr. Crafts adopts as his, a quo-tation in which there is this statement made The week expresses religious authority and relig-ious loyalty. . . . We, in fact, know the week only as it is marked by a religious day. The week is terminated and marked only by the Sabbath. That day, accord- ing to this confession and ,every other consideration, is a " religious day." It is the mark, therefore, of religious authority and religious loyalty. And when the American Sabbath Union or anybody else endeavors to enforce the observance of that day by law, they thereby endeavor to enforce the observance of a religious day, to compel the recognition of a relig-ions authority, and the profession of re-ligious loyalty. This is further admitted, in the same article now under notice, where Mr. Crafts makes his own another quotation in which there is argued the impracticability if not the impossibility of enforcing arest day as anything else than "the holy day." This argument is as follows:Š The " studies " I have already quoted ably discuss the question whether a weekly holiday could be maintained after the elimination of the holy day. " There would certainly be some in England and America, if not elsewhere, who would advocate on grounds of public expediency, wholly apart from religious considerations, a legal holiday as frequent as the present Sunday. But it would, of course, be necessary to create this holiday by statute. More-over, to protect those for whose benefit it was in-tended, employers (other than those whose business is presumably indispensable) must be compelled to suspend work. Wherever such a law should be proposed it is absolutely certain that it would be vehemently opposed by two classes. One would urge, reasonably enough from their point of view, that to enact a weekly holiday would be substan-tially to reinstate the discarded sacred day; so that they would plead for a day unmistakably distinct, the eighth or_ tenth day or some particular day or days of the month. To them the week could not be other than a reminder of God. It should go with his day. Another class, larger probably and more influential, would argue,in the interest of commerce and industry, against frequent holidays. They would show that a day of dissipation and pleasure-seeking unfitted men for the next day's work. The restraints of religion having been removed the pro-posed holiday would infallibly (judging from expe-rience) be ninth more a day of reckless indulgence and debauchery than the worst kept Sunday is now. . . . Probably it would be shifted about froth time to time by successive legislatures. . . . It may be true that, in the long run, more wealth could he gained in six days, followed by a regular  Sabbath spent religiously, than in uninterrupted,  de-votion to business. But herein is involved the con iiideration ot"physical, mental, and moral benefits accruing from religious observance." This is exactly what THE SENTINEL has always, argued, and so far, this is what Mr. Crafts finds that the Biblelleaches about the Sabbath. We shall say more on this same subject next week, but for the present we shall close with the obser-vation that in the face ,')f all this, their own evidence, these men will say that the Sabbath is civil, and that it is only its civil observance that they would enforce by law. Could anything possibly be more disingenuous or more sophistical ? Do we not say well when we say plainly that they know the Sabbath is religious and not civil, and that they know that their plea for a " civil " Sabbath is a fraud ? A. T. J. California and the Sunday Law. - THE following bill was presented in both houses of the Legislature and referred to the Committee on Public Morals AN ACT To amend an Act entitled " an Act to establish a Penal Code," approved February 14, 1872, by adding to chapter V11., title IX., part I. thereof, three new sections, numbered respectively, 299, 300, and 301, forbidding the exhibition, opening, or main-taining of a bull, bear, cock, or prize fight, horse race, circus, gambling house or saloon, or any barbarous or noisy amuse-ment; or the keeping, conducting, or exhibiting of any theater or other place of musical, theatrical, or operatic per-formance, where intoxicating drink is sold, given away,. or used, on Sunday; forbidding also the keeping open on that day of any store, workshop, bar, saloon, banking house, or other place of business, for business purposes. THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA REPRESENTED IN SENATE AND ASSEMBLY, DO ENACT AS FOLLOWS: SECTION 1. Three new sections are hereby added to chapter seven, title nine, part one, of an Act entitled " An Act to estab-lish a Penal Code," approved February fourteenth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, said three new sections numbered, respectively, two hundred and ninety-nine, three hundred, and three hundred and one, to read as follows : SEC. 299. Any person who, on Sunday, gets up, exhibits. opens, or maintains, or aids in getting up, exhibiting, opening, or inanitaining any bull, bear, cock, or prize fight, horse race, circus, gambling house, saloon, or any barbarous or noisy amusement; or who keeps, conducts, or exhibits ally theater, melodeon, dance house, or cellar, or other place of musical, theatrical, or operatic performance, spectacle, or representa-tion where any wines, liquors, or any other intoxicating drink or drinks are bought, sold, used, drank, or given away, or who purchases any ticket of admission, or directly or indirectly pays any admission fee to or for the purpose of witnessing or at-tending any such place, amusement, spectacle, performance, or representation, is guilty of a. misdemeanor. Sno. 300. Every person who keeps open, on Sunday, any store, workshop, bar, saloon, banking house, or other place of business, for the purpose of transacting business therein, w punishable by fine not more than fifty nor less than five dollars. - SEC. 301. The provisions of the last preceding sections do not apply to persons who, on Sunday, keep open hotels, board-ing houses, barber shops, baths, markets, restaurants, livery stables, or retail drug stores, for the legitimate business of each; or to such manufacturing establishments as are neces-sarily and usually kept in continued operation; or, except as to keeping open a bar or saloon, to persons who, on account of conscientious scruples, observe and conform to the provision of said last preceding section on a day of the week rather than Sunday. SEC. 2. This Act shall take area immediately. Both committees met together on Wednes-day, February 11, for the purpose of hear-ing arguments for and against the 'passage of the bill, Rev. Edward Thompson, of the American Sabbath Union, Mr. Silcox, a Congregational minister, of Sacramento, Mr. Stevenson Porter, of the Westminster PreSbyterian Church, Elders G. P. Tymi 