THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 717 News, Notes . . and Comment THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY iS not an organ of any political party, and consequently is not affected one way or the other by the outcome of the political election. It has the same truths to present, the same principles of justice to advocate now that it had before. .4  .4 ° THE principles of just government are as eternal as the government of God, and are binding in all countries always, whatever may be the fate of the political parties that may champion them. .4  Ot THE Dejencler, a paper devoted to the advocacy of the legal enforcement of Sunday, notes with evi-dent approval that " most of the Jews who have kept their stores open on Sunday " " in the Jewish section of Boston " " have been fined by the lower court." " One man has appealed to the higher court." THE president of the League for Social Service, Dr. Josiah Strong, has written a book dealing with the subject of " expansion," in which he says that new conditions have rendered necessary a revision of Washington's Farewell Address. " Reduced to its simplest terms," Doctor Strong says, " Washing-ton's advice amounts to this, Let us, mind our own business.' Admirable advice for that age and equally good for this. Then our business was con-fined to this continent; now it is in the ends of the earth. By all means let us mind it." In this Doctor Strong voices the sentiment of most of the modern " reform " leagues and societies. .4  .4 SPEAKING of the proposed Catholic federa:tion the Catholic Mirror _says it is essential to " remove politics from the contemplated sphere of action," and then shows how this expression is to be taken by referring to Windthorst, the noted leader of the Catholic party in the German Reichstag, as " a states-man and political leader," who "is to be admired," and." to bp commended as an example, to every Catholic youth." Herr: Windthorst and his party  held the balance of power, in the Reichstag, and the government could pass its cherished measures through that body only by making great concessions to the Catholic Church. With this federation standing behind it and hold-ing the balance of political power in this country the Catholic Church says: "We want and demand the removal of all 'disability arising from sectarian bigotry and hate, whether in the minds of the leaders of one party or the bosses of another." .4 .4 A WRITER in " Arnold's Practical Sunday School Lessons " says that there are in the, United States, " about 225,000 liquor dealers and 1,200,000 bar-tenders." " More liquor is sold in one year than there is pork, wheat, and corn combined." " The drink bill of this Republic is $1,o25,0o0,00o." " The physical and moral results of this condition of affairs are shown by the fact that in the State of Ohio alone, out of 9,430 insane people, 5,186 cases were traced to liquor; of 16,335 criminals, 12,596 were drunk when they broke the law." Nevertheless it is a mat-ter of record in the Supreme Court of the United States that " this is a Christian nation." THE Catholic Mirror reports that "the Catholic societies of Peoria, Ill., are forming a federation, the movement having been started by the German Cath-olic Build. All the societies in the city are inter este I in the movement, and a prosperous organiza tion is expected." ot OF the States which at the late election gave an increased plurality for the dominant party over their vote in 1896, the foremost is Utah, with an increase of 41,00o votes. GENERAL THOMAS M. ANDERSON, who commanded the first expedition of soldiers sent to the Philip-, pines, denies the charge made recently by Bishop-McFaul in the North American Review that Catholic churches were desecrated by American soldiers. The general says: " While our American soldiers are not altogether saintly; it is not true that they have looted and desecrated churches." .4  .4 RIGHTS exist independently of government; des-potic power-may invade them, but justice still con-firms them. 