392 TIE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 49.  NEW YORK, DECEMBER 15, 1892. Nova.Š Any one receiving Tax AMERICAN Smvrim without having ordered it, may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered Tax SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. WE have no apology to offer for mak-ing the masterly article from the Arena for December, prominent in this number of THE SENTINEL. The Arena is a prince among magazines, and this article though not on a popular subject is second to none in power or dignity, and can not fail to receive wide attention. Let no reader of THE SENTINEL pass it by. Read it and ask your friends and neighbors to read it. Anticipating a demand for this article we have had a limited number of extra copies printed and will furnish them at one dollar per hundred. Those desiring extra copies must order at once. Another article in this paper which should be widely read is the one which appears on our first page. This whole question of congressional tinkering with a religious institution is too little under-stood. The article referred to presents a,  new phase of it, and one exceedingly likely to deceive. Do not fail, therefore, to read the first page matter in this number. THE National Reform Association is without an organ, and so has appointed a committee to confer with Rev. W. F. Crafts and Dr. T. P. Stevenson to ar-range, if possible, to combine the Chris-tian Statesman and the Christian Slate, making one paper to be the official and re.. sponsible organ of the Association. IT was stated in a meeting of the Execu-tive Committee of the Association, held in Philadelphia on the 7th inst., that if this result, namely, the uniting of these two papers, could be accomplished in a year, it would be a year well spent. The committee has good reason to apprehend some difficulty in dealing with Mr. Crafts, for he has shown a disposition to take an independent course. Indeed, as was stated in committee, he is not even a mem-ber of the National Reform Association, and it would be e little incongruous for him to have entire control of the organ of the Association. As a mat-ter of fact, it was plainly said by a member of the Executive Committee that the Christian Statesman under its present management does not correctly represent the Association. Indeed it rep-resents only Mr. Crafts and his Reform Bureau. It is not at all likely that the crafty man will be caught with any Na-tional Reform ollaff. Mr. Crafts was  shrewd enough to capture an old and well-established paper instead of starting a new one, and he is not likely to relinquish his vantage ground. The committee appointed to effect the consolidation of the two papers, evidently has a dif4tilt task to perform. THE National Reform Association held its regular annual meeting in Philadel-phia on Deceniber 6-8, and at the same time there was held- under its auspices a.  " National Conference on the Christian Principles of Civil Government." The meeting was slimly attended, and there was nothing new offered. The National Reform Association is away- behind the movement of which it is a part. The American Sabbath Union, so-called, is the real National Reform Association, and is doing vastly more so-called reform work than the original Association ever has done or ever can do until it getS out of its rut. It is impossible to give any news concerning the doings of an association that is thrashing over the same old straw that it has been " pounding for twenty-eight years, but we shall in firture num-bers notice some points presented at the Philadelphia meeting. THE article from the Arena, for Decem-ber, printed elsewhere in this paper, is a most excellent and timely one. The atten-tion of the people must be called to the outrages being perpetrated upon innocent men in this country in the name of good morals and good government, and in no way could this be more effectively done than by setting forth the facts editorially, as Mr. B. 0. Flower has done in his deservedly popular and widely-read mag-azine. /- Ł HITHERTO the press of the land has been strangely silent upon the subject. Editors would probably plead that the facts so vigorously set forth in the Arena had not been brought before to their no-tice in such a way as to challenge their attention and arouse their interest. They can say this no longer. Every reading man in the United States must now decide for or against liberty of conscience. Every newspaper of any influence must decide whether it will lift its voice against the iniquity which in Tennessee is outraging liberty, or whether by continued silence it will assent to religious persecution on American soil. Mr. Flower's article is a bugle call to the press of the country; how will the editors of the United States respond ? THERE is hope that the secular press will for the most part be found on the right side in this contest; but, alas ! the re-ligious press is, with very few exceptions, already committed to the support of big-otry and intolerance. It is true that com-paratively few of the religious papers have openly justified the Tennessee perse- cution, but the attitude of the denomi-nations for which they speak is such that their position is not a matter of doubt. The great religious bodies of the land have,  formed a confederacy for the purpose of crushing out all opposition to their ambi-tious schemes for the acquisition of power, and they have found their most deter-mined foes to be the very people who are being persecuted under the color and forms of civil law in Tennessee. The so-called Protestant churches and their organs will not, therefore, cry oat against the wicked-ness so ably and fearlessly assailed by the Arena. CARDINAL GIBBONS has written a letter to J. R. Thompson, of Chicago, declaring himself in favor of keeping the World's Fair open on Sunday. The Cardinal says :Š The Sunday closing of this spectacle would be very unfortunate for many thousands of our countrymen, who would be tempted to spend the day in dissipation. In their name I would favor the opening of the Fair Sunday afternoon to even-ing, with the provision that all machinery should be stopped and all mechanical and laboring work that will not be urgently necessary should cease. In this I do not see any desecration of the holiness of the day ; on the contrary, those who will visit the Fair on these days will be inclined to raise their minds and hearts to Him who inspired men who produce such marvelous things. When Cardinal Gibbons wrote to Mr. W. F. Crafts some two or three years since declaring in favor of a national Sun-day law, the then field secretary of the American Sabbath Union promptly added the 7,250,000 Roman Catholics in the United States to the number of petitioners for a national Sunday law. Will the American Sabbath Unionists now admit on the strength of the Cardinal's letter to Mr. Thompson that all the Catholics are in favor of an open Sunday Fair ? And if not, .why not ? IT is said that in Canada 230,000 more persons reported themselves to the census takers as Presbyterians than can be found on the roll of Presbyterian Church books. If the Canadian Presbyterians would only adopt American Sabbath Union methods of counting, this thing would be reversed, and the church would soon be claiming a membership of at least 230,000 more than the census takers, or even the tax collectors or death could find. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Sine gle copy, per year, - -. - $1.00. In club of 25g  too 24 copieso to one address, per ,par,_ - -898ce: 250to 499 44 4 44 500  to 999 6.6 St 64 46 44 100 to 249 " " " 64 - - - 70c. - - 75c. - - 65c. " 1000 or more " " - - 60c. To foreign countries in Postal Union, 5 shillings' Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bawl btreot, New Ycait pity, 