54 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. To show that our statement of the case is correct we copy the following London dis- patch to the San Francisco Chronicle of June 10 :Š "The Japan Weekly Mail in a recent issue summarizes the discussion now being carried on in Japan by several eminent publicists respecting the advisability of the people of that country embracing Christian religion. A movement, started by some very prominent persons, is on foot to give an impetus to the speed of Christianity by laying stress on the secondary benefits its acceptance insures. Those connected with the movement say that Christian dogmas are a bitter pill to swallow, but advise that it be swallowed promptly for the sake of the after effects. Fuka-Zawa, a well-known writer, urges this course, al-though he says he takes no personal interest whatever in religion, and knows nothing of the teachings of 'Christianity, but he sees that it is the creed of highly civilized nations. To him religion is only a garment to be put on or taken off for pleasure, but he thinks it prudent that Japan assume the same dress as that of her neighbors, with whom she de-sires to stand well. "Professor Toyma, of the Imperial Univer-sity, has published a work to support this view. He holds that Chinese ethics must be replaced by Christian ethics, and that the benefits to be derived from the introduction of Christianity are: (1) The improvement of the mind; (2) a unit of sentiment and feel-ing leading to harmonious co-operation; (3) furnishing a medium of intercourse between men And women. Kabolat, president of the Imperial University, who says that religion is not needed for the educated, and confesses his dislike to all religion, urges the introduc-tion of religious teachings in the Government schools on the ground that the unlearned in Japan have their faith in the old moral stand-ards shaken, and that there is now a serious lack of moral sentiment among the masses." And that is just as high as the standard of religion would be in this country if Chris- tianity were declared to be the national re-ligion. -A State religion never was and never will be adopted except from selfish motives. "Very Gracious." IN an address to the National Reform Con-vention recently held in Philadelphia, Rev. J. A. Wylie said of the proposed Sunday law :Š "It is true we meet with the plea that the rights of those who do not wish to observe the Sabbath, are violated by such legislation as we claim, but these laws bind all alike, no discrimination is made in favor of any. Like the pressure of the atmosphere on the human body, no injury is produced, because all parts are affected alike. In regard to those who observe some other than the first day of the week as a day of sacred rest, the law should not prohibit this, and if their consciences re-quire they should observe a different day, they may thank the law which secures to them an additional Sabbath every week." The Review and Herald, of Battle Creek, Mich., is the organ of a large body of people who observe the seventh day as the Sabbath, and the following from that paper shows holly they regard the " gracious " utterance of Mr. Wylie:Š " Isn't this very liberal and beneficent! After keeping the true and only Sabbath ac-cording to the commandment of God, and the dictates'of conscience, seventh-day observers  `may thank the law which secures to them an ad-ditional Sabbath.' Yes! thank the law which deprives them of one-sixth of their means of support! thank the law which would oblige them to pay a tax of sixteen and two-thirds per cent of their entire income to a hostile religious system thank the law which steps in and unceremoniously takes from them one- sixth of the privilege and duty granted them alike by God and nature, of healthful and often necessary six days' labor thank the law which compels them to pay honor to an institu-tion which they know is founded in falsehood, and antagonizes the law of the great Jehovah! The doctor of divinity who represents this view of the matter may think seventh-day people are such phenomenal fools that they will rush up and in the ecstasy of their grat-itude hug and kiss an old Moloch like this. But we think we know them better. " Let us test the matter in a clearly suppos-able case : Suppose .Mr. Wylie, who formu-lates this proposition, is called upon to go as a missionary to some heathen land. They have their false gods; he worships the true. Let us suppose further, that the heathen are found so bigoted as to enforCe by law the wor-ship of some one of their chief gods upon all the people. Mr. Wylie objects on the ground that his conscience requires him to Worship the true God alone. They reply, We do not prohibit this. If your conscience requires you to worship that God, that is your privi-lege; but, having done this, you may thank our law, Mr. Wylie, which secures to you an ADDI-TIONAL GOD! And, remember, this law is bind-ing on all alike; there is no discrimination made in favor of any. Like the pressure of the atmosphere on the human body, no injury is produced, because all parts are affected alike ! ' How would Mr. Wylie fancy that situation, and that way of reasoning to support it?" We are very sure that Mr. Wylie would write most pathetic and indignant letters about the religious intolerance of that country. It makes a great deal of difference whose ox is gored. The proposed law will not incom-mode Mr. Wylie, and so what reason has anybody to complain? The colossal selfish-ness and impudence of the man are greater than words can express. It is evident that Mr. Wylie forgot his il-lustration of the equal pressure of the air, just as soon as he used it. It is true that there is perfect ease so long as the air presses equally on every part; but just let one por-tion of the body be subjected to double press-ure, and there will be a continual sense of discomfort. And this equal pressure on every part is just what it is proposed to change. To one who should complain because he was sub-jected to double pressure, the National Re-formers would say, "You ought rather to thank the man who has secured to you twice as much air as other people have." He would doubtless fail to appreciate the kindness, and would prefer to take his air just as the Lord provided it for him, without having it tam-pered with by man. So long as men have Sabbath laws as God fixed them, there is no unequal pressure; but when they attempt to improve upon his plans they make trouble. A Word of Warning. UNDER the above heading, George W. Colles, of Morristown, N. J., makes a vigorous pro-test in the Christian Union, of May 31, against the growing tendency of the churches not only to accept but to seek aid from the State. It was drawn out by a previous article concern- ing the grasping nature of Romanism. Some may think his words too strong, but nothing but strong words will arouse anybody to the danger. Here are his words, and our readers can judge of them for themselves :Š " I would like the writer as well as the readers of Breakers Ahead,' in your issue of May 17, to consider also how the Roman conspiracy against our liberties is assisted by Protestant short-sighted grasping of public funds for the support of their institutions. All ecclesiastics are alike, be they Romish, Protestant, Jewish, or pagan, in this : that they grasp at power, and, to get it, will put their feet through the Charter of Human Rights. The non-Romish institutions who yearly accept a share (how-ever small) in the annual steal out of the pub-lic taxes know perfectly well that it is a steal, and that it shuts their mouths from saying a word to oppose the Romanists' grab, and that the priests throw them the sop for this very purpose; yet the dollars are hard enough to dispel their scruples, as well as to show what is their sincerity in adherence to American principles. The Church of Rome is by no means the only one which has no faith in hu-man liberty; they all want to make the Gov-ernment draw their individual loads. The most advanced Protestants are determined, if they can, to ecclesiasticize our Constitution and laws, and to destroy the equality before the law of all shades of thought, belief, and non-belief. When Protestant Christians ac-quire a deep-rooted and passionate love for the principle of absolute and entire separation of church from civil rule and from force, then, and not till then, can they as a unit oppose the hostile approaches of humanity's greatest enemy, the Roman conspiracy. This deep-rooted and passionate love for a high and ab-solutely vital principle does not now exist among Protestant churches as such ; for they accept with smiles gifts and advantages that will in the end prove their own destruction. " History repeats itself. Just what we now are, enjoying a large measure of freedom, just so was Europe at- one time. Just as Rome begins here now, she began in EuropeŠin Italy and in Spain. Just what Spain is to-day, we may be in a hundred years. Religion is one thing; its priests are quite anotherŠmerely men; at first animated with love for souls, and in their zeal seeing but a little way before them, and but one thing at a time, and pushing to their aim over every merely tem-poral object. Afterward, they or their suc-cessors, less pure in motive, or exchanging the true worship for the worship of an institution, become the despots who are perpetually aris-ing to overturn that liberty which they abuse. Grasping 'at public money is only one form of grasping at temporal power, just as grasping 