FEBRUARY 13, 1896. AlVIEMIECIC.AN SMNTTINIMIL. 53 the Constitution is in the highest degree ab-surd and impotent for the purpose at which it aims. Man cannot Christianize himself; how much less, then, can he impart Christian-ity to anything. He can make the laws over which he has control, just; and that is all that can be asked for any law. Justice is law, and justice is all of Christianity that can per-tain to any law of man. A human statute is valuable just in proportion to its approxima-tion to the unwritten law of justice. The true science of legislation is to discover and apply this law. While a correct form of government is es-palatial, it is also true that this would avail but little without respect for right and justice in the hearts of the citizens under it. As surely as this respect is lessened and the hold of depravity strengthened in the hearts of men, in ppblic or private life, so surely will affairs under this Government go on from bad to worse, without regard to the " Christian Amendment" which some are seeking to in-corporate into the Constitution. Ł CHRISTIANITY AND THE NATION. [Christian Work, Jan. 80, 1896.] OUR valued friend, Rev. Dr. W. W. Atter-bury, President of the New York Sabbath Committee, obliges us with a letter, in which he takes issue with a recent editorial utter-ance of this journal, that we are a Christian people but' not' a Christian nation. Dr. Atterbury is careful to recognize " the dis-tinction between the people and nation," and then says that " if the people be' Christian and the laws under which they are formed into a nation be also Christian, the nation is Christian," as indeed it is, provided the gov-ernment of the nation, embracing its legisla-tive and executive departments, have power to establish the Christian religion, and exer-cise that power. The fact that some laws are favorable to Christianity does not govern in the case at all unless Christianity is part of the common law ,or is established by statute. Dr. Atterbury says that the constitutional prohibition of an establishment of religion " does not apply to the States, but to tthe General Government alone." Exactly; and because it does apply to the General Govern-ment, whose functions alone differentiate us as a nation, from a mere aggregation of in-dividual States, therefore we may have a Christian State, but we cannot under our Con-stitution be a Christian nation. And here let us recall the fact that Massachusetts and Connecticut in the early days made Congre-gationalism, and Virginia made Episcopacy, the established religion of those States respec-tively. But all these statutes have since been repealed, so that not only are we not now a Christian nation, but not one of the forty-five States of the Union is a distinctively Christian State. As to this let us cite the testimony of the courts. Thus the Supreme Court of Ohio has expressly declared that " neither Chris-tianity nor any other system of religion is a part of the law of the State." This decision was reaffirmed afterward; and still later the same court said: " If Christianity is a law of the State, like every law it must have a sanc-tion; adequate penalties must be provided. . . No one seriously contends for any such doctrine in this country, or I might al-most say in this age of the world." [23 Ohio State Reports.] Again, Judge Welch, of the Ohio Supreme  Court, said that the teaching of the Christian religion in the public schools "violates the spirit of our constitutional guarantees;" that " if we have no right to tax the citizen to support worship, we have no right to tax him to support religious instruction." [Granger 0. S. R. 250, Board of Education vs. Minor et al.] And Chief Justice Cooley, of Michigan, declares "all support of religious instruction must be entirely voluntary." This not only settles the matter as to statutory law, but as to common law as well; for obviously there is no such thing as common law which can only be enforced by voluntary agreement and not at all by process of law. Further de-cisions to the same effect could be cited, but they do not seem necessary. To the proposition that we are a Christian nation, the first obvious reply is the prohibi-tion of the Constitution itself in the First Amendment, denying to Congress the right to make any law respecting the establishment of religion. Really this is the whole of it. We may still be a Christian people, but they surely cannot rightly be designated a Christian na-tion, although a Christian people, whose fun-damental law not only supplies neither sanc-tion nor penalties, but expressly prohibits the establishment of any religion whatever. Neither is Christianity the common law of the nation. Think of Congress being prohib-ited from enforcing the common law of the land! Yet such would be the absurd situa-tion were Christianity part of the common law. Furthermore, if the nation were dis-tinctively Christian, the Jewish and other re-ligions would owe their existence here to tol-eration; but they do not owe it to toleration, but to that perfect equality of right under which all religions occupy the same footing. Again, the negative evidence points to the same conclusion; for we find no mention of God in the ConstitutionŠnot even in the oath required of the President. Our valued correspondent, we think, makes too little of the Tripili Treaty with its declar-ation: "As the Government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion. . . . it has no enmity against Mussulmans," etc. This affirmation was made by Washington, then President, and his CabinetŠin which were Jefferson and HamiltonŠand by the United States Senate, many of whose members assisted in founding the Government and participated in formulat-ing its Constitution. And is it conceivable that such a declaration if false would have passed that illustrious body, our first United States Senate, unchallenged, if it asserted what was not true?Šor are we to suppose that Washington and Jefferson and Hamilton and Madison and Adams and Lee and Morris and Ellsworth and the other illustrious men of those days did not know whether or not the Government they were instrumental in estab-lishing was founded on the Christian re-ligion? That the declaration was not repeated in a subsequent treaty is not remarkable, but it would be matter of surprise had it been: one statement of this character was surely suf-ficient. And one word right here: Dr. At-terbury quotes the declaration 'of a Supreme Court justice that " this is a Christian na-tion," touching which we may say the justice who delivered itŠwe believe Justice Brewer Šupon being written to on the subject by the writer of this, replied that it was " a casual obiter dictum carrying no judicial force what-ever." * * For editorial comment upon this point, see the article "Casual °biter Dictum," on page 50. It seems clear, then, that the history of the formation of the States; the decisions of the Supreme Courts of Ohio and Michigan, the testimony of the Constitution itself, and the President and Senate in ratifying the treaty with Tripoli, and the absolute equality of right enjoyed by all religions,Šall establish the fact that the Christian religion, though a great moral force widely recognized, is neither the statute nor common law of the nation; that we are a Christian people, not a Chris-tian nation, just as. we are a Protestant peo-ple, but not a Protestant nation. And surely so long as Christianity is inwrought in 'the hearts and consciences of our people, it is of no concern whether it be in our statutory or common law or not. Putting it there would make us no better;.  because it is not there we are none the worse, for still it holds true that error may well be given full liberty where truth is left free to combat it. THE PAPAL CHURCH AND DIVORCES. [New York Tribune, Dec. 301 DR. PAUL POLLOCK, a former Catholic mis-sionary to China,preached at Father O'Connor's Christ's Mission for reformed 'Catholics last evening. In introducing Dr. Pollock, Father O'Connor read from a newspaper the account of the wedding of Count Zichy and Miss Mabel Wright by a Catholic Priest. The Ro-man Church, said Father O'Connor, contended that it never permitted any divorced person to marry into the church. Under the ruling made by the archbishop in the case, accord-ing to the speaker, any woman who tired of her husband, could easily get rid of him by joining the Roman church. All she had to do then was to contend that he had never been baptized, and the Roman church would declare that she had never been married. It was under such a ruling, Father O'Connor de-clared emphatically, that the dispensation for the Count's marriage was granted. Ł UNITED STATES SENATE ON SUNDAY LEGISLATION. [From a report on Sunday mails, by the Senate Committee on Post-offices and Post-roads, adopted by the United States Senate, Jan. 19, 1829.] IT is not the legitimate province of the legislature to determine what religion is true, and what is false. Our government is a civil, and not a relig-ious, institution. Our Constitution recognizes in every person the right to choose his own religion, and to enjoy it freely without mo-lestation. Whatever may be the religious sentiments of citizens, and however variant, they are alike entitled to protection from the Government, so long as they do not invade the rights of others. The transportation of the mail on the first day of the week, it is be-lieved, does not interfere with the rights of conscience. The petitioners for its discon-tinuance appear to be actuated by a religious zeal, which may be commendable if confined to its proper sphere; but they assume a position better suited to an ecclesiastical than a civil institution. They appear in many instances to lay it down as an axiom that the practice is a violation of the law of God. Should Congress in legislative capacity adopt the sentiment, it would establish the principle that the legislature is a proper tribunal to determine what are the laws of God. It would involve a legislative decision on a religious controversy, and on a point in which good citizens may honestly differ in opinion, with-out disturbing the peace of society or en- 