APRIL 6, 1893. SEINTTIN.lb.41L4 107 It is therefore clear that the Supreme Court decision and the Sunday-closing act of Congress were not only contrary to the best interests of the State, usurping au-thority that did not and could not of right belong to Congress or the Supreme Court, but they were unchristian as well, being contrary to all and every principle of Christianity. Those who were clamoring for that decision were asking for an un-christian thing, and the whole course is destructive of the best interests of the State and of the Church.ŠPublius, in Mankato Ledger. The Tennessee Tennessee Exemption Clause. THE Nashville Banner publishes a let- ter from State Senator Slaughter, of Ten-nessee, in reference to the enactment of an exemption clause, to the State Sun-day law, which the senator has intro-duced in the legislature of Tennessee. After quoting the bill,Šwhich has been twice reprinted in the SENTINEL,ŠSenator Slaughter says It will be seen that while this bill is intended to protect certain classes of Christians in their reli-gious rights, it especially provides that these peo-ple shall do nothing that will in any manner in-terfere with the peace, quiet, or religious rights of others on the day usually and generally observed as Sunday. And that while it will give to them the great blessings of religious liberty enjoyed by others, and as are guaranteed by our State consti-tution, it can do no harm or wrong to any class or religious sect of people. Under these circum-stances I can not see upon what ground any liberty-loving Christian person can object to an act that only carries out the intents and purposes of the constiiution, in placing all sects or classes of Christian people on an equal footing as regards their religious convictions of right. It should be remembered that the Sabbath, or Sunday, is not a secular, but divine or religious institution, ordained, "blessed" and " sanctified " by God himself as a day of rest, upon finishing his work of the world's creation. And it is further a well-known fact that, in accordance with the teachings of the Bible, all Sabbaths or Sundays known to either the Christian or Jewish world, were originated through God's creation of the earth in six days, and his resting upon the seventh, which was " blessed " and " sanctified " as a day of rest for future generations. Therefore it can not be said that these seventh-day people have no grounds upon which to base their religious belief as regards the seventh day of the week being the proper one to be observed as a day of rest in carry-ing out the teachings of the Bible and the will or command of God. As regards myself, I do not claim to be a Sev-enth-day Baptist or Adventist, and am very will-ing to accept our Christian Sunday as a day of rest, but as there are others who can not conscien-tiously do so, it is neither just or right to enforce upon them a sacrifice of their honest religious con-victions as regards a matter that they themselves, and not others, must be held responsible for. If these people are honest in their convictions, and we have no just right to doubt their being so, work by them on the seventh day of the week would be just as great a sin as it would be for others, with a different belief, to labor on the day that they believed should be observed and held sacred as a day of rest. It may be said by some that they could take two days and thereby comply both with the law and their own conscientious scruples in regard to the matter, but probably very many of limited means could not well afford to do injustice to themselves and families. In this connection I will take the liberty of asking a question which I trust will be answered by some of tho'se who are so much opposed to this slight change in one short section of our code of laws. Why are railroads, street car lines, livery stables, certain newspaper establishments and some other classes of business allowed to carry on their usual avocations with impunity, regardless of the Sunday law, whilst some poor people, good Chris-tian citizens, are subjected to fines, imprisonment, and other persecutions for simply obeying the dic-tates of their conscience in carrying out what they honestly conceive to be the teachings of the Bible in accordance with the will of God ? Will some good Christian people, who are strict observers of our Sunday law, be kind enough to answer this question ? sniay be seen by reference to the third section  of its declaration of, rights, our State constitution, with which no law should conflict, strictly forbids interference with the religious rights or conscience of any class or sect of people as regards their re-ligious belief in any manner. Upon the whole, I can see no good reason why any religious classes of good citizens within our boasted land of freedom should, because of their weakness or small minority, be deprived of such religious rights as are demanded by, and accorded to, others of the great majority, and I believe that if others will only give the subject due considera-tion they must view it as I do. It is not in ac-cordance with the principles of our free Govern-ment nor the principles of true Christianity; for the strong to impose upon the weak and helpless simply because they have the power to do so. This bill is so kindly in its intent, and prompted by motives so worthy, that it is an unwelcome task to point out how it mistakes the requirements of the situation, and fails to cover the necessity of the case. But that has already been done in two instances in previous issues of this paper. The advocacy of the bill by the honor-able senator, as just given, shows how his noblest impulses are aroused to defend the helpless from the persecution of those who intrench themselves behind an un- just law. The sympathy for those who are suffering wrong, and the desire to defend them now and protect them from further injustice, is so unreservedly evi-dent in this letter to the Banner that to cavil at the means proposed to reach the desired and desirable end seems, at first thought, especially ungracious. But this is a contention for principle, not between individuals, or sects or denominations. The question should be stripped of all extrinsic interests and influences, and con-sidered solely as a principle. It will then be seen that there can be no proper exi-gency calling for legislation " to protect certain classes of Christians in their re-ligious rights." The legislature and its enactments should protect all men in their natural rights irrespective of whether they are religious or non-religious. In the nature of things it is impossible for the State to make any inquiry as to the religion or lack of religion of the citizen without inevitably espousing an intol-erance. If the State takes upon itself to foster religion and give to it legislative and judicial cognizance it must discrimi-nate in favor of a particular form of religion, and must discriminate against the citizen who professes no religion, or some form different from that which the State recognizes. The senator says :Š Under these circumstances I can not see upon what ground any liberty-loving Christian person can object to an act that only carries out the intents and purposes of the constitution in placing all sects or classes of Christian people on an equal footing as regards their religious convictions of right. In this there are, unfortunately, three fatal errors. First, any Christian person who loves liberty will desire liberty for all men, and not for Christians alone; second, it is not the intent and purpose of the constitutional bill of rights to simply place all sects and classes of Christians on an equal footing, but to place all citizens on an equal civil basis without reference to their religious convictions ; third, this does not place all sects and classes on an equal religious footing, for it does not re-quire that the observers of Sunday shall so carry on their occupations on days when others worship as not to interfere with the " peace and quiet " of others upon the days on which they worship. And still it might be said that indirectly there is a fourth consideration in which this exemp- tion is inadmissible from the point of view of equal justice to all. That is this, the benefit of this exemption act can not be had except as a plea upon which to,  escape punishment after arrest. What would be said of the propriety of a law which made it possible for every first-day observer to be arrested and brought before the court for working on the seventh day and only escape fine and im-prisonment by pleading that he observed the first day of the week. If the act is a proper civil measure it will bear equally upon all parties. None can be constructed upon the subject which will bear equally and justly upon all. It is not a subject for legislation. It is not a question over which legislatures or courts have any jurisdiction. The only correct course is the repeal of this law to which this ex-emption is sought to be attached. W. H. M. A Tennessee Letter and a Reply. THE Chicago Mail, for Feb. 7, 1893, publishes an anonymous letter touching Sunday laws, which is a fair representa-tive of a large class of literature which goes forth to aid Sunday observance, but which is steadily injuring it by an un-avoidable reaction. It is too late in the world's history to talk about Sunday as the Sabbath of the Bible. Men who have investigated the case know that it is not. Here is the letter :Š A TENNESSEE YAWP. The following anonymous letter was received yesterday with the Tennessee postmark on the envelope:Š The reasons assigned for opening the Columbian Fair on the Lord's day are:- 1. For the benefit of the workingman. 2. In the interests of education. 8. To prevent the patronage of saloons. But the real reasons are:- 1. It will make business for the railways. 2. It will make business for the saloons. 8. It will increase the sale of Sunday newspapers. 4. Tickets of admission can be sold and money made on all days of the week. This is what the Lord has to say about it. It is old, but still valid, and has the sound of One who speaks with authority: "Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt-  not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sab-bath day and hallowed it." ONE WHO LOVES THE AMERICAN SABBATH. Our esteemed correspondent hails from Tennes-see, where, we understand, they put men who observe the Sabbath on the Sabbath day, in jail for plowing on Sunday. When " one who loves the American Sabbath " will point out that portion of the Scripture which authorizes the observance of the first day of the week as a Sabbath, and will give a reason, any reason, for calling it "American," instead of Swiss or Huguenot or Puritan or Scotch, we will be glad to shake hands with him on a com- mon basis of enlightenment. Then if he will explain the immorality that lies concealed in the carrying of passengers for pay by the railroads, or in the purchase of a Sunday newspaper, or how business will be increased for the saloons when the people are in Jackson Park, where there are no grog-shops, instead of loafing about the town where there are thousands; or where the evil is behind charging for tickets of admission, we will believe that this man who sends anonymous communications is possessed of sense instead of lacking in knowledge of the traditions of these United States, which have never known intolerance in matters of religion without scotching it. 