34 AMERICAN SENTINEL. first of all why the AMERICAN SENTINEL is uncompromis-ingly opposed to it. It is first of all in the interests of true Christianity, of genuine allegiance to the word of God, that we oppose the Christian Endeavorers, the mis-called Christian Citizenship League, the National Reform-ers, and the whole Church combination of the country, in their efforts to control the civil pOwer. In this matter their endeavor is antichristian. Its only influence is to misrepresent Christianity; its only result will be to en-velope men more and more in antichristianity. CONSTITUTIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY IS CHRISTIAN. The AMERICAN SENTINEL is published also in the in-terests of constitutional religious liberty. And this be-cause constitutional religious liberty is Christian. The provision respecting religious liberty in all the Consti-tutions of this country, is the correct statement of the principle announced by Jesus Christ as to the total separation of His religion from all governmental recog-nition. , Nor was it an accident that this is so. The original provision, on this subject, which has been followed in all the Constitutions in this country, is distinctly declared to be so enacted because of this principle of Christianity. Here it is with the leading reasons for it, as written by Thomas Jefferson, in 1779 :Š " Well aware that ALMIGHTY GOD HATH CREATED THE MIND FREE ; that all attempts to influence it by tem-pOral punishments or burdens, or by civil incapacita-tions, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and Mean-ness, and are a departure from the plan of THE HOLY AUTHOR OF OUR ImucuoX, who being Lord-  of both body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercions on either, as was in His almighty power to do; that the impious presumption of legislators and rulers, civil as well as ecclesiastical, who, being themselves but fallible and uninspired men, have assumed dominion over the faith of others, setting up. their own opinions and modes of thinking as the only true and infallible, and as* such endeavoring to impose them on others, bath established a.nd maintained false religions over the greatest part of the world, and through all time; that to compel a man to furnish contributions of money for the propagation of opinions which he disbelieves., is sinful and tyran-nical.. . . . "Be it THEREFORE enacted by the General Assembly, That no person shall be compelled to frequent or support any religious worship, place or ministry whatsoever, nor shall be enforced, restrained, molested, or burthened in his body or goods, nor shall otherwise suffer on account of.his religious opinions or belief; but that all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to maintain, their opinions in matters of religion, and that the same shall in nowise diminish, enlarge, or affect their civil capaci-ties." We repeat: This is the original statement, upon which the provisions respecting religious liberty, of all the constitutions of the country ,have been modelled. This original statement was so framed, in order NOT TO HE "a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion." Let it be borne in mind too, that this original state- meat of the Christian principle as a constitutional pro-vision. was in an earnest campaign against an attempt of a religious combination to secure governmental recog-nition of "the Christian religion." Thus in the origin and establishment of the form of government that is distinctively American, an attempt to secure govern-mental recognition of "the Christian religion" was un-compromisingly opposed expressly in the interests of the Christian religion and in order not to depart from "the plan of the holy Author of our religion." SOME UNDENIABLE TRUTHS. It is therefore undeniable that this provision in all the Constitutions is the expression of the principle an-nounced by Jesus Christ on this subject, and was in-tended by those who made it, to be in harmony with "the plan of the holy Author of our religion." . It is also undeniable that in upholding and defending this provision of the constitutions 9f the States and the Nation, we are maintaining the vital principle of Chris-tianity for States and nations. And it is further undeniable that all these churches, leagues; societies, and combinations, that are insisting on the governmental recognition of the "Christian" re-ligion in legislation, jurisdiction, and otherwise, even though they call themselves Christians, are violating vital Christian principle; are departing from "the plan of the holy Author of Our religion; " and are taking a course that is pOsitively antichristian. Let us not be misunderstood. We do not say that the people of these churches, leagues, and societies, are knowingly and intentionally taking an antichristian course. We simply say, what is plain enough, that they are doing itŠwithout any question or impeachment of their motives. We willingly do them the justice really to think that if they knew it, they would not do it. The priests, the Scribes, and Pharisees; of Judea did not knowingly and intentionally take the antichristian course that they did in crucifying the Lord of glory. If they had known it, they would not have done it. Never-theless they did it. And they could not have done it any more completely had they known it. Their ignorance as to what they were really doing, did not alter the nature of what they really did. It only lessened the measure of their guilt in the doing of it. And it was proper for the Christians in that day, to tell those church leaders and religious combinations that they had,  taken an anti-christian course and'had crucified the Lord of glory. So it is now : It is an antichristian course that these professed Christian Endeavor Societies and Christian Citizenship Leagues and Christian churches are taking in their efforts to have the "Christians" religion recog-nized by the governments, State and national, in their jurisdiction and legislation. It is antichristian. in that in so doing they override constitutional provisions that are expressive of the principle announced by Jesus Christ for governments, and that were established expressly to place and to keep 