JANUARY 10, 1895. A..1%11a1L-EIC.A_Ns s_EavrEN Lions are now being circulated and signed all over the State. These will be pre-sented to the legislature at an early day and an effort will be made to secure the proposed legislation. On the other hand, the forces opposed to the la* of 1794 are determined to secure important changes in the law. The first thing they propose is to take away from justices of the peace and other magistrates, the power of summary conviction in cases arising under the Sunday law. Violators of the Sunday law will then have to be prosecuted, if at, all, before the higher courts, and the chances of conviction will be materially lessened. In the first place, complaining, witnesses must attend court from day to day awaiting the pleasure of the grand jury, and this at their own expense. Then, when an indictment is found and the case set for trial, the pros-ecuting witnesses must again attend court day after day until the case is called. Then, if for any reason the accused is not convicted, the prosecutor must .pay the costs; and it is manifest that in many cases there would be no conviction, be-cause it is only reasonable to suppose that upon almost every jury there would be at least one man not in sympathy with the law or at least in sympathy with the ac-cused. Thus the friends of the Sunday-law would find themselves laboring under great difficulties. But it is not expected that this change in the law can be accomplished without a sharp contest; and as a sop to the Sunday- law advocates the anti-Sunday-law forces vgill probably consent to an amendment raising the fine to twenty-five dollars throughout the entire State. The Afftcf,-,4, this will Leauny seen: those who are not conscientious in the matter and have " influence," or who are willing to avail themselves of devious ways to escape the penalty of transgression, will nine times out of ten escape punishment, while the Seventh-day Adventist, who will not deny working on Sunday, but who, on the con-trary, avows his right to labor on that day, will fall an easy prey to the amended law with its increased penalty. We do not say that this is the design of either party to the Sunday-law controversy in Pennsylvania, but it will be the inevitable result. Another point of attack upon the Sunday law will be an amendment permitting the publication and sale of Sunday papers, the running of Sunday trains, etc., and the 'sale of cigars, soda water, etc., on Sunday. Ł This amendment will be op-posed first, last and all the time by the Sunday-law forces. The Sunday paper is declared to be the chief enemy of the " Sabbath ; " the " principal offender against the Sunday law ; " the " foe of Christian morality," etc. The Sunday papers and their publishers were de-nounced in unmeasured terms' in the New Castle convention, and it is evident there can be no compromise between them and the National Reformers. The people of New Castle were informed that petitions had been prepared and would be sent to every pastor in the State, and would very shortly be presented to the people for their signatures. Dr. H. H. George said in substance: " Let every man and woman sign these petitions. Sign them every chance you get. Let even the children, who are old enough, sign them." Doubtless this advice will be fol-lowed; the experience gained, in the matter of the World's Fair petitions has prepared to: way for all sorts of unscrupulous methods in securing signatures to peti- tions asking for religious laws. The motto seems to be: " The end justifies the means." Another matter that excited much en-thusiasm in the convention was a proposi- tion to establish in Washington City a " Bureau of National Reforms," or in other words, a National Reform lobby, modeled after the Roman Catholic bureau of Indian schools. It was Dr. H. H. George who proposed this, and he ex-plained the work that could be done by the proposed lobby. One object would be to keep the "Christian people" informed in regard to every measure introduced having any bearing upon religion or mo-rality, so that " proper " influence in favor of " good laws and against bad ones " might be brought to bear upon members of Congress by means of petitions, letters, and telegrams. He said that the " Chris-tian people" of the country had but re-cently learned their power, and how to influence legislation; and declared, " We can secure from Congress anything we ask." The scheme is to establish a per-manent bureau from which information and appeals can be sent out to every church and pastor in the United States, thus securing in favor of any scheme in which the churches are interested the united influence of " orthodox " churches. Congress will be deluged with letters, pe-titions and telegrams, until members will be made to believe that the demand for religious laws is well nigh universal; in short, the dishonest methods pursuA4 successfully ttilhidating and cajoling congress in the matter of closing the World's Fair, are to be made a permanent feature of National Reform tactics. This association, which for a time seemed to be overshadowed by the American Sabbath Union; appears to be destined to exert a far-reaching influence in perfecting the papal image in this country ; and the spirit manifested in the New Castle convention, especially by Dr. H. H. George and a few others, shows that the men who would burn bodies to save souls are not all dead. The spirit of the Inquisition still lives; does the spirit of martyrdom likewise survive ? Yea, verily; men are not want-ing who would die for their faith, even as some have already gone to prison and into the chain-gang "for the Word of God and for the testimony of Jesus Christ." Papal Prayers by the Pound. IN the latest issue of Le Christianisme, Pasteur E. Borel-Brun, of the Evangelical Society of Fraud°, describes a visit recently paid to Arpajon, a village near Aurillac, Cantal,, on the occasion of the festival of the patron saint. According to custom there was. at each celebration of the mass a " renage," or sale of prayers, at fifty centimes per pound ! An abbe went through the pews of-the crowded church, carrying a plate, and as money was placed upon it, he cried, " M. one pound. Mdme. two pounds; money paid." The priest seated ,in the pulpit repeated the words aloud, and from time to time announced the ever-growing total of the pounds of prayers, and the money paid in purchasing them. Another priest, seated at the foot of the pulpit, duly made a note of the names and the orders. M. Borel-Brun concludes his article :Š" In the third century of our era, Arpajon was Roman;  afterwards it became pagan. What prog-ress have we made since ?"ŠThe London Christian, Oct. 4, 1894. Bridging the Abyss. AN exceedingly interesting item of news comes from our neighbor, Williamsburg, in Iowa County. It is to the effect that Thanksgiving was observed in that place with union religious services held in the Methodist Church, and that the sermon was delivered by Rev. Father White, of the Catholic Church, joining with the Presbyterian and Methodist in holding services. Our correspondent states that Rev. U. B. Smith, of the Methodist Church, and Rev. Father White are the movers in this advance in. religious liberalism. Both of these gentlemen are advanced thinkers in their respective denominations, and no action has been taken in that community for many months that has caused so much interest in religious matters as this unique union service.ŠOttumwa ( Iowa) Owtrier, Put This to the Credit of Georgia. THE following resolution against a union of Church and State was introduced in the Georgia legislature by Hon. F. M. Hurst, and by his request referred to the Committee on the State of the Republic. Mr. Hurst said, in introducing his resolu-tion: " It is high time that we go on rword in no uncertain terms on this question. ?I:only believe that this resolution should be adopted, and for that reason I have in-troduced it. I shall do all in my power to secure its adoption by the House: "- WHEREAS in February, 1893, there was begun an organized movement by a religious combination composed of the evangelical churches of the coun-try to get the Government of the United States committed by direct legislation to a recognition of the Christian religion and a national adoption and en-forcement of Sunday as the Christian Sabbath or Lord's day ; and, WHEREAS, They proposed first to accomplish their purpose by an amendment to the National Constitu-tion declaring this to be a Christian nation, and so placing all Christian laws, institutions and usages upon an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land. In 1888, May 21st, Senator H. W. Blair introduced a bill to secure to the people the enjoyment of the first day of the week, commonly known as the Lord's day, as a day of rest and to promote its observance as a day of rest and a day of religious worship, and on the 25th day of the same month he introduced a joint resolution to amend the National Constitution so as to establish the principles of the Christian religion as the religion of the nation. These two pieces of legislation embodied the wishes of this religious combination, and immediately there was a strong effort made all over the country to secure the passage of the measures, especially the bill estab-lishing and enforcing the observance of Sunday. While it is true that this particular Sunday-rest bill did not become a law, the legislation having died with the expiration of the Fiftieth Congress, it is also true that those who demanded, formulated and promoted this legislation, never slackened their efforts, and they have now, 1894, obtained the grand object of their ambition; they have the National Government fully committed to the whole course of religious legislation. In the Fifty-second Congress, first session, the Sun-day law advocates concentrated all their forces and all their energies upon the point of securing the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday by an act of Congress. They sent to Congress petitions, backed up by threats so overbearing that their threats were denounced on the floors of Congress as an abuse of the right of peti Yet so great was the pressure of these religious lob-byists that Congress succumbed and enacted into law the act closing the World's Fair on Sunday and mak-ing the appropriation conditioned on this provision, put on and demanded by these religious lobbyists, thus delivering the Government, root and branch, over to these religious fanatics, to be governed and dictated to by them. And in addition to this legislation, and in advance 