THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 427 "One thing is sure," remarks the Springfield Re-publican, "that not until the man is set above the dollar can there be any successful modification of the power of concentrated capital." * * * The Anglo-Israel craze is again claiming attention. A Canton, Ohio, minister is said to be writing a book in which he will endeavor to show that an alliance be-tween this country and Great Britain is foretold in Biblical prophecy. * * "Christ did more for personal liberty in the world, when he taught personal accountability," says "Sun-day Reform Leaflets," "than all the political reformers that have ever lived." Very true. But why do not the Sunday "reformers" follow his example and teach personal accountability instead of teaching state ac-countability ? The St. Louis Strike. A reader of the Sentinel of Liberty writes to us from St. Louis as follows concerning the strike in that city : "Editor Sentinel :ŠI am a resident of St. Louis, and having followed the reports of happenings incident to the labor situation here, I must acknowledge that I was surprised at your article on the last page of your issue of June 7th. "It is true that several persons have been wantonly murdered, mostly by the newly-sworn deputies put in by the sheriff. If the outrage you speak of was com-mitted by men or even participated in by men, or by any person in any way connected with the strike, it did not appear in any of the trials, three girls being convicted of the crime. They were all Catholics of the lowest class. As usual we find Romanism at the bot-tom of our misfortunes. "If the strikers demanded recognition of the Tran-sit Company, and refused to disband as a union, have they not the same right to endeavor to dissolve the trusts that the trusts have to endeavor to dissolve them ? Or has the poor man no rights in America that the trusts are bound to respect? "I am in a position to know that the strikers did many things to facilitate a possible adjustment of the difficulty, but the Transit Company demanded uncon-ditional surrender. "For whose protection was our Constitution framed ? And for what reason or on what grounds can the strikers be censured because the deputies or hirelings of the Transit Company wantonly shot down our peaceable citizens ? One of our ministers was beaten by Officer Nolan because he met him on the street. The officer was a Romanist, as his name im-plies. The minister, Dr. G. E. Stokes, is a cripple, and at the officer's mercy, being unable to defend him-self had he so desired. There have been too many outrages of this kind since the strike here gave cover to this low Catholic element. "I never belonged to a labor union in my life, and  do not know that I ever shall, but I am an American, and live under the American Constitution, and am most emphatically opposed to these outrages against American principles and laws. To me there are no classes; I judge only as between man and man, whether they be rich or poor, free or bond. And may the God of Sabaoth deliver us from the prejudice of ignorance." We have no prejudice against labor, nor in favor of capital. The Scriptures speak of the very condi-tions which now exist- in the world, and in a way not at all flattering to those who are oppressing the poor. But two wrongs can never make one right. It is barely possible that the violence which characterizes almost every strike is committed, not by strikers, but by a "low element" acting simply under "cover" of the strike, but it does not seem probable. It is not reasonable that during nearly every strike there is a "low element" standing ready to jeopardize their lives and spend their money doing acts of violence, mob-bing nonunion men, blowing up cars, etc. In many cases trades unions of various kinds have shown themselves quite as despotic as have capitalists. We do not know all the facts connected with the St. Louis strike, and may have been misled by newspa-per reports as to some of the details, but we are not mistaken when we say that trade unionism is not less a foe to free government than combinations of capital. Both violate every principle of individual rights. B. A Presbyterian clergyman at Hamburg, Ia., where the question of enacting a Sunday closing or-dinance is being agitated, says in a Hamburg paper that "Columns might be filled with quotations from the founders of our nationŠfrQm Washington, Frank-lin, Adams, Jefferson and many others, exhorting our people to enact, keep, and enforce such laws" (Sunday laws). Not one of these many alleged quotations was cited, for the very good reason that not a line has come down to us from any of these founders of our nation favoring Sunday laws, while on the contrary Jeffer-son and Madison gave especial emphasis in their writ-ings to the necessity of keeping religion and the state entirely separate, and throughout their career as American statesmen took special pains to guard against any step in the direction of a return to the entanglement of church and state affairs, from which the nation had cut loose. Yet men who profess to be the ambassadors of the God of truth will stand before the people and say that "columns might be filled with quotations" from these men, favoring Sunday laws. Is it any wonder that infidelity in the United States finds plenty of ma-terial upon which to feed? 