20 CAW Von,. 11, No. 3. There are, unfortunately, in this country a large number of speakers and writers besides Mr. Fulton who are doing their best to launch the nation upon an iconoclastic mission of smashing everything that is not in harmony with their conceptions of right and the divine will. And they are forming organiza-tions, publishing papers, petitioning Congress and the State legislatures, and getting the support of statesmen and even of political parties, for the furtherance of their un-American schemes. Verily, a terrible storm-cloud is hanging over the religious world as well as over the realm of international politics. The time is at hand when, as one writer has said, " Old [religious] controversies will be revived, and new ones will be added; new and old will commingle," and the result will be confusion, hatred, strife, and every evil work. It be-comes us now to raise a warning voice against every movement aiming to enforce ecclesias-tical dogmas and settle religious controversies by the power of the State. -4- Ł THE POWERS THAT BE. A SOUTH DAKOTA correspondent asks:Š Can any earthly government be ordained of God that does not recognize God or Jesus Christ or the Scriptures in the constitution of that government In the Declaration of Independence our fathers de-clared themselves free from all other power on earth; free from the power of God and his Son Jesus Christ. This question can be best answered by Dan. 2:37, 38: " Thou, 0 king, art a king of kings: for the God of heaven hath given thee a kingdom, power, and strength, and glory. And wheresoever the children of men dwell, the beasts of the field and the fowls of the heaven hath he given into thine hand, and hath made thee ruler over them all." Certainly Nebuchadnezzar ruled in the providence of God; not simply by his per-missive but by his active providence. How-ever, we do not hold that the words of Rom. 13: 1, " The powers that be are ordained of God," refer to the men, or rulers through whom the powers are exercised, but to the powers themselves; " there is no power but of God." In Dent. 8: 18 we read : " Thou Ł shalt remember the Lord thy God; for it is he that giveth thee power to get wealth." Not only has God given man power, that is, knowledge and ability, to produce that which is necessary for his sustenance, but he has given him power to safeguard the rights with which God has endowed him. Such power, the power of civil government, is abso-lutely necessary for a race of social moral beings in a state of alienation from God. Sin makes every man selfish, and had God not given to men the right to protect themselves from the aggressions of their fellowmen, one of two things would necessa-rily have been true; either justice adminis- tered by God himself would have been so swift and certain as to have terrorized men and thus destroyed their free moral agency, or it would have been so long delayed as to have afforded no protection to those who had need of it. The Declaration of Independence does not deny, but on the contrary affirms the power of God, and acknowledges him as the source of all power; not indeed in so many words, but by a necessary inference, when it declares that " all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights." And it is for the pur-pose of securing these God-ordained rights that "governments are instituted among men,  deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." That is, God having given to men certain rights and given them the power to safeguard those rights, it belongs to them to say into what form of government that power shall be crystallized and by what individual or individuals it shall be adminis-tered. Every man has a natural right to maintain his own God-given rights; but God has cre-ated man a social being, and civil society naturally grows out of the nature of man as a social being. It is natural for men to asso-ciate themselves together in communities and in States; and when so associated the power which naturally belongs to each indi-vidual, the God-ordained power which is im-planted in the very nature of every man, is delegated to a few men who are chosen to serve their fellowmen in the capacity of offi-cers. The power is primarily of God; but because that is true, no man has a right to usurp that power over his fellowmen upon the pretext that he has been commissioned of God to exercise the power, any more than Guiteau had to take the life of President Gar-field upon the pretext of divine authority; or to exercise the aggregate powers of the people without the consent of the people; and that is what the 'Declaration of Independence means. The Declaration of Independence is not a denial of the power of God nor of the fact that all power is from God, but it is the denial of the right of any man to usurp au-thority over his fellowmen. Ł-Ł11.-Ł  THE SUNDAY " LAW " CONTEST IN ILLINOIS. [Special correspondence to the American Sentinel.] A VERY extended and interesting contest over the Cody Sunday " law " has now closed, at least for the present, with a complete vic-tory for the friends of religious liberty. Something like three hundred warrants have been sworn out during the past three months, and yet up to the present time there has not been a single conviction under the "law." A more determined opposition to the so-called Sunday laws has perhaps never been made, and a more substantial victory during the entire history of the Sunday agitation has never been gained over the Sunday forces. The methods pursued by the Sunday-law advocates were those usually pursued by this class of our citizens. Every judge who heard the cases pronounced the crusade persecution, and declared from the bench that the pre-tended enforcement of the alleged "law " was a disgrace to the officials implicated and tended to bring the administration of law in the State into disrepute. Nearly all of the newspapers, however, contrary to the general expectation, upheld the pseudo law,'and de-fended the Sunday advocates in their endeav-ors to enforce the statute. When the controversy had begun to attract considerable attention, Attorney Blakely, the counsel for the association contesting the validity of the statute, advised the people not to pay a cent to any justice as fines, costs, fees, or for any purpose whatever; but merely as peaceable and orderly citizens to go with-out resistance when the constable took them. Non-resistance would gain for them the ap-proval of the better classes, while non-pay-ment of fines and costs would deprive the persecutors of all gain in their trafficking with the liberties of citizens. This new movement surprised and at the same time enraged those enforcing the "law." The officials must go without money or it must be furnished by the Sundayists them- selves. One of the justices and the attorney representing the informers,Šthe " spies" or " rubbernecks" as they are termed in Chi-cago,Šhad a conference, and they decided to put a stop to any such movement once and for all. Like the Ephesians, they saw that their means of gain would be gone, and so they raised a great hue and cry against At-torney Blakely "violating " the law as well as the people. " You may either pay these fines or go to jail," were the words addressed to seven of the "criminals." " We will then go to jail, your honor," was the reply. " We have been advised by our attorney that all fines, costs, and fees, under an unconstitutional statute, such as this is, are illegal, and as citizens who value our liberty we have resolved to stand on our rights. We refuse to pay the fine." " I am sorry that you are following an attorney's bad advise," said the justice; " but you will have to take the consequences, not I. Mr. clerk, make out orders committing these men to jail." And they all went to jail, and the justice went along with the constable to see that they got there. It took until three o'clock the next morn-ing to get out writs of habces corpus, and let the men out on bail; but the men got out just the same, and were thus taken out of the jurisdiction of the justice court into the higher court where they were examined un-der the writ. When the examination was concluded, the judge was indignant at the justice of the peace, and declared that he was nothing more than a common barrator and added that if his attorney had advised him to pursue the course he had taken that the at-torney should be disbarred from practice. At the motion of Attorney Blakely, the costs and fees for the writs were charged against the offending justice, amounting to $80.50. The decision caused considerable comment and some consternation, but it was effectual in stopping the justices from sending men to jail to make them pay illegal costs under an unconstitutional "law." After this, some hundred and fifty case were taken before another justice by means of a change of venue, and the other justice after hearing the arguments, declared that the statute was unconstitutional and void, and dismissed the complaints. The Religious Liberty Association has been taking advantage of the controversy to intro-duce their literature, and it has received a hearty welcome. The Sunday forces now having been de-feated so effectually under the Cody Sunday "law " have determined to renew the fight under the "law" providing that no work shall be performed to the disturbance of the peace and good order of society on the first day of the week. It is therefore evident that it has been the religious institution and not the barbers, as they pretended that they were so particular to protect by means of "law " and force. In this movement the churches have been the chief supporters of the Sunday cause, and Victor F. Lawson has contributed $200 to defend the Cody statute in the Supreme Court. Mr. Lawson was one of those fined for disobeying the orders of the court in closing the World's Fair on one Sunday, and it is a very significant fact that those who are engaged in the present contest are the same persons as those engaged, contrary to the desires of the laboring people, in closing the World's Fair on Sunday, two years ago. In every new agitation the same old agitators come serenely to the front, and under some 