64 THE _AMERICAN SENTINEL. TI2e An2erieaT2 gentNel. OAKLAND, CAL., AUGUST, 1886. IN the Christian Statesman of July 15, there is a "Monthly Reading of the W. C. T. U." on " God in Government." As a specimen of woman-suffrage-religio- political'-sentimentalism it is a magnificent success, and a curiosity. Get it. As a sample of its lustrous scintillations we give just this one: "Evil tends toward its own cure." " THE Christian Statesman is not the only organ of National Reform. The Christian Nation, 252 Broadway, N. Y., is another weekly paper devoted wholly to the National Reform work. The Statesman, however, is, we believe, the official organ. With this exception we do not see that the Christian Nation is in anywise second to the Statesman. And, by the way, the Christian Nation also is of Reformed Pres-byterian origin and affinities. SAYS the Father to the Son: "Ask of me, and I shall give theeithe heathen for thine in-heritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession." Say the " National Re-formers" to the Son, " We will give to thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the utter-most parts of the earth for a possession, although thou host never asked it of us." Here are some " clashing voices " which Mr. Gault has evi-dently overlooked. WHEN the SENTINEL first appeared, the Chris-tian Statesman welcomed it with apparent evi-dence of pleasure because the work of Na- tional Reform, which had been languishing for want of opposition, would now be caused to prosper. But since then not a word has the Statesman said about the SENTINEL, nor has it made the slightest reference to us. The joy of the Statesman at the opposition of the SENTINEL must certainly be of that kind which may be fitly described as unspeakable. And we are glad. IN o, speech at the Wooster National Reform Convention, Rev. J. P. Lytle, D.D., said:Š " The national guilt contracted by the people in the affair of the Gibeonites was atoned for by hanging up unto the Lord, seven of Saul's sons." We have not space here for argument about this exposition, only to say that it is contrary to the Scripture. But we not only complain of the exposition; we dread the application that will be made of the principle when the National Reformers obtain the power to make atonement for national sin. THE prophet Isaiah says, "Unto us a child is born, unto us a Son is given; and the Govern-ment shall be upon his shoulder; . . . of the increase of his government and peace there shall be no end. . . . The zeal of the Lord of hosts will perform this." Strangely enough the "National Reformers" use this text as one of their arguments to prove that they are to restore the kingdom to Christ. In order to fit their case it should read, The zeal of the Na- tional Reform Association will perform this. The reader will say that such a perversion of the text would be blasphemy. So it would; but it would be no more blasphemous than is their foolish assumption of power to do that which can be done only by the Lord of hosts. THE report of the Committee on Resolutions at the late Wooster National Reform Conven-tion, in mentioning the death of two eminent National Reform preachers, says they were " like the three mightiest of David's worriers of old." David's "three mightiest worriers" is somewhat of a puzzle to us. It is easy enough to name the two that worried him most. These were Satan and Absalom, but as for the third "we cannot make him out. We .rather suspect that the Committee had Joab in view, for no doubt he worried David a great deal. He took advantage of the ruler's sin to exalt himself, and so ruled the ruler with a high hand; and this is precisely what the National Reformers are aiming to do in this Government. It is just possible however, that an eccentricity of the types has made the report say " worriers " instead of warriors. But even in that case the eccentricity is not at all inappropriate, for if the National Reformers do not yet prove to be the mightiest of this nation's " worriers," we shall freely confess ourselves most happily de-ceived in them. Model for Religious Amendmentists. THOSE who are laboring to procure an amend- ment to our National Constitution, in favor of religion, strongly profess their apprehension that infidelity and even Paganism will run riot in our fair land if not restrained by the strong arm of civil law. They are not the first to in- dulge such fears. Two centuries ago our worthy sires of New England 'engaged in the same laudable work, and carried it on to consid- erable success in some instances, as the " here-tics and malignants called Quakers," and also the Baptists, could testify, having experienced some of the " tender mercies " of those who were zealous for the honor of our long-suffering and compassionate Saviour. But sometimes their plans miscarried, as in the following case. This letter from a very pious Puritan explains itself, It cannot fail to be of interest at this time, as a bit of history which is so nearly trying to repeat itself, as its second centennial:Š " September, 1682. " To YE AGED AND BELOVED JOHN HIGGINSON:Š " There be now at sea a shippe (for our friend Esias Holdcraf't, of London, did advise me by the last packet that it would sail sometime in August) called ye Welcome, R. Greenwas, Mas-ter, which has aboard a hundred or more of ye heretics and malignants called Quakers, with W. Penn, who is ye scamp at ye head of them. Ye General Court has accordingly given secret orders to Master Malachi Huxett, of ye brig Porpoise, to waylaye ye said Welcome, as near ye coast of Codd as may be, and make captives of ye Penn and, his ungodly crew, so that ye Lord may be glorified and not mocked on ye soil of this new country with ye heathen wor-shipps of these people. Much spoil can be made by selling ye whole lot to Barbadoes, where slaves fetch gc3dorices in rumme and sugar; and we shall not only do ye Lord great  service by punishing ye wicked, but shall make gayne for his ministers and people. " Yours, in ye bowels of Christ, " COTTON MATHER." We recommend this as a model for those ar-dent Christians who are so intent upon putting down, by human authority, those who presume "to worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences,"in this age of enlightened Christian liberty. Cotton Mather was a man of undoubted piety, zealous for the cause of God, and a fine example of what " zeal toward God, but not according to knowledge," will produce. An order to " waylay° ye ungodly scamps " of' these last days who refuse to ob-serve " ye venerable day of ye sun," would be refreshing to the senses of those whose souls long for "Christian legislation" against those Mordecais who refuse to bow to their ideas, and to accept as Christianity their own mixture of Platonism and Roman Catholicism. If there is no hope of "making gayne for.  ye  ministers" by selling them in exchange for "rumme and sugar," they might still be made to add to the interest of religion by putting them up to be "raffled for" in a " church fair," and thus make "fun for the million,"- who are invited, as pleas-ure seekers, to fill the treasury of the Lord! We have Scripture example for this, too. Samson was used for a similar purpose; but we let each one carry out the comparison to suit his own taste. A Disinfectant Needed. REV. IC. MOFEETERS is a prominent National Reformer, and deposes as follows:Š "Jesus sustains a national relation to every nation. And it becomes every nation to ac-knowledge that national relation. But that acknowledgment is wanting. . . . The anointed Son of God shall yet be honored with this acknowledgment. . . . And if this acknowledgment come peaceably. . . if it come peaceably, we expect it to come at first through a political platform, for the platform is the living voice, or fetid breath, of dominant parties."ŠChristian Statesman, August 14, 1884, 19. 6. This idea of the political platform being the " fetid breath " of dominant parties set us a-querying somewhat after this manner: Suppose the National Reform Party were to become the dominant political party in this country. Then, according to the religio-political scheme which it proposes, would it not be what is described in Rev. 18 : 2, "The hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird"?  Then would not the term "fetid" fitly charac-terize the political odor that should issue from such a " bold "? And has not Mr. McFeeters exactly hit off the sanitary condition of the platform of. the National Reform Party were that Party to become dominant? Has he not "blinded better than he knew " ? THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. z.nrtms. SncoLB COPY, per year,  50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscriptions, post- - Ł Ł - - 28. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street. Oakland, Cal. 