MARCH 14, 1895. IINTFAL,— 83 CONFLICTING VIEWS. THE following editorials are among the most recent contributions to the discussion of the question, are laws enforcing Sunday ob-servance of the nature of the religious legisla-tion of a State-church polity, or are they purely civil enactments for the protection of the man and not the day:Š THE ' INDEPENDENT, FEBRUARY 21. We are rather severely taken to task by the Sab-bath Outlook, a Seventh-day Baptist publication, for an editorial concerning the prosecution and im-prisonment in Maryland and Tennessee of seventh-day keepers for violating Sunday laws. It says we undertake a "lame apol-ogy " for the wrongs done, and that, when we say that Sunday laws are not enforced by the courts be-cause of the divine sanc-tion or because of the re-ligious aspects of the day, we are guilty of an " eva-sion of facts." Let us see. Dr. Spear, in his " Reli-gion and the State," shows that the Christian Sabbath is not an institution of the Federal Government, and is wholly unmentioned in any of the State constitu-tions except that of Ver-mont; that it is treated in the laws as a day of cessa-tion from labor, and not as a religious institution; and that the State courts ' have taken an entirely sec-ular view of it. Thus the Supreme Court of New York held that it is a " civil and political insti-tution," resting on the same foundations as the laws against gambling, lotteries, selling intoxi-cants on election days, etc. ; that of Pennsylvania that it is only a " civil regulation ; " that of South Carolina that Sunday is a " mere day of rest," with which religion has nothing more to do than with a statute which should make July 4th or January 8th a rest day; that of Alabama that Sunday legislation is simply an exercise of the police power, and " cannot be justified on the ground that such abstinence [from labor] is enjoined by the Christian religion ; " and that of Ohio that the va-lidity of such legislation is " neither strengthened nor weakened by the fact that the day of rest it en-joins is the Sabbath day." Other citations are given by Dr. Spear; and he reaches the conclusion that the whole theory of Sabbath legislation, as expounded by the courts, is that it rests not upon divine sanc-tion or religious reasons, but the desirability of se-curing a regular rest-day, and of protecting those who religiously observe it from annoyance and dis-turbance. The Independent is still clinging to the er-roneous and illogical idea that Sunday laws are not religious legislation. It is driven to this defense because it is unwilling to adopt the State-church theory in which Sunday laws .were born, and at the same time unwilling to abandon its defense of such laws. We have published the editorial from the Christian Statesman to show that there is a wide dis- agreement among Sunday-law advocates on the point of the nature of these laws. The Christian Statesman, the acknowledged leader in the crusade for the enactment and enforcement of Sunday laws, boldly avers that such laws are religious laws, that the only consistent basis for such laws is the divine command of God, and all attempts to place these laws on a civil basis is itself " po-litical atheism." Laying aside the question of facts, the opinion of the Christian States-man is more important than that of the Inde- pendent, because the Statesman is the recog-nized champion of the Sunday-law movement in the United States, and devotes more space to the discussion of the question in a single issue than the Independent does in a month. But as regards facts: The Statesman is cer-tainly correct in its claims that Sunday laws are religious enactments. It traces Sunday laws through the State-church period of colo-nial days to the English State-church enact-ment of Charles II., and from there back to Constantine's famous law. No one can read the law of Charles II. in connection with the Sunday laws of the several States and deny that they are modified copies of it. These facts the Independent will not attempt to deny. So much for the origin. Neither will the Independent deny that the demand for them comes from the Church. Rev. W. F. Crafts, in his book the " Sabbath for Man," says: " During nearly all our American history the churches have influenced the State to enact and improve Sabbath laws." The Independent attempts to hide behind the decision of courts that Sunday laws are civil regulations. It is true that most of the courts have taken this view, but although this is law it does not follow that it is fact. The Supreme Court of the United States once de-cided that the negro " had no rights which the white man was bound to respect." The Independent, while admitting for the time be- ing that this was law, would deny that it ever was a fact. Sunday laws are religious in origin, nature, and object, and when courts can make sin righteousness they can make Sunday laws religious. But the courts are not a unit in placing Sunday laws on a purely civil basis. The United States Circuit Court, in its decision of the famous King case, denominated as " dis-ingenuous" the " argument of his [King's] adversary sects that it is the economic value of the day of rest and not its religious char-acter which they would preserve by civil law." Again, the Supreme Court of California, ex parte Newman, reviews the decision of certain courts that Sunday laws are mere civil regu-lations, in the following forcible language:Š These decisions are based upon the ground that the statutes requiring the observance of the Christian Sab-bath established merely a civil rule, and make no dis-crimination or preference in favor of any religion. By an examination of these cases, it will be seen that the position taken rests in mere assertion, and that not a single argument is adduced to prove that a preference in favor of the Christian religion is not given by the law. In the case in 8 Barr, the court said: "It [the law] intermeddles not with the natural and indefeasi-ble right of all men to worship Almighty God accord-ing to the dictates of their own consciences ; it compels none to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or to maintain any ministry, against his consent; it pretends not to control or interfere with the rights of conscience, and it establishes no preference for any religious establishment or mode of worship." This is the substance of the arguments to show that these laws establish no preference. The last clause in the extract asserts the proposition broadly; but it is surely no legitimate conclusion from what precedes it, and must be taken as the plainest example of petitio principii. That which precedes it establishes that the law does not destroy religious toleration, but that is all. Now, does our constitution, when it forbids dis-crimination or preference in religion, mean merely to guarantee toleration ? For that, in effect, is all which the cases cited seem to award, as the right of a citizen. In a community composed of persons of various reli- gious denominations, having different days of worship, each considering Iris own as sacred from secular em-ployment, all being equally considered and protected under the Constitution, a law is passed which in effect recognizes the sacred character of one of these days, by compelling all others to abstain from secular em-ployment, which is precisely one of the modes in which its observance is manifested and required by the creed of that sect to which it belongs as a Sabbath. Is not this a discrimination in favor of the one? Does it require more than an appeal to one's common sense to decide that this is a preference ? And when the Jew or seventh-day Christian complains of this, is it any answer to say, Your conscience is not constrained, you are not compelled to worship or to perform reli-gious rites on that day, nor forbidden to keep holy the day which you esteem as a Sabbath ? We think not, however high the authority which decides otherwise. The truth is, however much it may be disguised, that this one day of rest is a purely religious idea. Derived from the Sabbatical institutions of the an-cient Hebrew, it has been adopted into all the creeds of succeeding religious sects throughout the civilized world; and whether it be the Friday of the Moham-medan, the Saturday of the Israelite, or the Sunday of the Christian, it is alike fixed in the affections of its followers beyond the power of eradication; and in most of the States of our confederacy, the aid of the law to enforce its observance has been given, under the pretense of a civil, municipal, or police regulation. Once more, Chief Justice Rafin of the Su-preme Court of North Carolina in the case of the State vs. Williams, thus honestly and can-didly says:Š The truth is that it [Sunday labor] offends us, not so Ł much because it disturbs us in practicing for ourselves the religious duties, or enjoying the salutary repose or recreation, of that day, as that it is, in itself, a breach of God's law, and a violation of the party's own reli-gious duty. The history of the " civil " claim for Sun-day laws is thus briefly told in the history of other religious legislation by the Baptist his-torian, Robert Baird :Š The rulers of Massachusetts put the Quakers to death and banished " Antinomians " and "Anabaptists," not because of their religious tenets, but because of their violation of civil laws. This is the justification they pleaded, and it was the best they could make. Miserable excuse! But just so it is; wherever there is such a union of Church and State, heresy and her-etical practices are apt to become violations of the civil code, and are punished no longer as errors in re-ligion, but infractions of the laws of the land. So the defenders of the Inquisition have always spoken and written in justification of that awful and most iniqui-tous tribunal.ŠReligion in America, p. 94. It is true that a large majority of court de- cisions have embodied the " civil " view of Sunday laws, but these decisions have fol- lowed precedents long established and from which jurists have not dared to break away. These precedents were established under a- ter-rible ecclesiastical pressure brought to bear upon the courts, which demanded the trans-ference of a State-church measure from the church establishment of England to the dis-establishment in America, and a " civil " reason for it. The United States Circuit Court decision, previously referred to, states the situation thus:Š The court, in cases like this, cannot ignore the exist-ing customs and laws of the masses, nor their prejudices and passions even, to lift the individual out of the re-straint surrounding him because of these customs and laws before the time has come when public opinion shall free all men in the measure desired. Seventh-day Adventists bring no railing accusation against our courts. They charge no man with dishonesty. The churches have demanded Sunday legislation of the legislators and sustaining decisions from judges. We are persuaded that there are judges who are as anxious to let the inoffensive seventh-day observers go free, as was Pilate to save the life of Jesus; but outside the court stands the Church as of old with threatening mien, pointing to the law and demanding their pun-ishment under penalty of political death. "Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from above: therefore he that delivered me unto thee habil the greater sin," J01111 19;11, THE " CHRISTIAN STATES-MAN," FEBRUARY 2. It will be noticed that in the clear and strong convention address given in this issue, the author uses the common and offi- cially-accepted legal phrase "Sunday laws." This he does, evidently, in order to have the term through- out the address the same as that made use of in our statute books and in our courts. In the same way the author occasionally speaks of " a civil Sun-day." We refer to this matter for the purpose of urging the most careful distinction in,  the use of the words " Sabbath " and "Sunday. " The latter word is correctly used only in relation to the first clay of the week or anything con-nected with that day when the idea of the Sabbath as an institution for rest and worship is entirely want-ing. A Sunday newspaper is a paper published on the first day of the week in violation of the Sab-bath. A Sunday-school is properly a school on the first day of the week with-out any closer relation to the rest and worship of the Sabbath than a Mon-day school might have. A Sabbath-school is one on the first day of the week for the promotion of what is in support of the rest and worship of the Sab-bath. So a law for the purpose of preventing Sab-bath desecration is proper-ly a Sabbath law. A Sun-day law is one like that of Louisiana which simply places the first day of the week on a level with such legal holidays as the 4th of July and Christmas. It contains no implication of the sacredness of a day of rest and worship, or of the institution of the Sabbath. But in our States generally this institution of a rest day and a day for worship is most clearly kept in view in the laws concerning the first day of the week. The proper designation of those laws, therefore, is Sabbath laws, and not Sunday laws. And we are sure that it would lead to a better re-gard for these laws as based on the divine law itself, if they were always designated in our statute books and in our courts as well as in general and popular usage by their right name. 