530 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. to abolish " wage-slavery "-and-all "-class rule." All people, both men and women, are to have " equal civil and political rights," etc. This socialist program, like some plausible scien-tific theories, is all very good except that it will not "work." It is not true that ",life, liberty and hap-piness depend upon equal political and economic rights," else would the problem of securing happi-ness in this world be far other than what it is. All people have, by birthright, " equal political and economic rights," but unless one's rights are re-spected by his neighbors and by those in positions of power the possession of them avails him nothing. And what can make the people respect each other's rights? What scheme can possibly be devised whereby respect for rights, can be put into a person's heart? Law restrains the criminal, but the force of law depends upon public sentiment; the law is effec-tive only because the majority are not criminally in-clined. Let the majority lose respect for human rights and all law would be powerless to protect them. The law depends upon the respect; the re-spect does not depend upon the law; it can not be manufactured by law. It proceeds from anothe,r source than any over which human devices have any control. Happiness Not a Class Privilege. Furthermore, it is not true that happiness is, se-cured even by'respect for personal rights. Happi-ness is the great goal at which human effort aims, and without 'which life is but a burden and liberty an empty sound. But who by any possible manipula-tion of all the privileges and powers/which wealth and influence can obtain can make himself secure in happiness? Who are the happy people in the world? Are they not to be found in all classes, as proof that happiness is not a class privilege, or de-pendent upon anything by which the division of, the people into classes is produced? Can the man who is not master of himself, who is a slave fo appetite and passion, be happy? Can the path of immorality and sin lead to happiness? Scripture declares not, and all human experience agrees with its declaration. But the Social Democratic " party are appa-rently blind to the force of such considerations. They are apparently oblivious to the lessons of his-tory. They have at last discovered the great panacea for which the world has been waiting six thousand  Ł years, and which eluded-tine -search and baffled the wisdom of all previous ages. Mr. Debs concludes. his presentation ,of socialism with this glowing pic-ture: " "This will mark the end of the capitalist system..  The factories and mills and mines, the railroads and telegraph and telephone, and all.the means of pro-duction and distribution will be transferred to the people in their collective capacity; industry will be operated cooperatively, and every human being will have the ' inalienable right' to work and to enj -)y the fruit of his labor. The hears of labor will be re-duced according to the progress of invention. Rent, interest and profit will be no more. The sordid spirit 9f commercial_ conquest will be dead_ War and 'its ravages will pass into history. Economic equality Will have triumphed, labor will stand forth emancipated, and the sons and daughters of men will glorify the triumphs of Social Democracy." Human Schemes Can Not Circumvent Selfishness. Great indeed will be the triumph of a scheme which transforms this abode of misery and injustice into a suburb of Paradise, without eliminating from men's hearts the selfishness which is ever prompt ing them to disregard the interests of their fellow- men! Great will be its triumph if it triumphs. But will it triumph? What can circumvent selfish- ness? ,Can legislation hold it back can any dispo- sition of political and industrial forces keep selfish-ness within bounds, so that 'it shall not work harm in human society? No; selfishness is too subtle an evil to be barred by such restraints. As well talk of holding back water with a sieve. All schemes of human devising are inefficient in dealing with the forces that flow from the heart. " Life, liberty and happiness " depend; for their full realization upon the elimination of selfishness; and the individual must first of all eliminate this, from his own heart. Then he himself will be happy,. and happiness will become general when selfishness, is removed from all hearts. But the socialist pro-giam aims only to restrain itŠto hold it back within; confines where it will be harmless. , Such attempts; are in the wisdom of man, not that of man's Creator.. His way of salvation is by the gospelŠthe power of. God exercised in the wisdom of God. It is necessary that rights should be preserved' in the earth, and human governments with their legislative and executive powers are necessary to. this end. But they can not be made: to serve the; 