492 AMERICAN SENTINEL. IT is reported that the military authorities in Wash-ington have determined to institute the unusual proceed Ł ing of forming a board of inquiry to find out who is really entitled to the credit of sinking the Spanish fleet at Santiago. Ordinarily, there is no occasion in naval combats for any question as to the rightful claimant of the glory; but it appears that in this instance there are a number of parties who are willing to take all the credit for the victory that the public can be persuaded to give them. In fact, each one of the ships engaged is reported as being, in the minds of the captain and crew, mainly responsible for sending Cervera's fleet to the bottom; while Rear-Admiral Sampson, who was not present at the engagement, reports that the victory was won by the "ships under my command," in pursuance of orders left in anticipation of such a move as was made by the Spanish fleet. The Board of Inquiry will sift the con-tending claims, and if possible ascertain which one of the candidates for superior honors is not making a bigger claim than is justified by the facts. These facts do not seem to reflect very favorably upon the reputed Chris-tianity of the parties concerned. CAPTAIN PHILIP, of the battleship "Texas," who said that the combatant who begins a fight on Sunday always gets defeated, is reported as defending his statement by the assertion that at Manila, the first shot was fired by the Spanish admiral, and not by Commodore Dewey. But what was the Spanish admiral, under such circum-stances, to do? His ships were at anchor in the bay, as a good Sunday-observing fleet should have been, and the American fleet was bearing down upon him under full sail, and only waiting to get within range before sending a broadside against him from their loaded guns. Com-modore Dewey had given word to Captain Gridley, of the "Olympia," "You may fire, Gridley, when you are ready." Was he waiting for the Spanish admiral to fire the first shot? These points only need be mentioned to demon-strate that the responsibility for that Sunday battle lay wholly with the victorious Dewey. * NOR does it appear that the captain of the "Texas" was himself under any necessity of fighting on the Sun-day when the Spanish fleet came out of Santiago harbor; for the Spanish were only bent on escape, and the Ameri can ships might have allowed them to do so without themselves suffering any harm. That, to be sure, would  have called for a court-martial by the military authori-ties; but if battles are to be fought with due regard to the supposed will, of God for the observance of Sunday, that will and not the will of the naval board or other human authority, must, in case of conflict, be regarded. In this case the captain must assume that he was justi-fied in fighting on Sunday merely to prevent the -enemy's escape. * THE late "bread riots"Šso-calledŠin Italy, had, it appears, a deep significance. They were, it is said, noth-ing less than an effort of the clerical party to produce a revolution, inaugurate a republic, and by it reestablish the temporal sovereignty of the pope. A German paper of Leipsic states that the Italian government holds the Catholic Church responsible for the disturbances, and , that the relation between church and state wiil be even more strained than it has been for some years past. Thus the pretended vicar of the "Prince of Peace" ap-pears in the character of a disturber of the peace, a pro-moter of discord and revolution; for the action of the clPrical party stands for the action of the pope. The Tennessee Arrests. As MENTIONED in our last issue, two recent arrests for Sunday desecration have been made in eastern Ten-nessee. In reply to a letter of inquiry, we have received a letter giving details of the affair, as follows :Š "In Briceville, Anderson County, is situated the Knoxville Iron Company's coal mine, where hundreds of men find employment. Here a number of men are at work every Sunday; and up to July 25, no case is on record of any person being molested for so doing. But when Messrs. Bates and Cash, young men, who about a year ago commenced the observance of the Sabbath of the Lord, went to work Sunday, July 24, the judge (who had on a number of instances openly violated the same law for which he issued a warrant for their ar-rest), saw Mr. Bates and Mr. Cash going into the coal mine, or going toward it rather, in their bank garb, and on the strength of that, and a little encouragement by the way of intimidation from a few of his Baptist(?) asso-ciates, he was led to issue a warrant for their arrest. "In the complaint the judge swore without any qualification whatever, that those two men worked in his presence, when, in fact, if they worked at -all, it was not less than two thousand feet back under the moun-tain; and his house is, at least, three hundred yards from the entry of the mine. Yet he swore the work was performed in his 'presence.' And the main witnessŠa Mr. Russell, who appeared for the prosecution, had, on that day, worked hard in full view of the 'squire's' house and in a direct line too toward where Bates and Cash were seen to enter the mine, or were supposed to have entered. 