'FI-3E SENTINEL,- OF. LIBERTY. from it; and branchesŠindividualsŠare taken from the wild olive treeŠfrom among the GentilesŠand be-come a part of the tame olive tree, partaking of its "root and fatness," contrary to nature ; since in natural grafting the fruit produced is not that of the root, but that of the scion. In his zeal to arraign the church for its short-comings Mr. Bigelow inveighs even against the New Testament itself. The New Testament is certainly Christian. If it is not we have no standard by which to determine what Christianity is. The Apostle Paul taught masters to be kind to their slaves, and slaves to obey their masters. He even sent Onesimus, an escaped slave, back to his master, Philemon. Thus Paul wrote and thus he did, not because he was in sympathy with slaveryŠfor we know from his letter to Philemon that he was not, since he wrote him to receive Onesimus "no longer as a servant, but more than a servant, a brother belovedŠbut because he was preaching a very different gospel from that which teaches that "it is the business of the church to save the world, not to rescue souls from the world." There was probably as great political corruption in the Roman Empire in Paul's day as there is in the United States to-day, yet we find the apostles saying not one word about "civic righteousness and social justice." They did not pose as political reformers in any sense. Their commission did not authorize them to do any such work. They simply preached the gos-pel. They besought men to be "reconciled to God." They taught obedience to his law and loyalty to him even in the face of death ; and every one of them, ex-cepting John, sealed his testimony with his blood ; and John was banished to Patmos for his devotion to his Lord. But not one of them ever undertook to change the civic or social customs of Rome, nor of any part of it, except by teaching individuals to live righteous lives, to obey the Golden Rule, to deal just-ly and to do justic. Of course this had a great in-fluence upon civic and social customs. For example, from being intolerant of Christianity Rome became tolerant, and proclaimed liberty of conscience for all. Then it was that there arose advocates of national salvation, and in their endeavors to "save the nation" by making it "Christian," ruined it entirely by making it papal. The world with its institutions is a sinking ship. The church should man the life-boat, not the pumps. Inspiration likens it to a burning building: "Some save, snatching them out of the fire," says the apostle. Jude, verse 23, R. V. The church needs not more political "reformers," but more "fishers of men." B. Make the flag stand for the right, and do not try to force right to stand by the flag. A Distinction Without a Difference. In endeavoring to show a necessity for Sunday laws, it is admitted that the state has no right to re-quire Sunday rest on religious grounds ; but it is held that the state can rightfully require the same thing on civil grounds. If the state made an individual stop work on Sunday because Sunday is a religious day, that would plainly be doing him a wrong ; but if it required him to desist from Sunday work because rest one day in seven is a physical necessity to man's well being, or something of that kind, that would be all right. Precisely the same thing is required of the individ-ual in both cases ; precisely the same effect is felt by the individual. Yet we are asked to believe that in the one case he would be suffering a wrong, while in the other case there would be no wrong done to him whatever. Whether he suffered an injustice or not would be not a question of the nature of the act or its result upon him at all, but only of the motive by which the act was prompted ! Such distinc-tions we confess are altogether too fine for our com-prehension. If the thing prohibited were something wrong in its very nature, as murder or theft, the case would be different. The state cannot deal with murder from a religious standpoint, that is, as a sin, but can deal with it as a crime, and as such prohibits it under the severest penalties. But honest labor cannot be classed with murder, theft, or any other act wrong in itself. Honest labor is not a thing to be prohibited as an enemy of social peace and order. It would be far more reasonable to prohibit idleness on such grounds, since idleness is known to breed disturbance and crime. In the one case the act is wrong in itself, and is prohibited for that reason. By its prohibition no in-justice can be done to anyone. In the other caseŠwhere labor on Sunday is prohibitedŠit is admitted that injustice is done the person who is thus restrain-ed, if the reason for the prohibition be a religious one; and this is an acknowledgment that the act is all right in its character and may be for the benefit of the per-son performing it, which could not be true of anything wrong in itself. The individual suffers a hardship in being compelled to lose one-seventh of his time, which is an injustice to him on religious grounds, yet the very same hardship is no injustice at all if the reason for it is alleged upon civil grounds. Injustice becomes justice simply by alleging -a civil reason for it in the place of a religious one. Verily there is something in a name, after all! If it is wrong to interfere with personal freedom on Sunday on religious groundsŠif such interference would in any case be an invasion of one's rightsŠit must be an invasion of rights and an injustice no mat-ter how many changes may be rung upon the name 