'.171--1 E 'SENTINEL OF LIBERTY'. 651 no country in the world, is' so much attention paid to the teaching of religion. Religion ought to be taught to every child, and the Bible ought to be read by everybody. Every individual, man, woman, and child, ought to be familiar with the language of the sacred Scriptures, but the necessary instruction can not be given in the state schools. The misera-ble makeshift of reading selections from the Scrip-ture will, not only fail of its purpose, but it will de-ceive unthinking parents with the thought that their children are receiving religious instruction when they are not. RELIGIOUS agitation in Austria has reached a point where the discussion has been taken up by the press of the Roman Catholic Church. Most of these papers assert that the agitation will result beneficially to the Catholic Church. The Reichspost says'. "It has shaken hundreds of thousands of Catho-lics out of their lethargy, while the 'Away from Rome ' agitators can report only ' ten thousand' apostates to their cause. The whole movement is beginning to awaken a wide and ,deep excitement in favor of the church throughout Catholic Austria. In many places where it has hitherto been impossible to secure the funds for the Catholic Church, money has been given in abundance. Missions have been started where none before existed. Thousands of men now come to the communion who had not at-tendedŁfor years. In short, the Catholic Church of Austria is being shaken from 'center to circumfer-ence, and will only gain by the agitation." ' This may all be true, but Rome never welcomes this sort of a " shaking up." eA SPEAKING of the new constitution to be framed for Cuba the Havana correspondent of the Catho-lic Mirror says: "There is little doubt but that every draft of a constitution agreed upon by the various parties will provide for freedom of worship and an entire separation of church and state. Herein the Cubans will build wisely." ePt THE result of the recent elections in England has alarmed France. The emphatic endorsement of the South African war by the voters is regarded as a personal triumph for Joseph Chamberlain, and the French 'fear that this means that "an era of jingoism will be, inaugurated whiCh will seriously '.,threaten the peace, of Europe." As showing the loyalty of the Cubans to the Roman CatholiC Church and religion, a correspond-ent of the Catholic Mirror says: The most ignorant negro that ever drew his machete for Cuban liberty will order a foreigner to remove his hat when a statue of our mother of God is borne by a religious procession. Are not these the acts of loyal Catholics? " - Certainly, but not of men who, know and respect religious liberty. To compel a Protestant to remove his hat to "a'statue of our mother of God " is to re-quire of him an act of idolatty scarcely second to that for refusing which the three Hebrews were con- signed to the fiery furnace in, the days of king Nebu- chadnezzar. THE utter inability of many people to think of.  our civil institutions as purely civil is well illustrated by the folloWing from a Protestant; journal: " A Catholic lady complained bitterly against a teachers' employment agency because she could get no position in a public schoOl on account of her religion. But why should she complain? Does any one suppose for a moment ,that Catholic directors, would employ a Protestant to teach Catholic chil-dren? Not a bit of it. Catholics are too selfish for that, and yet they would love to have the privilege of teaching the 'children of other people who have' as little use for Catholicism as the Catholics can possibly have for other religions." Referring to this.a Jewish paper suggests that it Ł is inspred by a wide-spread presumption that the public schools are Protestants institutions." And this is the simple truth as to the presumption; but legally the schools' are purely secular, having no relig- iOuscharaeter whatever, and, of course, no sectarian bias DOubtless, in many cases, color is giyen to the instruction in such'schools by the religious views of both ,teachers and-text-book writers; ,but this is un-avoidable as, long as human beings are human. The only remedy is_for those who .objectto this to have their children educated in their'own denominational schools. ',But certainlynoeffort should be made by . anybody to. make state-support,ed schools in any-wise sectarian. They should be kept asŁphrely secu7  Iar.as possible. e,0 AN' editorial corresPondent -th-e Catholic Mirror comforts himself with thp,t.hotigjit that while .`,`,the tendency,.of the Cuban,.pgljti.Cja:11 generation' 