AMERICAN SENTINEL. 269 to restrict the liberty in such matters. Yet the practical observation must be made, that ritualism, like eczema in the human body, is generally the symptom of a low state of the blood. As a rule, when the Church becomes secu-larized, it becomes ritualized, while it is equally true that great revivals pouring through the Church, have almost always burst the liturgical bands and restored it to the freedom of the Spirit." Rev. Walter Evans, in an article in the Arena, Octo-ber, 1895, says:Š "The church of the apostles and martys, few in num-bers, unorganized, poor, despised and persecuted because it was pure, was invincible. But the church of victorious ConstantineŠthe church of royal patronage, intoxicated with worldly success, lulled in the lap of luxury, first slept in security, and then (all but) died in iniquity. So it is ever. Shall history repeat itself? We hope not. We pray not. But no careful observer of men, and events as reflected in the secular and religious press, can fail to see that the relative power of the church over the masses for public and personal righteousness in this nation, has most signally and sadly failed to keep pace with the in-crease in the number of communicants in ri;' the churches. There has been indeed an increase of numbers in the church, but rela-tively a decline in moral influence and spiritual power. The church has waxed; religion has waned; Christians have multiplied : but the significance of the term has become indef-initely vague; quan-tity has been attained, but quality lost." sia's union of Church and State. I joined the Baptist Church in Russia because it trusted in God, not in the State. And now I come to America and enter mybeloved Baptist Church, and hear you petitioning Congress for a law to bind chains on the writs of your fellowmen. I appeal to you in the name of God, Send your petitions to the throne of God, and not to the Congress of the United States." The statement so often made that Christianity in this country cannot be maintained unless its chief bul-warkŠthe SabbathŠbe supported by the civil law, is a terrible reflection on the power of Him who declared that he would be with his disciples till the end of th'e world, and who said, "All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth." It is equivalent to saying that in this coun-try where Christians are protected in every way in the promulgation and practice of their religion (with the single exception of seventh-day observers), their reli-gion is so devoid of vital, inherent power, that with-out the direct support of the human arm of civil power, regard for its precepts will perish from the hearts of men. What the Church needs to-day is not civil power, but divine power; a revival of primitive, apostolic, Holy-Spirit religion. The writer appeals to Baptists in the lang-uage of the Russian boy, "Send your peti-tions to the throne of God, and not to the Congress of the United States." In a remonstrance and petition against allowing the State to judge in matters of conscience, sent to the Connecticut legislature in 1791, it is said:Š ARIZONA too is af-flicted with the Chris-tian Citizenship Sun-"Send your petitions to the.throne of God, and not to the Congress of the united States." day Legislation Re-form. A friend has sent to us a copy of one of their circulars. In this they declare that, "If you loveyour home, you will not approve of foot ball on Sunday ;" that, "If you love your country, you will not approve of baseball on Sunday;" that, "If you love your own best good, you will not approve of any public amusements on Sunday;" and that, "If you love God, you will keep the Sabbath holy as He has commanded." The last of these statements is true enough, as He has commanded that you shall "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy; six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God, in it thou shalt not do any work." But all this has nothing whatever to do with Sunday or with what a man shall do on Sunday except that he shall work. As for the rest of these things, a man can love his home and approve of foot ball on Sunday just as well as "And we long to see religion left entirely in the hands of Christ, to be governed alone by his laws, that the grand controversy may be decided, whether religion is such an adjective that it cannot stand of itself, or so important that it will support itself upon its own merits, and all who trust in it." 0 that Baptists would heed the pleadings of a Russian boy, addressed in 1892 to a prayer-meeting in the First Baptist Church of Chicago, following a call of the leader of the meeting for signatures to a petition to Congress for a Sunday law closing the World's Fair on Sunday ! Following is the boy's appeal:Š "I am from Russia, the land of intolerance; the land of a union of Church and State. I have seen the scars on the wrists of the missionaries whom you sent to my countryŠscars made by chains placed on them by Rus- 