AMERICAN SENTINEL. 23'" On the Way to Imperial Rule. "Springfield Republican" (Mass.). THE President in his message drew a bright picture of the future of the Philippines under the enforced sover- eignty of the United States. Those subject peoples are to enjoy a prosperity and a freedom they have never known before. They are to have schools, religious freedom, an exact and equal dispensation of justice, thriving com- merce, protection to life and property, encouragement to-agricultureŠin short, good government and equal laws under a flag that "has never waved over any com-munity but in blessing." But "the future govern-ment of the Philippines rests with the Congress of the United States." It is a beautiful picture of peace and prosperity under "benevolent assimilation." Let the Filipino peo-ple, then, accept the divinely-guided will- of the Ameri-can executive and rejoice. Let them heed the further assurance of the President that they must soon recog-nize that the flag "has not lost its gift of benediction in its world-wide journey to their shores." And there it might be well to have them pause in the reading of the message; for in the very next paragraph they would be told that the United States had annexed Hawaii more than a year ago, and that absolutely nothing had been done to fix its status and government under the Ameri-can flag. A commission was sent out and reported a scheme of government. But Congress throughout its last session ignored the subject. The islands have been left to drift as they may. Local government has been paralyzed in many vital functions. It is unable to dis-pose of public lands to settlers.. It cannot complete title in cases where lands have been entered upon. Doubt and difficulty surround the matters of tonnage taxes, Chinese immigration, patents and copyrights, navigation and so on. Government, in a word, hangs largely in the air to the hurt of the islandS and everybody thereon. They are entitled, says the President, to the benefits and privileges of our Constitution, but they do not get these benefits. Congress has not acted, and when it will act nobody knows. But, it will be told the Filipinos, Hawaii has only recently been annexed, and the blessings of the Consti-tution will in due time flow out into the Pacific. But there is the next paragraph in the message. It relates to Alaska. That territory was annexed thirty years in advance of Hawaii, and yet we are told that no ade-quate government has yet been provided for it. The people are being compelled in many cases to devise local governments of their own, without any statutory authority- or lawful sanction. "There is an entire ab-sence of authority to provide the ordinaryinstruments of local police control and administration;" and "there is practically no organized form of government in the territory," and further:Š "There is no authority, except in Congress, to pass any law, no matter how local or trivial, and the dif-ficulty of conveying to the Congress an adequate con-ception and understanding of the various needs of the people of the different communities is easily understood. I see no reason why a more complete form of territorial organization should not be provided." No reason in the world except Congress, and it is difficult to convey to that body an adequate under-standing of the need. What an admission is this! Government by vigi-lance committees and the like, so far as there is any government, more than thirty years after annexation, and half a dozen years after miners and speculators and others have begun to flock to the territory. None of those blessings of the Constitution. None of that bene-diction of the flag. And Congress immovable under the difficulty of conveying to it an adequate conception of what is wanted! We wonder if the President is unable to see the point of his own recital of facts and how sharply it turns against his policy of distant conquest and colonial ex-pansion. If it is difficult to impress Congress with the needs of a territory so long under the flag and no further off than Alaska, and to move Congress to act, what are the prospects of congressional government in islands on the other side of the globe? What of the progress of the "benediction of the flag" to those dis-tant shores under congressional auspices? The truth of the matter is just this: That par-liamentary government is adequate and possible only within the immediate range of an active, voting repre-sentation in the parliament, and beyond those limits it is a delusion and mockery. The historian Fronde, in his sketch of Caesar, stated the truth, as fortified by all ex-perience, when he said:Š "A homogeneous and vigorous people may manage their own affairs under a popular constitution so long as their personal characters remain un degenerate. Parlia-ments and senates may represent the general will of the community, and may pass laws and administer them as public sentiment approves. But such bodies can preside successfully only among subjects who are directly repre-sented in them. They are too ignorant, too selfish, too divided to govern others; and imperial aspirations draw after them by obvious necessity an imperial rule." And so, government by the. Roman Senate, succeeding democratic government, and admitting no representa-tion from the dependencies, inevitably gave way to absolutism. There is no purpose on the part of the President, or among his expansionist supporters, io admit the Philip-pines to a fair and active and direct representation in Congress. Congress will control the affairs of the islands only so far as it may be moved thereto by influ-ences and considerations arising outside of itself. And the President himself has told us what that means, as in the case of Alaska. It means chronic neglect and per 