MAR clit 15, 1E04. gRINTINVIL. because "in accordance with divine law as well as human." The decision itself accords with the unan-imous opinion of the Supreme Court on February 29, 1892, that "this is a Christian nation." That decision and the action of Congress in closing the World's Fair on the Sabbath should logically be followed by the passage of the "Blair Sunday Rest Bill," soon to be re-introduced by ex-Senator Blair in the House of Representatives, by which all Sunday work under con-trol of Congress, including the mails and interstate trains, is forbidden. And the Christian amendment introduced in January, 1894, by Congressman E. A. Morse, which puts a recognition of the supreme au-thority of the law of Christ into the preamble of the national Constitution, is also but a fitting incorpora-tion into fundamental law of the Supreme Court deci-sion that has just been cited. This shows very well the logical and necessary sequence of each succeeding step in this great iniquity. That the remain-ing steps will follow is just as sure as that these have been taken. Is it not time for congressmen, legislators, lawyers and cit-izens, who have ridiculed the possibility of the adoption of any such measures in this country, to wake to an understanding of what is going on and what the result will be ? W. H. M. Court of Appeals of Maryland. John W. Judefind vs. State of Maryland. January TermŠJanuary 23, 1894. Writ of Error to the Circuit Court forKent County. James T. Ringgold, for appellant. Attorney-General Poe and Wm. M. Slay, for appellee. Argued before Robinson, C. J., Bryan, Fowler, McSherry, Page and Boyd, JJ. No writ of error lies to the Court of Appeals from the decision of the Circuit Court of a county on an appeal to it from the judgment of a justice of the peace. Section 247, of Article 27, of the Code of Pub-lic General Laws which prohibits work on Sunday is not in violation of the Constitution of the United States nor of the Constitution of the State of Mary-land. BOYD, J.ŠThe plaintiff in error was arrested under a warrant issued by a jus-tice of the peace for Kent County, for husking corn on Sunday. He was tried, convicted, and fined five dollars and costs, in accordance with the provisions of Art. 27, Sec. 247, of the Code of Public General Laws. He appealed to the Circuit CoUrt, where he elected to be tried before the Ł court, and was convicted and fined five dollars and costs by that court. He has brought the case to this court by petition in the nature of a writ of error, in which he designates the following as the points of law to be reviewed :Š That Sec. 247 of Art. 27 of the Code, is void, because it is in violation of the first paragraph of the 14th Article of the Con-stitution of the United States. [2.] That said statute is void, because it is in violation of Article 36 of the Bill of Rights of the Constitution of Mary-land. [3.] That the Circuit Court for Kent County had no jurisdiction to try and con-vict the traverser since the justice of the peace had no jurisdiction. (1.) Because (a) the warrant charged no offense under the statute, as it failed to set forth that the husking of corn on Sun-day was not work of necessity or charity. (b.) The warrant shows upon its face that it was issued on Sunday, and its mandate is to apprehend the traverser immediately ; " it is admitted that it was actually served on Sunday; for these reasons it is void and no jurisdiction could be acquired un-der it. [2.] That the bond for appearance of the traverser in the Circuit Court is void, because it held him to answer a  charge of Sabbath-breaking," and no such offense is known to the laws of this State, and it is also in fatal variance with the warrant, which says nothing of Sabbath-breaking by the traverser, but charges him with husking corn on Sunday. The Attorney-General, on behalf of the State, moved to quash the writ of error, on the ground that no writ of error lies to this court from the decision of the Circuit Court on an appeal to it from the judg-ment of a justice of the peace. That mo-tion must prevail. It is well settled in this State that when the Circuit Court has jurisdiction to hear and decide an appeal from a justice of the peace, its decision is final, and an appeal or writ of error to this court will not lie, unless, of course, the statute author-izes such appeal or writ of error to this court. If the traverser desired to contest the constitutionality of the law under which he was arrested and have that question properly presented for the consideration of this court, he could have applied for the writ of certiorari upon the specific ground of the constitutionality of the law and the consequent want of power and jurisdiction of the justice of the peace to proceed under it. This court could then have reviewed the judgment of the Circuit Court on an appeal or writ of error. Nor can we review the decision of the Circuit Court on the question of the alleged defects on the face of the warrant and bond. That court had the power and authority to entertain the appeal from the judgment of the justice on the question of jurisdic-tion as well as on other grounds, and the plaintiff in error having invoked and sub-mitted himself to its jurisdiction, its judg-ment is final and conclusive. The case of Rayner vs. State, 52 Md., 368, is directly in point, and it is unnecessary to refer to the decisions of this court. The attorney for the plaintiff in error argued at considerable length the consti-tutionality of the Sunday law involved in this case, and urgently requested this court to pass upon that question, regard-less of our views on the motion to quash the writ of error. Having determined that the case is not properly before us, we do not feel called upon to discuss at length the cases cited or reasons assigned by the learned counsel, but as a refusal to state our conclusions might be deemed by some an indication of doubt on our part, we will briefly state our views on this subject. We have not the slightest hesitation in announcing that the law complained of is not in conflict with the Constitution of the United States or of Maryland. Although the argument of the attorney for the plaintiff in error gave evidence of thorough research and great labor, as well as ingenuity and ability, he was compelled to admit that if we were to be governed by precedent he had no standing in court as the cases were opposed to his conten-tion. There has been numerous decisions in this country, as well as elsewhere, sus-taining such law, and we have no desire to be the exception to the general rule. Nature, experience and observation sug-gest the propriety and necessity of one day of rest, and the day generally adopted is Sunday. There are and always will be honest dif-ferences of opinion as to how Sunday shall be spent, but the advantages of having a weekly day of rest, "from a mere physical and political standpoint," are too apparent to permit us to doubt the propriety of  having reasonable law to regulate work on that day. In interpreting them, courts must not place unreasonable constructions- upon them. There may be some circumstances under which it would be deemed harsh and se-vere to punish a man for husking corn on Sunday; but if he defies the laws of the State or makes himself obnoxious to those desiiing the quiet and peace of this day of rest, he should expect the machinery of the law to be put in motion. If the posi-tion taken by the plaintiff in error in ref-erence to the law in question is correct, then the law prohibiting the sale of liquor, etc., on Sunday is unconstitutional as would be most, if notŁall, of our laws con-cerning Sunday. If the legislature cannot prohibit work, etc., on Sunday, as forbid-den by Section 247 of Article 27 of the Code why should it be permitted to prohibit the sale of liquor, goods, wares or merchan-dise, or prohibit dancing saloons, opera houses, barber shops, etc., from being kept open on that day ? The laws and courts of this State have recognized Sunday as a day of rest from the time the State was formed, and stat-utes on the subject that were in force in colonial days are still in our Code. This court has, from time to time, given ex-pression to its views on the question in very clear and unequivocal terms. In Kilgore vs. Miles a al., 6 G. & J., 274. Judge Chambers, in delivering the opinion of the court, said, " The Sabbath is em-phatically the day of rest, and the day of rest here is the `Lord's day,' or Christians' Sunday. Ours is a Christian community and a day set apart as the day of rest is the day consecrated by the resurrection of our Saviour, and embraces the twenty-four hours next ensuing the midnight of Saturday." In State vs. Fearson, 2nd Md., 313, Judge Mason, in passing upon the charge of permitting persons to bet on cards on Sunday, contrary to the statute then in force, sustained the law, and added,'that " independent of any statutory prohibi-tion, this is a gross offense against decency and public morals, and, therefore, richly merits punishment." In P., W. & B. R. R. Co. vs. Lehman, 56 Md., 227, Judge Alvey, in speaking of Sunday laws in the different States, said : " They are substan-tially the same in their general scope and provisionŠall looking to keeping the day sacred, and as one of rest from secular employment," and in other cases our Sun-day laws have been enforced. Some of the statutes in force in this State were passed as early as 1723Šthe one complained of in this case bearing that date originally and being continued in the Code of 1888. The tendency of leg-islation in this country is to provide for further rest, rather than to take away the " day of rest " that is welcomed by the industrious and hard working people of our land. As late as 1892 the legislature of Maryland passed a law authorizing banks in the city of Baltimore to close their doors for business at 12 o'clock, noon, on every Saturday in the year, and pro-vided for the payment of notes, etc., fall-ing due on Saturday "on the next suc-ceeding secular or business day." Article 36 of our Declaration of Rights guarantees religious liberty, but the mem-bers of the distinguished body that adopted that Constitution, never supposed they were giving a death-blow to Sunday laws by inserting that article. Those laws do 