AMERICAN SENTINEL. 259 that time armies and navies were on the side of the pa-gans. Christianity is never so powerful as when it is unprotected, and evangelization that depends upon soh diers and gunboats has no future.ŠDr. Chas. H. Park-hurst. The "United Christian Party." SUCH is the title of a new organization which has arisen, and is heralded in the press as "a new candidate for political preferment and reformation of the world." This new reform party is not altogether distinct from other parties that have been longer in the field of "re- form." In its essential principles it is in harmony with the great religious organizations which aim to secure moral reform through politics, and upon certain funda-mental issues can work in harmony with these, as it no doubt will; while it will all the time work to pull these other organizations toward the line of the realization of the ideal for which it stands distinctively, and which is as complete an embodiment of church and state union as has yet appeared in the United States. To this end this new party has issued a "call" to "all who are substantially agreed with the declaration of principles" which it puts forth, "irrespective of sex or creed,nationality or previous affiliations." It is to hold a convention at Des Moines, Ia., July 4, 5, "for the pur-pose of completing a state and national organization." At this convention it "will nominate a governor, lieu-tenant-governor, judge of the supreme court, state su-perintendent of public instruction and a railroad com-missioner." It is to be thoroughly political from the start. From the following, which is a part of this "call," the reader can grasp fully the character and purpose of this new party:Š "This call is extended, first, to all the denominations of the Christian Church; second, to all other religious organizations; third, to the young people's religious so-cieties; fourth, to the Y. M. C. A.; fifth, to the W. C. T. U.; sixth, to all reform societies or parties; seventh, to the National Reform Association; eighth, to all other benevolent associations not herein enumerated, and to all persons who desire to see the principles of Christ triumph. "Come and cooperate with us in the greatest reform-ation in the world's history. "In the impending conflict between right and wrong, between political righteousness and political corruption, between the power of God and the power of the devil; in the interest of the Fatherhood of God and the brother-hood of man; for the Christian religion, humanity, and the final establishment of the kingdom of God on earth. "Come! Let us unite in His name and exalt His name together and hasten the time when our swords shall be beat into plowshares; and when every tongue shall confess that God is God and Christ is Lord of all and King of kings. "The kingdom of Christ is Christ's reign on earth,  and is of aifourfold divisiondvizIthenndividual, the lam-ily;the church and the state. Each of these divisions are of divine authority, and the salvation of each division is essential for the salvation of the world. "The state and nation, a divine institution in Christ's kingdom, is the political field rejected by his builders, and can only be reached through political methods, by a union of all Christian forces. "Not a union of church and state, but a union of Christian prayers and ballots, that legalized wrong may be overthrown and righteous laws established in har-mony with the divine law of the revealed will of Christ, as of supreme authority in both church and state, that God's will may be done on earth. 'The zeal of the Lord of hosts will perform this.' Isa. 9:6-7. Then with this motto as our standard of right: WHAT WOULD JESUS, no? With the Christian response: " delight to do thy will, 0 my God; yea, thy law is within my heart.' " 'Thy will be done on earth.' "Then, with the 20,000 Christian voters of our State all united at the ballot box, Iowa will at the next gen-eral election become a government from God, through Christ, by the people and for the people. "To the honor and glory of God, as revealed in the prophecies: Ps. 33:12; Isa. 9:6-7; Isa. 2:4; Dan. 7:18; Dan. 7:27; Rev. 11:15; Rev. 19:16, or, as Abraham Lin-coln portrayed the same reign of the Prince of Peace, in his first public speech away back in the Washingtonian temperance movement, in the following words:Š "`And when the victory shall be complete, when there shall be neither a slave nor a drunkard on earth, how proud the title of that land which may truly claim to be the birthplace and cradle of both those revolutions that shall have ended in that victory! How nobly distin-guished that people who shall have planted and nur-tured to maturity both the political and moral freedom of their species.'" The "declaration of principles" of this new reform party is, as might be expected, decidedly interesting. It is as follows:Š "We declare our purpose as a party of reform, to be in favor of whatever tends to make men and women more virtuous, intelligent, and happy, and to be identi-cal with that of the national Constitution thus far to es-tablish justice, insure domestic tranquility, to promote the general welfare, and to secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity. "Knowing that God gave us a foundation for law and a standard of justice through Christ, which is bene-ficial for all men and women, and that it was the inten-tion of Christ that his followers should be united. "We hold that all governments derive their just power from God and through and by the consent of the governed, and that the mere right to vote for rulers does not constitute self-government. "We do therefore declare for the adoption of the sys-tem of direct legislation known as the initiative and ref-erendum, together with proportional representation and the imperative mandate that the power of the people may be justly and effectually exercised in government. "We recognize the fact that there are many great 