j20 .X.IVI.OMEC SIMNTEINIMIL, VoL. 11, No. 15. NEW YORE, APRIL 9, 1896. far ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. OUR excellent illustrations in this number are from the Arena for March. THE legislature of Manitoba consents to secularize the schools of that province, but utterly refuses to provide for separate Catholic schools to be supported either in whole or in part by public funds. This is right. THE bill to amend the " Lord's Day Act" of Ontario, noticed in our last issue, has passed the Ontario legislature, and only the governor's signature is needed to make it " law." This means that as certainly as the governor signs it, persecution will be begun under it upon the farmers in the province who are observers of the seventh day, they being the class at which the bill is aimed. APRIL 1st, the Assembly of this State adopted an amendment to the Sunday barber bills, allowing shops all over the State to keep open until 11 A. M. Sunday, by a vote of 76 to 45. Cities of the first class, New York, Brooklyn and Buffalo, are permitted to keep open until 1 o'clock, as provided in the bill passed last year. The " law" enacted a year ago prohibited barbering at any hour on Sunday except in New York and Saratoga, and in these places also after 1 o'clock, P. M. J. W. LEwrS, the Seventh-day Adventist, confined in the Lake County Jail at Tipton- ville, Tenn., writes us:Š Please ask through the SENTINEL all friends of freedom of conscience to remember me in their pray-ers, and say that I very much appreciate the many good letters that I receive, some coming almost every day. But I am forced to say that though I am ever so willing to reply promptly, writing materials and stamps are quite an item to one deprived of his liberty. We trust that those readers of the SENTINEL who have written to this prisoner for the truth's sake, will accept this notice as suf-ficient reply, and continue to remember those who are in bon. as bound with them. A DAILY paper has recently made inquiry concerning the religious affiliations of the forty-four State governors of the American Union. The result showed that thirty-nine are avowed believers in religion and twenty-nine are professed Christians, and most of them are regular attendants at some place of worship. In response to the inquiries sent  out, forty-three State governors and three Territorial governors returned answer. The governor of Texas declined to state his posi-tion, while the governor of South Carolina did not respond. Ten of the number are Presbyterians, five Congregationalists, five Unitarians, one Baptist, one Christian, and sixteen are unconnected with church organi-zations. Several who made answer are re-garded as possible candidates for the presi-dency in the ensuing election. Commenting upon this fact the Outlook very pertinently says that " little can be determined by a sim- ple profession of religion." Ł IT seems that the authorities of Ontario are in no hurry to imprison the three Ad-ventist ministers, Burrill, Howe, and Simpson, to whose cases we devoted so much space last week. The judgment against them by the lower court was affirmed but without costs. This leaves all the expenses of the cases to be paid by the prosecutors, including the prison-er's board bill while in jail. This latter fact doubtless accounts for the delay in carrying out the sentence of the court. Bigotry has in this instance been " Hoist with his own petard." March 25, Senator Gallinger, of New Hampshire, introduced a joint resolution proposing the following, to be known as Article XVI. of the Constitution:Š Neither Congress nor any State shall pass any law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or use the property or credit of the United States, or of any State, or any money raised by taxation, or authorize either to be used, for the purpose of founding, maintaining, or aiding, by appropriation, payment for services, expenses, or otherwise, any church, religious denomination, or re-ligious society, or any institution, society, or under-taking, which is wholly or in part under sectarian or ecclesiastical control. The SENTINEL will probably have more to say in regard to this proposed amendment in the future. Suffice it to say now that if adopted and administered as it reads it would leave the National Reformers and the National Bureau of Reforms without a mission. ACCORDING to Article VI. of the Constitu-tion of the United States, "All treaties made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the United States, shall be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in every State shall be bound thereby, anything in the Con-stitution or laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding. It follows that this is not and cannot be a Christian nation in any legal sense, for the Treaty of the United States with Tripoli in 1797 provides as follows:Š As the Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion, as it has in itself no character of enmity against the laws, religion, or tranquility of Musselmans; and, as the said States never entered into any war, or act of hostility against any Mahometan nation, it is declared by the parties that no pretext, arising from religious opinions, shall ever produce an in- terruption of the harmony existing between the two countries. But this which the Constitution declares is the supreme law of the land, the author of " Christian Sociology " argues " is outlawed as a precedent by the contrary decision of the National Supreme Court in 1892 "! With all National Reformers, any deviation from " law " in the interests of liberty is anarchy; but if it stand in the way of their pseudo-reform, no law is too sacred to be by them ruthlessly brushed aside whether it be the constitution of the natural law of justice, the Constitution of the United States, or sacred treaty obligations entered into under that Constitution. National Reform is therefore the very embodiment of anarchy. THE statement that politics and religion should be kept separate does not mean that in the field of political action a man is free from moral obligation; but it does mean that every man should be left perfectly free from all human restraint in matters of religion. It does mean that religious faith and practice are not proper subjects of political action; that such questions are not cognizable by po-litical bodies, but are beyond the sphere of human authority. This however does not destroy moral obli-gation in any degree. The Christian must be such in all the walks of life. It is as wicked to cheat, or to lie or to steal for political purposes as for anything else. The Christian can do none of these thinks and excuse himself on the ground that he did it as a politician. Neither can he use political power to thrust his religion down the throats of his fellowmen. To do so would be to violate both the Golden Rule of the Scriptures and the law of justice written by the Creator in the great book of nature. " THE great and direct end of government is liberty. Secure our liberty and privileges, and the end of government is answered. If this be not effectually done government is an evil."ŠPatrick Henry. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City. AMERICAN SENTINEL Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, Š Š Š $1.00. In clubs of 265  aanndduunnddeerr  255o.coRies to o,14ie address, year6  r700500  " 50 and under 100 " 46 46 1  64 55c " 100 or more 64 46 1 66 To foreign countries in Postal Union, - 1 " - 55 Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 