THE .AM ;RICAN SENT1N1L. '157 Oa reference to' religion. Since the support of the public school is coMpulSory as is the attendance upon.it in most States; it follows that the parent is compelled to maintain, and patronize a place of wor-ship, for such is the school room while the Bible is being read. In other words he is taxed to support an institution which destroys the faith of his child, and is com-pelled to send his child to an institution where its faith will be destroyed. This is the worst of tyranny. While this view of the public school is regarded by the majority as self-evident, there are a few who; because of this attitude of our schools toward religion, declare that they are " godless." This conies frem a misconception of the mis-sion of the public school. Had God dele-gated to the civil GovernMent the teach-ing of religion, a failure to do it by means of the'public school would merit the above criticism. - The State in providing for the teaching of reading, writing, and mathe-matics without teaching religion is simply attending to its legitimate business which the Church does when it attends to the teaching of religion. - The term "godless," cannot be applied with any more consist-eney to the common school, because the Bihle is not read or taught in it, than it can be to schools of phonography, telegra-phy, or art, because the Bible is net taught or read in them. The place for the Bible to be read and taught is in the home, the denominational school, and, the church.ŠHome Missionary. Baptists Oppose It. ACcoRDING to The Christian Index and Sonthern Baptist, Baptists are opposed to teaching :religion in the public schools. That paper in its issue of February 27, says:Š Baptists are uncompromisingly opposed to' union, of Church and State. Wher-ever and t whenever this contest has arisen they haVe invariably stood on the side of liberty of conscience, and, if need be, have sealed, with their blood, their undy-ing devotion to this principle. The State must not maintain a religious establish-ment. The public schools are -forbidden to teach religion. In them .the Bible is practically ignored. The children who attend these schools represent parents of every shade of religious belief. Some are Gentiles, others are Jews.  Some are Cal-vinists, others are Arrainians: Some are Trinitarians, others are Unitarians. Some want God, Christ, and the Bible recog-nized, others want neither God, Christ nor the Bible mentioned. What is to be' 'done.? Education alone, makes men neither' Moral nor religiouS:' The remedy is to 'be fOund: in the -gamily, and in the denOminational School. Fathers and mothers, in the early Years of childhood Must do. the work of religious instruction and training. The Kansas City "Journal" on National Reform. UNDER Ł the title of " God in the Consti-tution," the Kansas City joeurnal, of Jan-uary 22, has the following which is worth reading and remembering :Š This is a subject that is discussed from various standpoints,' but mainly from the-ologic and anti-theologic premises, which excite all the antagonisms and animosi-ties of the religious conflicts of past times. We are at once taken back to the times and spirit of the Middle. Ages, and. Hal-lam's summary of that epoch furnishes the coloring of one side or the other, more than the ideas of Paine, Franklin, Jeffer-son, and the men who kept our American civil ideals free from this master element of discord among the people of the earth. It is a mistaken issue. It is not whether there is a God, or whether there is not. It is not a question of a Creator or of a crea-tive powerŠand above all it is not a ques-tion between theism and atheism. But it is a question of the introduction into our organic law of a problem that does not ap-ply to the practical affairs of life, but is merely the opinion of this or that man or organization of men as to the conditions of a life after this oneŠof a qUestion that no one mind can think or settle for an-other, any more than it can sense the palate of another. It is not a practical question at allŠat best it is a hypothetical one and can never be Settled, because no precedent can be availed of to know. For example, we' can tell whether or no universal suffrage works to the better-ment or detriment of society, but we can-not feel or sense hoW a belief in one God or three Gods, or three in one, affects the tariff or the land question. They do not settle these, one way or the other, but to vote on them does. The form <in which so-called religion has entered into these questions may well be illustrated in the formula so familiar to everyone : " Re-solved that the earth belongs to the Lord for the use of his saints. Resolved, that we are the saints." This has been and is to-day the practical application and work-ing of " God in the Constitution" of every form of government on earth, where re-ligion has been recognized as a thing of the State. It goes without saying, in this last dec-ade of the nineteenth century, that every man,. and woman and child is a' member of society with equal natural rights. These natural rights are easily and clearly definedŠthe right to life, the right to lib-erty and the right to pursue happiness, each for himself. Now, the: conditions of happiness cover all the rest. Holding roperty and its protection is :a: tangible thing in society, and these cover all the material- things conducive to happiness in this worldŠall else is embraced under what we call libertyŠthee action of the mindŠof the real Man. The moment you  use material power to control or coerce this freedom of mind that moment yen in-troduce tyranny, discord and strifeŠbe- cause you have interfered with' the most Ł important right of humanity. It is not the recognition of God that is involvedŠfor no mature, sane mind, whether 'savage or civiliZed, ever denied the existence of the creative power or the wisdom that is expressed through worlds. And it is about time the intelligent world resented the canting superiority assumed by ignorance and craftŠthat there are such things as " infidels " and " atheists " in the world. The worst form of infidelity or atheism the world has ever known is that which denies to man the right to his God-giVen freedom to think and to be what his best thought can make him. It is time that the assumption of any author-ity to say what " sin" is-, should be branded with what it isŠinfidelity to God and man. The free, the real worshipers of GodŠthose who do as Jesus didŠworship the Creator by doing good to his 'created, should assert themselves and no longer beg the question from anybody. The ecclesiastical world hais so long forced man into a false position that it has become almost hereditary with us to concede them some sort of authority.,in such matters. There is no authority in this world older or superior to the people themselvesŠand the people derive au-thority of the individual himself. Society is only the delegated authority of the individual. Self-preservation is the first law of nature. To make this effective, men, agree to exercise this law collect-ively. This is what we call government Šand it is all there is. How can we wor-ship God otherwise than in this recogni-tion of natural justiceŠfor it is all we are capable of expressing- in action. So the highest worship of God is the highest de-velopment of good in man: Now those who deny this are the infidels, those who seek to disturb or overthrovr that cendi-tion, the atheists. This is all of the teach-ings of Jesus, and it is about time those who agree with that teaching: and assert it as a foundation of human 'government should assert their true position; and -let those who have transformed them into a set of metaphysical doctrines and opinions understand that th matter in question is understood. This assumption by tradi-tional ignorance and tyranny must be done away With, and given to understand that the intelligent portion of mankind have got to know their true positionŠthat it is simply a usurped authority,. :teaching in the name of Jesus, not only what he: did not teach, but perverting his whole scheme of teaching. The nearest:formula, as to human conduct, to the teaChings ;of jesus is found in the Declaration Of Indepen-dence; and theŁConStitutioh Of the United States is the embOdinient,'"as near as 'may be, of those prindiples in the management of organized society. 