538 AMERICAN SENTINEL.  a genuine desire to get a rest each Sabbath, sent out an expedition to tunnel the City Hall in search of a law to give them the relief that the barbers had found. They unearthed the law they were after, and shoved it under the mayor's nose, with the result that ice is no longer on sale in Paterson on Sundays. The police looked out for the interests of the ice men because they had been ordered to do so by the mayor, but the barbers had to go it alone. Five constables were sent out, but there wasn't an arrest, although the constables worked conscientiously to find some shop open and doing business. They didn't even find a bar-ber with a satchel who was going on "a little vacation," so that to-night the barbers say they have succeeded in tying things up, and are satisfied. There was a rush of the unshorn from this city to Passaic, and the barbers in that town were kept pretty busy. The Patersonites were delighted to find relief so close at hand and expressed themselves freely on the subject, but to their dismay they were informed that after September 17 there would be no Sunday shaves in Passaic. "And why not?" thundered a citizen o Paterson, who has to have a shave every day. "Well," said his barber, "those Paterson barbers ain't any better than we are. I guess if they can lay off on Sunday we can, too. Anyway, we're going to do it." With Passaic shut off there is nothing left for Pater-son folks but Newark, and the rumor to-night is that the barbers there are going to follow the example of those here next Sunday. The freeze out of the icemen is not so serious because folks can buy ice on Saturday night to last over Sunday, but they can't lay in shaves. The next Blue Law that is to be enforced is that against profanity. Believing that the barbers and ice men are working in the cause of religion, instead of for a Sunday of pleasure, some church folks have seized the opportunity to spring the old anti-swearing ordinance on the people, and they will demand of Mayor Hinch-cliffe to-morrow that he enforce it. This has caused much comment among the "gents" who frequent street corners and whose vocabularies consist largely of pro-hibited words. How far the Blue Law craze is going to go, is prob-lematical. Those who have carefully examined the old statute books say that it can be worked until the city is depopulated, for there are laws unrepealed which make it a crime to walk out on Sunday unless one's destina-tion is church, and others forbidding riding, driving, or whistling on the Sabbath. It is said that there are cranks enough in Paterson to want all the laws enforced. THERE is little talk now of disputing the right of Roberts, of Utah, to a seat in Congress, though he has wives. Mr. Roberts seems to be made safe by the affec-tion with which we have embraced the Sultan of Sulu, with a whole harem. ŠCineinnat i Enquirer. Japan's New Form of State Religion. A PRESS dispatch from Seattle, Wash., says:Š "Japan's new law regulating all faiths and beliefs has gone into effect and much comment has arisen in consequence. A copy of the regulations has been re-ceived at the Japanese Consulate here. "According to it all sects, pagan or Christian, are placed under the absolute control of a local governor. Without his permission even a church cannot be built or meetings held. The regulations even go so far as to demand detailed information regardipg the pastor "Before commencing religious work propagators of a faith must go before the governor with full details. The scheme of faith must be fully explained, church finances accounted for and the personal and religious history of the applicant, preacher and members outlined in writing. "The order further decrees that all who desire to es-tablish or build a temple, church, preaching or lecture house for religious purposes must apply for permission." sir  The Sunday Question in Alabama. AN Alabama journal, the Baldwin Times, is giving some attention to the qu-stion of enforcing the Sunday ordinances in its vicinity. An advocate of Sunday en-forcement having complained of a shooting match at a near-by resort as a violation of the law, has some im-portant truths on the subject, stated to him through the Times by an advocate of freedom in religious obsery ances. The latter says:Š "The Sabbath is a religious institution, and Brother Reeder should remember that Christ never sought to promote his government by earthly laws, but according to Brother Reeder's method, the meek and lowly follow-ers of the Lord will show their ungodly fellowmen athing or two by putting them in jail. "There are a good many people who go to Point Clear on Sunday who do not regard Brother Reeder's Sunday as a holy day. (And, by the way, can the stat-utes of Alabama make a day holy?) These people may be hauled up in a Balwin county court and fined for vio-lating an Alabama law. That is all well enough. But when it comes to punishing a man for violating a so-called law of God, it seems to me Brother Reeder is get-ting beyond his authority. There is a time coming when a court will meet which will vindicate the law of Godi and all the judges of our earthly courts, and even Brother Reeder, will be defendants, and not prosecutors. 'Judge not lest ye be judged.'" The Rights of Labor. What may be called the rights of labor, have been stated in four sentences, as follows:Š "The right to quit work is as indisputable as the right to work. ' The sufficiency of the reason for quitting is a question which concerns the quitter. 