gENT'INTRts 'VOL. 9, Xo. before their eyes. Nor do they stop with that, for they blindly assist in forging the fetters that bind the conscience and take the last vestige of honor out of the people of these United States of America. But, for an example, this Des Moines priest says: " We want the Catholics of this city to show the Catholics of this country how to receive Mr. and Mrs. Slat-tery when the occasion presents itself." What does this mean ? What are these two persons doing that concerns the priests and their followers ? Why, they have had their eyes opened to the terrible in-iquity in the papal system, and they are telling the citizens of the country what Rome designs to do just as soon as she has the power. Power is all she wants, then good bye liberty, good bye freedom of press and pulpit, good bye to all that is dear to the human heart, and good bye to all progress. If you do not believe it, look at Mexico, look at Spain, look at nearly all South American countries, at Italy, and every other land that has been blessed(?) by the rule of the papacy for a few centuries. What do you see ? Igno-rance and superstition, poverty and want of every sort, and the people bound with chains of darkness the most galling, and no ray of hope before them. But we must notice other points in this new policy of Rome. The conditions here are different from what they are in the countries we have named, and so they adapt themselves to the conditions of the country they wish to bring to worship at the feet of Rome. For this reason they can champion liberty of speech and press, but it is for a purpose of their own. So this Des Moines priest says :Š I would regard the violent interruption of a public speaker as a greater wrong to the public than anything the most foul mouthed and inflammatory speaker could say if allowed to speak. It must never be for-gotten that free speech is the greatest gift of a free people. Any one who has read the history of other days when man was led to prison and the block for the crime of expressing his opinions, will readily un-derstand the necessity of defending liberty of speech, if necessary, at the point of the bayonet. That sounds well. But is that true Catholic doctrine ? It is just now. It is the new policy of " the church." And why ? Rome aims to conquer this country; in-deed, she has it in her hands to-day, but in order to silence those who oppose her, to silence those who see through her scheme, she says for the time being, just the thing that they say. Protestantism is built on the fullest possible liberty of the individual rights of man. This liberty will never allow its possessor to trample under foot the rights of the weakest sub-ject, because that subject is in its power; but instead, true Protestantism will defend to the limit of its rightful power the free-dom of the weakestŠthe one who cannot defend himselfŠin the enjoyment of his God-given liberty. Rome hates free speech, freedom of con-science, freedom of action,Šexcept for herself. She must stand supreme over all. She must have absolute freedom. She claims it as her right to set aside the de-crees of rulers, to trample under foot the freedom of others, especially those who stand in her way to the highest place of earthly power and honor. Neither does she deign to stop there, but assumes to set aside at pleasure any word or command of God, and makes herself the very God of the universe. Does she truly regard the rights of man ? Does she honestly esteem others as herself ? She only turns pro-fessedly from her path and speaks softly  that by peace she may destroy manyŠquench their protesting, stop their oppo-sition, bring them to agree with her, to say that, after all, the true place for the Catholic Church is at the very head, the highest place, and that all others are wrong and should be destroyed. Then, and only then, does her policy change. The time was when men and women were led to prison and to the block for expressing an opinion. And not only that, but even for having an opinion. If one had an opinion of his own, though never expressed, he would be sought out and dragged to the stake or rack, and by tor-ture compelled, if possible, to recant his opinion. But the grace of God held mill-ions from recanting and that grace is free for all now. Protestants, arouse, awake, and protest against the sophistry of Rome; stand by the grace of God for freedom and right! Worship not at the shrine of in-iquity, the mystery of iniquity, but know your individual civil and religious rights! C. F. WILCOX. "Christianity" in Politics. THE Voice of the 1st inst. had this from Chicago, Ill., under date of January 27 :Š The Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor for Illinois proposes to go into the forthcoming elec-tions in Illinois in a campaign for " Christian citizen-ship." Here is the programme of the principles which the society will take into the campaign and apply in supporting the various candidates: "To exterminate the saloon as the greatest enemy of Christ and the Church. " To prevent, by personal effort, the election of cor-rupt candidates and the enactment of corrupt laws in city, State, and nation. " To secure fidelity on the part of officers intrusted with the execution of the laws. " To preserve the American Sabbath. " To purify and elevate the elective franchise. "To promote the study of social wrongs and reme-dies. " In general to seek the reign of whatsoever things are true, honest, just, pure, lovely, and of good re-port." Here is "confusion worse confounded." Civil and religious things are jumbled together in one confused mass, to be urged upon the State for purely religious rea-sons; and to speak against the movement is to be branded as an infidel, an opposer of good government, the consort of saloon-keepers, etc., etc. Rome and the Schools. IN response to a request from the Inde-pendent thirty-one bishops of the Roman Catholic Church in this country have stated, with more or less clearness, their attitude towards our public school system. The Romish hierarchy know very well what the policy of their church is respect-ing this subject, and they also know how to illustrate and defend that policy. The question which was addressed to them is plain and direct; their answers are, for the most part, involved and evasive. Every intelligent American knows that the Rom-ish hierarchy in this country would be glad to secure " a division of the public school fund " for their own sectarian uses. They have heard recently from the Amer-ican people, however, and they are wise enough to see that it would be bad " policy " to agitate this question " for the present." Some of the bishops have frankly said so. They say with the arch-bishop of New Orleans : " Our principles are all right, but prudence and the reason-able fear of grave consequences suggest the advisability of not insisting that these  principles be carried out in the manner proposed." Bishop McQuaid does not so much object to the " manner proposed " as he does to the untimeliness of the propo-sition. He says: " An agitation with a view to a division of the State school fund would, at the present time, be injudicious and inopportune." Bishop Ludden is less adroit, but quite as honest, when he says that he wants a " share" of the public school fund for his parish schools. He wants it, he says, "by all means, and by every principle of right, liberty, and jus-tice." In view of these statements (and others of the hierarchy addressed give expression to similar sentiments), we cannot under-stand why our contemporary should say: " It is plain that if they had the power to blot the public school system entirely out of existence and leave education to volun-tary effort, they would not do so." This may be true, so far as Roman Catholic laymen are concerned, but it is manifest, from their published letters, that the prel-ates and priests of the Romish Church would, if they could, blot out of existence our system of public education. Bishop Heslin voices the doctrine of his church on the subject, when he says : " The present public school system is virtually a persecution of Catholics." Bishop Hen-nessy proclaims the same doctrine, when he says: " The religious conscience of our people is regarded and respected in every matter of public concern with the single exception of education." These are bold words. Their meaning is clear. Our system of national education is, they say, " a persecution of Catholics." It neither regards nor respects their " re-ligious conscience." And yet we are told that these prelates would not overthrow a system of education that persecutes them and their people, and that pays no regard to their religious conscience! They would not overthrow our system of education, says our contemporary, they would only " modify " it. What a modification that would be! After passing through the modifying hands of the Romish hierarchy we might search in vain for the original system. The change would be radical. Our public schools, instead of being strictly undenominational, as they now are, would then be strictly sectarian. The school fund which now goes to give all the youth of the land a common school education, would be divided among the sects for sectarian purposes. This is what a " modification " of our public school sys-tem would mean, if molded after the pattern of the Romish hierarchy. And this is, precisely, what the American peo-ple must never permit. In vain is the net spread in sight of the American eagle. We have some idea of what our country would be in respect of education, as well as in respect of temporal and spiritual things, if the seat of government were changed from Washington to Rome. His-tory throws a flood of light upon that subject. No true patriot would wish to see our system of education exchanged for that which prevailed in Italy, for example, in those times when the pope had it all his own way. The public school system was " modified " to suit him. There was no "persecution of Catholics" after the wicked American fashion. Their " reli-gious conscience " was " regarded and respected." The youth in the common schools were not contaminated by such a system of education as obtains in this in-tolerant country. They were nurtured by 