381 THE ANFERicA.N SENTINEL. Vol. 4. No, 48 TI2e An2eFieal2 Ber2tiir1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, DECEMBER 25, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the Caine. After. January 1, 1890, this paper will ,be published at 43 Bond Street, New York City. Our eacchco: yes, ad-vertisers, and eorrespo,,dents wilt please make a note of this fact, and send all papers and direct alt cor-respondence, to reach us after December 15, to our new address. A STATE Sunday convention was held in Cleveland, 0., December 16 and 17, by the Cleve-land Ministers' Union and the Ohio Sabbath Union. It is significant that in the program Mrs. Bateham's address was preceded by an ad-dress by the editor of the Catholic Universe, on "Roman Catholic Co-operation in the Sunday-Rest Movement." 40- or A WASHINGTON dispatch of December 4 says:Š " Senator Cockrell to-day presented a memorial of citizens of Rails and Pike Counties, Missouri, re-monstrating against the passage of any bill for the ob-servance of Sunday or any other religious institution or rite, and also against any amendment to the Con-stitution providing for religious instruction in the public schools. It prays that the government be kept strictly secular, and thatChurch and State be en-tirely separate." Those Missouri people give evidence of a just conception of what civil government should be. Ł To enforce-  upon men the laws of Christian morality is nothing else than an attempt to compel them to be Christians, and does in fact compel them to be hypocrites. It will be seen at once that this will be but to invade the rights of conscience, and this, one of the vice-presidents of the National Reform Association declares, civil power has the right to do. Rev. David Gregg, D.D., now pastor of Park Street Church, Boston, a vice-president of the National Reform Association, plainly declared in the Christian Statesman of June 5, 1884, that the civil power "has the right to command the consciences of men." .11- Ł t " Every sin, secret or public, against Pod, is a sin against our country, and is high treasoft against the State."ŠChristian Statesman, August 9, 1888, Every sin, whether "secret or public," being " high treason " against the State, the State must punish it, even secret sin. But how shall the State discover secret sins except by an Inquisi-tion? This again confirms the logic of the theo-cratical theory of earthly governmentŠthat the Inquisition is the inevitable consequence. And so far as the National Reformers are concerned, it is certain that they are ready to use the power which they are doing their best to secure. .1, Ł  (- A CALL has been issued for a conference on "the Christian Principles of Civil Government," to be held in Cincinnati, January 21, 22, 1890. The call states that it is the imperative duty of Christians and patriots to "band themselves to-gether to banish vice and immorality from our land." It also says that the enemy is Coming in like a flood, and that "it is high time to lift up a standard against him." Our Bible says that  when the enemy conies in like a flood, the Spirit of the Lord shall lift up a standard against him; but National Reformers arrogate to themselves, and to civil law, the offices and poWer of the Spirit of God. The call is issued by a large number of miffisters, and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union will co-operate. Among the subjects to be discussed are "The Limitations of Personal Liberty," "The Civil Sabbath," "The Sunday Newspaper," "Tile Sabbath Movement in Cincinnati," "The Sabbath and the Laboring Man," " The Place of the Bible in Civil Laws," "The Moral Legislation Needed in Ohio," and " The Moral Accountability of Nations." 0 Ł 0 THE effort to secure a -national Sunday law which will result in the revival of the methods of the Inquisition, is gaining strength. Although the Blair Sunday-Rest bill died with the last Congress, the work of circulating Sunday-law petitions has been pushed with redoubled energy. The advocates of the movement are more thor-oughly organized than ever, and opposition has tended only to make them more determined and more unscrupulous, although more discreet in their methods. If the present Congress does not witness the passage of a Sunday bill more strin-gent, yet more plausibly, worded, than that intro-duced by Senator Blair, it will not be from lack of determination on the part of the National Reform Association, the American Sabbath Un-ion, and allied organizations. Ł  IN the Christian at Work's report of the late meeting of the Evangelical Alliance, we find the following :Š " Beginning with the first great need of the city, `religious awakening,' Professor Ely, in a most admi-rably classified address, spoke at length on what he called a ' Renaissance of Nationalism.' The govern-ment,' he said, `is a God-given agency for which we must work, and through which we must work, if ever we are to regenerate mankind. Of all the work that has been done, of all that can be done, for the elevation of humanity, the most successful work is legislative work.' " This is a speech to fill the heart of the National Reformer with delight. The Christian Nation has told about suppressing wickedness by law, and now we are told about regenerating humanity by law. What use such fblks have for the Bible we cannot see, for .it knows of no means of regeneration except the Spirit of God. And yet National Reformers call themselves Christian, and their work a Christian reform ! SENATOR BLAIR is on hand with his little grist of bills for Congress. On the 9th inst., he intro-duced a bill "to secure to the people the privi-leges of rest and religious worship, free from dis-turbance by others, on the first day of the week." We quote from the newspaper report. It will be noticed that this bill was introduced the same day that the American Sabbath Union met in its first annual convention in New York. It is fair to suppose that the bill which Mr. Blair in-troduced is one which had received the approval of his employers, and that they will lobby for it without any mental reservation. If the above quotation gives the substance of the bill, it is a most hypocritical fraud; for there is not a man who does not know that in this country every man has the privilege of resting and worshiping on the first day of the week if he wishes to. Mr. Blair seems to be thoroughly imbued with the medieval idea that government is only for the majority. THE Rev. Dr. Dorchester, from whose book, " Roinanism versus the Public-School System," we have.quoted at length elsewhere in this paper, says (p. 227) that if all classes are to use the public schools, several conditions must be observed, among which he cites the following :Š "There must be no religious instruction in them. If attempted it will be likely to savor of some particu-lar sect. To attempt it would be inconsistent with the American system of govermiaent, and perilous to the successful administration of the school system. A purely secular basis is the only basis on which all citizens can unite. Then no one's doctrines are as-sailed or slurred. There is abundant opportunity for parents, Sunday-schools, and churches, to look after the religious education, the public school occupying only about one-sixth of the hours of the year. The public school can succeed only on a completely non-sectarian absolutely secular basis. On any other plan it is doomed." According to this, and it cannot be denied, Senator Blair, although the professed friend of education, is- working for the overthrow of our public-school system. This is a fact, although he is doubtless sincere in his work. The country has less to fear from plotting Jesuits than from professed Protestant National Reformers.  61-4*  IN the Elgin Convention, November 8, 1887, Dr Mandeville said on the subject of Sunday laws :Š " When the church of God awakes and does its duty on one side, and the State on the other, we shall have no further trouble in this matter." Yes, we remember how it was before when the Church and the State were united. The gentle Albigenses in Southern France greatly disturbed the church. But the church was wide-awake, for Innocent III. was pope. Philip Augustus was king of France; and the church awoke the State with the cry, "Up, most Christian king! up, and aid us in our work of vengeance!" And thus, with the energy of the pope on one side, and of Philip on the other, the soldiers of Philip marched down upon the Albigenses, and swept them from the earth. And as "the church did its duty on one side and the State on the other," there was no further trouble in that matter. Ł  THE American Sentinel, published weekly by the Pacific Press Publishing Co., Oakland, Cal., $1.00 a year, is doing good service in opposing those narrow-minded advocates of the union of Church and State.Š Wauseon, 0., Republican. Bound Volumes of the Sentinel. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL for 1889 can now be obtained neatly bound in a cloth volume, with leather back and corners, for $2.50, post-paid; bound in heavy paper, for $1.50, post-paid. Are You Going East? IF so, you will find it to your advantage to write to or call on B. R. Nordyke, Pacific Pi'ess, Oakland, Cal., ab6ut routes, tickets, etc. Parties are being formed to go 'East nearly every week. He has through car arrangements, and excel-lent accommodations for the traveling public. His next parties for Chicago and New York will leave San Francisco and Oakland, Cal., December 26 and 31. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO Ł The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and. religious. It will ever be uncompromisinglyopposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond St., NEW YORK. 