362 THE AiVIERICAN SENTINEL. and tossed, from one prison to another, contrary to law and justice [yet all in " due process of law" EDITOR], only for not frequenting his parish church," and for relinquishing the Church of England tog- gery, was prosecuted before an English court, the Lord Chief Justice presiding, who was assisted by the Master of the Rolls, the -Master of the Requests, a Mr. Gerard, the Dean of Westminster, the Sheriff of London, and the Clerk of the Peace. The record is in part as follows :Š Lord Chief Justice. ŠWho is this? White.ŠWhite, an't please your honor. L. C. J.ŠWhite? as black as the devil White.ŠNot so, my lord; one of God's children. Master of Requests. ŠWhat scriptures have you to ground your conscience against these garments? White.ŠThe whole Scriptures are for destroying idolatry, and everything that belongs to it. M. Req.ŠThese things never served to idolatry. White. ŠShough they are the same which were heretofore used to that purpose. M. Req.ŠWhere is the place where these are for-bidden ? White. ŠIn Deuteronomy and other places . . and God by Isaiah commandeth us not to pollute ourselves with the garments of the image. . . Master of the Rolls. ŠThese are no part of idol-atry, but are commanded by the prince for civil order; and if you will not be ordered, you show yourself disobedient to the laws, White. ŠI would not willingly disobey any law, only I would avoid those things that are not war-ranted by the word of God. M. Req.ŠThese things are commanded by an act of Parliament, and in disobeying the laws of your country you disobey God. White.ŠI do it not of contempt, but of con-science; in all other things I am an obedient sub-ject. L. C. J.ŠThou art a contemptuous fellow and will obey no laws. White.ŠNot so, my lord: I do and will obey laws; . . . refusing but a ceremony out of conscience . . . and I rest still a true subject. L. C. J.ŠThe Queen's majesty was overseen not to make you of her council, to make laws and orders for religion. White.ŠNot so, my lord; I am to obey laws warranted by God's word. L. C. J. ŠDo the Queen's laws command anything against God's word. White.ŠI do not so say, my lord. L. C. J.ŠYes, marry, do you, and there I will hold you. White.ŠOnly God and his laws are absolutely perfect; all men and their laws may err. L. C. J.ŠThis is one of Shaw's darlings. I tell thee what, I will not say anything of affection, for I know thee not, saving by this occasion; thou art the wickedest and most contemptuous person that has come before me since I sat in this commission. White.ŠNot so, my lord; my conscience witnes-seth otherwise. Dean of Westminster.ŠYou will not, then, be obedient to the Queen's commands ? White.ŠI would only avoid those things which have no warrant in the word of God; that are neither decent nor edifying, but are flatly con-trary. . . . L. C. J.ŠYou would have no laws. White.ŠIf there were no laws I would live a Christian and do no wrong; if I received any, so it were. L. C. J.ŠThou art a rebel. White.ŠNot so, my lord : a true subject. L. C. J ŠYes, I swear by God, thou art a very rebel; for thou wouldst draw thy sword, and lift up thy hand against thy prince, if time served. White.ŠMy lord, I thank God my heart stand-eth right toward God and my prince; and God will not condemn, though your honor hath so judged. L. C. J.ŠTake him away. White ŠI would speak a word which I am sure will offend, and yet I must speak it; I heard the name of God taken in vain; if I had done it, it had been a greater offense there than that which I stand here for. Mr. Gerard.ŠWhite, White, you don't behave yourself well. White.ŠI pray your worship show me wherein, and I will beg pardon and amend it. L. C. J.ŠI may swear in a matter of charity. White.ŠPray, my lord, let me have justice. I am unjustly committed; I desire a copy of my presentment. L. C. J.ŠYou shall have your head from your shoulders. Have him to the Gatehouse. White.ŠI pray you to commit me to some prison in London, that I may be near my house. L. C. J.ŠNo sir, you shall go thither. White.ŠI have paid fines and fees in other pris-ons; send me not where I shall pay them over again. L. C. J.ŠYes ,marry, shall you: this is your glory. White.ŠI desire no such glory. L. C. J.ŠIt will cost you twenty pounds, I war-rant you, before you come out. White.ŠGod's will be done. ŠNeal's "History of the Puritans," Vol. I. chap. V. Hitherto, it has been supposed by the American people that we had been deliv-ered from such judicial procedure as is here represented, and that citizens of the United States were free from attacks and abuse from the judicial bench on account of their religious beliefs and feelings. But when we are confronted with the fact that from a judicial bench of the United States thousands of citizens of the United States are fasely charged, to their reproach, and denounced as "disingenu-ous," and branded with the epithet of "fa-naticism" solely on account of their "reli-gious feelings," and their beliefs and wishes, with respect to religious observ-ances, then it is certainly time for the people of the United States to look about them and inquire whether the rights and liberties bequeathed to us by our fathers, are indeed all a delusion and a snare ? Of course, this is all consistent with the Judge's views of the relationship of reli-gion and the civil power, and the prerog-atives of those religionists who can se-cure control of legislation, and thus en-force upon all, their own religious beliefs and observances. But, in this as in every other point of his dictum, the Judge's ideas become a court of the Dark Ages more than any court of the nineteenth century ; and a country dominated by papal principles, instead of one dominated by the principles of the Declaration of Independence, and the United States Con-stitution. If the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States, stands indeed in things religious as well as things civil, and if the judges of those courts really sit in the place of God, and enjoy the infallibil-ity that belongs to such position, then it is proper enough, of course, that they should exercise that prerogative in decid-ing for individuals and sects what their  religious beliefs and wishes really are, and whether a religious feeling is fanaticism or not. But if such be not the jurisdic-tion of the courts, nor the position of the judges, then they are entirely out of place when they assume to themselves such jurisdiction and exercise such preroga-tives. And that such is not the jurisdiction of any court of the United States, nor the position of any judge thereof, is evident from every principle of. the Declaration of Independence and of the Constitution of the United States, and also from the whole history of the formation of that Constitution. In closing we cite a passage from a decis-ion of the Supreme Court of California, in a case involving the identical question and principle that was before the Circuit Court of the United States for the West-ern district of Tennessee. The principles set forth by the California Court are fully as applicable to the United States as they are to that State. We are sure that upon a comparison between this extract and that from Judge Hammond at the begin-ning of the article, no reader will have the slightest difficulty in deciding which has the true ring, or which sets forth the true American doctrine. The California Court said :Š The protection of the Constitution extends to every individual or to none. It is the individual that is to be protected. The principle is the same, whether the many or the few are concerned. The Constitution did not mean to inquire how many or how few would profess or not profess this or that particular religion. If there be but a single individual in the State who professes a particular faith, he is as much within the sacred protection of the Constitution as if he agreed with the great majority of his fellow-citizens. We cannot therefore inquire into the particular views of the petitioner, or any other individual. . . The Constitution protects the freedom of religious profession and worship, without regard to the sincerity or insincerity of the worshipers.  We could not inquire into the fact whether the individual professing to hold a particular day as his Sabbath was sincere or otherwise. He has the right to profess and worship as he pleases, without having his motives inquired into. His motives in exercising a constitutional privilege are matters too sacred for judicial scrutiny. Every citizen has the undoubted right to vote and worship as he pleases, without having his motives impeached in any tribunal of the State.ŠCal. Rep. 9 Lee. 515. And let all the people forever say, Amen. A. T. J. "CHRISTIANITY," says Blackstone, " is part of the laws of England." But if Christianity is only a part of English law then must there be other parts of the laws of England which are not Christian. And if the common law of England, as it stood in 1776, was adopted by the Constitution and became of force in the United States, then this country received into its legal code that which was unchristian as well as what was Christian. Which part was Christian and which was not ? 