  50 AMERICAN SENTINEL.       But when in her expansion and her imperial absorp-tion of territory, the Declaration of Independence must be repudiated, and the Constitution abandoned; when in such a career thefundamental principles of the nation and of natural right, are utterly ignored and when not ignored are scouted; here only and for this cause alone, it is that the AMERICAN SENTINEL enters its protest. If this nation would simply hold fast in unswerving allegiance, the Declaration of Independence and the National Constitution in letter and in spirit, and should expand to the ends of the earth, then her expansion would be an unmixed blessing to the whole world: as in her original little sphere, and her earlier expansion, and in spite of all other power, she has been a blessing to the whole world. If these vital principles of this nation were held by the nation in unquestioning faithfulness, and its imperialism were only in territory, even though it should embrace the territory of the whole earth: that also would be a blessing to the world. And the AMERICAN' SENTINEL would be glad of it all; because, to enlighten and bless the whole world with these principles is just what, and only what, this nation was planted for. Therefore, neither with expansion nor with imperial-ism in territory, has the SENTINEL ever had anything to do, nor will ever have anything to do. But since it is the indisputabletruth that this expansion and imperial-ism is, in every element and at every step carried on in open and entire repudiation of the Declaration of In-dependence and in disregard of the plain word as well as the whole spirit of the Constitution; since all the opportunities of expansion and imperialism, are made only occasions for the further abandonment of the vital principles of -this nation, which were given for the en-lightenment of the world; then it is, and this is why it is, that in the interests of mankind, and in behalf of blessing to the world, the AMERICAN SENTINEL opposes the principles of this expansion and this imperialism: the principles bear in mindŠnot the things, but the principles. Thus expansion and imperialism in territory might be extended by this nation to the ends of the earth and made to embrace the whole world; and if the principles of the Declaration and the Constitution were in faithful-ness carried with it and through it all everywhere, nobody could rightfully have anything whatever to say against it because it would be only for the blessing of the world. Whereas on the other hand, even though expansion had never reached beyond the limits of the possessions of the original thirteen States, and even though imperialism in territory had never been either heard of or mentioned in this nation; yet if imperialism . in principle and in governmental practise had been en-tertained as now; and if the principles of the Declaration and the Constitution had been repudiated as they are now; then every Christian and everybody else who has any regard for self-evident truth and the natural rights of mankind, would, in integrity to principle, be required to say just what the AMERICAN SENTINEL is saying. For such repudiation of principle by this nation can be only the calamity of the world. In this misapprehension and misjudging of the SENTINEL by these folks, there is a point that is most strange; that is: how anybody who has ever read the AMERICAN SENTINEL to any extent, can think that the present position and views of the SENTINEL on this subject are-in any sense new. In all this the SENTINEL stands precisely where it has always stood, and is saying exactly what it has always said. The only thing that is new is the new phase of things that has developed, to which are now applied the same things which we have always said. And even this new phase of, things is not altogether new: it is in present procedure largely the actual fulfillment of that which long ago we said would certainly come of seed that was then being sown. This could be proved to the length of pages from the files of the SENTINEL of years past. We shall not attempt to take the space for anything like all of it. In last week's SENTINEL there is an instance in point: where on the subject of governing without the Constitution, as is now being done, we quoted from the columns of the SENTINEL of May 7, 1891, what we then said must certainly come, and which has now actually come. And here is another instance: In the SENTINEL of June 11, 1891, under the heading of "There is Mischief in It," we discussed certain issues that were then current. In this discussion we were obliged to consider and note the principle and development of a one-man power, a civil despotism, in the Roman Republic; and the turning of it by the 'church power into a religious despotism. We there and then remarked that by false principles and wrong practises among the people there was developed first that civil despotism which was at last turned into a religious despotism. And now we quote:Š "[Thus, there was developed] more and more the despotism of the many, till it was merged into a despot-ism of threeŠthe first triumvirateŠwhich ended in the despotism of one, whom they murdered, which was followed immediately again by despotism of threeŠthe second triumvirateŠwhichended again in the despotism of oneŠCaesar AugustusŠand the final establishment of the imperial despotism, the most horrible civil despotism that ever was, and which continued until Constantine and the political bishops turned it into themost horrible religious despotism that ever was. "That was the end of that story then and there; and the perfect likeness to it will be the end of this story now and here. "And this answers the query of one of our corres-pondents, as to what' business has the SENTINEL, a religious paper, to touch this question which is political? We are persuaded that the SENTINEL has not missed its calling, nor spent its efforts in vain in this respect. The SENTINEL is a religious paper, that is true; and it exists for the sole purpose of exposing to the American people the movement for the establishment of a religious des-potism here, after the model of the papacy. 