140 ThE A.IVIERICA.N SENTINEL. The American Sabbath Union proposes to change this order of things that Christ prophe-sied should exist. He said that as it was before his first advent, so it should be till the end of time: the righteous should be evil spoken of by the world, and would have greater difficulty in mak-ing a living. He expressly told his followers that they would be cast out even as he had been; that they could not plan for ease in this life, and at the same time secure the life to come. He taught them that, when there was a question of right and wrong, they should not parley, nor take anxious thought as to what they should eat or drink or wherewithal they should be clothed, if they should pursue a right course, but that they should first seek the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and trust him for their neces-sary support. He expressly stated that if a man did not take up his cross and deny himself, he could not be his disciple. Now, suppose the American Sabbath Union succeeds in getting laws upholding the Christian religion, and making it easy for a man to profess Christianity, making it impossible for him to suf-fer any loss thereby, what would be the result? It would simply show that the Christianity that was thus professed was not Christianity at all, but a false profession thereof. By their claiming that they are going to have the religion of Christ re-spected, and to secure those who profess it from being put to disadvantage, they are doing their best to prove that Christ was a false prophet. But this cannot be done. Christ spoke truth. He did not say that the majority of men would reject truth because he wanted them to do so, but because he knew just what they would do. National Reformers may say as much as they please that, although their laws will make it easy for men to profess Christianity and to comply with the outward forms of it, they will not hinder them from being real Christians at heart, and true followers of Christ; but before they can make their claim good, they will have to prove that the Bible is untrue. Jesus said: "Broad is the way that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat ; " and that the way to life is narrow, and that few will find it. But the American Sabbath Union proposes to make the way to life so broad that nobody can help finding it; and then if anybody has a desire to follow the Saviour, and to walk in the narrow path, it will pursue him with a goad and compel him to walk in the broad way. But " the Scripture cannot be broken." The broad way will be till the end of time the way to destruction. And so, when the National Reformers shall have succeeded in get-ting their system of Christianity so protected by civil law that nobody can suffer any inconven-ience in obeying its demands, they will simply have succeeded in changing the truth of God into a lie, and in leading people to destruction while making them believe that they are leading them to everlasting life. Christ never authorized anybody to offer ease and comfort as an inducement for people to fol-low him. He had no ease while on earth, and he said that it is enough that the servant be as his Lord. When he sent Ananias to baptize Saul of Tarsus, he said, " I will show him how great things he must suffer for my sake." The American Sabbath Union says : " We must show men how little they will have to suffer, and how prosperous they may be in business, for the Lord's take." Is it not antichrist.? When a man came to Christ, saying, " Master, I will follow thee whithersoever thou goest," he replied : " The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests ; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head." He was "a man of sor-rows, and acquainted with grief," and he says, "If they have called the Master of the house Beelze-bub, how much more shall they call them of his household ?" But the American Sabbath Union proposes to make Christianity very popular; therefore it proposes to lead men away from Christ and pure Christianity. The apostle Paul says, "If we suffer, we shall also reign with him ; " but the American Sabbath Union proposes to make it impossible for any-body to reign with Christ, by making it impossi-ble for anybody to suffer with him. Again he says of the children of God that they are " heirs of God, and joint heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may also be glorified together." But the American Sabbath Union says that it must not be possible for anybody to be made to suffer for Christ. Therefore we say that the American Sabbath Union is an anti-christian institution, devoted to the suppression of pure Christianity, and the propagation of hy-pocrisy and dead formalism; and to just that ex-tent, also, is it an enemy of mankind. Let every lover of pure Christianity and of his fellow-men work heart and soul against its iniquitous work. E. J. W. 01 411 I. How Mrs. Bateham Shows Up the Adventists. IN the Christian Statesman of April 11, Mrs. J. C. Bateham writes an article headed, "The Seventh-day Adventists and the Sabbath." We propose to examine it in connection with another article written by her, on the same page, entitled, "Sabbath Rest and How to Maintain It." In the first-mentioned article she says:Š " The Seventh-day Adventists are circulating in many of the States petitions to Congress against any legislation in favor of a day of rest. They say the ul-timate intent of Blair's Sunday-Rest bill is to compel people to attend church ; that it is to help the Catho-lics; that a union of Church and State will be the re-sult, and various other things, all of which are of course false." Yes, some of the Adventists are circulating that protest, and scores of other people, of all classes, are doing the same thing. Whether it is the intent of the Sunday-law advocates to get people to church, we shall see further on. Al-though many of the Catholics do not favor the Sunday-Rest bill, yet it is in the direct line of the fundamental principles of their church. That was the first church that ever asked a civil gov-ernment to enforce an article of church discipline by the passage of a Sunday-Rest law. That law was the first step in a union of Church and State, which logically culminated in the tribunals of the Inquisition. That law was passed on the principle that the State has a right to define and protect religion, and that protection means com-pulsion. " The proper object of government is to protect all per-sons in the enjoyment of their religious as well as civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall es-teem one day above the other, or esteem all days alike holy." "Let the National Legislature once perform an act which involves the decision of a religious controversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The precedent will then be established, and the foundation laid, for that usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country which has been the desolating scourge to the fairest portions of the Old World." "All religious despotism commences by combination and influence, and when that influence be- gins to operate upon the political institutions of a country the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the conse-quence." "Among all the religious persecutions with which almost every page of modern history is stained, no victim ever suffered but for the violation of what government de-nominated the law of God."ŠU. S. Senate Report,1829. Mrs. Bateham says, " all" of these statements of the Adventists "are of course false." What an easy matter it is for her to do away with the arguments of an opponent. " Of course." That is all she needs to say, and the thing is settled. "Of course." Isn't that conclusive reasoning? What more could be asked for? Is she not a prominent official of the Woman's Christian Tem- perance Union? and are not their decisions au-thoritative when they speak ex cathedra f  She has traveled enough, and surely she ought to know whether a thing is so or not. But if she feels so assured that everybody will take it as a matter "of course " that "all" the statements made by the Adventists on this subject are "false," why does she waste her precious time and the valuable space of the Statesman by noticing them at all? We apprehend she has met argu- ments backed up by evidence which she cannot refute, and that is why she asks the people to ac- cept her statements as a matter " of course," with- out any effort at reasoning or production of proof. She says further:Š "The bill is designed to save our State Sabbath laws from destruction as the result of the National Government having allowed postal and other work and interstate commerce on Sunday, and to secure a weekly day of rest to the laborers who are among the largest class of petitioners." Doctor Crafts also says in the same paper, that " the national law is needed to make the State laws complete and effective." This shows that when the national law is se-cured we shall stand in an entirely different rela-tion to the State laws than we do atŁ the present time. Many of the State laws are now practically useless, for reasons given above, hence they ask for a national law to make the State laws "ef-fective." Now listen to this :Š " If made into a law it will no more compel church-going than do our own State laws, and will have no more tendency to bring about a union of Church and State than these State laws under which we have lived since States were formed." That is to say, that when the State laws be-come "complete and effective" they will produce no different results than are seen at the present time, while they are incomplete and ineffective. In other words, because the horrors which attend a union of Church and State are not experienced while the union is ineffective, therefore there is nothing to be feared when it becomes effective. Still air never blows anybody away, therefore how can a cyclone be dangerous? Mrs. Bateham says further, in her last-men-tioned article:Š " Senator Blair's Sunday-Rest bill, prepared at the request of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and in response to the first two millions of petitions, is in the main entirely satisfactory to us." She must, then, regard it as a law that will do some good, else it would not be " entirely satisfac-tory" to her. Now, how must Sunday be kept in order to be beneficial according to the expe-rienced judgment of Mrs. Bateham? She says:Š " I have spent many months in the countries of Europe and in the West Indies, and have traveled over a large portion of this country and of England, and have everywhere made a zareful study of the Sabbath as affecting the people in their home life and national life, their mind and their bodies, their mor-als and their religion, and I everywhere find that the more carefully the ay is kept as a day for rest and 