101fiptioto,—,. 41,:,  41( qfp 7;11 Equal and exact justice to all rriert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas jeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 27, 1890. NUMBER 9. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND Sr.,, NEw Yolia. EDITORS, E. 3. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. Ix the Cincinnati National ReformŁCon-vention Judge M. B. Hagans said :Š Te people of this city are tired of being tied to a beer barrel seven days in the week. Therefore, that they may be loosed for-ever from the beer barrel, they want the saloon shut, on Sunday. Certainly; they are tired of being tied' to the beer barrel seven days in the week; tie them only six, and let them loose on Sunday, and they will all be. happy.. For our part we will have nothing to do with the wicked thing at all; Łand we will not compromise with it by asking that it be shut on Sunday only. The power that can shut the saloon on Sunday can shut it all the time. There-fore if they shut the saloon on Sunday and not all the time it shows that they do not want to shut it any of the time but Sunday. And the shutting of the saloon on Sunday only, is positive proof that it is not hatred of the saloon but love for Sunday which is expressed. POOR Mrs. Mary Jones, of One Hun-dred and Fourth Street, was found yester-day (February 8),, with a dose of laudanum in her stomach.. Being a dejected and dis-tressed creature, it was assumed that she had attempted suicide. She was seized by a policeman, dragged out of her home, sent to Bellevue Hospital, where she was pumped out, and where she is to-day a prisoner under the idiotic law which as-sumes to punish people for trying and failing to dispose of their lives. Mrs. Jones says that she was ill and meant to take a dose of ginger, but got hold of the wrong bottle. Perhaps the poor, unfortu-nate woman is fibbing, but what a ridicu-lous law is that which makes an attempted  suicide a misdemeanor, and thereby sets a premium upon successful self-destruction! ŠNew York World. True enough. And another ridiculous featuie about such a law is, that it inflicts a heavier punishment upon the attempt to do a thing than upon the actual doing of it. That is, if a person attempts to kill himself and fails, he is fined and impris-oned; whereas if he actually kills himself, and even mangles himself all to pieces, he is let go scot free, with not the slightest attempt made to punish him in the least degree. A Hearing on the Breckinridge Sunday Bill. TUESDAY, February 18, there was held a hearing by the House Committee on the District of Columbia, in the committee-room in the capitol, on the Breckinridge Sunday bill. In favor of the bill there appeared and spoke, Rev. George Elliot, Rev. J. H. El-liott, Mr. H. J. Schiateis,ŠKnight of La-borŠMr. Inglis, and Rev. W. F. Crafts. Against the bill there appeared and spoke, Elder J. 0. Corliss, of Washington City, Mr. Millard F. HobbsŠDistrict Master Workman Knights of Labor, and Alonzo T. Jones of the SENTINEL; and Prof. H. W. McKee, Secretary of the Re-ligious Liberty Association, submitted a brief. Rev., George Elliot said he appeared as the representative of the Ministers' Alli-ance of the city of Washington, and the the American Sabbath Union. The Alli-ance is composed of fifty-six evangelical ministers, whose pastorates comprise near-ly all Protestant Christians of the city of Washington. He said: "We rely on the extreme simplicity of our case. The Dis-trict of Columbia is practically without Sunday legislation. The Ministers' Alli-ance became aware of this by attempting some prosecutions. In this attempt we found ourselves without available law, and we stopped suddenly. We kept still about it because we did not want it to  become known. Although we represent churches, we do not come as churches. We believe God commands the rest of the seventh day. That is a matter of con-science with each individual. We also be-lieve that the day is needed for rest, for the generahgood, without reference to the religious aspects of the question. It is true religion enters into this question in a meas-ure, because the day named in the bill is the one already observed by the great majority of the religious people of the country. "We ask this with the more confidence, because, with the exception of the gentle-men from California, all the represent-atives of this House come from. States which have Sunday laws. Here are gen-tlemen of the Committee from Vermont, New York, New Hampshire, all of which have excellent Sunday laws., It is there-fore a very little thing which we ask. In the early history of the District it had a Sunday lawŠthe old Maryland law; but this, without any will of the people, has been allowed to become obsolete. We ask that that which has become obsolete,with-out any expressed will of the people, shall be restored. Sunday laws are almost im-memorial. Beginning with Constantine, carried on by Theodosius, and in England by Alfred, Athelstan, Edward, and their successors, down to our own colonial times, and from these by our States. The ob-servance of Sunday is already enforced by the consciences of the largest portion of the people." Mrs. Catlin told the. committee how the question of a District Sunday bill origi;  nated, saying that their feelings had been shocked at work on SundayŠ" gangs of men at work in our beautiful streets on the Sabbath." She then said that she had over 27,000 petitions to present, but she had taken them out of the safe the night before and left them lying on a lounge near a window, and that in the night they had been stolen. The thief had hoisted the window and reached in and got the bundle. She did not suppose that he had any idea of what it was that he was taking; but 