196 tglikT9PIIIN-1=, A. VoL. 10, No. 25. nies from carrying on their business on Sun- day. And the ministers of the gospel are very far from minding their own business when they ask them to do it, or when they use their influence in any way; to get others to do it. This can be shown in another way. The commission which requires the minister to preach the gospel, says further: " He that believeth . . . shall be saved, but he that believeth. not shall be damned." It is the business of the minister to preach the gospel. It -is the business of the sinner to believe or to disbelieve, just as he pleases, and it is the pre-rogative of God alone to condemn him if he does not believe. But the minister is not sat-isfied with attending to his part of the busi-ness. He must needs attend to the sinner's business by compelling him to act as though he believed. And that, too, to the neglect of his own business; for he accomplishes his work, not by persuasion, but by force,Šnot by preaching the gospel, but by the power of the policeman's club. And at the same time he takes God's part of the business into his own hands by condemning and punishing the sinner for his unbelief. Are the ministers minding their own busi-ness ? PRESENT STATUS OF THE SUNDAY BASE BALL QUESTION IN ST. PAUL, MIN- NESOTA. BY H. F. PHELPS. As related in a former communication, the opposition to the Sunday baseball game in this city was such that the opponents, led by Mr. Haupt, pastor of the Church of the Mes-siah, had given bonds for costs and secured an injunction restraining the playing of Sunday games. The case was argued, the defense giv-ing evidence, as set forth in the complaint itself, that the playing of the game only upon Sunday was sought to be enjoined, while such games were played upon other days of the week, therefore it was argued as being an effort to prevent Sabbath-breaking, a matter of which the court had no equitable cognizance; and that if a nuisance at all is being committed it is as much so on one day as another, and that the relief de-manded evidenced the fact that these acts did not constitute a nuisance per se. In answer to this it was pleaded that it did not appear that the week-day gatherings are of the same objectionable character as those on Sunday, and that such gatherings are much less disturbing upon week days when members of the household are actively engaged in the performance of their respective secular duties. " But," said the judge, after reviewing these points, " I am not disposed to rest my decision upon such narrow grounds." Ł Inasmuch as it is a fact that a nuisance is such every day in the week, and as the com-plainants only pleaded that the games were such on Sunday, therefore it follows that the court could not, of right, enjoin the playing of the game on Sunday on the ground that it is a nuisance; and, inasmuch as they only asked that the games be prohibited on Sunday and not on other days, this being clearly in evidende that it is an effort to prevent the desecration of the Sabbath (Sunday), and, therefore, not cognizable at the bar; it will be of interest to know on what grounds the judge rested his decision. This we will give in his own words:Š From the earliest time in this country, one day in the week for rest and tranquility has been everywhere  recognized as an absolute right of the citizen who may desire to avail himself of such immunity from toil and business cares, and this right has been again and again recognized, established and confirmed by express stat-ute, by the setting aside of the seventh day for such purpose, invalidating all contracts attempted to be made thereon and inhibiting all manner of work save only that of charity and necessity. The citizen may spend the day as he will, provided he does not disturb his neighbor, and courts of equity will not interfere, but this right to a quiet and restful day must not be invaded. It is therefore as clear as the noon-day that the judge renders his decision upon religious grounds and no other. This will be more ap-parent when we consider for a moment the case of the Jew or Seventh-day Adventist. Have not these an equal "right to a quiet and restful day" as all others ? And would the courts enjoin the playing of ball on Saturday, the true Sabbath day, on the ground that it is a disturbance of this restfulness? Evi-dently not. The answer would be: Let these people accept as their " quiet and restful day" the day set aside by the majority. But the judge argues still further, as follows :Š Meetings of the character complained of and con-tinued for months to come must necessarily for the time being disturb the peace and quietude of the home, and must, to use the statutory definition of nuisance, constitute " an obstruction to the free use of property so as to interfere with the comfortable enjoyment of life and property." All of this was contradicted as a matter-of fact by property owners upon all sides, who would crowd windows and balconies every day, Sundays and all (unless with some few possible exceptions), in order that they might watch the progress of the games. But the games are prohibited in that local-ity, and the church has gained one "victory" by an appeal to Cmsar in behalf of her idol, a false Sabbath. St. Paul, Minn., May 81. DOES NOT ALTER THE CASE. [From Die Rundschau, * Chicago, May 291 - THE AMERICAN SENTINEL reports the re-lease of J. Q. Allison, the Seventh-day Ad-ventist of Georgia. He was, indeed, found guilty of the crime of Sabbath desecration for plowing his field on Sunday; however, the judge was more merciful with him than was at first reported. He sentenced him to pay the costs of the court, amounting to $22, and only in case of default of payment, to the chain-gang for one year. Allison chose the latter punishment, although his neighbors offered to pay the fine for him.f He was, therefore, given into the custody of the sheriff who boarded a train to Atlanta with him and other prisoners, there to " hire " him " out " to a contractor to do convict labor. But when the train reached Austell, Allison's home, the sheriff -ordered him to get off and go home, at the same time warning him to desist in future from all Sunday labor, or the full pen-alty of the law would be inflicted. As was afterwards learned, unknown parties had paid the costs for Allison. Self-evidently, this really gratifying result does in nowise alter our judgment on the Sunday laws generally,-and that of Georgia especially. We rather maintain every law to be objectionable which in any way encroaches upon the religious liberty and freedom of con-science of the citizen of this country; and we assert now, as then, that nearly all Sunday * Translated especially for the AMERICAN SENTINEL, by Rev. Oscar Goetz, Gretna, La. t This is, we 'think, a mistake. Mr. Allison's neighbors urged him to pay the costs, but did not offer to do it for him. How-ever, as the payment of fines and costs in such cases only serve to strengthen a wrong principle, Mr. Allison could not have become a party to it any way, even by consenting that others might do it. It was done finally however, without his knowledge.ŠEn. SENTINEL. Ł laws have been enacted from religious motives in favor of some certain religion. And this Georgia Sunday law, if we may so call it, bears just such a religious character. For Section 4582 of the State Code explicitly de-fines that all money arising from fines imposed for offenses committed on the " Sabbath day " shall be " distributed for the purpose of estab-lishing and promoting ŁSabbath schools in the county." Thus making of a merely ecclesias-tical institution,Šthe Sunday school,Ša State institution; and, in fine, contemptuously trampling under foot the American principle of complete separation of State and Church. A POINTED PARODY. THAT valuable paper, Our Dumb Animals, publishes in its May number, the following pointed poetical parody by M. E. Beck, and introduces it with the bracketed words, " For the consideration of lots of our so-called Christian churches ":Š The Boys' Brigade. I want to be a soldier, And with the soldiers stand, A cap upon my forehead, A rifle in my hand. I want to drill for service With Military skill, And master modern tactics,Š The most approved to kill. I want to face a battle, Where bristling sabres gleam, And hear the wounded shrieking, And see the life-blood stream. I want to wear a starry coat, And ride a prancing steed, And write my name in history, By some heroic deed. We're drilling now in church and school The Loyal Boys' Brigade; We represent the highest type Of soldiers ever made. That error, "Love 'your enemies," That has so long been taught, Would wreck the State, and surely bring This Government to naught. And that stale nonsenseŠbeaten, spears Made into "pruning hooks," And " swords to ploughshares," Šsilly stuff; How weak and tame it looks! Peace Conferences must be set back; The Sermon on the Mount, For special drill of Boys' Brigades, Most surely will not count. We'll help the Church to march in line With this progressive age; Ring out the old, ring in the new, With fighting on the stage. Rule out the patient Nazarene; Rule out the Golden Rule Ł And base our creeds and catechisms On the military school. We'll file around the pulpit steps, With spear, and sword, and gun, And sing and shout in Sunday School "Fight on! fight on!! fight on!! ! " SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT IN MANITOBA. 60 Wardlaw Ave., Winnipeg, Manitoba. June 2, 1895. EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL: I write to show you that the Sunday-law spirit is not confined to the United States and Europe, but here in Manitoba, it is beginning to be manifested. George Alcock is a Seventh-day Adventist, living near Gladstone. He is a farmer, and is looked upon as a very consistent Christian by all who are acquainted with him. Last Sunday, his son, who makes no profession of religion, and two Seventh-day Adventists, were at work planting potatoes on Mr. Alcock's farm. Mr. Alcock himself was engaged in 