662 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "I am the light of the world, he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life," therefore, "Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven." John 8:12; Matt.-5:16. Man's knowledge of death is more perfect than his knowledge of life. Men are adepts in taking life, from the life of the little sparrow to that of man created in the image of God. It seems a small matter to many to see death reigning everywhere, and to listen to the sad tales of woe as they multiply and fill the land. Life is considered a small thing and death a matter of little comment. Men are skilled in all the arts and sciences for causing death, and have scarcely a glimmer of light on the great secret of life. The candle of hope has burned so low that nearly all accept as an inevitable guest the visitation of death, and in stoical despair are conquered, and go into .the grave without a ray of faith to light the gloomy way. Christ is regarded as a strange being possessing unnat-ural instincts, and eternal life in his presence is a bless-ing feared and shunned by millions; Satan is becoming more and more regarded as a friend and benefactor of the human family, and his knowledge a thing to be deŁ sired, and the horrifying result is, that the race is, "wise to do evil, but to do good they have no knowledge." And more than this, the Spirit and life of truth is terri-bly diminished in the hands of the professing churches through compromise with sin. There are very few who have the moral courage to stand for the right in the face of public sentiment, and for this reason we find a constantly degenerating church pastored by leaders who often compromise the truth in order to meet the favor of a backsliding people. And the result: "Hear the word of the Lord, ye children of Israel: for the Lord bath a controversy with the inhabitants of the land, because there is no truth, nor mercy, nor knowledge, of God in the land. By swearing, and lying, and killing, and stealing, and committing adultery, they break out, and blood toucheth blood." Hosea 4:1, 2. History re-peats itself. "The thing that has been is that which shall be, and there is no new thing under the sun." What the -Jewish Church did to Christ, the Apostate Church of the 19th century will do for his people. The gospel of Christ is too broad for creeds and cat-,echisms, and the creed-bound professor will sooner or later be found a persecutor. The Jews placed their tra-dition of the gospel above the gospel; they held their opinion of Christ in higher esteem than the living Christ. Their tradition was such a strange gospel, and their opinion of the Saviour so different from that which he really was, that they had to give up their traditions, sacrifice their opinion, and believe the true gospel, or crucify the Lord. And they choose to stain their hands with the blood of murder, rather than humble them-selves before the Son of God. They reasoned that upon them rested the responsibility of maintaining the dig- nity of the church, and that Christ had no right to reveal himself as the Saviour, nor preach his gospel of salvation, unless duly authorized to do so by them. But the Bible proves that Christ invested no man with the authority to maintain the dignity of his church and gospel. The Holy Spirit alone can maintain the dig-nity of the Church of Christ, and to him only has the Lord given authority to direct the minds and destinies of men. "For the Scripture saith unto Pharaoh, even for this same purpose have I raised thee up, that I might show my power in thee, and that my name might be declared throughout the earth. Therefore hath he mercy on whom he will have mercy, and whom he will he harden-eth." Rom. 9:17, 18. It required a mighty testimony of righteousness to decide the Jews in their action to-ward the Lord. His message of sinless life was not found in their traditions. His doctrine of spiritual lib-erty was not taught by their priests and elders. God's message of love and freedom was received as one of bondage and condemnation, and so they reasoned: "If we let him thus alone, all men will believe in him; and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation. And one of them named Caiaphas, being the high priest that same year, said unto them, Ye know nothing at all, nor consider that it is expedient that one man should die, and that the whole nation perish not." John 11:48, 49. The Jews argued that the doctrine of Christ was a menace to the nation, and it would be better to kill him, and thus settle the matter, than to permit him to preach his unpopular doctrine, and ruin them all. This is not altogether an old argument, for we have identically the same reasoning in this 19th century and with the same object in mind. Let us compare modern reasoning with that of the Pharisees, and take warning from the similarity:Š "It is plainly discover- "Then gathered the chief able that they (Seventh- priests and the Pharisees d ay Adventists) more than a council, and said, What any other class, are re-  do we, for this man doeth sponsible for the Sabbath many miracles." [Sunday] labor of to-day and for the disregard for the Sabbath that now dis-graces us as an American people. "While churches have "If we let him alone, all been growing conscience-  men will believe on him: less on the question of and the Romans shall Sabbath observance, the come and take away our various classes who per-  place and nation." form compulsory Sabbath labor have grown in disre- gard for the churches until now there is a condition among a large body of laboring people, of hatred to-ward the churches, and disrespect toward all who pro-fess to be Christians. Instead of our Saturdarian peo-ple comprehending the real cause of the present situa- 