50 AMERICAN.  SRN-LEIN-EL, to sacrifice the individual for the good of the state or of society. There is an illustration of this just now in France, where there is great excitement over the question of the innocence or guilt of an alleged traitor. The government seems to think that the good of France demands that the condemned individual should suffer his prescribed punishment, even though he may have-been unjustly con-victed. In Russia, as noticed elsewhere in this issue, little children and infants are ruthless torn from their parents' arms in the night, by the government police, and taken awayto be brought up as orthodox members of the state church. And this is done for the preservation of the state. But the government of God' holds to no such principle. That government, the maintenance of which is essential to the welfare of every being in the universe; that govern-ment, as compared with which in importance all earthly governments are as nothing,Šwould dissolve and go out of existence sooner than it would perpetrate a wrong upon one individual. however small, obscure, or humble. Sooner than do this, God himself would abdicate the throne of the universe. Yet an earthly government, a mere human and temporal affair, tries to justify itself in doing what would never at any hazard be dared by the government of Heaven. That which would dissolve the government of the universe, these earthly governments do for their "preservation" ! But there is nothing in it but dissolution for any government that does it, under any circumstances. The interests of the individual and of the state cannot be sep-arated. When the state cuts loose from the individual and holds only to "the masses," it cuts loose from safe principle, and starts upon the sure road to decline and ruin. Ł 4 THAT wicked spirit of enforced militarismŠmiscalled patriotismŠis becoming more widespread, and becomes more bold, unreasoning, and vicious, as it spreads. At Appleton, Wis., there is an institution called Lawrence University that is making for itself a reputation in this species of despotism. There is at this "university" a student who is study-ing for the ministry, and who, quite oddly for these days of military Christianity, has enough of the spirit of Christ to enable him to see that training for the ministry of Christ and training to kill people are not consistent; that the Spirit of Christ and the spirit of war are not in any sense compatible. He has therefore refused to en-gage in the military drills, or to belong to the militia, of the "university." For this he "is to be court-martialed" by the "university authorities." The Milwaukee correspondent of the Chicago Times-Herald reports on the matter thus:Š "The parents of Otto Haefner, the student at Law-rence University, Appleton, who is to be court-martialed or refusing to drill, live at 591 Reed Street in this city,  anel hilly sustain their son in his action. When seen to-day Mrs. Haefner said she could not understand why the university authorities should take such a step. 'My son,' she said, is studying for the ministry and has no taste for the militia. It does not seem fair that he should be obliged to drill when his inclinations are in an entirely different direction. He has been a good student, and the letters we have received from him have told how well he is getting along. He has worked hard in his studies, and certainly ought not to be punished for not being in sym-pathy with a military training. If he needs help, we win go to him."' Yes, and so should the people of the whole State of Wisconsin and of the whole United States, come to the boy's help. For it is perfectly evident that this evil spirit of enforced militarism, of despotic "patriotism;" pro-poses to stop at nothing; but will override all individ- ual right, all right of conscience, and even of God him-self. Wherever there yet remains any person who has any real respect for individual right, for the right of con-science, or of God, it is high time that his voice were being heard as far as it can be made to sound. A. T. J, 0 -0,--410  Who Provides the Sabbath? IN the city of Boston, last month, representatives of the Presbyterian, Baptist, Unitarian, and Congregation_ alist churches met to discuss the question of Sunday observance, and passed a resolution saying, "We favor every wise effort to secure such speedy legislation as shall! compel every transportation company to provide one-day's rest out of every seven." We believe as much as anybody does that peopleŁ ought to have one day of rest in sevenŠthe seventh day Šbut we have been under the impression that God him-self has provided this rest for everybody; and if this is so, we do not see the force of asking the legislatures to pro-vide it. If the seventh day of rest is not yet provided for peo-ple, then it is no sin for the people to work on the Sab-bath ; for how can they have a rest which is not provided for them? and on the other hand, if the rest is provided, then it only remains for the people to take it, and there is no necessity for calling for legislative action in the matter. Why should a legislature be asked to provide the. people with something they already have? Now there is a plain command of the Lord given in the Bible that all persons should "remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," not doing any work upon it. But if God commands the people to take a rest which is not provided them, he is unreasonable and asks them to doŁ an impossibility. This is altogether contrary to ourŁ conception of God. "Freethinkers" and other non-Christians say that God is unreasonable and that his requirements are un-just; and when Christian bodies get together and gravely 