108 AMERICAN SENTINEL. they were doing, and we wanted to teach them how to have a real good time." " But what if their ways and ideas of fun are different from yours, my boy, and what if they really don't know a great many things that you and the other boys do know; would that make it right for you to compel them to learn your ways?" "But, father, don't you remember the sermon our minister preached Sunday about what the United States was doing over in the Philippine Islands,Šdidn't he say the United States had a right to tell the people there what to do to have a good government and be happy, because they were so ignorant and uncivilized?" "Yes, I remember he did, Jack; but that doesn't prove anything. We Can't believe all that even ministers say, these days. Let me tell you' what some one else saidŠa great man who lived when our Government was being set up. He said that all governments 'derive their just powers from the consent of the governed.' That man was Thomas Jefferson, and he put those words in the Declaration of Independence." "Yes; I remember hearing them read last fourth of July," said Jack. "And there's another great man who lived not very long ago," continued Mr. Martin, "who said that when a white man governed himself and some other man too, that was not liberty, but despotism. That man was Abraham Lincoln." "I guess I see your point, father; it don't matter if people are ignorant and uncivilized; they still have a right to be happy in their own way." "Yes, my boy; and that's the only way they can be happy; that's the only way they can be free, and no one can be happy without freedom. Jimmie Lane wasn't happy this afternoon in your parade, though he was doing what you thought was about the grandest thing possible for a boy. But now I have some work to look after, and we'll talk more of this another time. And I hope you'll see that you ought to apologize to Jimmie," said Mr. Martin. " Well, perhaps I ought," was Jack's reply. "At any rate, Ill not try after this to govern other fellows so much, and myself so little." The War of Principle.ŠNo. 17. "How 'SENSITIVE the Jews were as to having their opinions, traditions, and notions questioned," said Cecil. "How much more sensible it is to be unprejudiced, to be willing to investigate, and, if shown to be in the wrong, to acknowledge it like a man, and adjust one's life to the truth!" "The Jews were no more sensitive than we are, Cecil, and sensible as it may seem toinvestigate as you advise, there are very few willing to do so." "But, Aleck, it is so bigoted, egotistical, senseless,  perfectly foolish, to set one's 'stakes,' and then blind-fold with prejudice, and say, 'This is the limit of truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.'" "And yet you can see that such a course is the logi-cal outcome of self-dependence. It must have a definite, limited, finite boundary,Šone that it can control." "Why is it, Aleck, that from the Jews down to the last Christian sect, this 'setting stakes' business is so much in vogue? Why, I can see that persecution of all kind has come out of it from first to last. People who do not have any definite belief, are more tolerant and accessible." "I think, Cecil, that it is something like coral forma-tion; while the life is there, the reef grows. When life de-parts, there's nothing left but the petrified form of what was once a living thing. The devil is behind the preju-dice and the persecution. A dead form is of no practical benefit to the right formation of living character, and he sways human nature to contend for what men still blindly imagine is the living faith." "But one would think they would contend against total unbelievers more than against those who were go-ing on with the true life." "No. They are really more in harmony with the un-believing, even though preserving the form of life. Be-sides, the true life points out the humiliating factŠthat their old form is really deadŠonly a 'stake." "Yes; that is so. Where actual living truth goes, there is interest awakening, new advocates, and, of course, a rallying of the foe," said Cecil. " Yes. And as there is really no power from above, and power must be had, men seek it in the state, in so-ciety, in themselves." "This is all illustrated in Paul's preaching at Anti-och. He proved the Jews guilty of crucifying their Christ, showed how by despising his testimony, they fulfilled the words of their own prophets, and invited all who would, to partake of the grace of God. When the Jews refused it, he preached the gospel to the Gentiles, and because multitudes responded, envy took hold of the jealous Israelites. Then they took the next step, and stirred up the devout and honorable women, and the chief men of the city, and raised persecution against Paul and Barnabas, and expelled them from their coasts." "Both unbelieving Jews and Gentiles took part against them in Iconium," said Aleck. "Yes, and the next experience shows how unreliable human nature is." "How is that ?" " Why, Paul was instrumental in healing a poor cripple. The people were idolaters, and began to cry that the gods had come among them. They were ready to do sacrifice to .the apostles, and indeed Paul had a time of it to convince them that he was not to be wor-shiped. He preached the true God to them. Shortly after, their Jewish persecutors came down and changed 