352 VOL. 11, No. 44 NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 5, 1896. taW".  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE coming year seems destined to be one of unparalleled activity on the part of the religious legislationists. NEVER in the history of our country has the demand for more rigid Sunday "laws," and for the strict enforcement of those now upon the statute books been so loud and de-termined as just now. EVERY man who opposes Sunday "laws," so-called, is now denounced as a "traitor" and "anarchist," while those who override real law and justice in the interests of statute-intrenched religion are landed as "Christian citizens." WE begin this week the publication of a series of interesting articles on " Christian Citizenship" from the pen of Mr. Geo. E. Fifield, of South Lancaster, Mass. We are sure that no one who reads one of these arti-cles will willingly fail to read the entire series. "PROFANATION of the Lord's day, called Sabbath-breaking, is," says Blackstone, "a ninth offense against God and religion, pun-ished by the municinal law of England." But notwithstanding this fact we are told that Sunday laws are purely "civil," "mere police regulation." ONE object of so-called Christian citizen-,ship is to practically, if not legally, establish a religious test not only for office but for citizenship, and thus nullify that article of the Constitution which declares that no re-ligious test shall ever be applied for any office or public trust. THE so-called Christian citizenship which imagines that God is glorified by a pervexsion of civil government from its legitimate pur-pose, so that instead of being the sentinel to guard civil rights it shall become the censor and despot to define and enforce moral duties is a most serious menace to the liberties of the American people. THE Board of Supervisors of Alameda County, Cal., in session at Oakland, October 19, refused to pass a Sunday ordinance demanded by the popular minister of the county. M. C. Wilcox, editor of the Signs of the Times, was present and spoke in oppo-sition to the ordinance. The San Francisco Examiner, of the following day; thus briefly summarizes his remarks: "Mr. Wilcox said he was there to protest against the passage of  the measures proposed by the memorial. He declared that it was entirely a religious mat-ter, and un-American. He also said that everybody did not agree that the present day observed was the Sabbath, and he thought it unfair to the Adventist and the Hebrew to make him accept the day. It was not a ques-tion of whether the day was sacred or not, but of whether a legislative body should pass a law making one day sacred." THE advocates of "National Reform," "Christian Citizenship," etc., seek to find in the French Reign of Terror 'an argument in favor of uniting "religion and the State." But the less said about this feature of French history the better for their cause. A corrupt national religion was one of the principal factors in making the Reign of Terror pos-sible. SPEAKING upon "Christian Citizenship" at Washington, D. C., July 8, 1896, Bishop Alexander Walters, D. D., of Jersey City, N. J., said:Š In the olden times the Church and the State were one. Abraham was not only the head of the Hebrew nation, but the head of the Hebrew church. While ' we do not believe in the matter in that particular form, we do believe that every department of our Government should be controlled by the principles of Christianity. This language can mean nothing less than that the Church should dominate the State. "CARDINAL SATOLLI i8 a theologian," says the Western Watchman, of the 15th inst., "and as a theologian cannot subscribe to the doctrine that Protestantism is better than no religion at all. Organized Protestantism is organized hostility to the Church of God. Far better that people should be left to nat-ural religion and that traditional Christianity that has remained to them after the wreck and ruin of the sixteenth century than that travesty on revelation known as Protestant-ism." Weak-kneed Protestants who have been extending the hand to Rome and bid-ding her Godspeed as one branch of the great army of the Redeemer, should paste this in their hats for future reference. THE article on page 348, "How Sunday Laws Oppress the Poor," describes an arrest which illustrates perfectly the oppressive character of such statutes. This poor woman was arrested, not for wronging her neighbors, but for an honest endeavor to keep her sick husband and her helpless children from starvation. She was wronging no one; she was prevent-ing no one from resting or worshiping, but she was violating a "law" designed to guard, not human rights but to prevent the "dese-cration" of a day held to be sacred by those having control of legislation. In common with every other human being this poor woman had an inalienable right to earn an honest living for herself and family; but the State, at the behest of the prevailing  religious sentiment, takes away this right for one day of the week, thus compelling her to pay tribute to the extent of one seventh of her time to a religious institution, and this notwithstanding the seemingly ample consti-tutional guarantees of religious liberty which are the boast of the American people. Again, this woman might have sold cigars, or tobacco in any manufactured form; she might have sold fruit, or candies; she might even have kept a Raines law "hotel" and have served liquors with "meals," and not been subject to arrest; but for selling a bit of cloth she is haled to prison, is detained from her sick husband and little hungry chil-dren all night and a considerable part of the next day, and is released only because a tender-hearted judge disregards an unjust law in the interest of humanity. But let not the reader think for a moment that the injustice is in the circumstances: the injustice is in the law; the circumstances simply compel the recognition of the iniquity in spite of religious prejudice and precon-ceived opinions. The injustice would have been just as great had the peculiar circum-stances been different. All so-called "laws" for the protection of Sunday ought to be abol-ished. It is the business of the State to pro-tect the people, not days. A CORRESPONDENT of The Examiner (Bap-tist of this city) says, in an article published in that paper, October 15:Š When the Ritualist movement started in England, with its robes and posturing and candles and incense, and even the elevation of the consecrated bread while the heads of the people were reverently bowed, it was a mystery to a Baptist how any one could even pre-tend a scriptural warrant for all this. But the Rit-ualist argument was very simple, and very cogent, if you would but grant a single premiseŠ"Whatever the Scripture does not forbid may be done, if it is to edification." The Scripture does not forbid can-dles, incense, etc. We find them to be to edifica-tion. Therefore we may enjoy them. The whole ritualistic superstructure is built on that single pro-position. But as Baptists we do not admit it. We hold that for ordinances and church order we must have an express warrant in the command or example of Christ and his apostles. Will The Examiner or its correspondent cite "an express warrant in the command or example of Christ and his apostles" for sub-stituting Sunday for the original Sabbath? We have no sympathy with Ritualism, but think it about as defensible as the dogma of Sunday sacredness. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Published Weekly by pacific Press Publishing Co. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty Association.  ALLEN MOON. - A. T. JONES. - A. F. BALLENGER. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. ADDRESS, AF1ERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. PRESIDENT, VICE-PRESIDENT, SECRETARY, - - 