758 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. .Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Poet-offiee.) Free Government a Divine Institution. FREE government is a divine institution. It did not originate among men, but is the very government of heaven itself. It came down to earth as a gift from God. The government of God has the appearance of a monarchy; yet it is not a monarchy, as monarchies are understood here. It is in reality "government of the people, by the people, and for the people." Lincoln's famous definition describes no government more per-fectly than the divine government, and only in the divine government is his definition fully realized. The incontrovertible proof of this is seen in the fact that the kingdom of God will include no individual who is not able perfectly to govern himself. Every individual who fails in this respect will be shut out of that kingdom, and solely for that reason. This power of perfect self-government being then a necessary qualification for each individual under the government of God, it can only be that each individual is to exercise this power, and so perfectly to govern himself, in that kingdom. So thoroughly unlike God is everything that is ar-bitrary and despotic,Šso far is he from desiring to be an autocratic ruler over his creaturesŠthat he will tolerate nothing of this character in his universe. He will shut out of it everything that is contrary to free thought, free speech, and free action. "Government of the people, by the people, and for the people" on this earth, is little more than a theory; it has never been realized in the past, and is not to-day. The Republic of the United States is based upon this theory of government; but in it the theory falls very far short of realization. The Republic is permeated with despotism in every part. The trouble is that so few of the people are able to govern themselves. No individual who cannot govern himself is fit to govern other people; and his participation in the government tends rather to infringe the rights and liberties of the people than to preserve them. Every slave of passion or ambition is a natural despot. The purpose of the gospel in the earth is to restore, to all who will receive it, the power of self-government which was lost by the fall in Eden, and thus to prepare subjects for that real "government of the people, by the people, and for the people," which the Creator is ere long to set up. A Revolutionary Procedure. REFERRING further to the scheme for the governŁ mental support of the Catholic Church and the priests and high church dignitaries in Cuba, which is being fas-tened upon the Government of the United States by Car-dinal Gibbons and Archbishop Ireland through President McKinley, it is worth while to consider the principles that are involved according to the views of the men who made this nation. The contest which developed and established the governmental principle of total separation from religion, and from any recognition of it, as finally reflected in the Constitution of the United States, was localized in "A Bill Establishing a Provision for Teachers of the Chris-tian Religion," which was brought before the General Assembly of Virginia in 1777 or 1778. That bill proposed for that State the identical thing that is now being worked upon the national Government Šthe support of the clergy from the public treasury. The men who made this nation as it was made de-clared that that "bill exceeds the functions of civil au-thority;" that "the enforced support of the Christian religion dishonors Christianity;" and that "to compelja person to furnish contributions of money in the propa-gation of opinions which he disbelieves is sinful and tyrannical." These views prevailed throughout the whole country, and the principle was embodied in the national Constitu-tion and the supreme law, in f:the provisions— refusing governmental recognition of religion. And now when President McKinley has "determined that the Catholic churches [in Cuba] shall be kept open and that public worship shall be provided for; and that to this end suffi-cient money will be advanced by this Government to support the Catholic Church: it is perfectly plain thatlin this "determination" he is proceeding directly contrary to the fundamental and constitutional principle of the nation. Again: Of that bill they said that "The same author-ity which can force a citizen to contribute threepence only, of his property, for the support of one establish-ment, may force him to conform to any other establish-ment in all cases whatsoever;" and that "Distant as itŁ  may be in its present form from the Inquisition, it differs from it only in degree. The one is the first step, the other is the last, in the career of intolerance." Now the difference between levying a direct tax for the support of religion, and the appropriation to the support of religion of funds already raised by taxation,.  