338 A 1VITIO Tar co A_N STR1N-rr 1l L a Vol,. 8, No. 43. doing, and there is every evidence that it was organized for no other purpose than to pursue just such a contradictory course. The list of names constituting the mem-bership of this league is a roll of the wealthiest and most influential men in this country. Have these men given the force of their names and influence in total ignorance for what and to what it has been given ? or is it possible that in this matter they are unable to see and compre-hend inconsistencies which in ordinary business and professional questions would have been perceived and avoided before they could have become evident to others ? WM. ALLEN BUTLER, the chairman of the law committee of the league, and who drew up the proposed amendment to the Constitution which the league presents, has advocated that amendment before the judiciary committees of Congress. The same man is pointed out as a lawyer of the greatest legal acumen and highest prestige in the ranks of those who favor and work for religious laws and legisla-tion. That it is with reason that they do this is shown by published documents from his own pen. At the International Sunday Rest Congress held not long ago, in Chicago, he presented the principal paper, a lengthy and learned dissertation upon Sunday laws and in support of such laws and legislation. How does Mr. Butler harmonize the two inconsistent positions which he takes, as chairman of the law committee of "The League for the Preservation of American Institu-tions " asking Congress to pass favorably upon an amendment to the Constitution requiring that no State shall enact any law respecting the establishment of reli-gion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof,Šand at the same time, before an international congress, upholding and ad-vocating, with all the legal astuteness and learning gained by a long life at the bar, the religious laws enacted by the legisla-tures of the different States in continua-tion. of the religious enactments of an English Church and State polity ? How can he harmonize these inconsistencies ? How does the league and the American Sabbath Union reconcile this anomalous course of Mr. Butler ? Has he taken a retainer on both sides of the case ? Or is the cause of the Sabbath Union and 'the league identical ? If so, which is it that is sailing under false colors ? These are pertinent questions for the league, the Sabbath Union, and Mr. Butler. They are especially pertinent when it is asked whether this question which the league has put to delegates and to the press has been asked in good faith or not. In this the league and Mr. Butler are in a sad dilemma; they must either acknowledge bad faith or plead their ignorance of what is religion, and what is religious legisla-tion, and what are religious laws. Does the chairman of the law commit-tee, and the secretary of- the league, and the league itself answer, Yes ! to its own question ? Will it give its influence in this State, and elsewhere, to the correction of legislation which has arisen in viola-tion of the principle of the separation of Church and State ? Will it help to secure the repeal of the law under which sixty-three tailors, of this city, have been held under' bonds of one hundred dollars each to appear before Justice Koch, on Nov. 16, to answer to the charge of having dese-crated Sunday by common labor ? But there is no need for a reply to these ques- tions. The league and its law committee will be known by their deeds. THIS is the league's second question H.ŠAre you in favor of constitutional and legis-lative safeguards for the protection of the Common School system and other American institutions; and are you in favor of the promotion of public instruction in harmony with such institutions, and of preventing the application of public funds or property for the benefit of sectarian instruction, or for schools or institutions under denominational control ? What is intended in this question by the expression "and other American institu-tions," leaves open a broad field for specu-lation. Most people would wish to with-hold a reply to that until the institutions were specified. But, with this exception, there should be but one opinion in regard to this query; all should favor the most perfect protection of our common- school system, and its complete defense from all sectarian, or denominational, or religious interference or bias, and oppose all, appli-cation of public funds to religious pur-poses, either in denominational schools or elsewhere. This would be a necessary re-sult of an affirmative reply to the first question regarding the separation of Church and State. But here again appears another strange inconsistency. It was not many years ago that the chairman of this law commit-tee advocated, before an assembly called in the study of the good Dr. Crosby to discuss the subject of religious education in the public schools, the giving of reli-gious education in these schools at the expense of the State, and did'so with much vigor and fervor. However strange this may be, it is unquestionably true. This league seems unfortunate in its associates. Its principles are evidently of little repute even in the house of its chosen,friends. THE league's third question is this :Š III. ŠAre you in favor of requiring-  in the educa-tion of all the children of the State, elementary in-struction in the fundamental principles of our Government bearing on the rights and duties of citizens, with the proper supervision by the State authorities of all schools, in order to insure these ends? Is this entirely honest ? " Proper pervision by the State authorities of all schools" may mean a great deal, and it may be interpreted to mean far too much. In fact, supervision by the State exercised over private or denominational schools as to th3 studies in their curriculum would destroy their independence immediately, and make them State schools supported by private contribution. This is not the wayŁ to secure the end desired, and that the instruction mentioned is desirable, and indeed necessary, is most certainly true. THE fourth question is brief :Š IV. ŠDo you believe it wise for controverted questions of denominational or ecclesiastical claims to be settled by political majorities? What can be thought. of the wisdom of asking such a question ? Civil politics has nothing to do with such subjects. Political majorities could not by any pos-sibility settle them if they tried. It would certainly then be the part of wisdom to let them alone. THE fifth query is as follows:Š V.ŠAre the words "to all mankind" in Article 1, Sec. 3, State constitution, to be interpreted, as some political leaders claim, as guaranteeing to convicts confined in State institutions for crime, the right of choice as to the form of public reli- gious instruction and worship to be provided for them at the expense of the State ? The supposition is here that religious instruction and worship in State institu-tions is to be provided at the expense of the State. This is inconsistent with an affirmative answer to the first question, and, also inconsistent with the constitu-tional amendment which the league offers. If the principle in that amend-ment, and in the first question submitted, is sound and worthy of acceptance, then the State has nothing to do with the religious instruction and worship of the inmates of its institutions, except to allow them that which they shall choose, or give individual missionary workers rea-sonable access to them; and this, in its full interpretation, is just what the words in question, should be held to mean. THE sixth question is composite:Š VI, ŠDo you believe it was wise for the State to introduce the disturbing factor of controversy as to religious belief into politics ? a. By legislation which forces upon magistrates and police justices the consideration of the religious belief of parents and guardians, in their commit-ment ofjuvenile delinquents ? (Laws of New York, 1878, Chap. 404; Amended, 1879, Chap. 240.) b. By the large grants yearly made from the State, County and City Treasuries to private educa-tional and eleemosynary institutions under secta-rian or ecclesiastical control ? a By legislation which imposes on the courts of the State a duty heretofore unknown, of regulating the character of public religious instruction and worship to be held in institutions which receive grants of public money ? (Laws of New York, 1892, Chap. 896.) This question in itself, as well as in the three different phases into which it is elaborated, is answered by the reply which is given to the first question. Those who advocate the separation of Church and State can have no belief as to the 'ail/wisdom merely of such action as this by the State, but must oppose utterly every such thing from the beginning, as being matters in which the State has no control or authority whatever. THERE are three other questions sub-mitted in regard to institutions for the support of vagrant children and paupers which have no religious bearing, unless it may be that they are intended to elicit replies which can be used to antagonize Roman Catholic institutions of that char-acter, which are supported more or less by public subscription, and also receive mu-nicipal appropriations. This suspicion of insincerity in the last three questions is strengthened by the facts set forth in a table accompanying the letter, showing that the city of New York has appro-priated to such purposes, from its "Excise Fund " during the last ten years $6,173, 258.54, and that, as shown by a compari-son for the month of August 1893, the Roman Catholics have received of this anaountemore. than five times as much as all other denominations put together. There is also with this another table showing the sums appropriated yearly by the city' of New York from " taxation and general fund " for the support of inmates of various charitable institutions; 'six Roman Catholic, four Protestant, three Hebrew, and nineteen undenominational; and that, out of over twelve millions of dollars appropriated to these, in ten years, the Roman Catholic received $5,526,733. 34; the Protestant, $365,467.34; the He-brew $1,106,363.23; the remainder going to undenominational charities. Those who consider what the showing contained in these tables is intended to 