THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 771 POLITICAL IDEALS IN THE SCRIPTURES. AMONG the subjects considered at the New York State Conference of Religion was " Political Ideals of the Bible." A paper was read on this subject by Prof. Nathaniel Schmidt, of Cornell University, and an extemporaneous address delivered by Professor Batten, of New York.Ł In his paper Professor Schmidt set forth quite clearly the political ideals of the Jews, dealing principally with the Messianic thought prominent in the, minds of the Jewish people who expected in the person of the Messiah a political deliverer. Professor Batten said, after introducing his sub-ject: "It may be disappointing to some, but the fact is, there is no political ideal in the New Testament. It is utterly impossible under the circumstances,  that there should be any such ideal." Professor Batten then sketched briefly the con-ditions that existed not only at the time that Christ was upon earth, but for five hundred years prior to that time, and said: " Now it was impossible under such circumstances that there should be any politi-cal ideal." He spoke of the attitude of the political power toward religious systems, and of the change which was brought about with the introduction of Christianity, and of the struggle. which took place in the Roman Empire when it became " Christian." "There seemed to be," he said, " an opportunity of taking on the old form of Jewish theocracy, of uni-ting church and state. There was a great struggle going on. There was an attempt on the part of the great men to build up a political actuality founded upon the New Testament, but they found in the New Testament scriptures no political ideal. Jesus Did Not Appeal to t4  the Powers that Be." "You remember when John the Baptist was apprehended and put in prison, our Lord did not appeal to ' the powers that be.' Then when the news was taken to him some time later that John had been beheaded, Jesus retired into the desert. He shows the same feeling again toward the state when telling the apostles that in carrying on the work committed to them they would suffer persecu-tion, not only at the hands Of their brethren, at the hands of their ' friends,' at the hands of the Jewish church, but above all' at the hands of the Roman state. And he shows from beginning to end the recognition of this condition of things, that the state was a power that was hostile to him, and we  find him finally simply surrendering himself, to that hostile force, and this was done without any great protest." Jesus' Silence Under Bad Government. Continuing, the speaker said: " We must not forget that Jesus lived under a government that was -probably just as bad as any government in , any American city or State. It was a mass of corruption. Now what was Jesus' attitude toward all that? It was that of humble submission. His silence was something extraordinary. You remember when they brought a message to him from Herod; and we understand what was back of it all. The messengers were those very willing people, the Pharisees. They said, You ought to get out of this country because Herod is going to destroy you. Jesus answered with a word that is generally interpreted as being essentially contemptuous, 'Go ye, and fell that fox, Behold, I cast out devils and I do cures to-day and to-morrow, and the third day I shall be perfected.'" The speaker explained that while the Saviour's words were generally understood as being an ex-pression of contempt, they were not necessarily so, as the original.gave rather the idea of cunning: Go, tell that cunning ruler. But however this may be, our Lord would not turn aside from his work be-cause of the opposition of the political power. He had a mission, and it was his duty, a duty from which he would not swerve, to fulfil that mission, and he did not recognize the right of any earthly power to interfere with his work. But neither did he claim the right to use any force or compulsion whatever in carrying forward his own work. This he carried so far as to teach the doctrine of non-resistance. Upon this point Professor Batten said: " On the negative side toward the state there are:  some striking instances, for example, The Doctrine of Non-Resistance that our Lord preached. Some of us do not like it, but it takes a good deal of interpretation to destroy the force of it. There was a time when Jesus seemed to show that he might for a moment depend upon a strong human arm in the time of danger. But whatever may have been his meaning, Jesus had no intention, whatever to influ-ence any man to trade his coat for a' sword. It was evident he was not counting on any such thing, for when one of his disciples misunderstood his mean-ing and started to use the sword, he was promptly 