AUCHIST 1, 106. A1V1.114,11CAN. 245 the fact that this public service is called " the mass," and is said while costumed in certain paraphernalia, has nothing to do with the case. The Protestant Bible and hymn book consti-tute a distinct paraphernalia as certainly as does the absence of these and the presence of the Roman missal and the stole constitute a distinct paraphernalia. The decision of the board to admit Catholic priests as well as Prot-estant preachers will be opposed only by those whose opposition to a union of Church and State is based on passion and prejudice, and not on fundamental principles. Ł FROM A TENNESSEE CHAIN-GANG. [We are permitted to print the following private letters, written by one of the Adventists now serving in the Rhea County chain gang to a friend in Atlanta, Ga., and by him sent to us.] Rhea County Chain-Gang, Spring City, Term., July 20, 7: 30 P. M. D. W. REAVIS, Atlanta, Ga., Dear Brother : I have just received your two good letters of the 18th and 19th inst., with stamps. We also got Review, Signs, Sentinel, Home Missionary, and Sabbath-School Worker. I am certainly willing to keep you posted, to the best of my ability. I always read the letters to the other brethren and ask them to notice if the news given is perfectly correct. I want to get it all just as it is. We are all well and happy in the Lord. Brother Abbott was with us to-day. He came up this morning and went back this evening. Yesterday Mr. Merriman, a reporter from Chattanooga fol. the New ork Recorder, and Mr. Bugler, an artist from Dayton, came up and took our photographs at work at the ap-proaches to the Piney Bridge; also one of the workhouse, and one of our tent. The re-porter took many notes and asked many ques-tions in regard to the trials, etc. You can get the pictures from Mr. Bugler, at Dayton, if you wish them. I got a letter from a photographer at Huntsville, Ohio, sent to the sheriff at Day-ton, then to me. It had Ł been on the way a week. The writer had heard we were in Dayton jail, and said he would like to come and take some good pictures of the jail and court house, etc., also of some of our homes, wives, children, etc. He said if we wrote to him, he would be with us over this Sabbath; so I wrote and told him to come. I mailed the letter yesterday. Mr. Howard (a deputy sheriff) came to us this morning and said he supposed this was the day we did not work. We told him it was. He said we could not work to-morrow (Sunday) or, it would not do for us to work to-morrow. Then at noon he said that our time would not go on to-day. But every day counts in jail to everybody in workhouse or chain-gang, work 'Ur play, except to us. We heard this evening that we would have to pay for our board on the Sabbath, that is, work it out. We do not know for sure that they will do that. But they have said that our time does not go on on the Sabbath. Allen Cathey re-fused to work to-day and they chained him upstairs and gave him bread and water. Our cooks are two negro women and one man, and real criminals. One cut her hus-band's throat and is now in for fighting; the other is in for cutting a negro man with a razor; and the negro man is also in for fight-ing. They are cursing and quarreling at each other and everybody else all the time. It makes us think of, " Behold I send you forth as sheep among wolves." We generally have cold biscuit and syrup for breakfast, and sometimes not enough of that. Sometimes  we have potatoes and cabbage cooked by the above-described cooks. They have hog meat and coffee, but we don't use either. We get enough grease in the other things. Don't think we are com-plaining. I am only trying to give you the facts in the case. God is helping us to stand this splendidly. We all stand the work, though in a hot place, as well as we ever stood any work in our lives. We find that there are some people here who have been keeping the Sabbath, and others are convinced. I have mOre reading and writing than I can do. I am happy, and " my cup runneth over." Pray for us con-tinually, that we may walk right in thTh posi-tion that we occupy as prisoners for Christ. I had one letter from Brother Moon and two from Brother Tait. The barrel of health foods was shipped to us about the 14th. I suppose we will soon get it. The Dayton Republican is read by many of the best people up here, and is truly a sentinel. Your brother in Christ, W. S. B URCHARD. Rhea County Chain-Gang, Spring City, Tenh., July 22, 1895, 6 P. M. W. D. REA VIS, Atlanta, Ga. Dear Brother : We have just come in from work. All are well except Brother Moyers; he' has not been very well since he came here, and he has not worked any yet. I have nothing very important to write this time. The cooks have been fighting to-day. One snatched up a Winchester and snapped at another, but it did not go off. Two more of the prisoners escaped to-day, and there is $5 reward offered for them. To-day has been cooler than usual, and we have stood the work splendidly. We are of the best of courage in the Lord; the blessings of God are truly with us. I have heard the brethren rejoicing many times to-day in the truth. We are standing everything splendidly. Yesterday (Sunday) was a good day with us; many visitors came to see us and talk with us about the truth. Some of the best people here are convinced of the truth and are al-most ready to keep the Sabbath. Brethren Terry, Kerr and Plumb went to the colored church last night, and they invited Brother Terry to take charge of the meeting, and he did so. Brother Terry says to tell you that the colored people here are very anxious to hear preaching. Your brother in Christ, W. S. BITRCHARD. SPEECH OF EX-CONGRESSMAN SNODGRASS. As previously stated in these columns, ex-Congressman Snodgrass, at the recent trial of the Adventists, in Dayton, Tenn., ad-dressed the jury by permission of the prose-cuting attorney. We have secured a report of the speech of Mr. Snodgrass, and insert' it here These are cases of considerable interest, not only to the unfortunate people who persist in the constant violation of the law, but it is a matter of great mo-ment to all the people, not only in Rhea County, but the whole State of Tennessee. Now, so far as I am personally concerned, no man is in favor of larger liberty than I am, both religious and personal. I believe that this law under which these people, are being prosecuted is bad policy, and is wrong; that is my personal notion about the law. I also believe, notwithstanding the Supreme Court of the State has passed upon the act in question and held it to be constitutional, that it 'is uncon-stitutional and an infringement of the Bill of Rights. In the Bill of Rights every American citizen is guaranteed the right to worship God  according to his own conscience. No man can force him to keep up a religious denomination. No man, in my judgment, under that law, is compelled to keep any special day. Whatever his conscience dictates, my personal judgment is, under the organic law of the land, he has a right to that so far as the working upon Sunday or Saturday is concerned. The court is not to make a law, nor to repeal a law, but to enforce a law. It is not the province of the court, nor is it the province of the jury, to say whether a law is a bad law or a good one. The only duty you have to perform when you take your seat in the jury-box, is to render a verdict according to the evidence produced in the case. I tell you it is a bad law. My .sympathies go out to all these misguided people. They are no doubt honest in their convictions, but I want to refer them to an-other injunction on that pointŠto the injunction in which they are commanded to obey the " powers that be" and be subject to the law. The court, or some other power, ought to issue a letter of amnesty and turn all these people loose, and notify the grand jury that they should not again be prose-cuted under this law. I say this law ought to be repealed, but until it is repealed it is the duty of every Christian manŠit is the duty of every law-abiding citizen that loves the lawŠit is his duty to abide by the law and to take such steps that will insure its repeal. That is the ac-tion that ought to be taken. Now, if your honor please, I kriow it is a difficult matter to enforce a law where public sentiment is against it. If men were imprisoned, or sent to the workhouse, and allowed the ordinary privileges of a citizen; if they can go to and from the jail at will, there is in fact very little punishment inflicted. So it is not the amount of punishment, in my judgment, that forces people to respect the law and to obey it, but it is the certainty of that punishment. It is the certainty with which the judgment is carried out. Now I know that there is a great deal of sympathy for these people. Many of them believe that they are obliged to work on Sunday. It has been contended before this court that it takes all the six days to make a living. ' I am not here to say that this does not work a hard-ship. As a matter of dollars and cents, a man had better work even five days and lose one day rather than pay the fine and penalty for a violation of the law. So there is no theory upon which this can be put, unless a man is controlled by wild fanat icism. We are not commanded and enforced. by God to work every other day. so  no man need be stirred on that questibn. And until the law is repealed, they would only lose one day. And if they are so indus-trious, why not work a little later at night and a little earlier in the morning to make up the time of the odd day ? ,- The violation of this law simply gets up a spirit of antagonism. And as long as it stands, they have a cudgel to strike you-  with, and the more you probe a man, the more inclined he is to show some kind of resentment. I am afraid, on both sides, this thing has been carried too far. It would have been far better if the people would have overlooked the work on Sunday, and all joined in the repeal of the law. But I want to say to this people; that I am afraid you are doing worse in violating this law; you are getting up more vexation, more spite, and it is far more in-jurious to you than the day that you would lose. And so far as I am concerned, they are good citizens; I am satisfied that they are good ChristiansŠdo all they can to serve God, and I honor them for it, and I would be glad, may it please your honor, if every one of these prosecutions should be dismissed. So long as they get up here and confess that they have violated the law; that they believe that Saturday Ł Ł is the day, and that they must work on Sunday in order to support their families, there is nothing left for you, gentlemen of the jury, except to return a verdict of guilty. Here you are to pass upon the facts and the law, and all you can do is to convict them. Mr. Snodgrass is evidently strongly opposed to the condition of things which makes the prosecution of Seventh-day Adventists possi-ble, and all of these persecuted people and their friends will be pleased with the ex-con-gressman's sympathy for them and his com-plimentary words regarding their character as citizens and Christians; but they cannot follow his well-meant advice. The matter is not one of dollars and cents. It is true that it is a hardship for a poor man to be deprived of one-sixth of his time in which to make a living, but this is not the motive for violating the judicial Sunday legislation of Tennessee. The persecuted men in their defense, have some-times mentioned the fact that they needed the six working days in which to labor for the support of their families, but this was referred 