312 VoL. 8. No. 39. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 5, 1893. 112Ww' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked" Sample Copy." Itis our invert able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL, need have no fears that they -will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. AUGUST 24, ground was broken in Golden Gate Park, San Francisco, for the California Mid-Winter Fair. The Sun-day closing fight was begun weeks before. Ł SUNDAY, September 24, was a wet day in Chicago, and the attendance at the Fair was only 36,106. As usual there was nothing to see but the grounds, the out-side of the buildings, the Art Gallery and the Midway. IT is stated that Charles W. Clingman, the man who compelled the Sunday open-ing of the World's Fair, " was for twenty years a member of the First Presbyterian Church in Chicago, and during that time was a member of the Bible class, and librarian of the Sunday school." THE Christian Advocate thinks that the cause of Sunday observance has derived about the same profit from the opening of the World's Fair " as the cause of temper-ance derives advantage from the shame-less conduct of a drunken woman or the yells of a crew of bacchanalians." Just how this is we cannot say, but it is cer-tain that the Sunday cause has also re-ceived great damage from the agitation in regard to the Fair, for never before in the history of the world have people so very generally had brought to their attention the fact that Sunday is not the Sabbath, and that there is no divine command for its observance. The agitation has cer-tainly done much for the cause of truth. THE Rev. Patrick J. Dillon, D.D., of the diocese of Peoria, Ill., delivered a lecture Sunday night, September 24, at the Carmelite Church in East Twenty-ninth street, this city. His subject was " The Church and Liberty." He said : " The name of liberty is often mistaken for its substance and is made the excuse for cruelty and despotism. Liberty in its fullest sense appertains only to God. Lib-erty, therefore, so far as it relates to the human mind, means freedom from all control except the control of God." Civil and political liberty, Dr. Dillon declared, had been fostered by the Catholic Church in every age. The Doctor is quite right in his defini-tion of true liberty, but not as he meant it. With the Romanist, the Pope is the vicar of Christ and stands to men in the place of God, " so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God," With the papists " free- dom from all control except the control of God" means freedom from all control ex-cept the control of the Pope. Popish plat-itudes about religious liberty mean no more no less than Cardinal Gibbons' defi-nition of such liberty; he said it was " liberty to worship God according to the dictates of a right conscience." " The church," that is Rome, always reserves the right to define " a right conscience." The whole papal theory is opposed to lib-erty in either civil or religious things. A FEW weeks ago the Catholic Review made this suggestion :Š If every subscriber to a Catholic paper, would, after reading it, send it regularly to a Protestant neighbor, what an immense influence might be brought to bear to make America Catholic. This the Ave Maria commends as a practical suggestion, as indeed it is. Protestants who are such only in name have no security against the wiles of Rome. An earnest, intelligent propa-ganda among them by Catholics could not fail to result in the conversion of many to Romanism. Few comparatively are armed against the sophistries of Catholicism by a thorough acquaintance with the princi-ples of Protestantism. THE approaching trial of another Ad-ventist in Kent County, Md., for Sunday work, has revived interest in this subject in that particular part of the country; and somehow it has leaked out that previous to the first case of the kind in that county (that of Mr. Judefind), some months ago, the prosecuting attorney of the county was appealed to by certain ladies, jealous for Sunday sacredness. The attorney de-murred to taking the initiative, when one of the ladies exclaimed : " But you must do something; we've seen them carrying water from the pump on Sunday." But the attorney was obdurate, and nothing was done until the Methodist preacher came to the rescue and secured the arrest of Mr. Judefind. THE Catholic Mirror published a state-ment some weeks ago to the effect that a certain man in the South, namely, Colonel Jessie Sparks, of Murfreesboro, Tenn., was appointed to a Mexican consulship be-cause during Mr. Cleveland's former term in the White House, " the gallant old Confederate officer" sent the President a present of "a couple of fat, juicy, Tennessee opossums, which Grover seemed to heart-ily relish." We remarked at the time that if this were not a slander on the President it certainly was on the Nation. Now a more serious charge is publicly made by the World, of this city, namely, that the gentleman recently named for the Italian mission was appointed in consideration of $50,000 contributed to the campaign fund at the last presidential election. We trust that neither of these charges is true. The first, if true, might indicate simply a "soft spot" in the make up of our Chief  Magistrate; the second would show a de-cay in our political life but little short of that which marked the last days of Rome, when the highest offices went to the high-est bidders, and even the royal dignity was bartered and sold in the most shame-less fashion. THE Catholics never tire of boasting of how they established religious liberty in Maryland. The fact is that they had to do it in order to secure liberty for them-selves. England was at that time Episco-pal, not Papal; and in providing for lib-erty of conscience in Maryland, the second Lord Baltimore, himself a Papist, simply secured the colony against the otherwise probable establishment of the Church of England, or of Presbyterianism. Indeed the greater part of the Maryland colonists were Presbyterians, and not Papists; and as Presbyterianism was at that time striv-ing for political ascendancy in England, and was already the established religion of Scotland, a guarantee of religious lib-erty was on the part of Lord Baltimore only a measure of self-defense. A CHICAGO dispatch of the 17th inst. opens with this items of news:Š The usual small Sunday crowd was at the World's Fair to-day, there being no attractions outside of the Art Building and the Midway Plaisance. The dispatch contains thirty-six lines, all told, and closes with this bit of infor-mation :Š The World's Fair paid admissions to-day were 40,654. The " usual small Sunday crowd " has steadily increased week by week from (in round numbers) 12,000 to 40,000, and this " with no attractions outside the Art Building and the Midway Plaisance." This the Christian Statesman calls "prac-tical Sunday-closing." August 27, the " usual small Sunday crowd " numbered less than 21,000; September 10, it had in-creased to over 34,000; a week later it was over 40,000. HAVE you read No. 43 of the Sentinel Library, " Should Church Property be Taxed ? " This tract is by a Baptist minis-ter, and answers the question in the affirm-ative. The subject is, of course, treated from a strictly Christian standpoint. There is nothing better on the subject. Everybody ought to read and circulate this tract. Pacific Press; price, 2 cents. ONE of the very best numbers of the Religious Liberty Library yet issued is No. 14, " Christ and the Sabbath." Every-body should read and circulate it. 37 pages; price 5 cents. It can be ordered of this office. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Bet for the defense of liberty of conscience, and theref ore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per,  'year, - - 90c 44 25 to 99 44 66 46 46  80c  it 100 to 249 " " " 46 .. - The 46 250 to 499 " " " 44 Ł - ..70e 44 500 to 999 " " " 66 44 - 65c 1000 or more " " " " - - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York MY. 