142 TTŠTV AIVIETZTCAN RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by.  Jesus Christ. We believe.in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-tingg to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. ' - We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religions legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. Its Mission. THE mission of the Religious Liberty Association is to present to the world, the principles of civil and religious liberty as taught by Christ. Those who do that acceptably, must be animated by his spirit. The following from the pen of A. F. Bal-lenger, Ass't Secretary of the Association, in the February Home Missionary, is worthy of the thoughtful attention of ev-ery solicitor, colporter, writer and lect-urer of the Association. It must be borne in mind that the work of the National Religious Liberty Association is a labor of love. It is a missionary work, and those engaged in it should be actuated by the same spirit which impelled the great Missionary to give its principles to the world eighteen hundred years ago. Agitators of political principles expect to be victorious, and as a result of their labors, receive worldly positions of honor and profit. Not so with. us; our victory, though sure, will not be celebrated until those who have "gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, having the harps of God." With the result of the work reaching into eternity, how careful we should be not to wound the feelings of those for whom we work, by harsh and unkind expressions. The most of those engaged in securing religious legislation are honest, and should be so regarded. This is proved from the fact that many who have signed the petition favoring re-ligious legislation, have, when the matter was clearly and kindly, presented to them, signed the counter-petition, and worked in. its favor. These cases are not confined to the less intelligent, but ministers and members of the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union are among them. The president of the Association recently stated the truth, when he said, " Were it not for the special light received, many of us'  would be on the side of error in this con-flict." Workers will meet, at times, with bit-ter opposition, but instead of being harsh or becoming discouraged, " consider Him that endured such contradiction of sinners against himself, lest ye be wearied and faint in your minds." W. H. M. THE case of R. M. King, in which he was fined seventy-five dollars for Sunday labor, by Judge Swiggart, in the —Circuit Court of Obion County, Tennessee, and appealed to the Supreme Court, will be argued on appeal during the present term of court. The case will be reached some time in May. The similar case against L. A. Callicott in the Circuit Court of Dyer County, has been continued to await the action of the Supreme Court, in the appealed case of Mr. King. C. MCREYNOLDS, State Secretary for Kansas, sends an interesting account of his work in that State. He finds it pos-sible to accomplish more in the towns and villages, than in the large cities. The inhabitants of the cities are so preoccupied with business and pleasure, that it is more difficult to gain their attention upon ab-stract subjects. In regard to the method to be followed in the lecture field, Secretary McReynolds says : " I would go only as fast as I could secure others to continue the work of circulating the petitions, and also, when it is possible, enlist one or more in hand-ling the tracts, SENTINELS, and pam-phlets." Ł THE Nevada Tribune, of March 20, published at Carson City, Nevada, con-tains an account of a mass-meeting held in the opera house of that city on the evening of March 19. The Tribune says :Š There was an enthusiastic meeting at the Carson Opera House last evening, and it was clearly shown that the sentiment of the people of ..the capital of Nevada, was practically unanimous, against the passage of the proposed Blair Sunday- rest bill, as well as intended legislation leading to the establish-ment of religion in the public schools of the land. Resolutions were adopted, condemning the measures of religious legislation, in-volved in the Blair Sunday-rest bill, the Breckinridge Sunday bill for the District of Columbia, and the Blair amendments to the Constitution to provide for' the teaching of the principles of religion in the schools. -Ł THE Daily Imprint, of Petaluma,-Cali-fornia, appropriately remarks :Š Senator Blair has re-introduced his bill providing for a National Sabbath. Senator Blair has fathered many objec7  tionable measures in his day and genera-tion, and this is probably the least mer-itorious. It is contrary to the very genius and spirit of our institutions. If the generality of mankind cannot agree by  unanimous consent upon the observance of a certain day, no attempt should be made to legislate them into the observance of any day. Its Character. THE Arkansas Democrat publishes a sermon delivered by Rev. Thos. M. C. Bir-mingham, in Argenta, Arkansas, in which the reverend gentleman takes up in course, and advocates, the different measures championed by the National Reform As-sociation. When he reached the Sunday question, he acknowledged unblushingly his active furtheranc'e of the iniquitous measure which the Legislature of Arkan-sas was asked to pass at its last session, and with which it might have tarnished its statute books, had not the earnest oppo-sition of the National Religious Liberty Association led the members of the House to realize the character of the legislation which was being asked 'of them. Mr. Birmingham says : " The Arkansas Conference requested that I present a re-monstrance to the Legislature of this State, on the need and benefit of Sabbath laws, and the present lack of efficient ones on our statute books, and I did so, at its last session. . . . However, while urging this, also pleading with the General Assembly, the greater reason of man's moral need of the day, and that his hope of immortality might be clear and luminous, I doubt if there were over a dozen members of the lower house of the last Legislature that had anything like clear views of the im-portance of the Sabbath, to the welfare of society. And when a very weak Sabbath bill passed the Senate (and it was so weak that it was hardly worth having) it was killed in the House. And this was done by men who were there, not as individuals but as representatives of every voter and elector in this commonwealth." While an unqualified Sunday law ap-peared in the statutes of Arkansas, the State made itself an unenviable notoriety for its legalized crimes of religious persecu-tion, directed against a class of people who kept the seventh day, and who were, as their persecutors have themselves de-clared, good citizens. An exemption clause was inserted in the law, for the benefit of this class; but at the last session of the Legislature a de-termined attempt was made to strike it out, and re-establish the wholesale perse-dution for conscience sake, which had been previously enacted. Those who pre-sented the measure did not hesitate to avow that the purpose of the bill was to cause the seventh-day keepers of a certain district, to yield their conscientious con-victions, or leave the State. This is the character of the legislation on which the, Arkansas Methodist Episco-pal Conference' requested one of its minis-ters to advocate before the Legislature of its State. C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. McKEE, President. Secretary. 