14 Tan Alva,-.RIcAN sENTINE'L. the American Sabbath Union admit the extension of its principle over all days of the week, and stop work altogether ? Con-cede to the Legislature the power to stop men from honest toil, and who will limit the power ? But the Union's organ cites the fact that the " precedents are manifold." I submit that "precedents are manifold" for all manner of. usurpations and tyrannies by legislative bodies. Precedents do not make right. There' are precedents for every crime in the calendar of crime. There are precedents for the rack, and the thumb-screws, and the dungeon, and the stake, and the Inquisition, to make men religious according to the law, but that does not make such methods right, nor does it make right a principle which, per-sistently followed up, would necessarily lead to such methods. The Union further asserts that, " The Legislature in most every State prescribes the hours of work, declaring that eight, nine, or ten hours shall be a legal day's work. This has never been questioned in law, yet it is upon the same principle that the Sunday law is enacted." There is no parallel whatever between Sunday laws and the laws specifying how many hours shall constitute a day's work. There is not a law in any State which pre-scribes what particular hours of the day shall constitute a day's work. There is no law that prohibits adult persons from working more hours than are prescribed as a legal day's work. If the legal day's work be eight hours, there is no law which prevents an adult person from working two such,days every twenty-four hours, if the proprietor of the work be willing. Even where the laws prescribe a certain number of hours in the twenty-four for children to labor, they do not specify what particular hours they shall labor. Another so-called reason is : " The ob-ject is to afford rest to those who need it, and who otherwise could not obtain it." Then 'why not confine it to those who need to rest and who cannot otherwise obtain it ? There are plenty of men who rest half of the time' or more. They do not need a law to compel them to rest. There are thousands of others who need to work on that day; they do not have regular work on other days, and are glad to get work at any time to support themselves and familieS. Why compel them to rest when they have a much greater need for work ? The Union says, " To protect labor is one of the highest offices of the law." But the Sunday law is especially and entirely directed to prevent laborŠto compel men to be idle. The Union says, " The Sunday law treats of business mattersŠnot relig-ious duties." But if we get such a law as is proposed by the American Sabbath Union for California, it will treat of relig-ious duties; for it makes an exemption for such' as religiously observe another day  as a day of rest. It does not propose to make Sunday observers religious, but it does propose that those who observe any other day shall be religious. Why ? Because, it says, they are the minority, and must do as the majority says. The man who is in the majority may make his rest-day a day of divine worship " if he chooses." The man in the minority must be religious on his rest-day whether he chooses or not. Such are "a few of the many incongruities connected with the Sunday-law proposi-tion.ŠSigns of the Times. Untaxed Church Property. BUT few of our citizens realize what a marked distinction exists between this and most of the other States of the Union in the matter of exempting church prop-erty from taxation. In California real estate held by a re-ligious society is assessed and taxed the same as other real estate, no difference being made between that and private property, which is as it should beŠex-emption from taxation being an indirect subsidy and so far a support of the Church by the State. Now, take the State of Il-linois and contrast the condition of things there in this respect. In the city of Chi-cago alone nearly two thousand lots (1,991) are held by Catholic and Protestant churches. A moderate estimate of the value of which is over $2,000,000. All of this property is entirely exempt from tax-ation by the laws of Illinois, though much of it is not used for cliurch purposes, but is either unimproved or occupied by ten-ants who pay a rental. Although the Protestants are in the majority; the Cath-olics have one thousand one hundred and eight lots to the Protestants eight hundred and 'sixty-six. St. Columbkill Sisters of Charity have sixty-eight lots, and the Jesuit Church of the Holy Family eighty. When it is remembered that the value of these mostly unoccupied lots is increasing rapidly, and that the " unearned incre-ment " will make the societies that own them enormously wealthy in process of time, the gross injustice of the whole thing can be properly estimated. It is a matter of satisfaction to observe that the public press in Chicago, which is the conservator of religious liberty and equal rights, is waking up to the impor-tance of the matter, and calling for such a change as has taken place in California. That the repeal of the law in this State exempting church,  property from taxation has not worked to the injury of the churches is evident, as their prosperity has been far greater since, than before.ŠOakland (Cal.), Daily Times. IF a man is faithful to truth, truth will be faithful to him. He:need have no fears. His success is a question of time.ŠProfes-sor Phelps. Who Gets Chased? IN his late meetings in Rome, New York, Mr. Crafts made three statements as follows, that I would like the readers of THE SENTINEL to compare :- 1. He said that brave, God-fearing men, Ł who stand for the right regardless of consequences, are a power. One such man would chase a thousand of cringing slaves. 2. Again, he said that there are twenty- six thousand Adventists, and twenty-six millions of his party. This would make one to a thousand. 3. Again, he said his people could not,  stand before the Seventh-day Adventists in an argument on the Sunday question; that the Adventists could, and usually did, completely rout them in less than five minutes. Now let us condense the three state- ments. 1. A brave, God-fearing man will chase a thousand. 2. There is one Adventist to one thou- sand Sunday Union men. 3. The Adventists completely rout the Crafts party in less than five minutes. QUESTION.ŠWho are the " God-fearing men"? JOHN R. CALKINS.  Ł sŁ-Ł  REV. W. F. CRAFTS urges the friends of Sunday laws all over the Nation to write to their respective Congressmen urging immediate action upon the Sunday bills now pending. He says :Š Let writing to Congressmen, about pending legisla, tion become the people's habit. That is the way to make "Government of the people, by the people, and for the people " something more than a pretty say-ing. Legislators tell me that they seldom get any letters that are not selfishŠif not applications for office, at least for seeds. A letter that urges atten-tion to a great moral question from philanthropic motives is "as rare as a day in June," that is, there are only about thirty such in a Congressman's big mail in a year. They are, therefore, influential, though badly written. Such lettere; have been quoted in the Senate as evidence of the working-men's interest in pending bills. The Sunday-rest bills for the Capital and for all under the jurisdic-tion of Congress;  would doubtless become a law during this Congress, and the pending temperance bills if every one who believes in them would at once write to his two Senators and his Congress-man, the stockholders in the national corporation, thus informing the directors of their wishes. This shows that no stone is to be left unturned to secure the legislation demanded in the interests of Sunday sacredness. Ł Ł-.3, Ł  IT is stated that a number of prominent Germans refuse to pay their subscriptions to the World's Fair fund until such time as they are given positive information as to whether the Exposition is to be closed on Sunday or not. It is not strange that the Germans take such action, but in view of the anti-foreign feeling which is developing so rapidly in this country,- it is very likely to give impetus to the Sunday-closing movement rather than the con- trary.' 