YQ THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. mercy and humanity excepted; nor shall any person engage in any play, game, or amusement, or recre-ation to the disturbance of others on the first day of the week, commonly known as Sunday, or during any part thereof, in any Territory, district, vessel, or place subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States ; nor shall it be lawful for any person or corporation to receive pay for labor or service performed or rendered in violation of this section." That declares that no person within the jurisdiction of the United States, shall per-form or authorize to be performed, any sec-ular work, labor or business to the disturb-ance of others upon the first day of the week. Now secular means, " pertaining to this present world, or to things not spirit-ual or holy ; relating to things not immedi-ately or primarily respecting the soul but the body; worldly." Therefore this bill proposes to prohibit all persons within the jurisdiction of the United States from per-forming or authorizing to be performed on Sunday any work, labor, or business pertaining to this" present world or to things not spiritual or holy. It proposes to prohibit them from performing any work, labor, or business relating immedi-ately or primarily to the body, (works of necessity, mercy, and humanity ex-cepted) ; to prohibit them from doing any-thing worldly,- that is, pertaining to this world or' to this life. - Consequently, the only kind of works that can properly be done on Sunday under that bill are works that pertain to another world, works that pertain to things spiritual or holy, works respecting the soul, and the life to come. Now we should like for some of these Sunday-law folks to tell us how the Con-gress of the United States is going to find out, so as authoritatively to state, what work, labor, or business it is that properly pertains to another world, on Sunday or at any other time. More than this, we should like for them to tell us how Congress is to find out whether there is any other world than this, and espe-cially how it is to find this out and make it to be so clearly discerned that the rec-ognition of it can be enforced by law upon all the people ? We should like, also, for some of these to tell how Congress is to discover what work it is that properly pertains to the People's souls on Sunday ; or indeed, whether the people have any souls ? How is Congress to know whether there is a life to come ? And if Congress shall discover all this to its own satisfac-tion, then will Congress insure to all the people a happy issue in that life to come, upon condition that they will observe the Sunday laws ? These are not captious questions, they are entirely pertinent. For when it is proposed that this nation by legislative acts shall commit itself to the guardian-ship of the affairs of the world to come, of men's souls, and of another life;' and when the people are asked to consent to it; it is strictly proper for the people to. inquire,  How shall the State make that thing a success ? The truth is, that the State can never have anything to °do with the world to come or with the question as to whether there is one to come at all. The State can never have anything to do with men's souls or with the question as to whether men have any souls. The State can never have anything to do with the life to come or with the question as to whether there is any life to come. No State will ever reach the world to come nor will any State ever, in the least degree, be partaker of the life that is to come. The State is of this world wholly, it has to do only with the affairs of this world, and with men as they are in this world. The State has to do only with men's bodies, and to see that the lives which men lead are civil. Nor do we raise these questions because we doubt that there is another world or that there is a life to come. We are fully per-suaded that there is both another world and a life to come. But the discerning of this is a matter of faith, and that on the part of each individual for himself alone. No-body on this earth can discern or decide this for anybody else. We thoroughly believe that there is both another world and a life to come, and anybody in this world has an equal right not to believe it if he chooses so to do. We have the right to believe this without the sanction of the government; and any other man has a right not to believe it, and that without any interference by the government. We deny the right of any of the Senators/ or Representatives in Congress to decide any of these matters for anybody but himself. SEC. 2. "That no mails or mail matter shall hereafter be transported in time of peace over any land postal-route, nor shall any mail `matter be collected, as-sorted, handled, or delivered during any part of the first day of the week : Provided, That whenever any letter shall relate to a work of necessity or mercy, or shall concern the health, life, or decease of any person, and the fact shall be plainly stated upon the face of the envelope containing the same, the Post-master-General shall provide for the transportation of such letter or letters in packages separate from other mail matter and shall make regulations for the delivery thereof, the same having been received at its place of destination before the said first day of the week, during such limited portion of the day as shall best suit the public convenience and least in-terfere with the due observance of the day as one of worship and rest : And provided further, That when there shall have been an interruption in the due and regular transmission of the mails it shall be lawful to so far examine the same when delivered as to ascertain if there be such matter therein for lawful delivery on the first day of the week." Upon this, under its first proviso, we would ask : How many letters would be stopped on Sunday after the thing got into good working order ? Under this same proviso there is another clause that is of more serious moment, especially to those who observe Sunday. That is the clause which refers to "the due observt.nce of the day as one of worship and rest." Are the people who believe in keeping Sunday  ready to have the government regulate their observance of that day ? Are they ready to have the State assume the pre-rogative of deciding what is the due ob-servance of that day as a day of worship and rest ? This is what they do when they consent to the enactment of such a law as the Blair Sunday Bill is. Every man who believes in keeping Sunday, when he con-sents to this bill, resigns his religious lib-erty. He resigns his right to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science and yields to the government the right to dictate how he shall observe that Ł day as a day of worship. The fact is, that in this thing the people who desire to keep Sunday and who believe that it should be religiously observed, have more at stake than any other people, and it is a mystery that they cannot see this. It is a mystery that the leaders in the movement cannot see that they are deliberately robbing them-selves of the dearest rights known to man. The mystery is solved, however, by the fact that the lust for power has blinded them to the consideration, not only of the rights of other people, but of their own rights. It is in behalf of the rights of those who believe in keeping Sunday and of worshiping according to the dictates of their own consciences, no less than in be-half of the rights of all other people, that the SENTINEL carries on its uncompromis, ing opposition to all manner of govern-mental sanction or . interference in the matter of Sabbath observance. State regulation of the religious observ-*  ante or worship, of the day, is the inevit-able outcome of the legislation that is proposed, yet it is not intended by the managers of this movement that the State shall do this of itself. They intend that the church shall assume the supremacy and dictate the action and wield the power of the State. Thus a union of church and State, the rule of the despotic tyranny of a heirarchy will be the inevitable outcome of this legislation. It cannot be escaped when once the legislation is begun. SEC. 3. "That the prosecution of commerce between the States and with the Indian tribes, the same not being work of necessity, mercy, or humanity, by the transportation of persons or property by land or water in such way as to interfere with or disturb the people in the enjoyment of the first day of the week, or any portion thereof, as a day of rest from labor, the same not being labor of necessity, mercy, or humanity, or its observance as a day of religious worship, is hereby prohibited, and any person or corporation, or the agent, servant, or employee of any person or corporation who shall willfully violate this section shall be punished by a fine of not less than ten nor more than one thbusand dollars, and no service performed in the prosecution of such pro-hibited commerce shall be lawful, nor shall any compensation be recoverable or be paid for the same." With such a penalty upon the exercise of honest occupations and such a premium upon idleness,- the government ought to be able soon to create enough evil to ruin it-self, which it surely will if the thing shonla be carried into all the States, 