.232 AIVIRRICA.MT  ¢ICI Lo VOL 9, No. 29: NEW YORK, JULY 19, 1894. Qom" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. READ " More Religious Persecution in Tennessee," on page 230 of this paper. A SPIRIT of unrest is upon the people; distrust whispers to every man; stagna-tion has seized business; want stalks abroad in the land, and on every hand is heard the question : " What will the end be ? " JULY 12, the Orangemen were not per-mitted to parade in Brooklyn. The reason for this action was, of course, that a dis-turbance might be occasioned. That is, an Orange parade is very annoying to the feelings of Irish Catholics. THE hoarded millions of the rich on the one, hand and the groans of oppressed labor on the other, speak in thunder tones of the soon coming of the Just One. If you want to know how this is, read the first page article in this paper. ELDER S. B. HORTON, the Seventh-day Adventist minister, warned to leave Church Hill, Md., by some of his law-abiding(?) neighbors, is still there, and has thus far suffered no violence from the would-be regulators of the religion of the neighbor-hood. LET no reader of the SENTINEL forget for a moment that in the State of Tennessee a man is languishing in prison for no other crime than doing ordinary farm labor on Sunday, on his own place; or rather we should say, for no other crime than observing the Sabbath of the Lord, and disregarding the Sunday of the papacy. THE Bugle Horn, "for prohibition and equal suffrage," published at Salamanca, this State, says :Š If a person were to read the AMERICAN SENTINEL, he would be led to conclude that there was only one commandment, and that for the observance of the Sabbath. . . . Are there not other things in the Decalogue ? Where are the nine ? By what right does the SENTINEL select one, as above the rest ? This is too bad ! but we can scarcely blame the editor of the Bugle Horn, for he has only judged us by himself. Evi-dently he has forgotten, at least one of the commandments. Without doubt he has overlooked the commandment which says, ' " Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor." Will our contemporary please bear in mind that there are ten commandments ?  and that " whosoever shall keep the whole law and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all" ? It is just as wicked to lie as it is to steal. We have never intended to be partial in the law, but have espe-cially emphasized the fourth command-ment because it is specially disregarded. Does not the editor of the Bugle Horn conduct a prohibition paper for a similar reason ?Š Certainly. Why then does he " darken counsel without knowledge " ? JULY 9, Mr. Weadock (Dem., Mich.) introduced in the House a bill amending the statutes relative to second-class mail matter so as to read as follows :Š Mailable matter of the second class shall embrace all matter exclusively in print and regularly issued at stated periods from a known office of publication without addition by writing, mark, or sign. Any newspaper of the second class which advises, abets, or suggests the commission of any offense against any law of the United States, or any State, or Territory, or any country with which the United States are at peace, shall be excluded from the mails. This is a very far-reaching provision. There are times when disobedience to law becomes a sacred duty. Who now believes that the infamous Fugitive Slave Law ever ought to have been obeyed ? Many people disobeyed it as a matter of con-science, and many papers counselled diso- bedience. Similar cases may arise in the future. Notwithstanding the ordinance of civil government, God is still the great moral Governor; to him every soul is responsi-ble; to him every free moral agent must give account. There never can be any conflict between a legitimate exercise of civil authority and the claims of the di-vine law. And yet the fact remains that there have been many and serious con-flicts. Civil governments have frequently required of their subjects that which the divine law forbids, and have forbidden that which the divine law requires. What then shall the Christian citizen do in case the civil law requires that which the law of God forbids ? His invariable answer to all such demands must be, " We ought to obey God rather than men." Nor is this the expression of religious fanaticism. The principle thus stated is known and recognized by the best and most enlightened thinkers everywhere. In his work on moral philosophy, Presi-dent Fairchild says :Š It is too obvious to need discussion, that the law of God, the great principle of benevolence, is supreme, and that, "we ought to obey God rather than men," in any case of conflict between human law and the divine. There are cases so clear that no one can ques-tion the duty to refuse obedience. In all times and in all lands such cases have arisen. In a case of this kind, either of two courses is possible;  to disobey the law, and resist the government in its attempt to exe-cute it, or to disobey and quietly suffer the penalty. The first is revolutionary, and can be justified only when the case is flagrant and affects such numbers that a revolutionary movement will be sustained. . . The seconn. course will, in general, commend itself to considerate and conscientious men. It is a testimony  against the law as unrighteous, and, at the same time, a recognition of government as a grave interest. Apply this principle to the Sunday laws of several of the States. These laws re-quire all to observe Sunday. With some to do this is as veritably to render an act of homage to a heathen deity as it would have been for the three Hebrew worthies to have fallen down before the great image set up in Babylon. To obey is to sacrifice conscience. Suppose that some paper in such a case publishes this extract from President Fairchild's book, what then ? Under this proposed amendment to the postal laws such a paper could be excluded from the mails, and even the book itself could be regarded only as incendiary mat-ter, dangerous to the welfare of the State. Is not the amendment too sweeping in its terms ? The times are evil, but they demand no such drastic and dangerous measure. THE Christian Advocate of this city says of the second coming of Christ :Š There is not a vestige of evidence that goes to show that He will appear in a thousand years from now, Not even the angels in heaven know when He will come. But these words are themselves an evi-dence that the event is near. Says the scripture: " There shall come in the last days scoffers, . . . saying, Where is the promise of his coming ? for since the fathers fell asleep all things continue as they were from the beginning of the crea-tion." 2 Peter 3: 3, 4. The Advocate confesses total ignorance of the coming of that day, but the Word of God says that sudden destruction shall come upon those who say, " Peace and safety," and adds, "But ye, brethren, are not in darkness, that that day should overtake you as a thief." 1 Thess. 5: 3, 4. Those who know nothing about it will be destroyed because they don't want to know and willfully turn Amy from the truth. The Lord says of the signs of the second coming of Christ: " Now learn a parable of the fig tree: When hig branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh. So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors. Verily I say unto you, this generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled. Matt. 24 : 32-34. And yet the Advocate says it may be a thousand years distant, and that we can know nothing about it; AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per ,year, 25 to 99 " " " - - 90e - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " " 44  75c 250 to 499 " " " 44  500 to 999 " " " " " - - 65c " 1000 or more " " "- 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 