TI=TE AMEtZTCAN SVN'TTNEL. 67 shall not the civil government, then, re-enact that conceded law of the Almighty and make it effective? Do we not say truly that the National Reform idea, as voiced here by Senator Blair, puts the State in the place of God ? Ile ignores God and his spirit entirely, in the statement that the national Govern-ment alone can make the law of God op-erative. We say, with as much reverence as the subject will allow, that we cannot see what use those who hold Such an idea can have for God. They have usurped his prerogative. In the second chapter of 2 Thessalonians the apostle Paul describes a certain power known as the " man of sin," the result of the working of the "mystery.of iniquity." This power is described as opposing and exalting itself above all that is Called God or that is worshiped, and claiming really to be God. It has generally been consid-ered, that this language is a description of the, Papacy, and we believe that that in-terpretation is correct; but surely it de-scribes nothing more accurately than a government which attempts:  to do just what Senator Blair says this government ought to do. Therefore, everyone who believes this language of Paul to refer to the Papacy must admit that a government according to the National Reform idea would be nothing more than an image to the Papacy. But there is another point to be noticed in this connection, and that is the inevit-able result of putting such ideas into practice. If it were universally conceded that the civil government has the power and the right to re-enact and enforce the law of God, that would involve the con-clusion that there is no more to the moral law than civil government can enforce. The result would be the universal prev-alence of immorality, and immorality of the worst kind, inasmuch as the individ-uals would suppose themselves to be act-ing in harmony with divine law. For example, take Mr. Blair's statement to the effect that as we re-enact the law of God in. making a law and enforcing it against murder, so all the States have en-acted laws against the desecration of the Sabbath. Suppose the National Reform scheme had become triumphant, and it were understood that the Government takes the place of God, and enforces the di-vine law against murder, the result would be that any individual who did not in his Ł envy and hatred toward his fellows go to the extreme of depriving them of life, would consider himself a moral man, al-though he might be full of hatred, malice, and envy. Take Mr. Craft's idea that the State re-enacts the, seventh commandment. It needs no argument to show that the State cannot punish man for vicious `thoughts, or evil desires, or for any grade of licentiousness short of the overt act of adultery. But ministers and law-makers teach that the State enforces the seventh'  commandment; therefore the conclusion  which the libertine would be warranted in making would be that he is a moral man if he abstains from violence. And so, when this National Reform idea shall be carried into effect; we shall have the State actually teaching vice and immor-ality. Such a condition of things would be a union of Church and State in its fullest extent. The Dark Ages stand as the great example of the effects of the union of Church and State, yet all that was done then was the enforcement by civil govern-ment of what the Church claimed was the law of God. We think that our friends can readily see from this that when the -United States or any other government, legislates concerning any one or the whole ,of the commandments, it effects just to that extent a union of Church and State; and the argument already given shows how dangerous to morality and pure re-ligion is such a union. The state of mor-ality will be just as much below the true morality as the power that presumes to enforce the law of God is below God. Are there any of our Cla.ristian readers who wish to see such a condition of things in the United States, or who will lend their influence to bring it about ? E. J. W. A Representative Decision. IN support of his advocacy of the Bible and " natural religion " in the public schools, Joseph Cook has cited the de-cision of Circuit Judge John R. Bennett of Wisconsin. That our readers may see how it is that the Bible and religious ex-ercises are maintained in the schools by the decisions of courts, we propose to notice Judge Bennett's decision. This is important, not only, nor so much, for what he himself says, but also for what is said in other decisions from which he obtains the sanction of his action. This decision was rendered in November 1888. The cause which called it out was this: The preamble to the Constitution of the State of Wisconsin says :Š We, the people of Wisconsin; grateful to Almighty God for our freedom, in order to secure its blessings, form a more perfect government, insure domestic tranquillity, and promote the general welfare, do establish this Constitution. The Declaration of Rights says :Š The right of every man to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of his own conscience shall never be infringed, nor shall any man be com-pelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or to maintain any ministry, against his consent. Nor shall any control or interference with the rights of conscience be permitted, or any pref-erence be given by law to any religious establish-ment or mode of worship. And Article 10, Section 3, says :Š The Legislature shall provide by law for the estab-lishment of district schools, which shall be as nearly uniform as practicable, and such schools shall be free and without charge for tuition to all children between the ages of four and twenty years, and no sectarian instruction shall be allowed therein. In the city of Edgerton, Wisconsin, there were "many " Roman Catholics who were sending and desired still to send their children to the public schools. They were residents and tax-payers for the support of the schools, and were equally entitled with all others to have their children instructed in these schools under the Constitution, Frederick Weiss and others, plaintiffs, pre-sented a petition to the court respectfully setting forthŠ That certain of the teachers employed by-  the District Board, having charge of the schools to conduct the same and instruct the pupils attending the same, including the children of the plantiffs, read to said pupils each and every day the schools are in session, and during school hours, certain portions of the Book, commonly known as the BIBLE, the teacher selecting the portions so read and using the translation known as the King James Version. That the plaintiffs, and many others of the resi-dent tax-payers of said school district, whose chil-dren attend said schools, and are under the control and instruction of said teachers, are, together with their children, members of the Roman Catholic Church, and conscientiously believe its doctrines, faith, and forms of worship, and that by said church, the said version is taught and believed to be an incorrect and incomplete translation by reason of the omission of a certain part of the books held by such church to be an integral portion of the inspired Canon: and it is further taught by said Roman Catholic Church and believed by its members that the scriptures ought not to be read indiscriminately, inasmuch as said church has Divine Authority as the only infallible teacher and interpreter of the same, and that the reading of the same without note or comment, and without being expounded by the only authorized teachers and interpreters thereof, is not only not beneficial to the children in said schools, and especially the children of the plantiffs who are members of said church, but likely to lead to the adoption of dangerous errors, irreligious faith, practice and worship, and that by reason thereof the practice of reading King James version of the Bible commonly and only received as inspired and true by the Protestant religious sects, is re-garded' by the members of said Roman Catholic Church, including the plaintiffs, as contrary to the rights of conscience, and as wholly contrary to, and in violation of the law, and that they believe such exercises as above set forth, and each and all of them to be sectarian instruction, in violation of SEC-TION 3 ARTICLE 10, of the Constitution of the State of Wisconsin. The District School Board, in its answer admitted that the Bible was read in the department where these Catholic children were; but " The answer avers that such children were not required to remain in the school-room during such reading, but were at liberty to withdraw during such reading if they so desire." The District Board in further answering the peti-tion, upon information and belief deny that the Roman Catholic Church is the only infallible teacher or interpreter of the'Bible, but on the contrary aver upon information and belief, that every person has the right to read and interpret it for himself, ana the claim of the relators in that regard is sectarian and that an enforcement thereof would be a viola-tion of the Constitution of this State, and deny, that the reading of King James versionof the Bible, is contrary to the rights of conscience, or in violation of law, or that the same is sectarian, or in violation of Section 3 of Article 10 of the Constitution of this State or the Statutes or Common Law of this State. That part of the answer which says that 