AMERICAN SENTINEL. 779 SPEAKING of the "real character of the nation" and of "her institutions," a National Reform writer says that these "in a real sense, however imperfectly, are Christian." But Christianity is perfect; and in so far as anything departs from this perfection, it ceases to be Christian. And that which does not have Jesus Christ in it is not Christian at all. Ł Ł Ł HERE is a paragraph which at the present time has a very "seditious" and "unpatriotic" sound:Š "Perhaps there was never an instance of a colony so much and so long persecuted with vehement and mali-cious abuse as ours has been for near two years past by its enemies here, and those who reside in it. The design apparently was, by rendering us odious as well as con-temptible, to prevent all concern for us in the friends of liberty here when the project of oppressing us further and depriving us of our rights by various violent meas-ures should be carried into execution." Yet, strange as it may seem to some, this was not written by an agent of Aguinaldo or by "Oom Paul" Kruger, but by Benjamin Franklin, in 1771.  gret for the horrible tragedy can be heard to-night from one end of the town to the other." Can it be supposed that this community is an ex-ceptional one, essentially different in character from other communities the country over? There is no apparent reason by which such a conclusion could be maintained. The prisoner was not at large when seized by the mob, but was in the hands of the civil authorities, to whom he had confessed his crime. Conviction and pun-ishment under the law were certain, and the action of the mob was taken solely with the thought of venge-ance. Is this the civilization for which, we have of late been told, the Asiatics are pining? Query: If such com-plete anarchy as is here portrayed can exist in the very center of the United States, how much confidence can reasonably be placed in a promise of good government under United States authority, for people of the col-ored race, in a distant colony on the other side of the Pacific? I Sunday Closing in Denver. Is This American Civilization? ANOTHER case of punishing crime by mob law and burning at the stake is reported in the papers of the 7th inst., and one which, if reported correctly, is of ex-ceptional horror. Of many instances of the execution of mob law it may be said that the perpetrators were a few of the more lawless and vindictive of the residents of the locality concerned, whose acts did not represent the general sentiment of the community. But what can be said in behalf of American civilization as represented by this Kentucky community, in the face of the facts which are here reported:Š "MAYSVILLE, Ky., Dec. 6.ŠRichard Coleman, a twen-ty-year-old colored boy, was burned at the stake at noon to-day, within the limits of this city, in the pres-ence of thousands of men and hundreds of women and children. "Tortures almost unbelievable were inflicted upon the wretched negro. In all the vast crowd that wit-nessed the agonies of the man not one hand was raised in humanity's behalf, nor a single voice heard in the interest of mercy. Instead, when some new torture was inflicted upon the shrieking, burning boy, the crowd cheered and cheered, the shrill voices of women and the piping tones of children sounding high above the roar of men. "Not one person in the crowd wore a mask. The leaders of the mob disdained the semblance of any dis-guise. Every act was done in the open. There was no secrecy. The population of the whole city and country for miles around, church men and church women, pro-fessional and business men of eminence, people of distin-guished ancestry, formed the mob, and not a single re- THE Supreme Court of Colorado, it is announced, has given a decision nullifying the Sunday-closing ordi-nance passed some time ago by the City Council of Denver. The decision rests upon the principle that it is not fair to oppress one class of the people without op- pressing all,Ša principle which is decidedly lame, and obviously unfit as a support for justice. An exchange sums up the points of the decision thus:Š "As the case is summed up by the Denver Republic of November 10, Sunday closing, unless everything is closed, cannot legally be enforced against those lines of business which are not detrimental to the public good. Clothing stores are among those concerns which may be left open on Sunday under present conditions, despite the ordinance of the city of Denver to the contrary. So says the Supreme Court decision. Justice Gabbart said: 'The ordinance in question does not extend to the' sale of all classes of merchandise, or to all avocations. Many are exempt from its provisions which are neither necessary nor charitable. Experience has demonstrated that to permit class legislation where a general law can be made applicable is fraught with danger, for it fre-quently results that a legislative body, under the guise of a law, oppresses a class or particular avocation. The ordinance does not affect all alike, and a business or occupation which is not liable to interfere with public morality or tend to create disorder, and over which the city has no special control, cannot be singled out and made the subject of prohibition on Sunday." A COMMAND of God, given by divine revelation, must be known and understood by each individual for him-self. 