4;. 332 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Sabbath, knowing you are breaking it, as it is to break it, believing you are not breaking it? Is it not as sinful to break the Sabbath for pay as it is to break it for conscience? The idea of the religious informer and the grand juror is that you may sin, but you mustn't believe you are doing right. And right here is where the unspeakable infamy of the thing comes inŠthis censorship over conscience, par-ticipated in by the law and the religious spy. And here is where the rudimentary fang shows at its best, and where you see on it the blood-marks of the rack and the thumb-screw, those precious implements that were so effectual in persuading the minority to conform their belief to that of the majority. We say again, and wish to impress it upon the people of our community, that this case of Burke Waters is an instance of the most reprehensible kind of religious per-secution, instigated by men who are prejudiced against these Adventists, and who go out of their way to spy against them. We believe in obeying the laws of the land. We be-lieve in a quiet and orderly observance of the Sabbath, but it should be a matter of faith and conscience, rather than a conformity to police regulation. The observance of the fourth commandment should be a question Of religion, and the State should interfere only to the ex_ tent of insuring protection, quietude, and order to such observances. The laws should not be used to persecute persons who, as a matter of conscience, keep holy the seventh day and work on the first, provided they are quiet and orderly and do not interfere with the personal or religious rights of their neighbors. And, above all, the law should not be used to oppress people who break it for conscientious reasons, while the more flagrant spe-cies of Sabbath-breaking goes unnoticed. In most cases, you will notice, where persons have had their sensibilities shocked by seeing these Adventists at work on Sunday, the persons so shocked have traveled some distanbe out of their way to enjoy the luxury of the shock. Xi* OF PAIIESTI$E. Very Useful for Sabbath Schools, Especially when studying the Life of Christ. ,At Clear and plain. Size 41x28 inches. 1 Printed on Cloth. Price $1.50. Order now and get the benefit of a splendid help in the Sabbath school or family. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co., 39 Bond St., New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by B81161 Draft on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN SENTIN   1-11L, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year - $1.00. " Six months - .50. 4t Three months - .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. 54all We 5Iag to (Eat? "KEDLJOG: Is the title of a new book addressed particularly to non-medical readers, in language exempt from those tech-nicalities which are so frequently found in medical works. The question Shall We Use Neat as a Diet? 'Nor is not alone prominent before the medical profession, but the public are seeking the solution of this problem. "SHALL WE SLAY TO EAT" endeavors to present plain, unvarnished facts, without exaggeration, trusting to the power of simple truth to win its own recognition. Price, postpaid, paper covers, 25c. 66 C6  board " 40c. PACIFIC PRESS PUB CO., 39 Bond. St., New York. Ł 'A "A "A 'A 'A "A A "A 'A 1,4 A4 Ł SENDIFOR iCfAyToAuLhOaGveoaFnoyuiRdePaEroBfLpIuCrAcThIasOiN, purchasing. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. 