tECEMBER 1896. MIEILLIC A N g_E,N9ININIEJL, 395 say anything at all on the subject, it follows as also certainly true that what he does say on this subject "is not a legal act." That is true. We only wish all the people would tell him so; and instruct him to quit com-mitting acts that are " not legal." The Independent further says that when the President says anything farther than the law provides, it is not a legal act, " but an expression of personal opinion or advice; " and thatŠ no Jew or pagan can rightly take exception to some recognition of Jesus Christ, as an expression of the President's personal faith. . . . Although ad-dressed to all the people his little sermon is no more official than his address at the Presbyterian Home Missionary meeting in Carnegie Hall last winter. Mr. Cleveland did not address that mis-sionary meeting in his official capacity of President of the United States. He did not say to them, " I, Grover Cleveland, President of the United States, do hereby," etc. He did not write it out and say, " Witness my hand and the seal of the United States, which I have caused to be hereunto affixed." He did not close that address with "Done at the city of Washington, . . . in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, and of the Independence of the United States of America the one hundred and twenty-first. " By the President, "GROVER CLEVELAND. " RICHARD OLNEY, Secretary of State." Yet all this was done to his Thanksgiving proclamation. In fact it would be impossible for any document to have more of an official character. For any one to say, in view of all this, that what he said in the proclamation " is no more official" than was his address at the missionary meeting, is, if possible, more fraudulent than the statement that he is "authorized by law" to make such procla-mations. Though of course it should only be expected that all the statements on the subject would be of the same piece. As the whole document, however, because of its being " not a legal act," was in itself only an expression of opinion, it may in that sense be admitted that the particular sentence was also "but an expression of personal opin-ion," "an expression of the President's personal fait." But even then, it is pertinent to in- quire, What right has any man to attach the Great Seal of the United States to his per-sonal opinions, and thus to pass them out to the country as official business of national importance? What right has any man thus to make his personal opinions the official opinions of the nation ? What right has any man to put the national seal upon his per-sonal faith and officially send it forth to the people of the country as a governmental thing to which they are expected to conform? What right has any man thus to make his personal faith the official faith of the nation? But the climax of the Independent's ghastly defense is reached in the following:Š Suppose the President had been a Roman Catholic and referred to the invocation of Mary as a mediatrix, he would have made a mistake, because the prevailing sentiment of the land would be against him. And is the Independent absolutely sure that there will never be so much of a prevailing sentiment in that direction that it will not be a mistake for a Roman Catholic in the presidential chair to refer to the invocation of M try as a mediatrix, in a Thanksgiving proclamation ? The Independent positively justifies such a thing whenever the prevailing sentiment may permit it. This is what the fathers saw when they made the National  Government separate from religion, when they said : "Who does not see that the same authority that can set up the Christian relig-ion in exclusion of all other religions, can with the same ease set up some particular sect of Christians in exclusion of all other sects ?" Other presidents gave national rec-ognition to religion in general. President Cleveland has given national recognition to the Christian religion in exclusion of all other religions. It is only a question of time when the next step will be taken, and a President will give national recognition to some particular sect, and that the Catholic sect, in exclusion of all other sects. Rome sees this too. And therefore Cardinal Gibbons's organ, the Catholic Mirror, also comes to the defense of this latest proclama- tion and this latest phase of the development of National religion. The Mirror of No-vember 28, says:Š The Cleveland and Cincinnati rabbis and congrega-tions who have made all this disturbance about a trifle are placing themselves in the same boat with those cranks and bigots who would "leave God out of the Constitution," or indeed, refuseto recognize any overruling Providence whateverŠwho would practically make our government agnostic or infidel. And finally there comes the Reform Bureau of Washington, D. C., in the Ram's Horn, of Dec. 5, 1896, declaring it to be " unusual if not unprecedented," and that " Thus at last we have a proclamation in accord with the Supreme Court dictum, This is a Chris-tian nation." And in a communication to the Washington, D. C., Evening Star, of November 30, the same body says further: " The Thanksgiving proclamation is in this respect the first one that might not have been as appropriately issued in China or among the Choctaws, or wherever a Supreme Being is recognized. This is the first proclamation in accord with the long list of historic facts on the basis of which the Supreme Court said, on February 29, 1892, in a unanimous opinion (Trinity Church case): This is a Christian nation.' This proclamation, with the burial of the spoils system and the arbi-tration treaty, will make this administration distinguished in history above any other since the war." MAKING NATIONAL "HOLY DAYS." THAT our national holidays are fast taking on the character of "holy days," is evident from facts which are too plain to be over-looked. The pious and sermonic tone of the Presi-dent's Thanksgiving proclamation, its dis-tinctly " Christian " character, and the efforts made by the clergy to secure a public observ-ance of the day by cessation of work and worldly sports, at least during the time of church services, are things to which we have already called attention. They show that this national "festival" day is undergoing a rapid metaphorphosis which will leave it a religious day altogether, to be observed only in a religious manner. The following para-graph from the Christian Statesman, of No- vember 28, adds to the evidence upon this point:Š We regret to be obliged to record that the Presby-terian Ministers' Association of Pittsburg, at its meet-ing last Monday, tabled a resolution introduced by one of its members protesting against the popular way of spending a large part of Thanksgiving Day in attendance upon football games. It is bad enough that so many college students and their friends, and members of athletic and even Young Men's Christian Associations and their supporters, have so little re-gard for the spirit of the day and the official procla-mations for its proper observance. But when minis- ters and college officers not only wink at the devot-ing of the day largely to rough sports, but even more or less publicly refuse to condemn and thus in an ef-fective way justify this mode of spending a day spe-cially set apart for the quiet enjoyment of the home circle and the duties of charity and religion, what can be expected of our young men? Thanksgiving day, however, is Lot the only national day upon which an effort is being made to put the stamp of religion. The evidence of this we find in the Christian Endeavorer, for December, 1896. That jour-nal says:Š Many Christian Endeavor societies last year utilized Washington's Birthday for Christian Citizenship day, They found this plan to be helpful to the cause of Christian Citizenship. . . . As Washington was distinctly a Christian citizen and showed his loyalty to his divine Master on every occasion, there is every reason why the celebration of his birthday should have a religious tone to it. The Endeavorer further states that it was supposed that resolutions upon this point would be passed by the International Con-vention at Washington, but no resolutions were passed on any subject at that meeting. It adds, however, that in probably six hun-dred communities in this country the coming 22d of February will be observed under Christian citizenship auspices. When the popular observance of national holidays takes on a "religious tone," those who fail to observe them religiously will suffer social ostracism, to say the least. Al-ready it is accounted nothing less than sinful to continue secular work or engage in " rude sports" during the hours of church service on Thanksgiving day. And a like result must follow the establishment of the religious observance of Washington's birthday.:k  It is worthy of notice that these national holidays will, under this change, stand upon exactly the same footing as the "holy days" of the Roman Catholic Church. Such days are marked by a religious observance, but not;through their whole length. That church requires attendance at Mass or other religious services set apart for the day; and having complied with the church requirements in this respect, the Catholic communicant is at liberty to spend the remaining portion of the day as his own inclination may direct. He is not debarred from indulgence in the popu-lar forms of amusement and recreation, pro-vided these do not interfere with the religious observances which the church prescribes. And not only will these days stand upon the same level as the Catholic " holy days;" they will serve the same pur-pose. The Catholic " holy days" are for the purpose of exalting and glorifying the church. And when the Protestant Church acquires the prerogative of directing the observance of national holidays, she will thereby exalt her-self, and become invested with new power and authority in the eyes of the people. But the whole principle of such procedure is papal, and not Christian; and only that which is in the likeness of the papacy can come out of The only days which 'can properly be ob- served religiously are those commanded to be observed by the Creator; for religion is a matter the direction of which is His preroga-tive alone. He has commanded us to keep holy his Sabbaths, which come on the seventh day of each week. But the leading church bodies have discarded these, and instituted " holy days " of their own. And this is nothing else than a parallel to the spirit and work of the papacy. S THERE is nothing which behaves more un-civilly than the "civil sabbath." 