284 A 101[Ig CAW SIMNIrritINTIBAL,. Von. 9, No. 36. any one who would have received you as pope if they had not received gold or silver for it ?" My venerable brethren, will a pope who establishes a bank at the gates of the temple be inspired by the Holy Spirit ? Will he have any right to teach the church infallibly ? You know the history of Formosus too well for me to add to it. Stephen XI. made his body be exhumed, dressed in his pontifical robes; he made the fingers which he had used for giving the benediction be cut off, and then had him thrown into the Tiber, declaring him to be a perjurer and ille-gitimate. Look how matters were read-justed. Romanus, successor of Stephen, and after him John X. rehabilitated the memory of Formosus. But you will tell me these are fables, not history. Fables! Go, monsignori, to the Vatican library and read Platina, the historian of the papacy, and the an-nals of Baronius (A. D. 897). These are facts which, for the honor of the holy see, we should wish to ignore; but when it is to define a dogma which may provoke a great schism in our midst, the love which we bear to our venerable mother church, Catholic, Apostolic, and Roman, ought it to impose silence on us ? I go on. The learned Cardinal Baronius, speak-ing of the papal court says (give attention, my venerable brethren, to these words) : " What did the Roman Church appear in those daysŠhow infamous, only all-pow-erful courtesans governing in Rome ? It was they who gave, exchanged, and took bishoprics; and, horrible to relate, they got their lovers, the false popes, put on the throne of St. Peter."Š(Baronius, A. D. 912). You will answerŠthese were false popes, not true ones: let it be so; but in that case, if fpr fifty years the see of Rome was occupied by anti-popes, how will you pick up again the thread of the pontifical succession ? Has the church been able, at least for a century and a half, to go on without a head, and find itself acepha-lous ? Look now ! The greatest number of these anti-popes appear in the genea-logical tree of the papacy; and the ab-surdity it must have been that Baronius described; because Cenebrardo, the great flatterer of the popes, had dared to say in his Chronicles (A. D., 901), " This cen-tury is unfortunate, as for nearly one hun-dred and fifty years the popes have fallen from all the virtues of their predecessors, and have become apostates rather than apostles." I can understand how the illustrious Baronius must have blushed when he nar-rated the acts of theme Roman bishops. Speaking of John XI. (931), natural son of Pope Sergius and of Marozia, he wrote these words in his annals: " The holy church, that is, the Roman, has been vilely trampled on by such a monster." John XII. (956), elected pope at the age of eighteen, through the influence of cour-tesans, was not one bit better than his predecessor. I grieve, my venerable brethren, to stir up so much filth. I am silent on Alexander VI., father and lover of Lucretia; I turn away from John XXII. (1519), who denied the immortal-ity of the soul, and was deposed by the holy Ecumenical council of Constance. Some will maintain that this council was only a private one; let it be so; but if you refuse any authority to it, as a logical sequence you must hold the nomination of Martin V. (1417) as illegal. What, then, will become of the papal succession ? Can you find the thread of it ? I do not speak  of the schisms which have dishonored the church. In these unfortunate days the see of Rome was occupied by two, and sometimes, even by three, competitors. Which of these was the true pope ? Resuming once more : again I say if you decree the infallibility of the present bishop of Rome, you must establish the in-fallibility of all the preceding ones,without excluding any; but can you do that when history is there, establishing with a clear-ness equal only to that of the sun, that the popes have erred in their teaching ? Could you do it and maintain that avari-cious, incestuous, murdering, simonical popes have been vicars of Jesus Christ ? Oh, venerable brethren, to maintain such an enormity would be to betray Christ worse than Judas; it would be to throw dirt in his face. (Cries, " Down from the pulpit, quick; shut the mouth of the heretic! ") My venerable brethren, you cry out; but would it not be more digni-fied to weigh my reasons and my proofs in the balance of the sanctuary ? Believe me, history cannot be made over again; it is there, and will remain to all eternity, to protest energetically against the dogma of papal infallibility. You may proclaim it unanimously; but one vote will be wanting, and that is mine. The true faith-ful, monsignori, have their eyes upon us, expecting from us a remedy for the innu-merable evils which dishonor the church: will you deceive them in their hopes ? What will not our responsibility before God be if we let this solemn occasion pass which God has given us to heal the true faithful ? Let us seize it, my brethren; let us arm ourselves with a holy courage; let us make a violent and generous effort; let us turn to the teaching of the apostles, since without that we have only errors, darkness, and false traditions. Let us avail ourselves of our reason, and of our intelligence, to make the apostles and prophets as our only infallible masters with reference to the question of ques-tions, " What must I do to be saved ? " When we have decided that, we will have laid the foundation of our dogmatic sys-tem. Firm and immovable on the rock, lasting and incorruptible, of the divinely inspired Holy Scriptures, full of confi-dence, we shall go before the world, and like the Apostle Paul, in the presence of the free-thinkers, we will "know none other than Jesus Christ and him crucified." We will conquer through the preaching of " the folly of the cross," as Paul conquered the learned men of Greece, and Rome, and the Roman Church will have its glorious '89. (Clamorous criesŠ" Get down! Out with the Protestant, the Calvinist, the traitor of the church !") Your cries, monsignori, do not frighten me. If my words are hot, my head is cool. I am neither of Luther, nor of Cal-vin, nor of Paul, nor of Apollo; but of Christ. (Renewed cries Š " Anathema, anathema to the apostate !") Anathema! monsignori, anathema! you know well that you are not protesting against me, but against the holy apostles, under whose protection I should wish this council to place the church. Ah ! if covered with their winding-sheets they come out of their tombs, would they speak a language different from mine ? What would you say to them when, by their writings, they tell you that the papacy has deviated from the gospel of the Son of God, which they have preached and confirmed in so gener-ous a manner by their blood ? Would you dare to say to themŠWe prefer the  teaching of our own popes, our Beilarnine, our Ignatius Loyola, to yours ? No, no: a thousand times no; unless you have shut your ears that you may not hear, closed your eyes that you may not see, blunted your minds that you may not understand. Ah! if he who reigns above wishes to punish us, make his hands tall heavy on us, as he did to Pharoah, he has no need to permit Garibaldi's soldiers to drive us away from the eternal city. He has only to let them make Pius IX. a god, as we have made a goddess of the Blessed Virgin. Stop, stop, venerable brethren, on the odius and ridiculous incline on which you have placed yourself; save the church from the shipwreck which threat-ens her, asking from the Holy Scriptures alone for the rule of faith which we ought to believe and profess. I have spoken; may God help me! Some Strange Things. IN view of the fact that those who have been so zealous in their efforts to bring about Sunday laws for the last quarter of a century have, in such positive terms, declared that it was purely a civil move-ment and not in any sense a religious one, it is passing strange that the editor of the Midland (United Presbyterian), in commenting upon the case of Private Cedarquist (who was court-martialed and sentenced to six months' imprisonment, with loss of pay, by Major Worth, at Fort Omaha a short time ago, for refusing to engage in target practice on Sunday, and whose case was appealed and re-appealed until it reached President Cleveland, who overruled the sentence and ordered a court- martial to try Major Worth) should make the following statement :Š * The comments of the daily papers on the ease have been in utter disregard of the principles of justice. The statement that Jews or Seventh-day Adventists might refuse to work on Saturday, and be excused, is childish. This is a Christian nation, and we have Sab-bath laws, not only national, but in nearly all the States. In becoming part of a Christian nation, all of these must submit to righteous Christian laws. Major Worth has clearly violated the laws of the State of Nebraska and of the nation. as well as explicit army orders, and should be dealt with accordingly. Then, when it is supposed to be gener-ally known that this Government is of the people, by the people, and for the 'people, Šwholly a man-made institution, it is strange that the above paragraph should appear in the same paper from which the following is taken :Š When Christian people look at the financial condi-tion of our country, and of the civilized world, is it not time for us to all " Cease from man, whose breath is in his nostrils; for wherein is he to be accounted of ?" and turn wholly to the Lord, and " Call upon me in the ddy of trouble, I will deliver thee, and thou shalt glorify me." This is very plain, easily under-stood, and can be carried into practice daily by every child of God whose heart is filled with the Spirit. . . , We ought to have this part of God's Word impressed upon our hearts so it will remain there and control us ever. " Thus saith the Lord : Cursed be the man that trusteth in man, and maketh flesh his arm, and whose heart departeth from the Lord, for he shall be like the heath in the desert, and shall not see when good cometh, but shall inhabit the parched places in the wilderness, in a salt land not inhabited. Blessed is the man that trusteth in the Lord, and whose hope the Lord is." . . . When the Lord's voice crieth so loudly and long to the land by adverse providences, the man of wisdom ought to see his name and point it out distinctly and repeatedly to others, so that all may turn to him. Again, when the Bible plainly says that " the seventh day.  is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do *All quotations, except those from the Scriptures where references are given, are from the Midland, of August 18, published at Omaha, Neb., and all italics supplied. 