TIDE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 197 In view, however, of the fact that in many respects Protestants are advocating the very prin-ciples upon which Rome is acting, it does not seem probable that anything will come of the talk. So far as the schools are concerned, Roman Catholics and Protestants stand on substantially the same ground, each advocating that religion should be taught in the schools; the only differ-ence of opinion between £hem being as to what religion. The Catholics claiming that the dis-tinctive doctrines of their church should be taught, while of course Protestants wish to have that which they hold taught. It is to be feared that the contest will end in a compromise, utterly subversive of religious liberty. Indeed such a compromise has been already suggested in the interest of the Blair Educational Amendment bill. 4. Ł Ł A National Sabbath Crusade. REV. WILBUR P. CRAFTS has started out to reform the world in general, and the United States in particular, in the matter of Sabbath ob-servance. The reverend gentleman insists that all Sunday traffic and Sunday mails should cease, and demonstrates, to his own satisfaction at least, that all Sunday mails and Sunday traffic are an unnecessary and uncalled for infraction of the fourth commandment. The reverend gentleman would have Sabbath observance enforced by law; would make the courts a whip of scorpions to drive the erring sons of men in at the strait gate and into the narrow path which he believes has its terminal in the New Jerusalem. He appears to have forgotten, if he ever knew, that the ob-ject for which this Government was established by our historic sires and for the maintenance of which millions in taxes are annually paid, was not and is not to coerce men into Heaven, but to enable them to live on earth in the full enjoy-ment of civil and religious liberty. Congress, to which the reverend gentleman fondly turns for his much-desired reform, has no right to stop a single wheel in the United States, nor has any State Legislature authority to prevent the run-ning of as many Sunday trains as the various railway companies desire to send out. Congress unquestionably has the power to stop the collec-tion, transmission, and delivery of mails on Sun-day, but there is small likelihood of its using this power to the great inconvenience of millions of people simply to gratify the wishes of a few so-called reformers, many of whom are fed and clothed with money earned and collected on Sunday. The reverend gentleman says that Sunday trains are run for the express purpose of making money to fatten the bank accounts of millionaires. Doubtless they are not run simply to wear out the rolling stock. Trains are run on Sunday for the selfsame reason that Rev. Mr. Crafts preaches on Sunday. There is a demand for Sunday trains and for Sunday preaching, and just so long as the demand exists Sunday trains and Sunday sermons will be supplied, and in neither case will the earnings be refused. Rev. Mr. Crafts makes the same mistake as the Sun-day reformers who have preceded him. The question of Sabbath observance is something with which no Government should meddle. In that great day when the sheep will be separated from the goats he will not find a single Government on trial. Neither the American Congress nor the English Parliament will be called to account col-lectively, but every man will have to make his own plea at the throne of grace. If it is wrong  to travel or send letters on Sunday no man is compelled to do so because facilities are afforded, any more than he need commit murder because it is possible for him to purchase a pistol or a dagger. The observance of the Sabbath as a clay of rest is a beautiful custom, but its en-forcement at the muzzle of a State or national law would be as obnoxious and uncalled for as the enforcement of church attendance or family prayers by the same means. The argument that federal or State interference is necessary to pro-tect the overworked railway and postal employes loses much of its force in the face of the fact that the Government pays postal clerks and mail car-riers higher salaries than the same class of labor commands elsewhere, and that a very large pro-portion of train crews are paid by the trip and can easily find Sunday substitutes if overworked, or if they have conscientious scruples against laboring on that day. The stoppage of Sunday mails would be an almost unbearable inconven-ience; the stoppage of Sunday trains would practically paralyze many branches of industry. The Rev. Mr. Crafts and his co-workers are not reformers. They are striving to roll back the greatest reform that ever swept across the face of the civilized world; trying to rob man of relig-ious liberty and make him again the irresponsi-ble creature of an autocratic religious hierarchy. ŠDallas, Texas, News. The Spirit of Intolerance. AT a State mass convention held in Minneapo-lis, Minnesota, in the interests of the American Sabbath Union, June 11, an incident occurred which well illustrates the spirit actuating these friends of Sunday legislation, and furnishes a prelude showing the intolerant manner in which they are disposed to deal with all those who differ with them on religious matters. An attempt to organize a State branch of the association was being made, and the first article of its constitution was under consideration, which read, "The object of this association shall be to preserve the Christian Sabbath, or Lord's day, as a day of rest and worship." After it had been read, and the question was open for remarks, a gentleman rose in the audience and stated that in his judgment the article was good as far as it went, but he would like to see in it something a little more definite with reference to how far the matter should be carried, and in what manner it should be accomplished. In regard to this he would offer an amendment, viz.: "The object of this association shall be to preserve the Sabbath as a day of rest and worship; but in securing this object, only education, moral influence, and persuasion shall be employed, and the religious rights of all shall be guarded against compulsory law." The words had hardly died on the speaker's lips, before W. F. Crafts, the renowned field sec-retary of the American Sabbath Union, sprang to his feet. " I would like to know what denomi-nation this brother represents," he asked excitedly. "The Seventh-day Adventists," was the reply. " Just as I expected!" excitedly rejoined Mr. Crafts. " This convention is called as a State convention of those who represent the Christian Sabbath; and it is not in any sense for those who represent the Saturday Sabbath. It is so under-stood in all our conventions. These friends have no natural rights in a Christian Sabbath conven-tion, except as hearers and reporters. In no part  of the deliberations do they stand with us. They are not with us on the Christian Sabbath. . . . We are glad to have the Seventh-day people with us in our conventions. . . . The floor belongs to the friends of the Christian Sab-bath." The chair ruled that the point was well taken, seemingly forgetting the fact that on the previous evening he had declared it to be a mass conven-tion, in which all were at liberty to speak. It is a well-known fact that the National Re-form Party, to which the American Sabbath Union is auxiliary, class the Seventh-day people with the atheists, whom Dr. Jonathan Edwards, a Goliah in their army, said he would tolerate as he would a lunatic,Šas long as he did not rave he would be willing to tolerate him. No doubt Mr. Crafts considered that this Adventist was raving, since his views did not accord with his own, and so thought that it would be to his best interest to use the poiver in his hands, and silence him. A record of the event appeared in the Min-neapolis Evening Star, under the heading, " Is this Christianity ?" Well, indeed, may this secu-lar paper ask the question. No wonder that those who make no profession of religion are as-tonished at the actions of these men who profess to be followers of the world's Redeemer. It is not Christianity, nor is true Christianity responsi-ble for it. But it does savor richly of the Dark Ages. If these men thus domineer now, what would they not do if their intolerant schemes had the support of the civil law? PERCY T. MAGAN. 41, Sunday Legislation. No doubt all are aware of the fact that the Sunday-Rest bill expired with the last session of Congress, and unless some effort is put forth to bring it into notice again it will become a dead letter. It is not probable, however, that a ques-tion in which so many thousands of people are interested will be suffered to pass into oblivion. And although disposed of for a time the senti-ments embodied in this bill are so firmly estab-lished in the minds of its supporters that the prin-ciples it sets forth will not be allowed to be for-gotten by the public. Either its resurrection or the creation of something similar will, undoubt-edly, take place soon. . . . The idea of Sunday legislation is steadily gain-ing ground, and the leaders in the movement are not in the least discouraged at the failure to se-cure the proposed law, but are energetically at work to accomplish their purpose. While their efforts to promote needed reforms touching pub-lic morality as affected by the liquor traffic, and the divorce law, and to secure a higher state of social purity, are commendable, the means by which they propose to secure such results, that is, by religious legislation, is entirely wrong. For while there are those, no doubt, connected with this movement who, viewing the evil and de-pravity in the world to-day as the results of these evils, desire to see a better state of things, and believe that this can the most speedily and ef: fectually be accomplished by so changing our Constitution as to make religious training in our public schools compulsory, and the religious ob-servance of Sunday obligatory upon all; while there are those who do really believe that such a law would prove a blessing and are conscien-tiously working to this end, there are others who, judging from their own statements, are not so 