OCTOBER 17, 1895. .A./011E1ELI CAW 323 ages, and other necessaries" on that day, and in so far as beer drinking is Ł conducive to health and public morals! bubious cham-pions these of the cause of Sunday sacredness! But this is political religion: and the ecclesi-astics who have been so long and earnestly la-boring to bring religion into politics, ought not to find fault with what the politicians see fit to give them. Ł Ł A CLERICAL BOYCOTT. AT a recent meeting of the Ministers' Union of Hoboken, N. J., the following was adopted :Š WHEREAS, Many of the trades-people of our city openly and flagrantly violate the Sunday laws by con-tinuing their worldly and secular business on Sunday; and WHEREAS, Many trades-people, who now respect the law and close their places of business on Sunday, are unfairly treated by and lose much of their trade to the law-breaking trades-people; and WHEREAS, Many Sunday trades-people who are robbed of their Sundays, want one day's rest in seven, and are willing to stop business on this day if other trades-people do; and WHEREAS, The said violations of law are detri-mental both to the moral and financial welfare of our city; and WHEREAS, The church people are charged with being largely responsible for the present desecrated Sunday by their apparent indifference and by patron-izing law-breakers; Therefore, We, the undersigned, disapproving of all such lawlessness, do solemnly promise to refrain from purchasing goods on Sunday (except in cases of " ne-cessity and mercy "), and that, as far as possible, we will patronize the trades people who respect the law and close their places of business on Sunday. These Sunday boycotts are very suggestive of Rev. 13:17: " No man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name." Ł 1ŁŁ  THE SABBATH AND LIBERTY. ONE of the principal arguments put forward in support of the demand for Sunday laws, is that they are necessary in order that the work-ingmen may be free to rest on Sunday; in other words, they are necessary in order that the workingmen may have more liberty. It is said that " the right of rest for one is the law of rest for all;" and by this is meant that the right of one person to rest on Sun-day, demands a law compelling rest on the part of all. In this way men are to be made "free" to enjoy their rights. This is not the freedom that men need. It is not real freedom at all. Rights are to be secured to people, but not thrust forcibly upon them. A right is of no value to an individual when separated from personal freedom in the matter of its exercise. If the individual does not choose to exercise a given right, to force him to do so only makes that right a curse to him instead of a blessing. Every person has the right to rest upon the first day of the week; but not every person wishes to claim the right in his practice. A large number believe that another day is the proper day for the weekly rest, and that such rest upon the first day is wholly improper. A still larger class believe in spending the day in any manner that may suit their tastes, whether it be working, or resting, or seeking amusement and pleasure. To enforce Sunday rest upon these classes would not be securing to them a right, but denying one; since the right to Sunday rest is but an outgrowth from the more general right to rest (or not to rest) upon any day of the week, as conscience or convenience may direct; and they would feel that their right had been invaded rather than  confirmed. Nor would such enforced rest be any less an invasion of the right of all other persons in this respect, whether they were conscious of the fact or not; for the rights of all classes are the same. And thus the assertion that " the right of rest for one is the law of rest for all," is self- contradictory, since it is equivalent to saying that " the right of rest for one " denies the right of rest for another. Such a proposition is, of course, an absurdity. Those who believe Sunday rest to be a duty which they owe to God, should not call for a Sunday law compelling people to rest, in order that they may have " liberty" to do so. They already have the liberty, in common with all persons, to do what is right. Sin is a volun- tary, not a compulsory act; otherwise the sinner could not be held responsible. True, the pathway of right doing is not free from obstacles; but under the provisions of the gospel, none of these obstacles can bar any person from the liberty to walk therein. It is only a lack of faith in God that keeps an individual from doing what he believes it is the will of God that he should do. He is a slave to fear; he has not that soul-liberty which would make him free to obey the dic-tates of conscience. He who sins is the serv-ant of sin, and all sin's servants are slaves. John 8: 34. Such persons might take Sunday rest under the "protection" of a Sunday law, but it is evident that they would be in slavery still. What they need is not a change of cir-cumstances, but a change of heart. He who will not obey a divine command until he has the "protection" of a human law in doing so, pursues a course that is most dishonoring to the God in whom he professes to believe. His very obedience, rendered under such circumstances, must be offensive. As regards those who desire Sunday rest on other than religious grounds, they have the privilege of securing such rest by any means which will not invade the equal right of their fellowmen. There is a liberty which all men need, and their need of this is the world's greatest need to-day. It is the liberty which frees men from the slavery of sin. And there is a "law of liberty," which is perfect (see James 1: 25; Ps. 19: 7), and insures perfect liberty in the life that conforms to it. And one precept of that law declares: Ł " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work; . . . for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Ex. 20: 8-11. That liberty comes with the attainment of perfect trust in the power of God; and the SabbathŠthe memorial of creationŠis the divinely-appointed " sign " of that power. See Ex. 31:13; Eze. 20: 12, 20.'  This shows the relation between God's Sab-bathŠthe seventh dayŠand that which is liberty in the truest and highest sense. The keeping of the Sabbath signifies allegiance to the true GodŠthe CreatorŠand that allegi-ance is a perfect trust in the power of the true God, which casts aside all fear of the conse-quences of full obedience to his commands. To all this a Sunday law is contrary. In-stead of leading men to trust in GodŠsetting them free in himŠit tends to confirm them in the bondage of that fear which debarred them from the path of obedience to their con-victions of right. It is the expression of trust in the power of man, which is contrary to trust in God. For, " Thus saith the Lord: Cursed is the man that trusteth in man, and maketh flesh his arm, and whose heart depart-eth from the Lord." But "Blessed is the man that trusteth in the Lord, and whose  hope the Lord is." Jer. 17: 5, 7. A like statement is made by the Apostle Paul: " For we are the circumcision, which worship God in the spirit, and rejoice in Christ Jesus, and have no confidence in the flesh." Phil. 3: 3. Thus it is evident that a Sunday law is not for liberty in the case of any man, but against it. It can be nothing more than a badge of the bondage of those who would take refuge beneath it. It is contrary to the perfect law of liberty, which is the law of God. PREACHER AND AND PLUTOCRAT: OR THE CORRUPTION OF THE CHURCH THROUGH WEALTH.* BY REV. WALTER ALLEN EVANS. There never was an age since time began which needed so much to be frightened out of its false se-curity and shaken from its covenants with death, as this Laodicean, facing-both-ways, neither-one-thing-nor-the-other age of ours. It is an age which really fears man and only pretends to fear God.ŠCanon Farrar. EVANGELICAL Christianity, born anew in the German Reformation, baptized under the hands of the Puritans and the Wesleys, has already so far apostatized that another reformation is needed to fit the Church for the work of the greater century soon to dawn. The cold formalism of a utilitarian religious-ness, ornate with pomp and ceremony, makes of the Church of the present day, to a very large degree, a valley of dry bones greater than that which Ezekiel saw, and as sorely in need of a divine afflatus to give it life.' Social dis- content, born of pinching poverty on the one hand and riotous riches on the other, gam-bling, intemperance, commercial dishonor, political corruption, and the whole pestiferous brood of evils which prey upon the nation and threaten its peace if not its perpetuity as a free RepublicŠthey all find their coveted op-portunity, when they do not find their abet-ment, in the worldly ideals, the grasping covetousness, the denominational pride, the sectarian selfishness, the moral cowardice, and the spiritual apathy of the Church. Much is made, upon occasion, by those who would condone or gloss over the sins of the Church, of the great increase in the number of communicants in the churches during the present centuryŠgreater relatively than the increase in population. But here nothing is more misleading than numbers. "The kingdom of heaven cometh not with observation," and Heaven help the Church when she rates her conquests by count of heads! " When I am weak, then am I strong," was the profound remark of the great apostle concerning him- self. So is it with the Church. The only power in the Church that is worthy the name is spiritual powerŠthe power that comes of being right, and doing right. The Church of the apostles and martyrs, few in numbers, unorganized, poor, despised, and persecuted, because it was pure was in-vincible. But the Church of victorious Con-stantine, the church of royal patronage, in-toxicated with worldly success, lulled in the. lap of luxury, first slept in security, and then (all but) died in iniquity. So is it ever! Shall history repeat itself ? We hope not, we pray not. But no careful observer of men and events as reflected in the secular and re-ligious press can fail to see that the relative power of the Church over the masses for public and personal righteousness in this nation, has most signally and sadly failed to keep pace with the increase in the number of communicants * From the Arena for October. 