AMERICAN SENTINTIT 427 and is punished accordingly. And now that learned Hin_ doos have taken up with Englishways, and are gradually coming to share in the government of their country, under English auspices, and English direction, it is no uncommon thing for a native Hindoo magistrate to sen-tence an Englishman for his infraction of some custom or usage dear to the Hindoo heart for religious reasons alone. municipal law, is "silent in the clash of arms." The Gospel and the cartridge are not properly placed in the same knapsack. Doing Righteousness. PERHAPS the time may come when the "higher educa-tion" of the natives should be so diffused that there will arise a considerable body of men who will object to for-eign domination and develop a capacity for organization and discipline which will endanger the white man's rule. But that event is far distant, if, indeed, it shall ever occur. From their writings, it appears that cultured Hindoos are rather disposed to regard English rule as a welcome release from the internal contentions which for so long a period preceded its establishment, and as the only reli-able safeguard against their re appearance. Altogether, Her Majesty has reason to be proud of India. * * SOME interesting figures have lately been given, show_ ing the comparative weight of Bibles and cartridges which the soldiers of different armies are requiredŠor allowedŠto carry. If my memory serves me, it appeared that Germany gave more weight, so to speak, to the in-struments of murder than England, in proportion to the legal weight of Scripture, considered as an item of mili-tary equipment, while France almost disregarded the good Book altogether in fitting out her soldiers. * * * CERTAIN writers have tried hard to extract some fun out of these disclosures, but it is no laughing matter. Little matters like these have a moral, and the moral of them is that the two things, war and Christianity, are incompatible, and can by no means be made to harmonize. The incongruity is what suggests humor in the instance now, under consideration. It is, of course, apparent on the surface of the statement. But it is an incongruity to be contemned, not laughed it. * * * THE spirit of religion, as we understand it, is the spirit of peace. Men will go to war to the end of time, as they have done from its beginning, on all sorts of pre-texts, sometimes self deceived as to their own motives, sometimes seeking to deceive others in regard to their reasons for so doing, sometimes with brutal candor con-fessing the unrighteousness of their controlling impulse. But under any and all circumstances, war is a thing out-side of the pale of Christianity. There may be a human standard of conduct, measured by which a war is not only a right, but a dutyŠas in case of an unwarranted invasion of a country. But Christianity, like ordinary BY C. H. KESLAKE. "HE that doeth righteousness is righteous, even as he is righteous." 1 John 3:7. This does not mean that he that does righteousness thereby becomes righteous, but it does mean that he that does righteousness does so simply because he is already righteous, and the righteousness that he does is the evi-dence that he is righteous. It is simply impossible for an unrighteous person to do a righteous act, measured by God's standard of right-eousness. Any deed performed is no better in the sight of God than the motive by which it was prompted. Of motives men cannot safely judge, and an act that may appear to our fellowmen to be righteous, because the motive for such cannot be known, may appear to be entirely the opposite to Him who only can discern the motives. In order then to do that which is righteous a person must be righteous. Just here it will be in order to inquire : What is right-eousness? There must be some standard of righteous-ness by which every act, or the motive that prompts the act, may be tested. The Word of God says that "all unrighteousness is sin," and that "sin is the transgression of the law" (1 John 5:17; 3:4)Šnot of any law in general, but of some law in particular; for again it is written (Rom. 3:20) "By the law is the knowledge of sin." What this partic-ular law is by which sin is known is told us in Rom. 7:7: "I had not known sin, but by the law; for I had not known lust except the law had said, Thou shalt not covet." But the law that says "Thou shalt not covet," is the law of GodŠthe ten commandments. As therefore sin is the transgression of that law, and all unrighteousness is sin, it follows that the ten com-mandments are the standard of righteousness. Every act, and every motive that prompts the act, by whomso ever committed, is either approved or condemned by that law. To be approved every act must, in the very nature o things, be as good as the law itself. It cannot possibly accept anything that comes, in the least degree, short of it. It becomes therefore a matter of importance to know what God's law isŠwhat is its nature, its character. Two scriptures will suffice in deciding this question. 