AMERICAN SENTINEL. 749 these boards to the regulation of the minister of educa-tion, forbidding religious worship or instruction in all schools 'whose curricula are regulated by provisions of law.'" The resolutions here referred to allege that under the existing regulations the liberty of parents touching the education of their children is restricted, although the constitution of the empire grants full religious lib-erty. They also say:Š "We are here not raising any objections to the Edu-cational Department's making such restrictions for public schools supported by public funds; but we feel that to put these same limitaiionsupon privateschools, supported by private funds, works great injustice. We feel even more strongly that these regulations make it impossible for Christian schools to secure the recogni-tion of the government and its accompanying privi-leges. We are of the conviction that for any Christian school, founded on Christian principles, supported in any measure by the gifts and prayers of Christian peo-ple, to exclude in any degree Christianity from its ruling principles, or from its school life, would be disloyalty to our common Lord, and to the churches aiding our schools. We call upon all officers and teachers of Chris-tian schools to take a firm and decided stand upon this matter, not yielding any Christian principle for the sake of securing or maintaining Government privileges." Just what these "privileges" may be, or what ad-vantage is to be derived by the Christian schools from Government recognition, is not quite clear. The government of Japan is not Christian even in profession and cannot be expected to recognize a Christian school in any way that would mean an indorsement of Chris-tianity; nor would Christianity have anything to gain from the indorsement of a heathen government. The mission schools are determined to adhere to their Christian principles and teaching, and in this action are strongly indorsed by their home churches in the United States. As Christian institutions, they cer-tainly could not do anything less. The Boys' Book of Inventions. BY RAY STANNARD BAKER. The author gives most interesting accounts of some of the most note-worthy marvels of modern science, such as the Submarine Boat, Liquid Air, Wireless Telegraphy, Tailless Kites, Motor Vehicles, Flying :Ma-chines, etc. A book of 350 pages, and over 140 illustrations. Decorated cloth binding. Size 5%x8Y4. Price $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bans Drat* on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper mousy or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom- promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00— " Six months - .50. " " Three months - .25, ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. FMEND q THE KITCHEN." WE have no apology to offer in bringing to the attention of our readers a cook book discarding an article of diet which is everywhere known to contain disease-producing germs, often of a most virulent type. While "A Friend in the Kitchen" contains no flesh food recipes, it does contain an abundance of that which is most palatable and whole-some, and it also tells how the foods may be'prepared in the ibest possible way. Its 400 recipes are inter-spersed with short talks on foods and food combina-tions and other items of practical value and importance to every housewife, as well as to those who wish to study the subject of diet for their own benefit. Remember it contains about 400 carefully tested recipes. The binding is a new preparation resembling leather, is almost as durable, and may be washed the same as oilcloth. Price 60 cents postpaid. GOOD AGENTS WANTED. illyS11111Ł10111111110111111M111111 Address PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. 