212 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the most prominent member of the Christian ChurchŠand he shambled down from his Christian profession at the first fire of the politicians, and threw the door of the State wide open to the liquor traffic.' "This is just about how the matter stands. 'Any man who wants office will prevaricate,' says the New Voice, and we believe it is true. Then what good will be accomplishedŁby putting such good (?) men in office? "The simple fact is, goodness does not come byleg-islation. Righteousness is the gift of GOd. The law may keep a man from committing murder because he fears the penalty, but if he has a desire that would lead to the injury of life, God regards him as a murderer already. "Church membership and religious profession add nothing to the politician. This is true not only in individ - ual life, but in city life as well. The following statement taken from the Signs of the Times will give evidence on this point:Š "`One of the most "Christian" cities of this land is the "City of Brotherly Love;" but this is what Hon. John Wanamaker says, in the New York World, concerning it: "InPhiladelphia we have not had an honest election for many years, and the debauchery of the ballot has acquired the system and precision of a science. . . . This has not been the growth of a day or year, but has been perfected by a steady, systematic development of the most minute details of original ingenuity. The machine has educated its followers in election crime, rewarded them according to their prefection in fraudu-lent arts, and extolled and honored the leadership which best knew how to devise and avail, itself of corrupt prac-tises and protect and promote its debased fools and disciples." Is Philadelphia alone in this respect.' "Christian politics is very largely a mistaken idea. The true Christian will do right apart from all earthly laws. He is bound by a higher law than any earthly legislature can proclaimŠeven the law of his God. "God has ordained earthly rulers to judge between man and man, to see that the weak are not swallowed up by the strong. But he has never entrusted to Cmsar the work of converting men, or preparing them for heaven. "The Christian will walk humbly with his God in this world. The struggle for place and power does not disturb his peace, for God has promised that in the future (not now) he shall have power over the nations. Till then the child of God can safely leave his affairs in the hand of the divine Ruler who puts up and sets down whomsoever he will. Is THE day school the place for instruction in the primaiy truths of the Bible? Is not this in the Chris-tian home, first of all, and then in Sabbath schools pro-vided by the churches? In proportion as this solemn duty is given over to a teacher in the day school will the responsibility be transferred from them to whom it naturally belongs, and the result cannot, in the long run, be good. In Germany the Bible is a text book in the common schools, and it has not added to the rever-ence for the Book of Books to have it numbered with Grammar, Arithmetic, etc. Keep the teaching of the  Bible in the hands of those who regard its truths as higher and'grander than all others.ŠCanadian Baptist. Sunday Closing at the Paris Fair. OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE ON THE SUBJECT BETW BEN THE AMERICAN SABBATH UNION AND THE SECRETARY OF STATE. RECENTLY*We mentioned the fact that the American exhibit at the Paris World's Fair would, by order of the Government, at the solicitation of the American Sab-bath Union, be closed on Sundays. Since then the offi-cial correspondence on the subject has been given to the press by permission ,of the Secretary of State; and, naturally, it is found to be of an interesting nature. The following is the letter of the American Sabbath Union:Š "31 Bible House, New York, Feb. 7, 1900. "To the Hon. JOHN HAY, Secretary of State, Washing-ton, D. C. "Sir: In behalf of large numbers of our fellow-citi-zens, we respectfully ask that the representatives of our Government at the Paris Exposition this year be in-structed, in their official capacity, to pay that respect to the Sunday observance which is paid by our National and State Governments and which is in accordance with the laws and customs of the American people, by the closing of their bureaux and the suspension of official business on Sunday. "For precedents in the action thus asked, permit us to refer to the instructions given by the Department of State to the representatives of this country at the Inter-national Expositions at Paris in 1889, in 1881, and in 1878. "The question of Sunday rest, especially in its in-dustrial and social aspects, has claimed greatly in-creased attention on the continent of Europe within recent years, and by legislation and by the influence of public sentiment, large numbers of wage-earners have already been released from the slavery of uninterrupted toil. "This movement has been promoted by the example of this country. It is surely right that the action of our representatives abroad should be such as to give emphasis to this example. "By order of the committee, "Very respectfully, your obedient servant, "WM. W. HOPPIN, Chairman. "W. W. ATTERBURY, " "WM. S. HITBBELL, Secretaries.  To this the following reply was received:Š"Department of State, Washington, Feb. 17, 1900. "WM. W. HOPPIN, Esq., Chairman, New York Sabbath Committee, No. 31 Bible House, New York City. "Sir: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 7th,4nstant asking that,in accordance with the precedents set in 1878, 1881, and 1889, the repre-sentatives of this Government at the Paris Exposition this year be instructed, in their official capacity, to pay 