THE SEN'IIINIEL, OF ETBERTY. 601 of the State, organization-. Mrs. Balch is secretary of th'e Indiana organization, and her scheme had the appearance of having been aState movement. Every member of the central committee was present at the meeting, and Mrs. Balch presented her scheme. She was permitted to explain it in detail, and some heated speeches were made against the proposition. Mrs. Balch was the only one to vote in favor of it, and the vote decided that the W. C. T. U. would re-main out of politics." .4 Š4 THE Boston Herald reports that the city of Man-chester, N. HI, has prohibited within its limits the avocations of _palmists, card readers, and clairvoy-ants. " Some interesting questions," says the Herald, " will be raised, and it is more than likely that some of them will be settled in court to test the validity of the New Hampshire statutes." .4 .4 A LOUISIANA court has given a decision in the case of a girl seventeen years of age who was in-duced to enter a convent without the consent of her parents, who brought action for her recovery. The decision affirms that the girl is subject to the will of her parents, and can be restored to' them under habeas corpus proCeedings, even though she were willing and even anxious to remain in the convent, and was subjected to no restraint. .4 .4 LORD ROBERTS, the British commander in South Africa, has shown a disposition to make the occur-rence of the chief acts marking British success there fall when practicable upon important dates in Eng-lish history, and now he is said to have chosen July 4 as the date of his proclamation annexing the Trans-vaal, an event designed to mark the extinguishment of that republic. Does Lord Roberts believe it is time to give a different meaning to July 4? A BRANCH of the " Lord's Day Alliance," the Canadian organization for promoting Sunday legisla-tion, was recently organized in St. John, New Bruns-wick. It is, of course, composed mainly of clergy-men. The clergymen, a correspondent writes us,-have been showing their zeal for Sunday in various ways, one of which was the serving of a notice on the electric-car company to stop running their cars on Sunday. As it happened that this company also supplied the city and some of the churches with  light, the reply was made to the ministers that the-company would not discriminate between the run-ning of cars and the manufacturing of light, but that if the cars were stopped the entire plant would shut down, leaving-  city and churches in darkness. Upon learning this the ministers saw things in a different light, and the cars have continued on Sunday as usual. It is insisted by the members of the Alliance that the law enforcing the " Lord's day " is purely a civil regulation, and they declare that as such it must, be served on all alike. The Rev. Mr. Fotheringham (Pres-byterian), on being interrogated as to its effect upon observers of the seventh day, replied that the latter " must get out of the way." This states the real purpose 'for which the Sunday laws are now invoked Što get an opposing religion and its advocates " out of the way." .4  .4 THE latest news from the Philippines is such as leads Washington officials of the War Department to say they " would not be surprised-if the Government had trouble with the friars." The latter are reported to be inciting disturbance against the conditions im-posed_by American rule. .4 .4 THE -New York Christian Advocate gives this con-densed statement of the movement for negro disfran-chisement in the South as it now stands: " The negroes in North Carolina are to be de-prived of the right of suffrage. The constitutional amendment which was passed provides that no white man and no descendant of a white man who was en-titled to vote in 1867 needs to be able to read or write in order to be qualified to vote. No negro, however, can vote unless able to read and write any section of the Constitution, nor then unless he has paid a poll-tax. This is going on in all the Southern States, yet it is probable that the Federal Govern-ment will do nothing, though the strong presump-tion is that all such enactments are contrary to the Constitution of the United States as it now. is. The candidate of the party promoting this scheme as-sured his audiences that the amendment will not disfranchise a single white man, and the most illiter-ate will be allowed to register, even though not en-titled under the -provision popularly spoken of as'  the ' grandfather clause,' and that the most 'rigid'  educational tests will be applied to negro appli- cants." - The disfranchisement of the negro can tend only 