Tony man hear mg word% and beam not 1 judge him not. chest VOLUME 15. CHICAGO, AUGUST 16, 1900. NUMBER 32. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. (Continuing American Sentinel) Published weekly at 324 De.arborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, B1 INTERNATIONAL RELIGIO'--  g IBERTY ASSOCIATION. e4 ra  Entered at the Chicago Post 5 o a Second-Class Matter. Subscription price, 'clo $1.00 Ł 0 L. A.. SMITH, y 0. P. ANARCHY.  is the worst form of despotism. THE worst enemies of the state are those who use it as an engine of oppression. IT is no part of the legitimate business of the state to settle religious controversies. THE state is not the Creator of rights, neither has it any rightful power to abridge them. JESUS CHRIST was put to death as an enemy ofŁthe state, while in truth he was its best friend. THE worst anarchist is the man who, under the forms of civil law, overrides the principles of justice. THERE are two all-sufficient reasons why there should be no law requiring anybody to observe Sun-day by refraining from anything that might prop-erly be done on any other day. The first is, all such legislation is wrong in principle. _The second is, such laws foster a- vital error in Christian doctrine, since Sunday is not the Bible Sabbath. Tiw voice of the people is not the voice of God, therefore a government of the people cannot be a government of God. PHARISEEISM is indigenous to the human heart, and in no way is it more frequently manifested than in acts of intolerance. ONLY by voluntary choice can Sabbath-keeping become a part of anyone's nature. God does not write his law upon any heart by force. RIGHTS are inherent in men. They are independ-ent of everything on earth, This ,is, in effect, as-serted by the Declaration of Independence. A CATHOLIC POLITICAL PARTY FORMING. IN the New York Sun of July 30, we note the fol-lowing mention of a proposed "Catholic Federation " in the United States, which is to be " permanently organized soon: " " The project for the federation of the societies of Catholic laymen throughout the United States that is now being agitated has received the strong ap-proval of Mgr. Martinelli, the apostolic delegate at Washington. In a letter to John A. Kuster, of Co-lumbus, Ohio, one of the most earnest advocates of the scheme, Mgr. Martinelli says: Believing, as I naturally and sincerly do, that Catholic interests are well worth protecting and promoting for the welfare both of religion and of the civil society, and knowing the value of united effort for the protection of any interest, I do not fail to appreciate the importance and desirability of such a movement as you tell me has been inaugurated. If, however, it is absolutely necessary that any and every Catholic society, however humble, in order to have the approval and encouragement of the church, Editors. 