THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. ARTICLE "0  The object of this Society shall be to maintain ex-isting Christian features in the American Government; to promote needed reforms in the action of the Govern-ment touching the Sabbath, the institution of the Family, the religious element in Education, the Oath, and Public Morality as affected by the Liquor Traffic and other kindred evils; and to secure such an Amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and so indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our Government on an undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land.' "After reading this constitution law, can any one truthfully affirm that the aim of the Na-tional Reform Association is 'to place the laws, usages, and institutions of the Christian religion on an undeniable legal basis' ? It dis-tinctly specifies the Christian laws, usages, and institutions of our Government 'Šthese and no more. Between the statement of the SENTINEL, 'to place the laws, usages, and in-stitutions of the Christian religion on an un-deniable legal basis in the fundamental laws of the land,' and the one in the constitution of the National Reform Association, 'to place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our Government' on such a basis, there is a world-wide difference. The former em-braces all the doctrines, rules, and principles of Christianity; the latter only such moral laws of the Christian religion' as are neces-sarily involved in the practical administra-tion of our Government. The chief of these are mentioned in the constitution of the Asso-ciation, and the undeniable fact that the si-lence of the Constitution of the United States in this respect is used as an argument against all that is Christian in the usage and adminis-tration of our Government,' is asserted. The SENTINEL'S version of our aims and purposes is as wide of the mark as it possibly can be. To any such scheme as that attributed by the editors of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to the friends of National Reform, the latter aro as much opposed (and awhonestly) as are or can be the former. The AMERICAN SENTINEL, therefore, is wasting its ammunition, firing at a specter of its own creating, fighting a ghost of its own imagining. "As this-communication is already perhaps too long, I reserve, with your permission, fur-ther criticisms to a future-article. " ROBERT WRITE. "Steubenville, Ohio." We have no desire to- present a one-sided view, and shall always be glad to publish views of the other side when they are pre-sented in as temperate and candid a manner aw are the above. Indeed-this has- been our course from the first. Mr. White refers to several expressions which he has found in different numbers of the SENTINEL, and asks if we "-really think that this is an honorable mode-of warfare ?" Wo can answer that if the expressions had been used with no direct-or dependent con-nection, if they had been printed as a series of expletives with no explanation, we should net consider such to be an honorable mode of warfare. But when in every instance the ex-pressions are simply and only the logical de-duction from the propositions-of the National Reformers themselves, then we are prepared to say -without hesitancy that such is an hon-orable mode of warfare. It is..an honorable mode-of warfare to trace every proposition to its logical conclusion; and if sound logic demonstrates that while the professed object of National Reform is one thing, the real object is a totally different thing; if the logic of the thing shows that  it is subversive of the constitution; if not only logical conclusions, but their own words, show that the practice of persecution for conscience will be the outcome of the success of National Reformers; if sound logic develops casuistry and even Jesuitical casuistry; then we say that in all this there is nothing but an honor-able mode of warfare. Mr. White speaks of our "insinuations," &c. Now Webster's Unabridged says that to in- sinuate is "to hint; to suggest by remote al-lusion." So far as we know we have insinu-ated nothing. What we have had to say we have said openly and plainly. And if what we have saidAppears to him as "insinuations," then we should be glad for him to tell us how we can speak plainly and directly. We wish Mr. White had spent his time in showing that our reasoning is not logical, and that our expressions are not the plain state- ments of logical .conclusions from the proposi-tions of National Reformers, instead of com- plaining of the expressions themselves. If our reasoning is not sound, if our conclusions are not logical, it ought to be easy enough for the principals in the movement to show it. There are certainly enough professors, and Doctors of Divinity; and Doctors of Laws, pledged to National Reform, to furnish some one to point out wherein we have reasoned wrongly, or where we have missed the point in our arguments on the propositions of the National Reformers. Besides this, if in our arguments we have so constantly missed the point of National Reform, how does it happen that our efforts hurt the National Reformers so much ? If they are not hit, how does it happen that they are hurt? And if the real point of National Reform is missed, how does it happen that the National Reformers are hit? If the reader will look over the numbers of the SENTINEL, he will find copious extracts from the writings-of National Reformers. We have endeavored to represent them fairly, and in order to do this, have uniformly quoted their own language. If we have misconstrued the sentiments, the purpose, and the position of the National Reform Association, it can only have been because its advocates have not meant what they said. In, noticing the strictures of Mr. White, we shall simply re-quote a few statements made by National Re-formers. And here we would say that we have never yet used the expression " God-in-the-Constitution " party. We have referred to the National Reform Association as the "Religious Amendment party," and we think justly, although they may disclaim that dis-tinctive title. To show that this is so, we quote from a_speech made by Professor Blanch- ard in the National Reform Convention held in Pittsburg in 1874. He said:Š " Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights, and measures, and, of course, Congress establishes a standard for money, weight, and measure. So Congress must establish a stand-ard religion or admit anything called religion." In the same convention PreSident Brunot said:Š " The American people must say that the Bible is the word of God,, and that Christian-ity is the religion of this count-." In liar* 1884, Rev. J. M. Foster, writing  in the Christian Statesnian; concerning the model State, said:Š Ł "According to the Scriptures, the State and its sphere existed for the sake of and to serve the interests of the church." And again: "The expenses of the church in carrying on her aggressive work it meets in whole or in part out of the public treasury." Rev. R. M. Somerville, in the Christian Na-tion of July 14, 1886, declared that it is right to take public money to teach principles, en-force laws, and introduce customs 'to which many members of the community aro consci-entiously opposed. The National Reform Association has for its avowed object the securing of such an Amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States , as will indicate that this is a Christian Nation. And when that Amendment shall have been secured, Congress must, according to Pro-fessor Blanchard, establish a standard religion. If, then, the Amendment which they desire is not a Religious Amendment, language does not mean anything. Moreover, Christianity cannot be separated from religion, for it is re-ligion. A Christian man is a religious man, and a Christian nation must be a religious na-tion; therefore we say again, that if the Con-stitution is so amended that this Nation shall seem to be a Christian Nation, the Amend-ment which secures that object will be a Relig-ious Amendment, Although National Re-formers repudiate the title of " Religious Amendment party," their own writers pro-claim the fact that they do-want a religious test for citizenship. We do not see, therefore, how the emphatic declarations, made again and again by National Reformers, that they do not want a Religious Amendment to the Constitution, nor anything like a union of Church and State, can be-considered as any-thing else than a " blind," or a manifestation of Jesuitical casuistry. In view of the above quotations, we think we are justified in calling the National Re-formers the "Religious Amendment party." In fact, we always wince whenever we write " National Reformers " and " National Reform Association," for we cannot-regard-their move-ment as a reform in any particular. It is true . that many advocates of this movementare highly respectable and learned and pious, and we cannot believe that they realize what will be the result of their proposed Amendment. But we cannot allow that they are patriotic, even though theyare honest in their purposerfor patriotism seeks only the welfare of the coun-try, and the success of their movement would Ł be the greatest calamity which this Nation ever suffered. We are obliged, however, to discredit the piety of many who stand high in the National Reform counsels, and the rea-son for this will shortly appear. Now a few words concerning the consti-tution of the National Reform Association. According to that its idea is to place " all Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our Government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." If they pur-pose to follow the letter of their constitution, they might as well stop at once, for in our Government there are no Christian laws or in-stitutions. " Christian laws" are precepts 