AMERICAN SENTINEL, The Carping Pharisee. BY FRANCES E. BOLTON. WHEN Jesus was with us, 0 do ye not ken That it was not the common-place faction Of work-a-day women and work-a-day men That hindered his soul-loving action: But a carping, dry set of cold Pharisees, Who thought themselves wonderfully pious, Who looked on the Saviour with jealousy's eyes, And measured his life by their bias. One day as the Master came on through the corn, His disciples plucked corn grains to eat them, And the Pharisees drew down their visage in scorn, And with withering blame stopped to greet them. "Behold what your followers do on this day, It is something unquestionably awful; For to-day is the Sabbath, and we're zealous to say/ That their actions are wholly unlawful." And the Lord of the Sabbath who made it for man, Cut straight to the core of their sneering, And laid out before them God's merciful plan, That hindered their bold interfering. For the Sabbath was made for man's good from above, And his action to this was a witness, And he said, "If ye knew of God's mercy and love, Ye'd have never laid blame on the guiltless." And is the world rid of the cold pharisee? Or do we still hear the old carping? There is somebody making a dreadful tee dee And forever and evermore harping About what is lawful, and about what is not, And with eyes cruel-keen in inspection, All ready to see and to put in the stocks Any one that he thinks in defection. Whose day is the Lord's day? we humbly inquire. To whom must we yield or not yield it? If men obey not, tread it down in the mire, Who has given you the order to shield it? Let God guard his own; you give heed to his law, Lest there come upon you a disaster, And for ordering another man's servant, with awe You hear a rebuke from the Master. For God from Mount Sinai spake this true word, "The seventh day thou shalt keep holy;" But you've changed the true day, and your spirit is stirred 'Gainst those who obey and are lowly. Your tradition makes void God's commandment, as when The Saviour said, "Vain is your witness." Know more of God's mercy and love unto men, And you'll cease to lay blame on the guiltless. .•  .  4. THE Constitution of the United States, or any branch of the Government, national or state, cannot take cog-nizance of religious questions without taking sides with one or the other opposing parties which have raised such questions, and so denying the fundamental principle of republican government. Unconstitutional Character of Sunday Legislation. Speech delivered by Judge Arthur, late of the Supreme Court of Washing-ton, at a trial for violation of the Sunday law, at Centerville, Md. UNDER the laws of Maryland, you, gentlemen of the jury, are made the judge of both the law and fact in all criminal prosecution; hence in the case at bar it is your duty, first, to determine what is the law, and next, to say by your verdict whether the proven facts bring the defendants within its penalties. I shall claim your atten-tion while briefly presenting the law of the case, incident-ally alluding to the facts only where, and in so far, as it may be necessary to carry the argument, leaving their discussion chiefly to my colleague. If the act complained of has no direct tendency to demoralize society or disturb the good order of the State, or endanger its safety, or infringe upon the laws of mor-ality, or injure another in his natural, civil or religious rights, and is performed in the conscientious discharge of what the individual believes to be some divinely-im-posed duty, or in the exercise of some religious rite or ceremony, whether it be the performance of common labor on the first day of the week, or some other mani-festation of this religious conscientiousness, it is not a proper subject for legislative interference. I maintain this as a correct statement of a principle of American jurisprudence that will in time, in my judgment, prevail in every state of this Union, if civil and religious liberty are here to find their true exponents. I am aware the great weight of authority in this country is on the side of the proposition that legislation on the subject of Sunday observance and such like, is not an encroachment upon the constitutional rights of a citizen, but is a proper exercise by the legislature of its general police powers to preserve the health and promote the morals of the general public. Concede that the legislature has authority under such police power to enact laws restricting the right of a citizen to perform acts of common labor whenever and to whatever extent he wishes, whenever in its judgment such legislation becomes necessary to preserve the health or promote the morals of the community, still it does not follow that if common labor is performed upon the first, or any other day of the week in the discharge of a sacred duty, conscientiously believed to be divinely im-posed, and as an exercise of religious faith and worship, that such labor so performed should be comprehended by such enactment. It might come within the purview of such a law, but for its distinctive characteristic of being a religious practice, worship or homage, as vari-ously denominated in the different constitutions of the several states. To plead and show that the work per-formed is of such a character is a complete answer to any prosecution under this class of laws. It might be kept in mind, the right of a state legisla-ture to enact laws by virtue of its general police powers does not rest upon delegated authority, but upon its 