AMERICAN SENTINEL. 695 Two Ways of Reform. BY M. E. KELLOGG. EvEgy one who has read Longfellow's poem, "The Saga of King Olaf," has doubtless been amused, to say the least, at the descriptions of the missionary operations of Olaf the king. These efforts were warlike, and they were entirely in accord with the spirit of the church of Rome in that day. Two quotations, one from each of two poems, which are parts of the "Saga," show how missionary enter-prises were carried on at that time. After having de-scribed the killing of Iron Beard, the leader of the heathen, the poem continues:Š " King Olaf from the doorway spoke; Choose ye between two things, my folk, To be baptized or given up to slaughter. '" And seeing their leader stark and dead, The people with a murmur said, 0 king, baptize us with thy holy water. " So all the Drontheirn land became A Christian land in name and fame." Again, urged on by a bishop, King Olaf went on an-other "missionary" trip against a heathen pirate, whom he took prisoner. " Then said Olaf, 0 thou sea-king, Little time have we for speaking; Choose between the good and evil; Be baptized or thou shalt die." But this kind of preaching had little effect upon the heathen. Hence we read:Š " But in scorn the heathen scoffer Answered, I disdain. thine offer, Neither fear I God nor devil, Thee and thy gospel I defy." The "heathen scoffer" was then compelled to swallow .a venomous adder; and, as might be expected,Š " Then baptized they all that region, Swarthy Lapp and fair Norwegian,ŠFar as swims the salmon, leaping Up the streams of Salten's Fiord. " In their temples Thor and Odin Lay in dust and ashes trodden, As King Olaf onward sweeping, Preached the gospel with his sword." Preached with the sword ! We accuse Mohammed and Mohammedans of preaching that way, but a great deal that has passed for Christianity has been proclaimed in the same way. Many of Rome's victories were achieved in this manner. In this way greater apparent results could be achieved than in the slow,laborious, and difficult work of teaching the people and inculcating the principles of faith, sobriety, and honesty. Of Bonnivard, the great patriot of Switzerland, whom Byron has immortalized in his poem, "The Prisoner of 'Chinon," an historian has said: "He mistrusted the plan Rome had hit on of regenerating men in tribes and clans, and preferred to have it done individually."* And that is to say that he preferred to have it done after the true 'Christian and apostolic manner. At the present time there is a most persistent attempt " Historymf Protestantism," vol II, p. 241. being made to make this nation Christian by some change in our organic law. But who first devised the plan of making nations Christians in whole masses? Why, it was Rome who first conceived the idea of "regenerating men in tribes and clans;" and hence we are suffering just now from a revival of the spirit of Romanism, which, under a Protestant guise, is following in Rome's footsteps. Unquestionably Christ was thegreatestreformer that was ever upon this earth; and his apostles, following his methods, and imbued with his Spirit, carried the work forward. They labored to regenerate individuals, and they were eminently successful in their work. Was riot their way of reform a better way than the way introduced by Rome, which is now being advocated by certain would-be Protestant reformers? Sunday Closing and Temperance in England. BY E. J. WAGGONER. SPEAKING recently of the Sunday-closing bill, which is now the chief object of "temperance" zeal, the Bishop of Norwich, while favoring it, did not think that at present it is practicable, in that it is "one-sided and partial legis-lation," applying only to the poor, and leaving the rich free to drink as much as they please. He said, moreover, that his personal experience taught him that "no person would more heartily welcome a very great restriction on Sunday openingŠsay to quite a short period in the mid-dle of the dayŠthan the great bulk of honest and right-thinking publicans themselves." But nobody ever yet heard of a publican of any kind who was in favor of a diminution in the drink traffic, any more than of a clothing merchant who was in favor of 'people wearing less clothing and a less expensive sort. So the very fact that publicans can be cited as favoring the Sunday closing of public houses, shows that it is in no sense whatever a temperance measure. Instead of being a temperance measure, the Sunday-closing effort is in reality an attempt to build up Sunday observance at the expense of temperance reform. The whole tendency of the agitation is to teach people that there is nothing inherently wrong in the liquor traffic, but that the evil consists in carrying it on on Sundays. To illustrate: A mother sees her little boy playing ball on Sunday, and being a devout Sunday observer, says, "John, you must not play ball to-day; it is Sunday." John understands perfectly well that his mother has na objection to ball-playing in itself, but only to Sunday play. But suppose John were worrying a kitten, and his mother should say, "You ought not to worry that kit-ten to-day, my boy, it is Sunday;" could he think any-thing else than that it was perfectly allowable to worry kittens on other days than Sunday? It may be urged that if the public can be educated up to the point of accepting the restriction of the liquor 