520 AMERICAN SENTINEL. that an unseen intelligence existed who spoke through the medium and revealed facts which could not have been known to the public nor by any possibility have come to the knowledge of the medium through what is known as "mind-reading." The conclusion was, naturally, that an invisible intelligence did exist which was the disem-bodied soul of the dead person from whom the commu-nication purported to come. The London Society for Psychical Research challenges any one to show that there was in these manifestations any possible room for fraud. Such statements coming from a source of recognized authority in the scientific world, warrant the conclusion that the time is not far distant when the voice of "science" will speak distinctly in confirmation of the claim that the soul of man is immortal. "Science" will join with the-ology in proclaiming this thigma as the truth. Then whoever does not accept it as such will be under the ban not only of theology, but of "science" itself. He will be set down as an ignorant and unreasonable person. The point especially to be noted in all this is that "science" is incapable of correctly solving the problem presented by spiritual manifestations Such problems do not lie beyond the range of true science, but true sci-ence extends far beyond the range of the powers of the human mind. Science, as defined by the human mind, and by that only, confirms the theological dogma of the immortality of the soul; but as defined by a higher Mind it teaches exactly the contrary. When science, as known to man apart from the Word of God, has fully investi-gated the phenomena which Spiritualism presents, when it has proceeded as far as it can go, it is obliged to pro-nounce the claims of Spiritualism to be true. And in this it leads man into a most positive and dangerous un-truth; for the claim of natural immortality is an untruth, and is plainly pointed out as such in the Text Book of the highest science of which man can have any knowl-edge. And that is a science which deals with spiritual problems and with interests the highest that can pertain to man's existence. That Text Book plainly states that "The dead know not anything;" that "The dead praise not the Lord;" that the thoughts of man perish at his death. Eccl. 9:5; Ps. 146:4, etc. It declares that God only "hath immor-tality." The highest science is the science of salvation, set forth in the Word of Omniscience. That which is opposed to the science of salvation is "science falsely so called;" and such is the "science" which would teach the dogma of soul immortality. It is high time that people every-where should recognize that salvation is science; that the statements of the Word of God are true science, and that true science has spoken unequivocally against the widespread but pagan doctrine of the soul's conscious-ness after death. "Christian Science" in Its Horne. THERE is a good deal in a name, in spite of Shakes-peare's question, especially when it is used to designate a thing with which we are not familiar. An assumed name is usually deemed a necessary part of a criminal's disguise. "Christian science" would no doubt have less attraction for minds in this country were it known as Hindu philosophy, which according to the well-known lecturer and authority on Hinduism, Pundita Ramabai, it really is. In a recent lecture she spoke of "Christian science" and of its fruits as she knew them in India, and what she said of it ought to be read and pondered by every person who is at all inclined to be drawn away in the line of its teachings. It is this:Š "I can tell you I have sounded the depths of that philosophy, and what did I find? I will give you an idea in my own language. It means just this:Š "You are to take the whole universe as nothing but falsehood. You are to think that it does not exist. You do not exist. I do not exist. When you realize that, that is philosophy, Can you realize it ? There was once upon a time a great being called Brahma, and that person was no person at all, but something like air, full of joy and knowledge. Can you think of air as being full of joy and knowledge? I cannot understand it—, but philosophy tells you that you have to believe that this being, full of joy and knowledge, without any personality, existed once upon a time. That being had no mind. It did not want to say anything or have anything near it, and therefore, of course, it did not understand anything. Then there came another being just like himself, and that being was nothing but dark-ness. It was all falsehood. Now this air united with that darkness and assumed personality. It became male and female, and as that person has formed all things, the logical inference is that everything is falsehood. The birds and beasts that you see do not exist. You do not exist. When you realize that you have no personality whatever, you have no life, no knowledge, nothing, then you have attained the highest perfection of what is called `yoga,' and that gives you liberation and you are liber-ated from your body, and you become like him, without any personality. You draw on the blackboard zero, plus zero, minus zero, multiplied by zero, divided by zero, and it equals zero. It is just that and nothing more. "And what has that philosophy done for the people of India? A tree is judged by its fruits. An apple tree cannot bring forth a pear, but it will bring forth its own kind. The grandeur and beauty of that philosophy must be judged by its fruit. You are a people of some feeling. Everything is real. You feel that when other people are starving, you ought to give them something to eat, but out in India they do not feel that. Men do not feel any sympathy for others. They do not feel for people who are starving or being killed in war. In our late famine our philosophers felt no compassion for sufferers and did not help the needy. For why should they help when they claimed the suffering was not real, neither were the dying children real. The first result then of the philoso-phy is the basest cruelty and selfishness; no compassion for sufferers, and supreme egoism. . "To study Hindu philosophy it is best to visit India 1.-Ir Ł -4 -4 RESTRAINT is not rest. 