380 THE SENTINEL OE LIBERTY. Soldiers and statesmen have long been expecting a war that would involve practically all of Europe, and that would be more terribly destructive than any war the world has yet seen. It would seem impossi-ble that this long anticipated war can be averted many years longer. As pointed out by the Czar when he invited the several governments to participate in the Hague Peace Congress, the nations are now burdened beyond endurance by war revenues in time of peace. Sooner or later some nation,- or combination of na-tions, will precipitate a conflict in the hope of a re-adjustment that will give relief from the present expen-sive peace, maintained as it is by immense standing armies and by proportionally large and not less costly navies. Nor can this conflict, when it comes, be confined to Europe. The world is not so large as it used to be. Steam and electricity have brought once widely sepa-rated nations into close proximity. Even the United States is likely to be involved in the impending con-flict. As a nation we have departed in a measure from the time-honored tradition of the fathers that forbade any entangling alliance; besides the government now has interests in the far East that must be protected. The "danger signs" are to be seen everywhere. B. Can China be Dismembered? "It has apparently been taken for granted since the Japanese-Chinese war that China is to be partitioned among the European powers", says the Evening News of the ittth inst. "Every step since taken, every ag-gression or concession, has pointed to this ultimate solution of the Chinese question. Scarcely has any one questioned whether this is possible. The only problem seemed to be as to how this partition of the most populous empire of the world could be satisfac-torily accomplished. "But events in China the last few weeks have al-ready suggested to more than one thoughful Euro-pean observer the difficulties that lie in the way of the execution of this scheme. The Paris Soleil, for in-stance, as quoted in the special cable to The Daily News yesterday says : 'France has every reason to defend China's integrity. The idea of the dismem-berment of China is one of the most extravagant no-tions that ever entered the human brain.' "Is the notion extravagant? Think it over a few minutes and reflect what Japan, a pygmy nation com-pared with China, has been able to do within the past quarter of a century, and then think of what China might do, once it, like Japan, should be thoroughly wakened up. Its swarming millions could overrun the world once they were imbued with modern progress  and the desire of conquest. Those who assume that China will submit like another India may be basing their conclusions upon false premises. The question as to what China may do if it awakes is a legitimate one and may soon disturb diplomats now dreaming of its dismemberment." It seems to be improbable that the Chinese them-selves will be able to offer any very serious resistance to the partition of the empire; but it is doubtful if the Powers can agree among themselves as to just how it shall be divided. Sunday Laws and the Aristocracy. The following from the Haverhill (Mass.) Gazette illustrates how Sunday laws, as enforced in most places, discriminate between the rich people and those upon whom fortune has not conferred the privileges of the aristocracy. A reader of the Gazette sends to it this communication touching Sunday law enforce-ment in the neighboring town of Riverside : "I noticed in your issue of Tuesday evening that the city marshal, accompanied by one of our aldermen, went on the warpath last Sunday and almost scared the life out of a crowd of boys who were playing ball in the pasture over on Silver hill. "Of course these ungodly boys ought by rights to go to church or Sunday school Sundays, but if they won't do that and must have some amusement Sun-days, they might come down here to Riverside and enjoy with us the play of our local golf club. I say "our club," but, bless you, we don't any of us belong to it. We could not get in. It is made up of the real 'toney,' blue stocking, highest `sassiety-' of the town. About every fair Sunday for the past two years they have favored us with exhibitions of their skill as play-ers, their good clothes and their fine turnouts, and I tell you we appreciate it highly. "Regard for the Sabbath law, did I hear you say? Perish the thought ! Such things are all right for wicked, ungodly boys, playing common base ball, but our golf club, selected from Haverhill's 400! The idea! Let the city fathers build some seats along the banks of the river where they can see the game, and send the boys down and let Marshal McLaughlin and Officer Bullock come with them. The club won't ob-ject to their looking on if they don't come too near." Christianity makes no discrimination between rich and poor, but respects every right of the poor man equally with that of his wealthy neighbor. The "four hundred" have a right to play golf on Sunday or any day of the week, and the lovers of baseball have an equal right to indulge in that diversion, limited therein only by the obligations which lawfully restrict conduct on any day of the week. Sunday observing people have a right to their religious opinions, and should be respected in their practice of the same ; but opinions do not outweigh rights. Labor or recreation is a right 