302 THE SENTINEL OF LIBEIRTY. Kahn, Reinach, Scheurer-Kestner, Picquart, Zola, Brisson, Yves Guyot, Jaures, Clemenceau, Monod, and Ranc, because they have organized the Dreyfus con-spiracy?,I confess openly that I would have no hesi-tancy to vote for the death of this Reinach, etc., and such pastors as Monod, etc." The Protestants are alarmed and are agitating counter movements. The most promising agent in this regard is the "Commission d'action protestante evangelique," appointed at the great "Fraternal Con-ference" of Protestants, held in Lyons in November of last year. In the meanwhile the Protestant cause, according to the Christliche Welt, is progressing in the country as never before for centuries. An interesting account of this movement is furnished by the well-known au-thor and lawyer,' Eugene Reveilland, in a series of "Los von Rom" ("Away from Rome") pamphlets in Munich. There are at present two homes for priests who have joined the Protestant church, and the organ of this movement among the younger Catholic clergy, Le Chretien Francais (The French Christian), is now ap-pearing as a weekly, side by side with a monthly called Le Pretre Converte (The Converted Priest). The editor of the former journal, the Abbe Bourirer, was recently compelled to appeal to the law for protection against attacks in public.ŠThe Literary Digest. "The Michigan Christian Advocate" seems to think that the United States ought to compel Turkey by force of arms to pay the "indemnity for missionary losses." The "Advocate" says : "One thing is pretty certain, if no pressure is brought to bear upon Turkey, the indemnity will not be paid very soon. His policy is to procrastinate, and nothing but a show of force will bring him to terms. It is not the amount of the indemnity claimed, and which the porte has promised to pay, that is so im-portant. If that were all, no one would advise war Tor a mere $90,000. But it is the principle involved. If Turkey is not brought to time now, there will be no security for American missionaries in Turkey here-after." The slang expression "brought to time" is quite in keeping with the spirit that would invoke force in the interests of the gospel of the Prince of Peace. Better a thousand times that every bit of mission property in Turkey should be destroyed, and every missionary be expelled from the country than that this or any other so-called Christian nation should declare war to secure the interests of Christian missions. The gospel com-mission is still in force,as is likewise the promise of the One who gave it ; and if those who minister in his name would only rely more upon his power and less on earthly powers, Christianity would not be so misunder-stood as it is in-Mohammedan and pagan lands to-day. Much of the trouble that missionaries have in foreign lands is because they will not let liolitical affairs alone. ha  Religious t is W Liberty? goya'Srie.i* THE importance of a correct understanding of this question, and the principles govern-ing the true relation and attitude of the church and state can not be overestimated. Jefferson says, " The spirit of these times may alter, will alter," and it must be apparent to all that religious legislation is rapidly gain-ing favor in the public mind, and is embed-ding itself in the fundamental law of the land in defiance of the Constitution and all Ameri-can Institutions. The Religious Liberty Library Nos. 1 to 26 will answer the many questions arising in your mind on the subject of church and state. They are substantially bound in cloth, in three volumes; price for the set, $1.25, postpaid. Address THE REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING CO., Battle Creek, Mich. THE LEGAL SUNDAY By the late JPIMLS T. RINGGOLD of the Baltimore Bar This is one of the most faithful and interesting histories of the American Sabbath ever written. 256 pages. Enameled covers. Price 25 cents. butniatioual Religious Dimly *en. 32 Daiboik Stied, - Obicatio; in. 