AUGUST 15, 1895. 255 anybody to keep the seventh day, but they would respectfully point out the command of God regarding the observance of the seventh day as the Sabbath. The manner in which the seventh day was to be kept holy was here very clearly definedŠit was making a dis-tinction between the six working days and the seventh day. They further held that when the State made any demand touching religion, a man as a Christian was bound to disregard such laws, but he was bound to submit to the powers that be in regard to any consequences that might follow. Another reason for pro-testing against Sunday legislation was that they believed that such laws were wrong in principle, and if Parliament placed such laws upon the statute book, they, as Christians, could not but regard them as religious laws, and therefore wrong in principle. Legislation against indecency and incivility did not affect them, because, as Christian citizens, they did all in their power to discountenance such things on every day of the week, but with regard to legislation as to Sunday ob-servance they protested most strongly. In the event of the passing of such a law the only possible course left open to them as Christian citizens would be to obey God rather than men, and in consequence to suffer as did the three Hebrew worthies under similar circum-stances. They would ask the government to reconsider the answer given to the deputation which waited upon them recently with regard to Sunday observance. MORE PRESS COMMENTS CONCERNING RELI-GIOUS PERSECUTION IN TENNESSEE. Complimentary. [From the Republican, Wanseon, 0., July 10.] THAT able journal, the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL, has a complimentary editorial of the Baptists, who protest against the religious persecutions in Georgia and elsewhere, and concludes as follows:Š " This action does honor to the Baptist name, and shows that the spirit of soul-liberty still lives in the Baptist Church." Little Christianity in the World. [From the Northwest American, Sioux City, Ia., July 11.] PERSECUTION of Seventh-day Adventists still continues in the South. Such work as this is almost enough to cause a thinking man to believe that there is little Christianity in this world. They are not allowed the consti-tutional right to "worship God according to the dictates of their own conscience." If the Southern Sthtes hope to encourage emigration to the sunny South, they are pursuing a very poor course. Northern people are too tolerant and broad-mindedŠgenerally speakingŠto sanction anything of the kind, and will be slow about emigrating to a land There religious freedom is not tolerated. A complete separa-tion of Church and State is inevitable. An Outrage and a Disgrace. [From Clinton (Mass.) Daily Item, July 19.] THIS country is called a land of religious liberty. The Pilgrims sought a new home at Plymouth Rock that they might worship God according to the dictates of their conscience, but there are to-day in the chain-gang at work on the pulic highways in Tennessee eight re-putable men, their - only offenses being that  they set apart and keep Saturday as a day of sacred rest and worship, believing it to be the " Lord's day." Any law that causes the ar-rest and imprisonment of Christian men be-cause they conscientiously set apart any par-ticular day in the week to rest from their labors and worship God, is an outrage and a disgrace upon the civilization and intelligence of America. Ought to Exercise Discretion. [From the Times-Star, Cincinnati, July 16.] THE arrest, conviction and punishment of those conscientious Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee is a monstrous form of legalized persecution, a twin sister to that barbarous institution which the civil war abolished from that State more than thirty years ago. It is a part of their religion to literally interpret the Bible and observe the seventh rather than the first day of the week. There ought to be intelligence enough in the courts and court officers of Tennessee to exercise a little discre-tion, so far as the execution of the law in regard to the observance of Sunday is con-cerned. A Disgrao a to the State. [From the Ligonier (Ind.) Banner, July 18.] IT is a disgrace to the State of Tennessee that it still persecutes the Seventh-day Ad-ventists and other religionists who obey their consciences by keeping holy the Sabbath or seventh day of the week, and pursuing their ordinary vocations on Sunday. A long list of new indictments have been returned by the grand jury of Rhea County, and the Advent-ists who had kept the biblical Sabbath and worked on Sunday have been tried and in some cases convicted and sentenced to fine and imprisonment. They had only obeyed what they believed to be the law of God, as revealed in the commandment of rest on the seventh day, and for this they are punished as crim-inals! Yet Tennessee is one of the States in the Union, and this is near the close of the nineteenth century. It is a Disgrace. [From the Mirror, Brocton, N. Y., July 24.] IN Rhea County, East Tennessee, is a col-ony of Seventh-day Adventists. A few weeks ago eight of them were put on trial for dese-crating Sunday, convicted and fined. Al-though abundantly able to pay their fines they refused so to do and were sent to jail on work-house mittimuses to work out their sentences on the county roads. One day last week they were put to work with the county convicts. The leader of the band is E. R. Gillet, a na-tive of Batavia, N. Y., and who is nearly sev-enty years of age. He volunteered in the civil war and served three years. These men are persecuted for opinion's sake. They are just as sincere in their religious convictions as any other sect can be, and they observe some other day than the so-called sabbath with as much reverence as others keep that day. It is a dis-grace to any State to persecute such people for their religious views, and if the old veteran Gillett is a G. A. R. man, that body should demand his immediate release, and the State of Tennessee should see to it that his co-reli-gionists are also liberated. Will man ever be willing to accord to his neighbor every reli-gious and political right that is as much his as the free air of heaven? A VOICE FROM THE CHAIN-GANG. Spring City, Tenn., August 9, 1895. EDITOR SENTINEL: In the last issue of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, the Rev. Chas. D. Blaker, pastor of the Baptist Church at Camby, Minn., asks if you know of any Bap-tists who have appeared as the persecutors of the Seventh-day Adventists who are now suf-fering persecution for conscience' sake. For one I wish to respond, and will give the facts in the case. I am now working in the chain-gang at Spring City, Tenn., on the public roads with seven others of my brethren, who have of-fended the peace and dignity of the State and the conscience of our neighbors by peaceably and quietly going about our work on Sunday as on other days of the week. My offense was unloading a wheelbarrow from my wagon and setting it over the fence of the one from whom I had borrowed it, he being also an Ad ventist. The man who witnessed the awful act lives on the opposite side of the road, arid is a dea-con of the Baptist Church. The next day I.  was indicted by the grand jury, as the court was then in session. I am now paying the penalty at hard work in the chain-gang for sixty days, because I disturbed the conscience of this deacon of the Baptist Church by un-loading that wheelbarrow on Sunday. I have no right to judge the man, but I am led to inquire why I am arrested for doing what I did, while the son of this same deacon goes fishing on Sunday? also his other chil-dren picked strawberries every Sunday through the season, and are now gathering peaches on Sunday for wages, and still his conscience is not disturbed; and that, too, since I was arrested; and this Baptist father is not dis-turbed, at least I hear of no arrests being made. It is not possible that the deacon could fall from grace so soon, even if he believed in the doctrine. I was a member of and preacher in the Baptist Church before I became a Sev-enth-day Adventist, and knowing their prin-ciples then, and what they have suffered in the past for conscience' sake, I least expected a Baptist brother to appear as my persecutor. This action impresses on my mind the fact that my Baptist brethren have backslidden on the principles of religious liberty which were once so dear to them. BYRD TERRY. Ł THAT the the spirit of religious liberty is by no means dead in America, is proven by the atti-tude of the press of the country toward reli-gious persecution in Tennessee. We have received at this office hundreds of marked copies of papers, denouncing in vigorous terms the action of the authorities in Rhea County; and we are satisfied that we have seen com-paratively few of the papers that have com-mented upon it. Occasionally we find a paper that defends the persecution, but the over-whelming majority denounce it in fitting terms. We are publishing extracts from the opinions expressed, as rapidly as our space will permit; and are keeping a list of the papers that make mention of it which we shall publish shortly. POLITICAL liberty consists in the power of doing whatever does not injure another. The exercise of the natural rights of every man has no other limits than those which are neces-sary to secure to every other man the free exercise of the same rights.ŠDeclaration of the Rights of Man by the National Assembly of France. 