202 ' AMERICAN Ł SENTINEL: problems of free trade and protection, the proposition nhay be safely laid down that the less the United States has to do with Canada in any Way the better it will be for the United States, if for no other reason because reli-gion, which every right-minded American citizen is anx-ious to keep out of our politics as far as possibleŠboth for the sake of politics and for the sake of religion, be it understoodŠthis religion is the very key-note of Cana-dian politics, and for a certain reason, cannot be elim-inated therefrom without some drastic measure, which will not, in the nature of things, be taken for many years, if, indeed, it ever will be taken. THIS reason is, that when France was compelled to cede Canada to England, she stipulated in the treaty of cession that the rights and properties of the Catholic Church, as they existed at the time, should never be dis-turbed. It is a settled principle of what is called "Inter-national Law" that sovereign nations will disregard treaty stipulations whenever, in their judgment, their own interests require that they should do so. The only remedy the other parties to the treaty have, is to thrash the violator into a different opinion on this point. There is, therefore, no reason to doubt that England will repudiate her obligations in this regard, should she deem it adVisable, in any emergency. But, meantime, there exists in Canada an established church, supported by civil taxation, active at all times in all political move-ments, now controlling, now influencing, now strenu-ously opposing governmental action, ordering voters as if they were horses to go in this direction or that, to stop, to moVe, to back, at its own sweet will. * BETWEEN a country thus biased in its public courseŠand whether the bias is for good or for evil is no matter to usŠand this free United States of ours, there is a great gulf fixed. The traces of the union of Church and State, still-  left among us are enough for us to fight. Haply, we may, never root them out of our institutions, but, at any rate, we want just as little as possible to do with a country wherein religion is a recognized factor in political life, which nobody seems seriously disposed to eliminate, THE Christian Statesman of March 20 makes this reference to the general "celebration" in Washington, D. C., the evening of the inauguration ball:Š "A number of visitors, whose accounts are now being published, tell of terrible scenes of dissipation in many parts of the city. . . Hotels fitted up extra bar-rooms, and doubled and more than doubled their force of bar-tenders. And as the night wore on, under cover of its darkness the drunken and licentious orgies were of the most infamous character. A number of congressmen were among the worst of those who made the night hid-eous with their shameful rowdyism. Such occasions prove the depth of our corruption as a nation, How  much need is there to throw the salt of Christianity into the polluted mass l" Why, we thought from the Statesman's standpoint, indicated by repeated assertions, that this nation is a "Christian nation," and has been so fur a long time, at least since the Supreme Court decision to that effect in 1892. Does the Statesman mean that it is a corrupt Christian nation, so polluted that it urgently needs the " salt " of Christianity to counteract the process of decay?. What kind of " Christianity " is it that needs to be sprinkled with the " salt " of Christianity ? The Scripture says that Christians are the "salt of the earth." Matt. 5 :13. And the Scripture is true. As salt is-sprinkled in a dish of foodŠa minute quantity in comparison with the mass that is seasonedŠso is Chris-tianity in the earth and in the nation. It is but a sprinkling among the people. 1 -0 Is She the Friend of Temperance ? THE Union Signal of March 25 makes the obser-vation that " the Catholic church and the archdiOcese of Boston, by the voice of the clergy, has announced itself the uncompromising friend of temperance." The evi-dence of this seems to be that "one hundred and seventy priestS, headed by the venerable Archbishop Williams, was sent to the legislature of Massachusetts asking that such laws be enacted as will prevent the sale of intoxi-cating liquors in any public park within the common-wealth." "It is," says the Signal, "declared by those who know the animus of the movement that 'the great un-derlying purpose which these promoters of temperance desire to accentuate by every possible and honorable means in their power, is to manifest the attitude of the Catholic clergy on the liquor question in general, and to disabuse the minds of those who have misunderstood the spirit of the church on this matter.' We are as willing as any others to believe that the Catholic church is the "uncompromising friend of tem-perance," if such a belief can be based upon good evi-dence, But the evidence which comes to our view does not point that way. The decree promulgated on the subject by the American Catholic bishops at their last session does not forbid communicants from engaging in the liquor traffic, but warns them to "consider seriously the many and great dangers and occasions for sin with which their business is surrounded," and provides that "Should they not abandon the traffic, they must do all in their power to remove the occasion of sin from them-selves as well as from selling liquor to minors, or to those who they see will abuse it." They are to "keep their shops closed on Sundays, and at no time allow on their premises the use of filthy or profane language," etc-Thus they are to be careful not to bring "the cause of religion " " into dishonor." The saloon business in itself is not therefore, viewed by 