THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 323 Men may disbelieve it, but they can not deny it; they may reject it, but they can not disprove it. Many would not believe it and said it would never come. We knew it and published that it would come. Now it has come. It is here. And this demonstrates unmistakably that we were right and they were wrong. To all these we now say, Come now and stand with us that you may be in the right now on this great question. And there are other things yet to come of this which has come, which are to be told and we are going to tell these things as we have told the others; for they are true.. A. T. J. Some Fallacies Exposed. THE Michigan Christian Advocate of September 10, notes the fact that on the previous Sunday a Freethought Federa-tion was formed in Chicago, and says It claims to have as an object the prevention of any interference by the Church with the State. So far as Protestant churches are concerned the new organization need not be anxious. None of them want to be in any entangling alliance with the civil government. As churches they ask no spe-cial favors, and as organizations they do not intend to meddle with political affairs. The members of these churches as citizens will insist on religious ministrations being provided by the Government for those in its service, such as soldiers, sailors and legislators who wish such ministrations. To deny them would be cruel. These citizens will also claim that it is only decently humane in the State to furnish a chaplain who will be the sympathizing and helpful friend of prisoners in our peniten-tiaries. And they will claim also, what long experi-ence has shown to be true, that toiling mortals need a weekly day of rest. As the majority of people have special reasons for selecting a specific day of the week as this rest day, it is simple com-mon sense they will assert on the part of legislators when ordaining a rest day to choose this day of the week. As a civil institution for the present wel-fare of the people, these Christian citizens will in-sist on this rest day, and all free thinkers may rave against it to their hearts' content. THE SENTINEL has little in common with so-called "Freethinkers." We re-gard all, forms of infidelity as something to be avoided, deplored, and opposed by all proper means. But we maintain that the " Freethinker " is responsible alone to God for his belief, and that he has just the same right to be an infidel that we have to be Christians. NO ;;ISCRIMINATION PROPER. We further maintain that the State has no right to make any difference whatever between the Christian and the " Free-thinker," or between the doctrines of the one and the doctrines of the other. There is no more reason why the State should supply chaplains to teach Christianity than there is that it should supply chap-lains to inculcate " free thought." It has just as good a right to take the public money for one purpose as for the other. It should do neither. It is a fact that State-paid chaplains are ornamental rather than useful; and those prisons, army posts, and charitable institutions that are without such chaplains are much better served by volunteer missionaries than are those that have regular chaplains. The reason for this is not far to seek; as a rule the regular chaplain is appointed not because of his piety but because of his political "pull;" while on the other hand the volunteer Christian missionary en-gages in the work from love of the truth which he teaches and from a burning de-sire to do good and to save souls. There is absolutely no good reason for State- supported chaplains, but very many rea-sons why there should be no such thing. But for a fuller discussion of the ques-tion of employment of chaplains, we would respectfully refer the Advocate to a very able sermon on the subject by a Baptist clergyman, published in the Wash-ington Post of August 25, 1890. Notwithstanding the Advocate's denial, there is danger to be feared from the Protestant churches; indeed that is just the source from which danger threatens. The Protestant churches are asking spe-cial favors as churches. They have, as churches, not only asked governmental recognition of religious institutions but they have demanded such recognition, and have boasted that " the Christian churches can have anything they want." WEEKLY REST NOT NECESSARY. That a Sabbath properly used is a good thing none can deny who believe that God adapted everything to the wants of his creatures ; but that physical rest is the prime object of the Sabbath and that it is a physical necessity to have a stated day of rest is not true and has never been demonstrated. On the contrary it has been demonstrated that there is no truth in the assumptionŠfor it is simply as- sumptionŠthat men must have a regular period of rest every seven days. Less than two years since the following appeared in the Christian Statesman:Š Attention is being called to the comparative longevity of the Jews. Thus, it is said that in Polish Russia, in a population of ten thousand, three Christians die for every two Jews, and that in Austria the proportion is about the same. In Saxony, one Jew in fifty-one and one Christian in thirty-three expresses the comparative death rate. At Frankfort, fifty-four per cent. of the Jews reach their seventieth year, against thirty-eight per cent. of the Christians. In Hungary, the chance of life among the Croats is put at twenty years, the Germans at twenty-seven, and the Jews at forty-six. This item furnishes a complete refuta-tion of the standard argument for the so-called "civil Sabbath." We are told that a weekly day of rest is absolutely essential to the health of the people, and that in order for a part of the people to rest all must rest; and that as all will not rest without a law compelling them to do so, a Sunday law is a physical necessity. This claim has been urged so long and so confidently that many accept it without question; but that it is not true is shown by Hebrew vital statistics everywhere It will of course be urged that the Jews observe a regular weekly rest, and that this is one reason for the low death rate among them. But what then becomes of the assertion that the necessary rest can not be obtained unless all rest upon the same day ? Clearly, it falls to the ground ; for so far as the Jews do rest in the man-ner insisted upon by the Sunday-law ad-vocates as a physical necessity, they rest upon a day when those around them are engaged in the ordinary pursuits of life; thus utterly refuting the contention of the American Sabbath Union that all must rest or none can. And not only do the Jews disprove the assertion that needful rest can not be taken by a part of the people while the other part are at work, but the facts quoted from the Statesman also discredit the claim, so confidently made by some, that a stated weekly rest is a physical ne-cessity; for it is a well known fact that very many Jews, yielding to the greed of gain, keep no day, but do business seven days each week. TESTIMONY OF BISHOP ANDREWS. Nor are the Jews the only living wit-nesses against the assumption that a reg-ular weekly rest-day is a physical neces-sity of mankind. March 11, 1890, the writer heard Bishop Andrews, of the Methodist Episcopal Church, who had just returned from China, say that " in that country they have no Sabbath; yet laboring men live to be very old." He said that he did not understand it, but that it was a fact. The Bishop made this statement on the platform of a meeting held under the auspices of the American Sabbath Union, and he had no intention of discrediting the physical-necessity ar-gument; but facts have always been un-kind to falsehood, and so the blow was none the less deadly because given by a friendly hand. All this goes to show that the Advocate and all others who plead for what they are pleased to call a civil Sabbath " are only seeking to conceal their real purpose, which is to secure the enforcement of a religious dogma by civil law. C. P. B. ŁoŁ  Limitations to Majority Rule. THE September number of the Tidens Strom, Copenhagen, has an article on " State Authority" which though general in its terms, and written entirely without reference to the United States, or even to republican government, is specially ap-plicable to this country because of its in-telligent discussion of the political dogma that the majority has an absolute right over the minority. After showing that the "divine right" which formerly attached, in the minds of the people to the king, has in the popular thought been transferred to the law, the writer of the article in question says: "Is the minority obliged to obey the majority? Is not the demand as absurd as that which would compel one to obey another, be-cause the latter was two inches taller than the former ? If the majority rule in everything, then freedom has come to an end, a man becomes a slave and ceases to be a free citizen." To many Americans this will be a start-ling proposition; but in the light of the following illustration, given in Tidens Strom, all must admit its absolute truth : Suppose a number of people organize a circulat-ing library. From the start the majority of sub-scribers rule through and by the directors. It seems the most natural way, for it has become cus-tom. Some day the majority votes to sell the library and use the proceeds to pay their fares to, the Congo State. Must the minority acquiesce in such a proceeding ? Can it thus be deprived of its property? Has it not a right to demand to be paid back its money, etc.? When the minority agreed to be ruled by the majority it meant that that au-thority related to all main questions for the good of the library, and no further. An emigration to the Congo is not for the good of the library. The minority rightly considers itself robbed of its money. But that no State is ever formed in this way is admitted. The individual is born a member of the State and no agreement is ever made. But does this change the principle ? Does it alienate from the in-dividual any natural right ? Does it jus-tify the State in taking from him any liberty which he might properly insist upon were a compact really entered into ? To answer questions similar to these, the article under consideration says :Š As we can not live without order and government, and do not want to relapse into barbarism, let us 