626 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY.- against God, for it is his law that is `violated, and it is He who " shall bring every work into judgment, with every secret thing, whether it be good or whether it be evil." God is the only moral governor. To him, and to him alone, every soul is morally responsible. In the very nature of things this could not be otherwise, because to permit any power whatever to come be-tween the soul and God would be to destroy indi-vidual responsibility to God. But man is a social as well as a moral being, and as such he is endowed with ".certain unalienable rights." To him God has committed the preserva-tion of these rights by means of civil government. This truth is thus expressed in the American. Dec-laration of Independence: " We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness; that to secure these rights governments are in-stituted among men, deriving -their just powers from the consent of  the governed." To disregard these rights or to 'trample upon them is to wrongour fellowmen and so to sin against God. The sin, if not repented of and forgiven, God will punish in his own time'; the wrong may be dealt with by our fellows' in their organized capacity as a state; and it is this fact that restrains from deeds of violence and injustice many who have not the fear of God before them. This safeguard to liberty and natural rights the God who sends his -rain upon the just and upon the unjust has given to the race. Its benefits accrue alike to the righteous and to the wicked. The powers of civil guvernment are exer--cised alike by and for Jew and Gentile, pagan and Christian. Hence civil government is not in any sense Christian, but is humanitarianŠthat is, it is given, like marriage, for the good of mankind. Man has been made the' guardian of his Own civil rights, not by an 'arbitrary arrangement on the part of the Creator, but for wise and, beneficent reasons which we can readily discover and comprehend. God committed to men, not the administration of his raw, nor any part of it, but the maintenance of those rights which reason teaches that all intelligent moral beings should enjoy in common, those self-evident rights enumerated in the Declaration of In-dependence. Had God made civil government Christian and  commissioned men to administer his law, and to re-quire of their fellows the discharge of duties due to the Divine Being, or even, to administer the 'divine law as regards the duties which, as social beings, we owe to one another, it would necessarily have de-stroyed moral responsibility to God. _Again, it is obvious that had God not committed to men the power to regulate to some extent their social relation in order that their natural rights might be preserved, but had himself administered's civil justice, either vengeance would have been so swift and certain as to defeat the very design of God in making man a free moral agent, or else punishment would have been so long delayed as to afford no pro-tection to those in need of it. It was absolutely necessary that man should be the guardian of his own rights in this world, and for the temporary con-cerns of this world, but that this should in no way affect his individual moral responsibility to the Creator. Nor should men make it a pretext for as-suming to exercise authority which belongs alone to God. That the principle here stated is the correct and spiritual one is clear from the words of Christ when the Pharisees sought to entangle him in his talk. They asked him the question: " Is it lawful to give tribute unto Casar or not? " But he, understanding their purpose, said: " Show me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny. And he said unto them, Whose is this image and superscripiion? And they said unto him, Csar's. Then said he unto them,. Render therefore unto Csar the things that are Csar's, and unto God the things that are God's." In this Christ plainly separated between civil and moral duties. The paying of tribute was simply a civil matter. They were living under Csar's,gov-ernment and it was right that they should contribute to the support of the government; and yet this was not an absolute moral duty, but rather one growing out of the surropndings, and in some cases even something to be done merely to avoid offense. It was for this reason that Christ himself paid the tem-ple tax, as we learn from Matt. 17: 24-27. Civil government is not Christian, neither is it anti-Christian; it simply has no religious character, and, like other men, the Christian must live under it and is privileged to enjoy its protection. 'Quietness and peace are essential to the enjoy-ment of life and liberty, and to the pursuit of hap-piness, which the Declaration of Independence 