The teacher kept the boy afterchool and compelled him to sing the verse printed under-neath the picture, on the left, which he had been instructed not to sing by his parents, who do not believe in Sunday laws. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 67  of teaching religious truth as the Bible teaches it. It would of necessity be like the play of "Hamlet" with Hamlet left out. Religious Liberty in Pennsylvania. THERE happened not long ago in the State of Penn-sylvania, an incidentlwhich , while trivial in itself, stands so related to other facts as to be by no means insignificant. In one of the public schools of Tidioute, Warren County, the youthful pupils had been taught by their teacher a little song or verse for recita-tion, the purpose of which was to teach them temperance and inculcate patri-otism. This of course is entirely proper and laudable, pro-vided only that it is done in the right way, so that tem-perance and patri-otism are taught, and not something else. But in this case it w as something else than patriotism that was being taught; in fact, it was something quite the opposite. And it is to the consider-ation of the ques-tion of whether this is so or n ot, and of what true patri-otism is, that we especially invite the attention of the reader in this issue of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. But here is the song, or verse, which the youthful pu-pils were taught to recite in concert:Š " We are temperance children, Growing for the cause ; We will vote down alcohol, And enforce the Sunday ltiws." Now what kind of patriotism is it that represented in the enforcement of Sunday laws? What kind of patriot-ism do the Sunday laws embody? History can give us an answer to this question. For it is a well known fact that we must go back into history to find where and how the Sunday laws that are upon, our statute books, and which the children of to-day are to "enforce," had their  origin. These Sunday laws bave been handed downfrom one generation to another, and date far back of the time when the thirteen colonies became the United States of America; back of the time when the world heard pro-claimed the Declaration of Independence; back of the time when civilized mankind made the last great world-wide movement for the realization of civil and religious free-dom. They date back to the Dark Ages; and the "patriot-ism" they embody is the "patriotism" of those times. And what is that "patriotism" ? Anybody who has read history knows what it is. It is a "patriotism" which was in har-mony with the civil and religious despot-i s m in which the masses of mankind were then sunk, and from which, since that time, they have made long and he-roic struggles to be free. It may be said that Sunday laws have been enacted all along from the time when church and state were united down to the present; and this is true. But it is not to the point. It would be more cor-rect to say that they have been re-enact-ed . In substance, they have simply been handed down from century to cen-tury, till they have come down to us. The spirit which en-ters into them,Šthe "patriotism" which they embodyŠis that of the times in which they had their origin. And now, the children in the public schools are being taught to pledge themselves to "enforce the Sunday laws," as soon as they shall be big enough toŁdo so. But this is not all of the story, and the remaining part of it illustrates what has been said regarding the spirit and purpose of such laws. In this school was a young lad, Victor Robbins by name, whose parents were observers of the seventh day. He told his seat mate that he was not going to sing the song. because it was not right. His seat mate informed 