360 AMERICAN SENTINEL. or questions of law not submitted at the previous hear- . That is the machinery. It is simple and effective. We have reserved to the last the provisions of Article IV., which contains the essence of the proposition:Š "Any and" all questions of disagreement may, by mutual consent, be submitted by the nations concerned to this international tribunal for decision, but every such decision shall be accompanied by an undertaking to accept the award." In the words italicized abide the fatal defects of any scheme, no matter how ingeniously contrived or elabo-rately decorated with the rainbow hues of hope, for the preservation of peace among nations by means of an in-stitution analogous to those upon which civilization de-pends for peace and justice as between individuals. 1. By mutual consent. For the effective settlement of differences one party to the dispute must be able to summon the other before the court and compel him to abide by its decision. 2. May be submitted. As long as the word may is the foundation of every proposed scheme of interna-tional arbitration, and until the word must replaces it, so long will the exaggerated hopes of the dreamers of universal peace through the agency of arbitration be doomed to disappointment. It is common to imagine a tribunal of nations simi-lar in a general way to the courts before which the people of all civilized countries carry their disputes. "If possi-ble among men, why not possible among governments?" is the question often asked. There is no parallel. The analogy misleads. The indispensible factor that exists in one case is absent in the other, namely, the power of enforcement. Behind the courts of justice in every land on earth that possesses such institutions is a sovereign power able and ready to execute the courts' decrees. Behind the treaty tribunal of nations there will be no sovereign power. There will be an aggregation- of independent sovereignties, it is true; but the idea of the intervention of a majority of these separate sovereignties to coerce a single sovereignty into accepting a majority verdict or obeying a majority decree, involves a usurpation on the one side and a renunciation on the other alike incon-ceivable to the human mind in its present stage of po-litical enlightenment. So the American proposition adds to the existing appliances for the preservation of peace nothing more than an admirably conceived machine, and a moral in-fluence the exact value of which experience alone can determine. If we could conceive the possibility of a general will-ingness on the part of the nations at The Hague, to surrender sovereignty for the sake of universal peace, and to agree that a must should be put into the pro-posed convention instead o,f a may could the decisions and decrees of this exalted tribunal then be enforced?  Is there any way in which the formal agreement in ad-vance to abide bythe court's judgment could berendered effective, in order that war might be averted and a pa-cific settlement assured? Yes, there is one way. How? In the answer to that How? the rainbow disappears. The decisions of the tribunal could be enforced, and the defeated litigant nation made to obey, by police duty on the part of the other treaty nations. The eight could coerce, or attempt to coerce, the one. That is to say, by superior force. That is to say, again, by armed intervention and conflict in case of resistance. That is to say, finally, by War. An English Protest Against Sectarian Appropriations. "The Examiner" (Baptist organ). IT seems that Lord Salisbury and Mr. Balfour are not making easy progress in their scheme to establish a Roman Catholic university for Ireland. This is as, some weeks ago, we predicted it would be. The Presbyterians, through their Committee of the General Assembly in Ire-land on the Higher Education, to whom a similar uni-versity in Belfast was offered as a sop,have unanimously rejected the proposal, and remain true to their princi-ples of nonsectarian education. It has also been shown that the alleged grievance of Catholics is not a genuine one, and that they already have in the Queen's colleges in Cork and Galway, whose presidents and professors are Catholics, in the Royal Irish University and in Trinity College, Dublin, adequate and equal facilities with Protestants of obtaining for their sons the higher education, with full protection to their creed. Protestants object to being taxed for the mainte-nance of a university for the benefit of "an ecclesiastical and a political organization that no bribe less than the crown and scepter of England would satisfy." No ob-jection is made to the Catholics having a university all their own, provided they will furnish the funds for its es-tablishment and maintenance. To the American mind this position is the just and proper one to hold. Prenatal Culture. Is THE girl who cramps in her waist often taught that she is injuring not herself alone but her chances of motherhood? Is it often said to her, "Not you alo4e will be deformed, but your child may be stunted; per-haps you will not even have the power to create a human being"? Is the young man taught that his drinking and dissipation may injure not himself alone, but his yet unborn child also?ŠKatherine Louise Smith, in Good Health, June. 