You want to succeed in life; yon should be trained for success. The CAPITAL CITY COMMERCIAL COLLEGE and the CAPITAL CITY SCHOOL OF SHORTHAND, Y.M.C.A. Rending, Des Moines, Iowa, are among the leading business training schools of this country. Board from $1.75 to $2.00 per week. All expenses reasonable. Competent graduates are assisted in securing positions. The best of everything. Send for catalogue to Mehan & McCauley, Des Moines, Iowa. SOUTH LANCASTER ACADETIY. Is most healthfully and beautifully located. Combines religious and industrial with intellectual training. Thoroughness of instruction, solidity of character and usefulness in life are the principal objects of attainment. SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN TO Sacred History, Sacred Music, and the Holy Scriptures. Board and Tuition Only $120 Per Year. Vegetarian diet. For further particulars and calender, address, J. H. HAUGHEY, Principal, South Lancaster, Mass. 510 AMERICAN SENTINEL. UNION COLLEGE, Founded in 1891 by the General Conference of Seventh-day Advent-ists, and located at College View, a suburb of the city of Lincoln, Ne-braska. The climate is healthy and the san-itary conditions excellent. Purpose of the College. This College was established not merely for the purpose of teaching the sciences, but also of giving in-struction in the great principles of God's Word, and the practical duties of every-day life. Text Books. The Bible holds the first place in the educational system, and only such text books are used as harmon-ize with the inspired Word. Courses of Study. The usual work in the classical, scientific and preparatory courses is done, and in addition special bib-lical courses are offered in English, German, Danish and Swedish. Those who cannot remain long in school will be permitted to select from the regular course such studies as they may be qualified to pursue. Thorough instruction given in music, drawing, painting, stenogra-phy, book-keeping and commercial law. Industrial Department. An industrial department is con-nected with, and forms a part of, the regular college work. Each student has an opportunity of spending two hours daily in some useful physical labor under a competent instructor. Employment for young men: Prac-tical farming and gardening, use of tools, shoe making, tailoring, tent making, baking and dairying. For young ladies: Domestic work, sewing, cooking, laundrying, flower culture, etc. Expenses low. Send for catalogue. Address, UNION COLLEGE, College View, Nebr. WITD OUR dREATISEAS. DON'T forgetŠour special offer on the SENTINEL closes September 1st. HAVE you taken advantage of our latest combination offer to secure a first class Bible cheap? THE SENTINEL from now to Janu-ary 1st, next, for only twenty-five cents, to those not now subscribers to the paper. THERE are few commercial colleges in the land equal to the Capital City Commercial College, of Des Moines, Iowa, as a school where one may re-ceive a good business training or a thorough course in short-hand. Anyone who contemplates taking such a course, would do well to send for an elegant catalogue giving full particulars. The SENTINEL is per-sonally acquainted with the school and its proprietors, and heartily recommends-it as among the best of the kind to be found anywhere. PRINCIPAL HAUGHEY, of the South Lancaster Academy, writes us that the outlook for that worthy institu tion the coming year is very encour aging. Quite extensive preparations are making along various lines of improvement, and arrangements have been made whereby students can secure an education at the low-est possible rate. The location of the school is excellent; the discipline is first class; and the student who can-not succeed under the environment of South Lancaster Academy, would fail anywhere. Catalogue giving full information can be had by addressing Prof. J. H. HAUGHEY, South Lancas-ter, Mass. WE this week place in our columns the new advertisement of Union Col-lege, of Nebraska. Among the many attempts to establish colleges and normal schools in and about Lin-coln, which is known as the city of schools, none has met with more de- cided success than this institution, and the secret of it is found in its method of conduct. Its students are in demand everywhere as teachers, missionary workers and business men, for their reputation has gone out ahead of them as young men and women of sterling mental and moral worth. We could say much more in favor of this excellent institution, which ranks as one of the best in the State, but forbear. We would advise those in proximity to it, to write for cata-logue, or any other information de-sired, addressing, UNION COLLEGE, College View, Nebraska. THE WHIRL of the CYCLONE CONTINUES. The people are looking for a perfect wishing machine. It is found only in the Cyclone, and it is so easy to demonstrate the fact to intending rurchasers that agents for it are reaping a rich harvest. Write for terms and territory to Coon Bros., 18-20 Hanover St., Battle Creek, Mich. THE STORY.  OF PITCAIRN ISLAND. (SECOND EDITION.) BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. Pitcairn Island. one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the Eng-lish language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory reads stranger and more thrill-ingly in many r?speet.; than a romance. But r.oc all, of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary or in-correct and misleading. It will be interesting to the friends of that miniature world to know that an authentic history has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. Miss Rosa Young is one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pitcairn and its inhab-itants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a charming simplicity of style which refreshes the reader and invites a contin-ual perusal. Illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. Price, Ł - $1.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUPLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City, N. Y. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. 