92 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. may live, as I said, but, God helping us, the taint of his destructive creed shall not defile any of the civil institutions of all this fair land ! Let us repeat, atheism and Christianity are contradictory. terms. They are incompati-ble systems. They cannot dwell together on the same continent." By this it is seen that the rights of the keepers of the seventh day are the rights of the atheist, that the rights of the atheist are the rights of the lunatic and the conspirator, and the toleration that he is to receive is the toleration that the lunatic and the conspirator receive, and that there is nothing out of hell that should not be tolerated as soon. In view of this, the Statesman's word that " our conflict is not with the keepers of the seventh day, but with national atheism and its upholders," is one of those things " which have no signifi-cance at all," because the keepers of the seventh day are upholders of national atheism. Also, it is evident by this, that their nicely framed resolution on this subject is likewise one of those National Reform sayings " which have no significance at all," because the keepers of the seventh day have no rights at all. It may be that they think they shall catch some of the keepers of the seventh day with such honeyed phrases, and they may think that they will even catch the SENTINEL, but we can tell them, Not much. We have read many times the sweetly-toned invitation, " Will you walk into my parlor? said the spider to the fly." No, no, dear Statesman, it may all be that your utterances have no- sig-nificance at all, but to the AMERICAN SENTINEL they have so much significance that we do not propose that the National Reformers shall slip their noose over the heads of the Ameri-can people without the people being warned of it. Whether or not it be the rights of the keepers of the seventh day which are directly involved, is not the question. It is true that these are the particular class of Christians who are singled out by the National Reformers as the object of their tolerant attentions, along with other " atheistic " " lunatics " and " con-spirators," but as this is solely because they choose to differ from the opinions and aims of the. National Reformers, it is evident that what is said of these by the National Reform-ers is equally applicable to everybody who chooses to oppose the work of national cor-ruption which is carried on under the guise of National Reform. And as everybody ought to oppose the work, it follows that this ques-tion concerns everybody else- just as much as it does those who keep the seventh day or those who keep no day. Then, the Statesman asksŠ " Does the SENTINEL espouse the secular -or infidel theory of government?" The SENTINEL espouses the Christian theory of government; the theory enunciated by Christ: that man shall render to Ccesar the things that are Ccesar's and to God the things which are God's ; the theory that so far as man or civil government is concerned, the heathen, or the infidel, or the atheist, has just as much right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, as the Christian has; the theory .that under civil government any man has just  as much right not to worship God as the Christian has ,to worship him; the theory that, though a man be a Christian, he is not thereby entitled to authority or lordship over other men's consciences or rights; the theory that will reach all men by the power of truth, in love and persuasive reason, and not by the power of the sword or of civil law, in bitter per-secution and oppressive force. That is the theory of government which the SENTINEL espouses. Does the Christian States-man agree with it? If not, why not? Come now, don't dodge. ' A. T. 3. Christianity Means Honesty. IT is told of one of the patriots of the American Revolution that, having a suit in court, he employed a lawyer who tried to advance the cause of his client by taking ad-vantage of a technicality by which he hoped to evade a fair issue. Instantly the hero arose and rebuked his lawyer, declaring that he never hired him to take unfair advantage of his opponent. This was no more than strict integrity, but such strictness is seldom seen, even among those of whom we have 'every right to expect it. True Christianity presents the highest form of uprightness; yet we have to record that many profess to represent the highest type of Christianity, who are not ashamed to dissemble, and to resort to the most unworthy methods to advance their cause. Everyone knows that God is not hon-ored, and his cause is not advanced, by eva-sions and deceptions. When men resort to unworthy methods to, professedly, advance the cause of God, we may be sure that they are either deceiving or deceived; that their motives are selfish, and not founded on prin-ciple. The American people are not so far from the days of the Revolution as to have entirely outgrown a regard for the sentiments that in-spired the illustrious founders of our Govern-ment. But that they are guarding with jeal-ous care the principles that fired the hearts of their forefathers, cannot be said. A half cent-ury ago, one of the mottoes-  most commonly in use was this : " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." But it has been entirely thrown aside, because the necessity for vig-ilantly maintaining that for which our father's suffered and died to bequeath to us, is not appreciated by the mass of our population. Having lived nearly two-thirds of the entire period of our national existence, I feel qual-ified to speak from observation. When Richard M. Johnson presented the celebrated "Sunday Mail Report," it was con-sidered an able State paper, clearly vindicat-ing the grounds of our civil, and especially our religious, liberty. But so many have lost the real spirit of American independence that they suffer themselves to be cajoled into compliance with projects which tend to sub-vert our liberties, and are not at all alarmed at the encroachments of the enemy. The SENTINEL was correct in its saying that some respect is yet paid to the opinions of George Washington; but that respect is not  deep enough to cause the people diligently to inquire if those opinions are worthy to be vindicated at the expense of a strong effort. The expression that the SENTINEL recently quoted will bear repeating:Š "I have often expressed my opinion that every man who conducts himself as 'a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his re-ligious faith, and should be protected in wor-shiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience."Š Washington. This language is as plain as it is reasonable and just. None can misunderstand itŠnone should-find fault with it. But there is a class, fast increasing in numbers, who, while enjoy-ing all the privileges of our benign Govern-ment, in the full exercise of their religious freedom, indulge the feelings of Haman; they cannot enjoy even the richest blessings, if Mordecai has his share of the same. And they resolve in their hearts that Mordecai shall retire from the king's gate or be hanged. But will they rise up and denounce this declaration of Washington? By no means. That would be an open avowal of their de-signs, which might prove fatal to their cause. If not frank, they are 'shrewd and diplomatic, and have well studied the course to pursue to best accomplish their purposes. If we enter into the councils of certain bodies of clergymen, we hear them declare that Sunday is the Christian Sabbath, "the very foundation of our holy religion." They loudly bewail its desecration, and resolve to take steps to secure its universal observance. They agree to preach on the subject, and they make an appeal to their brethren in the min-istry to assist them in their efforts to arouse the people to action. But they are painfully aware of the fact that their pulpit utterances have lost their power to take deep hold of the consciences of the people. Some more effect-ive measures must be devised. The State must be called to their assistance. Rigid laws must be passed to compel the people to ob-serve the Christian Sabbath. But will the people submit to compulsory observance of religious institutions? Will they consent to religious legislation? Can they be led to ignore the sentiments of 'Wash-ington, and to reverse the fundamental prin-ciples of our glorious Government? Perhaps_ not; but if not, that circumstance must not stand in the way of their success. There is a people who ply a vocation which is one of unmixed evil. They deal in alco-holic drinks. Seven days in the week, almost the entire day and night, they are firing the brains of half-insane inebriates, stimulating them to deeds Ł of evil, beggaring wives and children, and luring the youth to ruin. What shall be done? The answer comes: "Down with the Sunday saloon! The business of the Sunday saloon must be stopped!" But, query, Why not down with the every-day sa-loon? Why not put the saloon of other days on a footing with the Sunday saloon? And again, If you separate the Sunday saloon from the saloon of other days, why not sep-arate the Sunday saloon from the useful trades of honorable people? But no; the demand 