THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 323 as much a prohibition on Congress as the First Amendment; but, to set the matter beyond the shadow of a doubt, we have the First Amendment. It appears to the writer that before the passage of the Thirteenth Amendment, the portion of the preamble referred to, and the First Amendment, could only be construed as a guarantee that the citizens of the States shall not have their relig-ious liberties interfered with or abridged by the power of the United States. But with the advent of the Thirteenth and; further on, the Fourteenth Amendment we have : First, in the Thirteenth Amendment every form of slavery and involuntary servitude is prohibited in the United States. The Thirteenth Amendment de- clares that " neither slavery nor invol- untary servitude, except as a punishment for crime, whereof the party shall.have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction." It can therefore only follow that if slavery and involuntary servitude are prohibited, there can be but one result of this prohibition, and that is the establishment of complete and univer- sal liberty. And further, that this com-plete and universal liberty is one of those privileges and immunities of citizens of the United States which, being guarded expressly against State interference by the Fourteenth Amendment, no State can have any rightful power to abridge, ex-cept as a punishment for crime; and there-fore, to abridge religious liberty it must first be shown that its free exercise is criminal in itself. And it is evident that unless the Thirteenth Amendment im-poses restrictions upon the States as to what they shall have power to arbitrarily declare to be crime, there could be no limit to the evasions of its meaning that might take place, so that it might in this way be made to' have no practical signifi-cance whatever. Some State might de-clare it a crime for a man's skin to be a certain color, or his body a certain form, for which he should be punished with as little respect for liberty and humanity as the State of Tennessee has shown in de-claring the color of a man's religion, and his form of worship in accordance there-with, to be a crime. No State can justly exercise such arbi-trary power. And every citizen of the United States has the undoubted right to the complete protection afforded by the Thirteenth Amendment, of which no lesser authority than Cooley says, in his work. on Constitutional Law: "While courts shall be in existence competent to issue the writ of habeas corpus and to ad-minister common-law remedies, it seems difficult to imagine a case of attempt at a violation or evasion of this declaration of universal liberty that shall be wanting in appropriate redress." If it be true that the Thirteenth Amend- ment is a declaration of universal liberty, it must include liberty of soul as well as liberty of body; and it cannot be construed to refer solely to liberty of body. in the sense of prohibiting one individual from compelling another individual to labor for him against his will. And in the light of a broad interpretation ; in the light of any interpretation not absurdly narrow, can, it be possible that "this declaration of universal liberty " includes every form of liberty save religious liberty ? and ex-cludes every form of slavery save relig- ious slavery ? THOMAS B. DIXON. The Petition Fizzle. JUST a few days previous to the hear-ing of Colonel Shepard and party before the Federal Commission of the Colum- bian Exposition, Rev. W. F. Crafts wrote a letter to the editor of the Chicago Evening News, in which he states that he has counted the petitions that have been sent to the Commission up to July 16, and, to use his words, " there was not 100,000 as was fairly to be expected, but only 1,356." He goes on to state the number sent in by each denomination, and then adds, " Commercial bodies are represented by only two petitions and labor organiza- tions are not in the list, and no temper-ance organization is represented except the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and only eight Sunday School Con-ventions have sent in petitions out of more than eighty that have met since the agitation began. Only five colleges have petitioned ; worst of all, not more than one-half of the Sabbath Associations of our country have even sent in petitions of their own." He says further that envel-opes full of petitions had been " sent out by the Columbian Sunday Association to 50,000 ministers, but these went mostly to the waste basket." And the reason he gives for this fact is a reflection on the in-telligence of these pastors. Mr. Crafts finds consolation in the fact that the effort of the opposition in the matter of circulating petitions was yet more of a fizzle than that of the advocates of Sunday closing, He concludes this part of his letter with the remark that " something must be done to improve the quantity and quality too, of the petitions." Many have been led to believe by the statements of the officers of the Colum-bian Sunday Association in Chicago, that petitions were coming in by the thousand; that laboring men were demanding the closing of the Fair, and that they were al-most a unit in their co-operations with the movers of the Sunday closing agitation. The people have also been repeatedly told that the commercial men as a rule fa-vored Sunday closing, but now comes the statement from Mr. Crafts that only two petitions have been sent in by this class, and that labor organizations were not in Slavery Is Prohibited. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL : YOU have frequently discussed in your paper the case of Mr. R. M. King, of Tennessee, who has been so grossly persecuted; and have stated the ground the defense will take when the case is appealed to the Su-preme Court of the United States. This ground of defense is, it appears to the writer, of a doubtful character for the reason that it is a very close question to determine, as to whether the First and Fourteenth Amendments to the Constitu-tion give any guarantee of religious lib-erty further than to be a prohibition against Congress restricting it.* The First Amendment, taken in connec-tion with the Fourteenth which declares that " No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or im-munities of citizens of the United States,"' will most certainly be a firm ground for the defense if it should be construed by the Supreme Court as you construe it, namely, to extend beyond merely a pro-hibition of a power being exercised by Congress; but the decision of Judge Ham-mond upon this point, to say nothing of outside opinion, shows that opinions on the question vary widely, I wish to suggest a line of defense some-what different from the one adopted thus far, It is in taking the First, Thirteenth and Fourteenth Amendments with the preamble to the Constitution, instead of taking only the First and Fourteenth. And taking these portions of the Consti-tution together, let us see how far it guar-antees not only religious liberty, but every form of liberty, which is not subversive of morality or an infringement of human rights, First, the preamble declares that one of the objects of the Constitution is to se-cure the blessings of liberty to the people of the United States. Second, the First Amendment specific-ally prohibits Congress from interfering with religious liberty, as though the mak-ers of the Constitution were more jealous of this kind of liberty being infringed than of any other kind. The spirit of the instrument, as reflected in the preamble, is opposed to Congress interfering with the free exercise of any kind of liberty, and it would seem as though that alone should be substantially * Our correspondent is mistaken in supposing that Tan SEN-TINEL has stated the ground the defense in the King case will take when the case is appealed to the Supreme Court of the United States. We do not know what ground the defense will take. We stated the ground that the defense ought to have taken all the time. As the appeal to the United States Circuit Court was taken on the plea of " due process of law," we have supposed that the appeal to the Supreme Court would have to be upon the same ground. Though it may be that the appeal may be extended to other ground. There is no shadow of doubt that the Constitution of the United States, on the ground TEE SENTINEL has suggested, on the ground suggested by our correspondent, and on every other ground, contemplates and guarantees full and absolute freedom in the exercise of religion according to the dictates of the individual conscience. But it is certain that the United States Circuit 'Court, as represented by Judge E. S. Ham-mond, allows nothing of the kind; and whether even the Su-preme 0004 will allow it, is a question yet to be decided. EDITOR SENTINEL. 