280 THE A.MENICA_N SENTIN.L. VoL. 5, No. 35. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 4, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL Without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. GOVERNOR HOARD has been renominated and the Bennett law re-affirmed by the Wis-consin Republicans. The Democrats have nominated Geo. W. Peck, and declared against the Bennett law. The action of the Republicans in indorsing the Bennett law is to be deplored, for it is certainly unworthy of the support of either of the great parties. THE purpose to thoroughly secularize the Government of Brazil, is shown in the provisions of the new Constitution, making civil marriages compulsory, pro-hibiting any support of the Church by the State, the control of cemeteries by any religious bodies, the teaching, of relig-ion in the public schools, the residence of Jesuits in the country, and the founding of new monastic orders. It will now be in order for National Reformers and Ro-man Catholics to unite in denouncing Brazil as " atheistic," and her statesmen as the " enemies of all religion." THE Christian at Work says : " Our Sunday laws are undoubtedly based upon feeling rather than laid. along logical lines." Yet in the same connection it at-tempts to justify the enforcement of such laws! Referring to this fact, a Western paper says : " Logic is reason; therefore to say that Sunday laws are not laid along logical lines, is to say that there is no reason in them. And in this age of boasted enlightenment, people will plead for rigid laws, against reason. The pitiful part of the matter is that while the laws themselves are based upon feeling, they are usually enforced with a total lack of feeling." JOSEPH COOK says : " I hold that the Sabbath is recognized in the Constitution of the United States, for the President is required to sign bills within so many days Sundays excepted. Every one of us is entitled to the same day's rest that he is. Still, so far as the State is concerned, I do not believe in enforcing the religious ob-servance of the Sabbath, but only as a day of rest and quiet." But there is no law to prevent the Pres-ident from signing bills upon Sunday if he desires to do so. There is, whether Mr. Cook acknowledges the fact or not, a  vast difference between forbidding a man to do work on Sunday, and providing that he, shall not be required to do any. Cali-fornia recognizes Sunday more fully than does the Constitution of the United States, and yet, Mr. Crafts and Mr. Cook, as well as a host of lesser Sunday-law lights constantly complain that that State has no Sunday law. They would not be satis-fied with a statute declaring Sunday dies non. REFERRING to those who demand the abolition of capital punishment, because of the scenes accompanying the first elec-trical execution, in this State, the Chris-tian Advocate says : " They may succeed, for this is an age of sentimentality and ' legislation by hurricane.' " This agrees exactly with the utterance of the Chris-tian at Work concerning Sunday laws, namely, that such laws " are undoubtedly based upon feeling, rather than laid along logical lines." This is true; we have leg-islation by clamor, and trial by clamor, and too often the only thing back of the clamor is a sickly sentimentalisth as utterly foreign to sound reason as ice is to equa-torial Africa. Ł lo Ł THE Pearl of Days says that, " the Catholic clergy of Los Angeles, Califor-nia, have joined with other citizens in the following petition : "Š To the Los Angeles City Council: The undersigned earnestly petition your honor-able body so to amend or enlarge our city ordinance that the saloons shall be closed not only on election days, but also on Sundays. In this movement, for the moral benefit of the people, we wish the public to understand that we are,influenced by no political partisanship. FRANCIS MORA, Bishop. J. ADAM, Vicar-General, and all the other Roman Catholic clergymen of this city. This is not to be wondered at, since the Baltimore Council declared in favor . of high license and Sunday closing. The two measures are cut from the same web, namely, compromise with the saloon. They alike delay the final abolition of the evil. IN a recent appeal in behalf of that so-ciety, Ida C. Craddock, Corresponding Secretary of the American Secular Union, says : " How mistaken is your action in refusing to join the army of the American Secular Union, which is waging the only organized warfare against these would-be uniters of Church and State !" Has the Secretary never heard of the work of the National Religious Liberty Association ? With all due deference to the Secular Union, we must say that in the single year of its existence, the Re-ligious Liberty Association has done more effective work against the " would - be uniters of Church and State," in this country, than the Secular Union has ever done in twice the time, or ever can do; and this, for the simple reason that boo  much of the work of the Union takes the form of opposition to religion; while the -Religious Liberty Association bases its opposition to Church. and State union, upon the inalienable right of every' man to profess any religion or no religion as he may elect, and that, absolutely free from any sort of State interference. A FEW weeks ago, a five-year-old boy was run over, in the streets of this city, and had both his legs crushed. Subsequently his father made application to one of the courts, to be appointed guardian for his own child, for the purpose of bringing a suit for damages, in behalf of the injured boy. The father's application was denied, on the ground that he was not worth fifty dollars. It was shown that this father was a sober, industrious man, but that made not the slightest difference ; he lacked the necessary property qualifica-tion, and could not, under the law as interpreted by the court, be permitted to enter suit in behalf of his minor child. Comment upon such a law is unnecessary. Every lover of justice and liberty will be able to characterize such a law him-self, better than we could possibly do it. To say that it belongs with the most ob-jectionable kind of class legislation, and that it is monstrously unjust is to put it very mildly. " THE school question," says the Catho-lic Review, " is breeding difficulties with every hour. Following the troubles in Massachusetts, and Wisconsin, comes the news from Ohio, that a Catholic pastor in Toledo, has been indicted by the Grand Jury, `for misdemeanor, or for neglecting to report pupils to the Board of Educa-tion.' There is an Ohio law, a meddle-some, impertinent law, of the same stamp as the Wisconsin Bennett law, conceived in the same spirit of malice, envy, and hatred, which requires all schools, public and private, to make a regular report to Boards of Education in each district, of the names of the pupils, ages, and so on. Acting under legal advice, the Toledo priest refused to make such returns from his private school, and his consequent ar-rest will test the constitutionality of the law, and make trouble for Ohio fanatics. These irritating questions are going to multiply." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The- defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the  , United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single. Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. Ł e  Ł  