122 THE AMERICAN S,ENTINPL,. Will you, as an honest man and a Christian, withdraw the base and false accusation, or will you stand with those who foster and protect the saloon with all its attendant misery and crime ? Your statement is nothing less than a wicked and ma-licious slander of the W. C. T. U.Šan organization which has for its chief object, the education of the whole people in the principles of Bible/temper-ance and total abstinence and the ultimate over-throw of the saloon upon which the curse of God rests. I ask you now, will you look at the record of work done by any one of all of the forty different departments of the Union in the past year, or any year of, their existence which by the blessing of God has resulted in the conversion of many souls in this and foreign lands, and then say wherein it has been of the nature of a political campaign ? If. you can say one word in defense of or proof of your statement, I shall be glad to hear from you. If you cannot, your Christian integrity is at stake and demands a retraction of your state-ment which is wholly devoid of truth as regards the work of the W C. T. U. I ask only what is just and right. Refusal or failure to do this will be sufficient evidence that you cannot, or will not, and that your influence and sympathy are given to perpetuate the saloon. Respectfully, S. L. JEFFERS. This letter we willingly print. It is plain and to the point. We have not space to reply in detail, to all the statements made, but the principal ones we will notice. First, in regard to the Milwaukee affair, this letter contains the first and only in-timation that we have had that the YoUng Men's Christian Association, of Milwau-kee, was instigated in that matter by the brewers. And this statement should be supported by proofs. As it stands we say plainly that we do not believe it. There are two reasons why we do not believe it. First, we are not ready to believe such a statement as that concern-ing the Young Men's Christian Associa-tion upon ex parte statements, unsupported by any proofs whatever. Secondly, be-cause the thing is improbable in itself, from the simple fact that a party con-tributing to the building fund of an as-sociation does not secure a shadow of authority or right to control the actions of that association. I may contribute to the building of a church or hall, as many people do, yet that gives me no right ever to have any voice in the control or use of such building. In such cases, contrib-utors, as such, have no moral right to any control in the matter, and it is certain that they have no legal right. And therefore to believe that the directors of the Young Men's Christian Association "were instigated to this deed by the brewers who contributed to the building fund," is to go directly in the face of all moral and legal probability. For this reason we say to the writer of this letter,Šand we say it respectfully,Šthat we do not believe that the statement given is the " true reason " for this action. If she has proofs to show that it is so, we will gladly print them, if she will send them to us. We do not believe that the saloon ele- ment controls, or can Control, the Young Men's Christian Association in any matter. And although this lady may be "grieved" to have us say so, and to express our admiration of the Young. Men's Christian Association, it seems to us that she ought to be no less grieved to give her authority to a charge which involves the Young Men's Christian Association in the control of the saloon element. To us that seems to be a much more serious charge than to say that the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union is a political club. This brings us to the second, and in fact the main point. And that is, that the Woman's Christian Temperance Union is political. We agree with the writer of this letter that it is the duty of those who make charges to prove them. And it is the settled policy of the SENTINEL to make no charges which it is not able to prove to the satisfaction of all fair minded people. But says the writer, " This charge you cannot substantiate by any word or act upon record." Well that depends. We have some records, and we shall quote from them statements that show that there is at least some basis for the state-ment which we made. In the minutes of the New York convention printed in the Union Signal of November 8, 1888, there is this statement :Š Chairman Dickey appeared before the conven-tion, and asked that Miss Willard be permitted or instructed to sit as a counseling member of the Prohibition Executive Committee. She was so in-structed by the convention. Now the Prohibition party is political and nothing else. Its executive committee is a political body only. That body exists only for political purposes, and its mem-bers are such only for political purposes. Their counsels are nothing but political counsels. Therefore when the convention instructed its President to sit as a counsel-ing member of the Prohibition executive committee, that convention did by that action distinctly commit itself to political action and alliance; and it did thereby make itself political. Notice, the convention was asked that Miss Willard "be permitted or instructed," etc., and " she was instructed." If she had been but permitted, no one could justly attach any more weight to it than to any other individual and voluntary ac-tion; but, when the choice between these two steps was open to the convention, and the convention chose the stronger action and distinctly instructed its presi-dent to sit as a counseling member of the executive committee of the Prohibition party, that action became the action of the convention, and as certainly made the National Union political as any action could possibly do. Again, in the minutes of the same con-vention, we find that an important delega-tion so fully understood that the national body is political, that it presented a me- morial asking the National Convention to compel the State Unions to conform to the national body in this. The Illinois Union, by its president, Mrs. Louise S. Rounds, presented a memo-rial in which is the following statement :Š We further believe that the pledge you gave the Prohibition party . . by such an overwhelming majority,- gave to you as a logical sequence, a po-litical policy, which no member of your honorable body has the right to antagonize. We believe precisely with the Illinois Union. We believe that the pledge which the National Union gave to the Prohibition party, and the alliance with that party which the National Union still holds, did give to the National Union as a logical sequence a political policy, and thereby made it a political organization. We believe that the Illinois Union was then considered loyal, and that it is still so to the National Union. Why then, should we be so harshly reproved for be-lieving and saying the same thing that the Illinois Union itself believed and said. Again, in that same convention, Mrs. Lathrap said in her speech that the Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union " is political." Again, we ask why should we be so chastised for saying of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union what so prominent a representative, in open con-vention, said of it ? Once more, in the National Convention of the National Union held in Nashville, Tennessee, 1887, of which we have also an official copy of the minutes, the following words were spoken in the President's an-nual address The Woman's Christian Temperance Union, lo-cal, State, National, and world-wide, has*  one vital, organic thought, one all-absorbing purpose, one un-dying enthusiasm, and it is that Christ shall be this world's king. Yea, verily, THIS WORLD'S king in its realm of cause and effect; king of its courts, its camps, its commerce; king of its colleges and cloisters; king of its customs and its constitutions. Not a king who hears the Nation praising him far off from the lips outward but one who, dwelling in their hearts, radiates his presence into their daily doings, and make his word as much the text-book of their daily lives, as the multiplication table is of their business transactions. The kingdom of Christ is no poetic fancy with us white ribboners ; no mys-tic dream. It is a solid sphere of fact. . . . The kingdom of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics ; as one of our own has said. Now as the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union, local, State, National, and world-wide has but' the one purpose, the one thought, and that an " all-absorbing one," of making Christ this world's king; as that kingdom is " a solid sphere of fact," and must enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics; then there is no other conclusion, than that the one organic thought and all-absorbing purpose ,of the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union, local, State, National, and world-wide, is political.- This is the truth, it is political. We know that the Union " through its forty departments" does much good. We 