qual and exact Justice to all Men, or Whatever `state or persuasion, fi.eligious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 17, 1892. NUMBER 45. The American Sentinel, PT/BLISEED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. U MCKEE. THERE is almost an entire misappre-hension in the public mind as to the Sun-day law of Tennessee. Š0-- SEEING the despotic and persecuting proceedings of the State authorities in Henry County, Tennessee, as regards Sunday work by those who keep Sabbath, the public have gathered the idea that the Sunday law of that State is a rigid, fierce, and fire-breathing thing. This is a mis-take. Š0Š OF Nurse all Sunday laws are bad. But as a matter of fact the Sunday law of Tennessee is about as mild as any Sunday law could be. And as a further fact the Sunday law of Tennessee is entirely in-nocent, so far as the persecutions on this subject in that State are concerned. Š0Š THE truth is that the persecuting prose-cutions that have been carried on by the authorities of the State of Tennessee, as regards Sunday work, for the last eight years, have been, and are, without any statutory authority whatever. The stat-ute in relation to Sunday work is ig-nored, and has been ignored these eight years, and all these cases, and extra-stat-utory measures haVe been applied and carried through. This the public should understand. Š0-- THE Sunday law of Tennessee, the only statute on this subject in that State, pro-vides only for prosecution " before any justice of the peace of the county ;" arid provides there, only that the person duly convicted (of performing any of the cora- mon vocations of life on Sunday), " be-fore any justice of the peace of the county, shall forfeit and pay three dollars, one half to the person who shall sue for the same, the other half for the use of the county." THIS is the only provision of law on this subject in the State of Tennessee. And it is clear as words can say it, that there is in that State no provision of law for any prosecution for Sunday work, in any court but that of a "justice of the peace;" and no provision of law for any fine or penalty, but "three dollars." Yet every case of prosectition for Sunday work in that State for the last eight years, has been before the Circuit Court, and the fine placed at whatever figure the jury or the Circuit Judge has chosen to levy. That is, the proceedings, instead of being an enforcement of the law, are sim-ply an infliction of the arbitrary will of the court. And such procedure has been solemnly pronounced by the Circuit Court of the United States, to be " due process of law." Tins lawless course was begun in the case of W. H. Parker in the. year 1885. Parker was tried before the Circuit Court, and duly convicted and imprisoned. Then nothing more was done in this line until the noted case of R. M. King in the sum-mer of 1889. King was first prosecuted according to the law, and the fine pro-vided in the law, was assessed and col-lected. A simple fine of three dollars, however, was not sufficient to satisfy the religious zeal of those who would prohibit the observance of any day but Sunday. Accordingly, these extra-statutory meas-ures were adopted; the law was ignored; and Parker, King, and all others since, have been prosecuted before the Circuit Court, for the crime of "public nuisance," whereby the jury can assess any fine they see fit above fifty dollars; under that sum the amount being left to the discretion of the judge. By this method, not only can the fine  be assessed at any amount, but the court can convict without any evidence. This is precisely what was done last May in the cases of Dortch, Moon, Stem, and Lowry. They were prosecuted for the crime of public nuisance committed by working on Sunday. And though not a soul had made any complaint against any one of them, and though not a single wit-ness testified that anybody in the com-munity had been disturbed by any one of the accused, or had complained of any one of them; yet all four were found guilty of having done that which " was and is a disturbance in the, community in which done, was offensive to the moral sense of the public, and was and is a public nui-sance." And the fines were such as to keep them in jail from forty-five to sixty-four days. Š0Š OF course, as we have shown, there is no law in Tennessee making work on Sunday a public or any other kind of nui-sance. That turn was made in this way : Some years ago the Supreme Court of that State set forth the doctrine that " Christianity is part of the common law " of Tennessee, and that offenses against Christianity were properly in-dictable and punishable as common law offenses. This is the doctrine that was confirmed by the Circuit Court of the United States, which said that though there is " not any foundation for the ruling that it is a common law nuisance to work in one's fields on Sunday; " that King was "wrongfully convicted;" and the court " wrongfully decided;" yet it was all " due process of law." And this decision of the Circuit Court of the United States establishing as " due process of law," the " wrongful decision" of the Supreme Court of Tennessee, which con-firmed the "wrongful conviction" of a man, under a ruling for which there was " not any foundation "Šthis is to-day the authority, the only authority, and the only authority that is claimed, for the crusade in behalf of Sunday, that is now being carried on in the State of Tennessee. 