THE AMERICAN SN'I'INEL,. 107 measures before the German Parliament shows that in that country the accepted religion of the State is politics. The late differences between France and the Vati-can show, also, by the manner in which the questions in dispute have been taken up, that not only is " the religious ques-tion rapidly coming to the front in French politics," but also that religion is politics in France. This has always been true, only in varying degree; and in proportion to the degree in which it has been true 'has the history of France been filled with events seemingly Satanic in their inhu-manity and bloody terror. The religion of politics has not been the religion of Jesus Christ in France. THE religion of the Vatican is the religion of politics, and there it is even more true than any where else in the world, not even excepting Constantinople or the mind of the editor of the Mail and Express, that religion is politics. From out the Vatican political religion has poured for generations, like burning lava from unearthly fires scorching its devious paths throughout the whole earth. There is no country or people of the world which has not felt its searing influence. The very names, " Rome," and " The Vati-can," have become synonymous with polit-ical religion. The religion of the Vatican is not the religion of Jesus Christ. COLONEL SHEPARD'S editorial says of the religion of the Vatican in this country, " It has allied itself with the Democratic Party until it now rules that party in New England, the Middle, the Western, and the North Western States. . . . It has taken possession of the city governments of Boston, New York, Baltimore, New Orleans, Troy, Detroit, Buffalo, and many another. It keeps just enough of its ad-herents in the Republican Party to weaken their counsels and mask their designs. But it is noticeable that whenever the in-terests of the Roman Catholic Church clash with those of the Republican Party, those Roman Republicans always vote for their own church, and let the interests of the country slide. . . : It is time that every patriot should leave the Democratic Party and unite against the Romans. They are still in a minority. The major-ity can stop giving them money and prop-erty, stop their alteration of our school books to suit and advocate their super-stitions, stop their holding public office, stop their subjecting the State to their Church, stop their growth, and preserve our liberties. Roma delenda est." YES, " Rome must be destroyed," but that must is in the eternal purpose of God, and not in the political majority here called upon to destroy it by stopping the appropriation of money in its behalf, de-priving Roman Catholics of the right to hold public office, and stopping the growth  of the Church by an edict of the major-ity. Destruction must come upon Rome, but it must come also upon all political religions. Those who cry that the major-ity must stop the Roman Catholics " sub-jecting the State to their church " in order that the majority may subject it instead to their church, will in the end meet with the same destruction, for the same reasons, and by the same divine hand, as part of the same mystery of iniquity. Ł W. H. M. Ł Ł  Liberty, Indeed!  " CHRISTIANITY and Patriotism," is the title of an impassioned article in the Christian Statesman, of March 12, in which the question,  is asked : " Who were the Puritans and Pilgrim fathers that their names should be cherished and held sacred ?" The answer given is : " They were the seed of truth, sifted out from superstition by bitter persecution, with which Almighty God planted the New World to preserve civil and religious lib-erty among men." And how did the Puritans preserve civil and religious liberty ? What are the facts concerning them ?ŠNo sooner was the Government of the Colony of Massachu-setts organized than a church was estab-lished after the Congregational order, and everybody was required to conform to that mode of worship. Two men, how-ever, Samuel and John Browne, adhered to the worship of the Church of England, and argued that the worship of the Colony ought to be according to the ritual of that Church. The Puritans replied : "We came away from the common prayer and ceremonies in our native land, where we suffered much for ; in this place of liberty we can not, we will not, use them." And not only so, but they were determined that nobody else in Mas-sachusetts should use them, and so the Brownes were banished from that "place of liberty," and sent back to England. Massachusetts was a place of liberty for Puritans only. But the banishment of the Brownes was only the beginning; in 1631 a law was enacted as follows :Š To the end this body of the commons may be preserved of honest and good men, it is ordered and agreed that, for the time to come, no man shall be admitted to the freedom of this body politic but such as are members of some of the churches within the limits of the same. " Some of the churches within the lim-its of the same," meant simply, some of the congregations of the Congregational order, for that was the established church of the Colony and none other was tolerated. A. D. 1681 witnessed the arrival of Roger Williams in Boston. He was at once called to the pastorate of the church at Salem, left vacant by the death of Francis Higginson ; but Governor Winthrop ob-jected and Williams went to Plymouth. Subsequently, however, he accepted the  pastorate of the Salem church, and then began a contest which ended in 1635 by a decree of the general court banishing him from the Colony. It was the purpose of his enemies to send him back to England, but being apprised of their design he fled in the dead of winter to Rhode Island, and found refuge among the Indians. Late in 1637, John Wheelright, a Boston preacher, was banished for saying that it maketh no matter how seemingly holy men be according to the law, if . . . they are such as trust to their own righteousness they shall die, saith the Lord. Do ye not after their works; for they say and do not. "They make broad their phy-lacteries, and enlarge the borders of their garments, and love the uppermost rooms at feasts, and the chief seats in the synagogues, and greetings in the markets, and to be called of men, Rabbi, Rabbi." But believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and ye shall be saved, for being justified by faith we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. As in the case of Roger Williams, Wheel-right was driven out in the rigors of a New England winter. In 1637 Mrs. Anne Hutchinson was banished for the heinous offense of agree-ing with Wheelright. The court which " tried " Mrs. Hutchinson was a miniature Inquisition, before which she was repeat-edly dragged for examination. "All this time," says Adams in " Charters and Con-stitutions," " she had been alone; her friends were far away. That no circum-stance of horror might be lost, she and one of her most devoted followers, Mary Dyer, were nearing their confinements during this time of misery. Both cases ended in misfortune over whose sickening details Thomas Welde and his reverend brethren gloated with a savage joy, de-claring that ' God himself was pleased to step in with his casting vote . . . as clearly as if he had pointed with his finger.' Let posterity draw a veil over the shocking scene." This persecuted wo-man also found an asylum in Rhode Island, where she and friends were given a home by the Indians. These outrages against both civil and religious liberty, were followed shortly by bitter persecution of Baptists. In 1644, the general court of the Colony of Massa-chusetts ordered and agreed that if any person or persons, within this jurisdiction, shall either openly con-demn or oppose the baptizing of infants, or go about secretly to seduce others from the approba-tion or use thereof, and shall appear to the court willfully and obstinately to continue therein, after due time and means of conviction, every such per-son or persons shall be sentenced to banishment. It will be observed that the penalty provided by this law was banishment, but in 1646, a Baptist named Painter was sentenced under it to be whipped for re-fusing to have his child sprinkled. The sentence was carried out to the letter. A few years later, namely, in 1651, three Baptist ministers from Rhode Island, tem-porarily in Massachusetts visiting an aged Baptist were arrested while holding a private service on Sunday, and were com- 