AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE Catholic Mirror mentions that this question is - being agitated in ecclesiastical circles in Hawaii: "When the United States absorbs a smaller State, as it ab-sorbed or annexed Hawaii, does a church existing in the smaller State necessarily become a branch of or a part of a similar ecclesiastical organization in the larger or absorbing dominion?" And the Mirror inquires, "If so; ' is not this dangerously akin to the pernicious doctrine of the union of church and state?" n It is amusing to note how both the Catholics and the National Reformers hold the union of church and state to be "pernicious" when it is something else than the union they are working to secure. N . 44 Subsidizing the Church of Rome. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: I inclose a copy* of the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States determining the law of eleemosynary corporations and sectarian appropriations. I wish to call special atten-tion to the sentence, "All that can be said of the corpo-ration itself is that it has been incorporated by an act of Congress, and for its legal powers and duties that act must be exclusively referred to." And again, "In respect too, of its creation, organization, management, and ownership of property, it is an ordinary private corporation, whose rights are determinable by the law of the land, and the religious opinions of whose members are not subjects of inquiry." This shows how wise President Madison was in re-fusing his assent to a bill making a church an ordinary private corporation. He used the veto power to defeat a bill to incorporate a church in this district on two grounds:- 1. "Because the bill exceeds the rightful authority to which governments are limited by the essential dis-tinction between civil and religious functions, and vio-lates in particular the article of the Constitution of the United States which declares that 'Congress shall make no law respecting a religious establishment.' 2. "Because the bill vests in the said incorporated church an authority to provide for the support of the poor and the education of the poor children of the same; an authority which, being altogether superfluous if the provision is to be the result of pious charity, would be a precedent for giving to religious societies, as such, a legal agency in carrying into effect a civil and public duty." One week afterward another bill was vetoed by him. The latter provided "that there be reserved the quan-tity of five acres of land,including Salem meeting-house, in the Mississippi Territory, for the use of the Baptist ŁFor the text of this decision See p. 10. Church at said meeting-house." He refused to approve it: "Because the said bill, in reserving a parcel of land of the United States for, the use of said Baptist Church, comprises a principle and precedent for the appropria-tion of funds of the United States, for the use and sup-port of religious societies, contrary to the Article of the Constitution which declares that 'Congress shall make no law respecting a religious establishment.'" These two cases of contemporaneous construction of the Constitution by the very man who wrote the First Amendment are only casually referred to by the Su-preme Court, and then only as if they were the effusions of an ignoramus; for the court says that the phrase "a law respecting a religious establishment" is not synony-mous with that used in the Constitution, which prohib-its the passage of a law "respecting an establishment of religion." But clearly the men who framed the Consti-tution regarded it as synonymous. Many of them were in Congress when Mr. Madison's veto messages were dis-cussed and sustained by that body; and no such criti-cism as that now made by the Supreme Court was made by any one at that time. They supposed the First Amendment to prohibit all interference or meddling with religion, either in the abstract or in the concrete. Alexander Hamilton had defined the phrase "an estab-lished religion," to be "one with regard to the support of which the law is active and provident;" and the only difference between an established religion and an estab-lishment of religion is a mere participial difference, re-ferable only to the category of time, and not to sub-stance, or quantity, or quality, or place, or action, or passion, or possession. There is no logical opposition between the two phrases at all. If framed into propositions they would stand opposed neither as contraries, subcontraries, con-tradictories, nor subalterns. There was no "established religion" of the United States when the First Amend ment was passed by the First Congress; and that body, supported by the whole American people, solemnly determined that there should be no "establishment of religion" in futuro. The first great struggle between political parties after the adoption of the Constitution arose over the construction of the First Amendment, in consequence of the alien and sedition laws. This struggle gave rise to the Virginia Resolutions, written by Mr. Madison in 1798, in defense of the freedom of conscience and of the press. Then the attack had been made on the freedom of the press, but it was declared that the freedom of conscience was equally endangered, and hence the whole nation was aroused. Sections 6 and 7 of these resolu-tions show conclusively that the State and people of Virginia never could have intended to delegate to Con-gress the right to take money from any citizen of that State to be applied in the propagation of opinions which he disbelieved; and that they were determined to maintain the rights guaranteed by the First Amend- 