THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 155 which applies to all occupations. This same course of narrowing down the legis-lation asked, to single occupations, has been followed elsewhere, though in other places it has usually been the barbers who have been used as here it is attempted to use the icemen. If this bill were passed, the next would apply to groceries and grocery clerks, as foreshadowed in the communication to the Evening Star. It is claimed that there can be no valid ground for opposition to this measure, because it is purely civil. Is it? It for-bids the sale of ice " within the District of Columbia on the Sabbath day, com-monly known as Sunday." Suppose, in the interests of accuracy, it were proposed to amend this to read, "on Sunday, errone-ously called the Sabbath," would the framers of the bill accept it? By no means. Why not? Because it would de-cide that Sunday is not the Sabbath. What, then, does , it do in its present form ? It asks Congress to decide that Sun-day is the Sabbath. It is a religious bill. W. H. M. "Vital to the Sunday Question." IN its issue of April 14, THE SENTINEL published, under the title, " The Supreme Court and a National Religion," a com-ment upon a portion of Justice Brewer's decision in the case of the Rector of Holy Trinity. The article closed with the words, " So the Supreme Court of the United States champions an establishment of religion. What next ?" It has been said of this expression that it was too sweeping and would not be borne out by the conclusions of others as to the mean-ing, scope, and effect of the decision. As to whether this is so or not let the Pearl of Days answer when it says, May 7, of Judge Brewer's decision, that it establishes clearly the fact that our Government is Christian. This decision is vital to the Sunday question in all its aspects, and places that question among the most important issues now before the American people. Similar decisions have been given by highest judicial authority, from time, to time, but the new form in which it was recently presented gives the conclusion of the court in-creased emphasis. . . . And this important decision rests upon the fundamental principle that religion is imbedded in the organic structure of the American GovernmentŠa religion that recognizes, and is bound to maintain, Sunday as a day for rest and worship. While the Christian Statesman, of May 7, says of what it calls a sophistical petition " against the commitment of the United States Government to a union of religion and the State by the passage of any bill or resolution to close the World's Columbian Exposition on Sunday or in any other way-  committing the Government to a course of religious legislation." We would refer any one in or out of Congress who is deceived by this chaff to the two unanimous opinions of the United States Supreme Court on this subject, one . delivered by Mr. Justice Field on March 16, 1885 (113 U. S. 10), the other by Mr. Justice Brewer on February 29, 1892, the last of which shows that the Sabbath laws are a part of our American Chris-tian institutions, etc. It was very largely on the ground of its accord with this decision of Justice Brew-er's that Elliott F. Shepard pleaded before the House Committee on the World's Fair that Congress should condition its appro-priation upon the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, saying, " It will be in ac-cordance with the Constitution and laws of this country to provide by act of Con-gress that the Columbian Exhibition or Columbian Exposition shall not be opened to the public on Sunday," and, as evidence that it might properly so do, quoting the line of commissions, colonial grants, and  charters, from monarchs who assumed to be the head of the Church as well as of the State, which Mr. Justice Brewer cites as a portion of his series of " organic utter-ances that this is a Christian Nation." It is very evident that the Pearl of Days, the Christian Statesman, and Mr. Elliott F. Shepard, do not think the statement too sweeping, that the Supreme Court has championed an establishment of religion. Not only that but the particular religion established is specified, and already the especial tenet of that religion which must be enforced is named. Will the answer to, " What next ?" be the enforcement by the central Government of that religious tenet? W. H. M. Unmasking. MR. CRAFTS and the American Sab-bath Union have persistently repelled, with an air of injured innocency, the charge that their desired Sunday legisla-tion was in any sense religious legislation. The writer heard Mr. Crafts, in a speech at Lakeside, Ohio, last summer, ridicule Seventh-day Adventists and others, for entertaining any such fears regarding his movement. To make the deception more successful, he denounced all compulsion in religion as wrong. After the lecture, Professor Coleman, a prominent National Reformer, was asked why in his opinion, the speaker advocated the secular theory only as a basis for his desired Sunday leg-islation. He replied that he supposed it was done to "escape the criticism which would result from placing his desired legislation on a religious basis." Now that Mr. Crafts thinks the United States Supreme Court has declared our Nation to be a Christian Nation, he com- pletely unmasks in the Christian States- man of April 30, by commenting on the decision as follows:Š It is therefore legitimate to close the Exposition gates, not only because of Sunday toil and traffic and turmoil the opening would cause, but also be-cause " this is a Christian Nation." No intelligent observer will be surprised at this sudden change; the civil Sabbath mask has always been exceedingly transpa-rent, and at times, extremely chafing to the wearer. A. F. BALLENGER. Champion Repeaters. THE Congressional Record of May 5, under petitions and memorials presented in the Senate the day previous, contains a record of memorials praying that Con-gress take some action to close the World's Fair on Sunday, and that no further ap-propriations be made for the World's Fair except upon guarantee of Sunday closing, from one church of Missouri; four churches of Virginia and West Virginia; thirteen churches of Michigan; thirteen churches of Nebraska ; twenty - seven churches of Indiana; thirty churches of Illinois.; two hundred and fifty-one churches of Ohio, an Evangelical Alli-ance, representing all the churches in Cincinnati, a District Epworth League; and a County Sabbath School Association; and petitions from the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, containing 223 individual signatures,Šall these last also of Ohio. This style of memorializing Congress, by wholesale, is what the Christian States-man boasts of as " the new method of petitioning," and says :Š The old method of petitioning, by miscellaneous signatures, obtained hastily at the door and on the street, is not only slower, but more likely to result in mistakes than the new method, by deliberate vote, after explanation and discussion, in citizens' meetings, labor lodges, and church assemblies. These indorsements of organizations also show, by the name of the organization, just what sort of people are favoring the movement. It certainly is a much easier way, to count up suppositious petitioners,Šfor the presiding officer in a public meeting to have the resolution adopting the me-morial read, and say, "You hear the reso-lution. Is there any objection ? I hear no objection. The resolution is adopted," and then sign himself as representing a hundred, a thousand, or ten thousand, or more, according to the size of the organ-ization, and his official position in it. This looks like a very easy way of roll-ing up immense petitions, does it not ? And so it is, for it involves the most stupendous system of repeating ever in-vented. Take, for instance, to exemplify this, the results obtained from the delib-erate (?) vote of the gatherings named in description of the " new method." A citizens' meeting will be representative, and composed of men from all the differ-ent churches, all the different labor lodges and organizations, young men from all the different Sunday schools, Christian Endeavor Societies, Epworth Leagues; women from the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, Christian Endeavor, Epworth Leagues, King's Daughters, Sunday schools, etc. Here in this citizens' meeting they have all peti-tioned once. That is one tote. But the matter is presented before a labor lodge, and if a vote is taken, those who were present at the citizens' meeting are counted again. The repeating has begun. Different meetings and councils of this organization are called, and each one of these votes is counted as represented by the authority of the officers or delegates present at their different councils, grand councils, etc., up to the highest represen-tative body of the organization. But the repeating continues. Many of those who are members of labor lodges are also members of churches. Their church sends in a petition; they vote again. The ministers' meeting of their town sends in a petition ; they are represented again. The repeating goes on. Their Sunday school petitions; they vote again. The county Sabbath school association mem-orializes Congress; again they are counted. Their churches convene their different presbyteries, synods, conferences, ecumen-ical councils, etc., in them all they are represented again and again, over and over. The multiplicity of the repeating becomes bewildering. But the Evangeli-cal Alliance may vote them again, and scattering congregations of repeaters may Ł be gathered at almost any extra religious service, revival, or union meeting. Through the organizations of the Chris-tion Endeavor Society and the Epworth League the same process is followed. But to the women are vouchsafed un-usual privileges. Their suffrages having been recognized at' every polling, where the votes of the men have been counted heretofore, except perhaps the labor lodges, where really but little of this voting has been done, again they are counted and recounted, throughout the different or- ganized grades of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, the King's Daughters, etc. This is the apotheosis of repeating. 