104 THE'"". ..M  NEW YORK, MARCH 27, 1890. NOTE.-Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Supreme Court of Wisconsin has decided that the reading of the Bible in the public schools is sectarian teaching, and therefore unconstitutional. Judge Bennett's " representative " decision is therefore reversed. THE Blair Educational bill was defeated in the Senate March 20, by a vote of thirty-one to thirty-seven. Senator Blair changed his affirmative vote to no and gaVe notice of a motion to reconsider. The article in this paper on the bill was in type and " made up " before the bill was defeated; and it will help more to show how richly the bill deserved the everlasting death which we hope has been dealt to it by this vote. OUR readers will remember that two weeks ago we published a letter from our California correspondent criticising a ser-mon on Sunday work in one of the Califor-nia prisons. Referring to this same ser-mon< the San Francisco Alta says A good many interior journals are commenting ad-miringly on the energetic and righteous indignation with which Rev. Dr. F. A. Horton, of Oakland, re-cently denonneed the practice of working the San Quentin convicts on Sunday. Only one fault can be found with Dr. Horton's denunciation. The convicts in San Quentin are not worked on Sunday. This is indeed a serious fault, but we think that our correspondent showed very plainly that it was not the only fault in that sermon. Ł  WE learn from the Territory Enterprise that a large and enthusiastic meeting of the citizens of Virginia City, Nevada, was held in the Opera House at that place on the 10th inst., to protest against the pas-sage of the Blair Sunday-rest bill, the Breckinridge Sunday bill, and the proposed Educational amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States. A part. of the resolutions were as follows Resolved, That That . . . it is not and never should be within the province of the national Congress, or the Legislature of any State in the Union to prescribe for the free public schools what are and what are not the "fundamental and non-sectarian principles of Christianity." Resolved, That religion is beyond the purview of human government, and from it is essentially distinct and exempt from its cognizance. That any connec-tion between them is not only injurious to both, but is destructive of personal liberty, freedom of con-science, and the public welfare; and with the patriot soldier, Grant, we affirm that all religions should, for all time, be left to the family altar, the church, and  the private school, supported entirely by private con-tribution, and that the State and the Church should remain forever separate. The senators and representatives from that State were requested to oppose the adoption of the Blair and Breckinridge measures. The work of the National Re-ligious Liberty Association was heartily approved. DR. GOSSLER, Minister of Ecclesiastical Affairs and Public Instruction of the Ger-man Empire, has, it is said, expressed his approval of the views of Dr: Windhorst, the Catholic leader, that the Church, school, and State ought to work together. Radical changes, he declares, are impending in the field of education. In view of the fact that the late elections in Germany have given the Papists a strong hold upon the Government, enabling them to dictate their own terms to the emperor, the world need be surprised at nothing which may happen in Germany in the way of a return to the methods of the middle ages. REV. JOSEPH COOK is quoted by the Christian Statesman of Feb. 27, as criticis-ing Edward Bellamy's Nationalism, in his first Boston lecture for 1890, and saying : "It has elements in it that are very Chris-tian; but the Christianity is in the volun-tary co-operation, and not in the compul-sory.Nationalism. " Very true Mr. Cook ! The principle of voluntary co-operation, and not of national compulsion, is at the root of all Christianity. In that expres-sion, you have stated a truth of universal application, and one which bears just as hard upon the methods and purposes of the National Reform Association, and Sab-bath Union, as upon the. doctrines of Mr. Bellamy. Why, then, do you affiliate with these advocates of nationalism in religion? THE Christian Statesman, of March 6, contains the following : " We regret to note that Sabbath, the 23d inst., was openly devoted to lobbying among the members of Congress in favor of the rival cities. The amended Fair bill, imperilled by a shameful struggle for political advantage, passed the New York Legislature on Wednesday, the 19th. Until this was done, New York's representatives at Wash-ington Ł could do nothing. The Sabbath was one of the four days left before the vote was to ,be taken., Chauncy. M. De-pew, Ex-Senator Warner Miller, Elliott F. Shepard and others, hastened to Washing-ton. We cannot say to what extent the Christian men in this delegation were re-sponsible for the fact, or were implicated in it, but the newspapers of Monday bore evidence that no other day of the four was more diligently employed in pushing the claims of New York, than was the Sabbath. On the evening of that day, a dinner was given by Representative Flower, where the plans for the week were carefully looked over again, and close calculations made, as to the result of the vote." Already it seems the religious press has begun its censorship, and among those who fall under its displeasure, is the un-fortunate president of the Sabbath Union itself. Elliott F. Shepard has been in bad company, and the Christian Statesman throws the first stone. He has soiled the immaculate dignity of his office by com-ing to Washington on the same train with Chauncy Depew and others, who, accord-ing, to the newspapers, must have talked about the World's Fair on Sunday. A New York Representative gave a dinner too, and these bad men all ate together on Sunday, and planned how to get the World's Fair. If only the Breckinridgc Sunday bill had been a law, the States-man might have had legal redress for the " disturbance " of its Sunday rest in Philadelphia, by these New York Sunday Ł breakers in Washington. A GENTLEMAN in Florence, Ontario, sends us a postal card, from which we make the following extract :Š You seem to think that God requires some help from some of his creatures to maintain his kingdom upon earth. I pray that the United States may be so-fortunate as to get a civil statute to protect the first day of the week as the Christian Sabbath. We cannot see why the gentleman should imagine that we think that God needs some help "to maintain his kingdom upon earth." That is the position occupied by those who are endeavoring to give him. the help of the civil law. The Sabbath is a divine institution, and it belongs to God. If Sunday is the Sabbath, it certainly needs no other law than the law of God. to maintain it. God needs no aid from the civil power to maintain the dignity of his government. But the National Reformers are insisting that he does, and that this Government shall give it to him. THE member of Congress who presented the local Sunday bill for the District of Columbia, in the House of Representa-tives, said, in an address in New York, as quoted in " Sabbath Reform Document " of. January 9 :Š The State owes it to itself and to its present citizens, and to the generations that are yet to come, to protect this day, on precisely the same grounds that they protect the martial relation. This member proposes to protect the day, by a law " to prevent persons from being forced to labor on Sunday!: At the next session of Congress, then, we may expect him to introduce a bill " to prevent persons from being forced to violate the marital relation." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainten- ance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid,S 1 .00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York. 