216 AMERICAN SENTINEL. AMERICAN traction engines and American oxen are being imported into Cuba for use on the sugar planta-tions. * Bmnsa and American soldiers and warships have been fighting side by side at Samoa, against a foe who had the backing of Germany. This, among other events of less note, indicates the steady drift toward an Anglo-American alliance. * * THE Sunday newspaper has made its appearance in Great Britain. The Daily Telegraph and Daily Mail, of London, are now published Sundays as on other days, and doubtless other papers will follow suit. Considera-ble opposition has shown itself from church sources. * * THE New Jersey legislature has passed a bill designed to do away with the custom of kissing the Bible in courts. As this custom in no way serves the ends of jus-tice, and is based on ideas contrary to the principles of free government, it ought to be dispensed with, in New Jersey and everywhere else. GENERAL T. J. MORGAN, D. D., who is corresponding secretary of a Baptist mission society, in a recent ad-dress to the members of the society, said that aside from the politicians and some of the Cuban officers, he be-lieved that practically all of the Cubans are in favor of annexation. * FOR creating a disturbance in a church of Barnegat, N. J., two young boys were recently brought before a magistrate and sentenced to ten days in jail* The of-fense was doubtless deserving of punishment; but it is just as certain that nothing was gained for the church or for religion by an appeal to the courts. A lawyer who met the boys on their way to jail said of the case: "The sentence was an outrage. It cannot help the cause of religion. Both boys said that they'd never go to church again, and I think that the forty or fifty boys who went to the railroad station with them will keep out of that particular church in future." THE merits of the ritualistic controversy in England are to be brought out in an argument before the arch-bishops, May 8. Whatever decision is given by the arch-bishops respecting the questions in dispute, will, it has been agreed, be accepted by both sides in the contro-versy. But how can any question of right and duty to-ward God be submitted to the decision of a human being? This itself is the essential feature of popery; and the settlement of the controversy on this basis marks a triumph for the Romish party. * NEWS has come to the world of a terrible famine in Russia, having up to the present time been suppressed by strict censorship of the Russian press. The calamity extends over the whole of four great provinces to the east of the Volga, and millions of the peasant popula-tion are its victims. The cause is a failure of crops, said to be more complete than that of the great famine year 1891-2. The Russian Red Cross society reports that 23 per cent of the people must die unless supported by private charity. * * THE Russian government is blamed for its indiffer-ence in relieving the situation after the famine seven years ago. At that time $60,000,000 was voted for re-lief, but in four years only $22,500,000 was spent on agriculture, while in a single year $260,000,000 was spent on the army and navy. Militarism makes a gov-ernment indifferent to death among its own subjects as well as among its enemies. * NEW YORK CITY is again to be subjected to the in: vestigations of a "Lexow" committee. So it is declared by a resolution passed in the state assembly at Albany. The committee is to probe into the raising and expendi-ture of a corruption fund by "Tammany Hall," and into every department of the city, government. * IT is admitted that the city is in a worse state to-day than it was prior to the great "reform" effort of some years ago. But notwithstanding the failure of that crusade to secure permanent results, the same method is to be employed again to bring purity out of still worse corruption. * * * Dr. Parkhurst, who won fame in connection with the former crusade, says the investigation will do no good, and he doesn't want to see anything done now, because the city brought this evil upon itself, and ought to suffer the consequences for a year or two as a just punishment. The Republican boss and the Tam-many boss worked together at the last election, and a corrupt party was put into power instead of the good 