102". l;igg.ggikr. 168 THE ANI.ERICA_N SENTINEL. NEW YORK, MAY 22, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving  the AMERICAN Siti.rrnist, without having  ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the-post-office. IT is clear that the chief effect of the late decision of the Supreme Court on the liquor question, will be to make the ques-tion of prohibition a national question only. Now that prohibition has become in-deed a national question let it be made strictly a political, and not a religious nor yet a religio-political, issue. Let the Na-tional Prohibition platform be stripped of its religious, National Reform features, and let it declare for prohibition straight, for prohibition only. Then it ought to win, and THE AMERICAN SENTINEL will do all it can to help it win. But so long as that platform retains its National Reform head, its religious body, and its Sunday tail, THE AMERICAN SENTINEL Will be uncompromisingly opposed to it " teeth and toe nail." Ł THE Mail and Express takes Doctor Talmage severely to task for allowing himself to be interviewed, for publication in a Sunday newspaper. But the Mail and Express recommends its own Satur-day evening's issue for reading on Sunday; and it is certain that in the Talmage inter-view there was nothing as dull and vapid as the matter of the Mail and Express habitually is; and it is likewise certain that there is not a Sunday paper in New York City which does not furnish much better reading than does the Saturday issue, or any other issue, of the Mail and Express. LAST fall, Rev. N. R. Johnston, of Oak-land, California, was appointed a member of a committee to organize local Sunday Unions in that State. In commenting upon this fact we incidentally remarked that it was certainly fit that he should be a member of the committee, since, though socially a very worthy man, his religious views were such that he could not see why if a theocracy was good for the Jews it would not be equally good for us; nor why if it was right anciently to put men to death for Sabbath breaking, it would not be the proper thing to do now. In short, we said that he was unable to dis-tinguish between a divinely - established theocracy and a man-made counterfeit of a divine theocracy. Mr. Johnston felt grieved at this, and complained, both privately and publicly, that we had mis- represented him. Till now we have re-mained silent under the charge, having in our removal to this city mislaid the evidence -of the truth of that which we said. However, a recent article in the Christian Statesman, from Mr. Johnston's pen, has furnished abundant evidence-that we stated the case none too strongly; and in this, and the preceding-  number of THE SENTINEL, under the heading, "How Far They Propose to Carry. It," this evidence is given. Mr. Johnston may not mean all that he says; in fact, we have often thought that he was better than his theory ; but he should not find fault when people take him just as he says, especially when he expresses his sentiments in carefully written articles for publication. THE twenty-fifth anniversary of the National Temperance Society was held in Broadway Tabernacle, this city, Tuesday May 13. The exercises were well attended, especially in the evening when the great building was crowded. The exercises throughout were more like those of a gen-uine temperance association than any which we have seen for many a day. In fact a genuine temperance organization is just what this Society is. The strong pleas that were made for the restoration of the real, good old temperance meetings and work, in which the effort should be to save men and build up strong individual characters, were in marked and refreshing contrast with the political harangues, the self-glorification, and the mutual admira-tion speeches of organizations labeled "Christian Temperance." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL heartily wishes the National Temperance Society the most unbounded success. IA DISPATCH gives the information that the Governor of California has "pardoned an innocent man." That is a most sin-elar proceeding, though it is not the_first time that it has been attempted by execu-tives in the States. Pardon necessarily implies guilt. If the man was innocent, of what then could he have possibly been pardoned? It will be said that the man had been convicted and sentenced by the State, though innocent, and in order to release him it was necessary to pardon him. Not at all. There is no place for pardon in the case. When the State con-victed a man who was innocent, then the State did wrong. And when the State discovered that it had done the wrong, even though it were mistakenly and un-intentionally, the only proper thing to do was to issue a public apology, and a proclamation fully exonerating the inno-cent man who had suffered such grievous injury. To offer a pardon in such a case is only to add insult to injury. To offer a pardon in such a case is both. to charge and to convict -of the crime of which it is proposed to pardon the man. And for a  man to accept pardon in such a case is to confess guilt. It would be well for gov-ernors at such times to bear in mind what justice is, and to be just before they un-dertake to be generous. It is impossible to pardon- an innocent man. IN a recent speech at Cooper Union, Dr. Mc Glynn said : Š We have long since got past the idea of paternal government. We do not believe in a Government that is to feed people till old age with a spoon. We believe in self-government, especially in political matters, and I am free to say that I believe in , a great deal of self-government in the Church as well as in the State. The average American must feel his blood boil -with indignation at this notion of nursing and coddling the working men and women, being kind to the beggars, taking interest in their moral and spiritual as well as their material welfare. The Doctor is quite right except in the statement that we have "got past the idea of paternal government." That idea is the bed-rock principle of Romanism, of Mormonism, of Nationalism, and of Na-tional Reformism, and as a Nation we are badly afflicted with all of these isms. In-deed paternalism seems to be in the very air. It has been well said, however, that a paternal government is an infernal government for the reason that it must of necessity trench upon the most sacred rights of the individual. The paternal idea of government is that the State de-cides what is best for the individual, and then undertakes to see that he gets it, whether he wants it or not. THE Dial, of Oakland, California, is strikingsome heavy blows against Sunday laws, and all religious legislation. We admire its talent but we cannot fully in-dorse all that it says, for the reason that it does not properly distinguish between Christianity and much of that which claims to be Christianity. Sunday laws are anti-Christian, and those who advo-cate them are, though it may be unwit-tingly, the enemies of the truth as it is in Jesus Christ. The Dial should recognize the fact that it is not Christianity but the lack of it which leads the Church to seek the aid of the civil power to support her institutions. Christianity is able, not only to stand alone, but to flourish under persecution. Indeed so true is this that it has been said that "the blood of the martyrs is the seed of the Church." TL'E AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything  tending  towards a Union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY, Pm YEAR, POST-PAID, . . . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . . . 75e. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 5s. Address, , AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 BOND STREET, NEW Your. 