AMERICAN-  SENTINEL_ 247 charge, satisfied himself by personal inquiry that the accusations of unfairness and discrimination against the Catholics were false and unfounded, and politely but firmly declined to remove the commissioner. "An attempt was then made to influence public sen-timent. Long inflammatory articles, full of inisstate-ments and libelous in their character, were printed in obscure Washington newspapers, boldly charging upon the Superintendent of Indian Schools and the Commis-sioner of Indian Affairs a definite purpose to make a clean sweep of all Catholics from the service, to destroy, if possible, the Roman Catholic Indian schools, to up-root Catholicism, if it might be, among the Indians, and in short to conduct the Indian Bureau as an anti-Catho-lic machine. A more gross, false, malicious, utterly un-justifiable charge, was never made against any public official, and the authors of the falsehoods well knew it. These accusations, however, were caught up and repro-duced in a large number of Roman Catholic newspapers, creating a very widespread conviction in the Roman Catholic mind that the Indian Office was a nest of big-otry, and that its policy of intolerance was upheld by President Harrison. "A very persistent, carefully-planned effort was made to defeat the confirmation by the Senate of both the commissioner and the superintendent of schools; the falsehoods and calumnies just referred to were printed in two formidable pamphlets and presented, together with a formal protest by the Roman Catholic Bureau, asking the Senate to reject the nominations of the offi-cers named, alleging that they were unfit persons to fill the positions to which they had been appointed. Appar-ently the entire hierarchy, from the cardinal down, in -eluding I should say, without exception, all the most prominent and representative prelates, joined in this extraordinary effort of one church seeking solidly to pre-vent the confirmation by the United States Senate of the appointment of officers of high rank in the public service, simply because they were not acceptable to that church. It is needless to go into a detailed account of the meth-ods adopted to accomplish their end. Let it suffice to say that the Jesuit priest, who planned the campaign and wrote a history of it afterwards, said in substance that nearly up to the day of the vote in the Senate it seemed almost certain that his plan would succeed, and he was very greatly chagrined and mortified when it failed. . . "Prominent Roman Catholic prelates attempted to defeat the renomination of President Harrison because of his attitude on the question of Indian education [charging him with being a bigot]. . . . He was in no sense a 'bigot,' and the charge preferred against him by the Romanists was not only false, but it was intoler-ant and introduced a religious test of the worst kind into our politics. . . . "It never will be known how large a factor in the contest was this effort of the Roman Catholic Church to overturn an administration and bring about an econ- omic revolution, with all the attendant evils that have followed. A great variety of causes combined to effect the result, and one of them was undoubtedly the atti-tude of the Romanist hierarchy. Indeed, prominent Ro-man Catholic journals boast that this was the determin-ing factor, and that it was the Roman Catholic vote that defeated President Harrison. "However this may be, the fact is patent and it is that for which this article has been written, and which I wish to make most emphatic, namely, that the Roman Catholic Church in America, numbering from 6,000,000 to 8,000,000 of adherents, with a voting population-of possibly a million and a half, constituting thus a tre-mendous factor which in almost any political contest holds 'the balance of power,' stands ready to use this vast power for the promotion of its own ecclesiastical interests at whatever expense to the general public. It thus ceases to be merely a church, a body of individual Christians seeking to worship God according to the dic-tates of their own consciences, and becomes a vast polit-ical machine, dominated by men who are not in sympa-thy with American institutions, who have been trained in the political philosophy and methods of the Old World, who believe sincerely that the pope is God's vice-gerent on earth, that he is the head of a sovereign state, justly entitled to rule absolutely; that the state ought to be subordinate to the church, and that the Roman Cath-olic Church should at all times and under all circum-stances seek to gain for itself every possible advantage in American politics. "The Roman Catholics have assumed an attitude on the Indian School question that is un-American, unpa-triotic, and a menace to our liberties. I challenge the course they are pursuing, as that of a corrupt ecclesias - tico-political machine masquerading as a church, a course that has been without precedent, and without justification. Its spirit has been that of the Inquisi-tion, its methods those of the disreputable politician, and its agencies, intrigue, secrecy, conspiracy, falsehood, and slander. These are very grave charges, but they are justified by the facts. "The apologists for the Roman Catholic Church, who insist that in America it is becoming liberalized, will find food for reflection in the significant fact that one of the most aggressive and influential leaders of this Roman Catholic attack upon the Governmental Indian policy, was the archbishop who now poses as the representa-tive of the so-called liberal, or American party of that church." The Sentinel Appreciated. THE president of a bank in a western city writes us the following:Š "Some unknown friend to me has kindly caused a SENTINEL to be sent to me for some time back, and I find so many good things in the paper that I want to become a regular subscriber, and to that end enclose New York draft for $1. "I feel under obligations to the friend who caused the paper to be sent to me, and if I knew who he was would willingly imburse him and tender him my thanks for the kindness." THE Republican party came into existence in an at-tempt to apply the Declaration of Independence to the black man; it seems likely to go out of existence for its refusal to apply the same principles to a brown manŠonly half black.ŠW. J. Bryan. 