Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas .7eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, APRIL 2, 1891. NUMBER 14. The Ametrican Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING, COMPANY, No. 43 Bow ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. IL Mc KEE. READING, writing, arithmetic, and geog-raphy are not, taught differently by a Methodist and by a Jesuit, but in precisely the same fashion, if they are taught prop-erly. TO say that a " godless " instruction in these branches of knowledge, or in any others that are properly within the prov-ince' of the public schools, is " necessarily immoral," is to make a perfectly meaning-less assertion.ŠNew York Times. T E Christian religion made its way into the world in -'opposition to all human governments. Banishment, tortures, and death were inflicted in vain to stop its progress. But 'many of its professors, as soon as clothed with political power, lost the meek spirit which their creed incul-cated, and began to inflict on other relig-ions, and on dissenting sects of their own religion, persecutions more aggravated than those which their own apostles had endured. ŠCol. Richard M. Johnson. Ł Ł OF the SaturdaY, half-holiday and the law,  which makes it such, the World says:Š It is difficult to see what can be done, apart_ from persuasion, to secure a more general observance of the Saturday half-holiday. The law does not com-pel any merchant or Shop-keeper orLfacteri owner to Clime his establishment on Saturday afternoon. Indeed, there is no power in the Legislature to enact suck a law. All that can be doneby statute is done. The law makes Saturday 'afterneon a half-holiday. It compels banks to close, renders the protest of notes and the like illegal, and thus makes it less easy than it would otherWiee be for general business to 'go on. a Consegtience most large, and many small, establishments close at noon on Saturday  during the summer. If they decline to do so at other times of the year they violate no law. . . If employers do not see fit to observe the half-holi-day in their own business there is nowhere any au-thority to compel them. We have italicized one sentence in the foregoing to call attention to the central thought in it, namely, that " there is, no power in the Legislature to enact " a law compelling suspension of business on Sat-urday afternoon. This we believe to be the truth. Then how is it' that laws are not only passed but are sustained by the courts compelling suspension of business on Sunday ? Ł Ł  What Is the Guide to Morality? AT the end of his discussion of the sub-ject of "Ethics for Schools," Mr. Bierbower come to " conscientiousness." In fact this point is touched upon in the very be-ginning of the introduction of the book, so that the beginning and the end, the first and the last, deals with the question of conscience. In stating " the ground of right," the second paragraph in the book says :Š We recognize right by our judgment of what is best, and by a feelingŠconscienceŠwhich indicates, as the result of many impressions, what we ought to do, and impels us thereto. And the last chapter of the book begins with the following paragraph The most general rule of morality is to do what you believe right and good, and to preserve the per-petual consciousness of,  this by instantly performing your duty, when seen. Goodness is simple when thus reduced to one rule. For you have but to look at your conscience to see your duty, conscience being the sense of what we ought to de, which results from all our thought and information on the sub-ject. ŠPage 283. Ł This ground of right is just as treacher-ous as that which was discovered in the previous article on this subject; in fact, it is the same thing only stated in other words; yet as it enters the realm of con-science it touches the real ground of su-preme right, and ultimate good. If con-science were a true guide, then this rule would be good enough; but conscience is not a true guide. Conscience as a guide  is as erratic as any other faculty in man. The truth is that conscience itself must be guided. This is admitted by the book now under notice. One statement to this effect is as follows :Š Ł It is important then in taking conscience as a guide, to have it in working order.ŠPage 284. Yes, we should naturally suppose so. Any kind of an instrument that is not in working order is not of much use; and especially in questions of conscience and of ultimate right. And in this case even to think of taking as a guide an instru-ment that could ever by any possibility get out of working order, seems a most singu-lar suggestion. Another statement to the same purpose is as follows :Š We can not do right to-day on yesterday's wrongs ; so that men should often straighten out their con-science to get its legitimate indications. ŠPage 28.4. And again:Š Inspect your conscience as well as your observance of it, or, rather, look after your views of right as well as your conformity thereto. ŠPage 290. Of what use is a rule of right which goes so much awry and becomes so easily kinked that it needs " often " to be straight-ened out ? And, of what use is a guide that has to be held up for inspection every little while ? Again we read :Š Though conscience may err, it is the best judg-ment we haveŠthe pointing of the compass after all the conflicting forces which would diversely im-pel us, and so coming of our knowledge to a head in the will.ŠPage 283. With how much certainty can a compass be depended upon which not only may, but confessedly does, often point the wrong way ? What insurance company or ship owner would send a ship to sea with such a compass as that ? What captain or sailor would think of starting to sea with such a compass ? The strangest part of this whole systein of ethics, is that con-science would be recommended as a guide, when it is stated repeatedly not only that it may err, but that it does err; often. There is another question which arises here. How is conscience to be inspected ? - Who is to conduct the inspection ? Who 