374 g1b21N971INIE11_4., Vol.. 9, No. 47. Alexander Campbell Against Sunday Laws. [In 1820 there was organized in West Middletown, Washington Co., Pa., a society, called the West Mid-dletown Moral Society. The principal object of the society was to enforce the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, which is still on the statute books of the State. This Moral Society was organized by the United Presbyterians, the same people who, later in 1863, organized the National Reform Association. Alex-ander Campbell, the founder of the Christian or Dis-ciple Church, ably opposed the society in a series of articles published in the Reporter, of Washington, county seat of Washington County. His articles were signed "Candidus." A United Presbyterian minister, by the name of Wylie, attempted to defend the society, and signed himself " Timothy." The discussion con-tinued from April 17, 1820, the date of Mr. Campbell's first article, to February 22, 1822, during which time almost every phase of the compulsory Sunday law question was treated. As a result the Moral Society perished, not to appear again until 1863 when it was revived by the same denomination under the name, National Reform Association. Every word of Mr. Campbell's invincible logic and withering denuncia-tion is applicable to the association, resuscitated under the name, National Reform Association, and kindred organizations, such as the American Sabbath Union, the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, etc.] WITHOUT introduction or apology, I proceed to examine Mr. Timothy's remarks upon my fifth objection to Judge Rush's address The objection, as quoted by Mr. T., is as follows, viz.: " While the law prohibits many from industry allowable on other days, it allows them to spend the day reading newspapers, writing letters of business or amusement, talking politics, or speculating upon any carnal or tem-poral topic." Mr. T. commences his ob-servation on the above objection, in the following words, which he amplifies by illustration, viz. :Š It was before intimated that there are many degrees of the same crime, and that it would be absolutely impossible to make laws which would reach all crimes in all their degrees. Ł He adds :Š The crime- of Sabbath breaking in all its branches and degrees cannot be punished by human laws. This he illustrates by the laws concerning murder. In the above, as indeed in all his previous remarks, the main question is begged, which ought to have been proven, viz : That men have a right to make laws concerning the institutes of religion. A second mistake in the above is, that he places the laws respecting murder . and th:-, laws respecting religion and divine worship under the same head. But a third and more glaring abberration from propriety in the above, is the principle he has assumed, to oppose my fifth objection, viz.: That there are certain degrees of the crime of Sabbath-breaking to be pun-ished by civil law, and some degrees which aro not, because he presumes they can not. Think not, sir, that I am forcing a meaning on his words which is not in them; for he endeavors to make me appear ridiculous for not admitting the above principle, in the following retort: " Be-cause the law can not prohibit Sabbath-breaking in every degree, therefore it should not prohibit it in any!" The civil law has made three degrees of murder; how many, then, has it made of Sabbath-breaking ? Mr. T. has loft us in the dark as to this, which he ought not to have done, seeing he is the author of this new theory. But he has been forced into this new theory, in order to oppose my fifth objection. He was obliged to place, talking politics, writing letters of busi-ness, carnal conversation, under the sec-ond, or for anything I know, under the sixth degree of the crime of Sabbath-breaking. One thing we learn, however, that driving a wagon is to be placed under  the first degree of this crime, for it comes under those degrees which the civil " law can reach." 'Tis true he has said something below, which, perhaps, he designed should help us out viz.: That "overt acts," " acts susceptible of truth," in ordinary cases are to be " punished by law." But un-fortunately, this makes the theory worse, for then, either talking politics, carnal conversation, etc., are not overt acts of Sabbath-breaking; they are not suscepti-ble of proof in ordinary cases, or they should, on his own new principle, be pun-ished by civil law. 0 error, into what perplexing mazes, into what winding laby-rinths, into what self-contradiction, dost thou lead thy silly captives, thy forlorn votaries! ! But, perhaps, I have gone too far; let us take another look at it. Overt acts include every act that is not purely mental. To speak a mischievous word, to do a mischievous action, are equally overt acts and equally cognizable by civil laws in certain circumstances. Defamation, slander, and lying, are overt acts, and susceptible of proof in many instances, in " ordinary occasions," but not more so, than talking politics, or carnal conversa-tion of any kind, in " ordinary cases." So then, view this new theory as we may, it helps its inventor nothing, for in spite of all efforts, it defeats his plan, and sub-jects the law to my fifth objection. Again, it is a most pernicious theory to morals on Mr. T.'s own principle. For in placing all other acts of Sabbath profana-tion in " some degree" inferior to those fined by the law of '94, it tacitly, yea, it manifestly, holds forth the idea, it teaches that talking politics, reading newspapers, writing letters of business, etc., are subor-dinate degrees of this crime, and are not "overt acts" of Sabbath profanation. Is this the result of the principle [with which] T. assumes to refute me ? Yes, inevitably it is. It obliges him to draw distinctions at the utmost variance with the Bible, and with right reason, to make those sins committed by the tongue less overt acts of crime than those committed by the hands or feet. Now I cheerfully admit that civil laws can not reach the thought, and who says that they can ? But I say that if civil law is to take cognizance of the transgression of the fourth commandment, it must, it should, take cognizance of all violations of it in word or deed; and that talking on anything carnal, or by speaking our own, words, the commandment is trans-gressed equally as overtly;  as actually, as in doing our own deeds. Upon the whole, then, I conclude that Mr. T.'s efforts to exclude the force of my fifth objection, neither does honor to him as a moralist, a teacher, or a divine. I proceed to notice one of those ebulli-tions of genius and wit which Timothy next exhibits, which would do honor to a punster or an epilogue or prologue writer of Drury-lane, or to some of the Don Quixotes of the last century. When he had failed in his own conscience, in refut-ing anything that I had said, he be-thought himself of making a Candidus of his own, which he constructs upon such a scale, as he thought he could not fail to knock down; and when he has done, when he has got his foot upon his neck, he cries out, 0, do you see what a hero I am ? Only look what I have done! I allude to the passage in which he exclaims, " Ye Rushes,, ye Lockes, ye Grotiuses, hide, hide your diminished heads." Demolish  your prisons, your penitentiaries as worse than so many Bastiles. Away with stat-ute books, courts of justice, judges, and legislators! This is eloquence. This is rhetoric. 0 ye Demosthenes, ye Ciceroes, ye ancients, ye modern orators, hide, hide your diminished heads ! because the real Candidus advocated the office of the civil magistrate, because he maintains that in all things . . . civil, affecting the life, liberty, reputation, and property, of the members of the community, laws should exist, and be justly administered. It would not suit to impeach him as an advocate for anarchy ; therefore the genius of T. raises a new Candidus, one that just suits his purpose, one that is an enemy to all coercion in enforcing the civil and relative duties of citizen to citizen; one that would coerce men to all the acts of devotion ! ! To offer any other remark on this truly astonishing paragraph, would be an insult on every reader that can understand the import of one proposition, that knows that all true religion com-mences in, and proceeds from, the heart. 0 ye Pains, and ye Peters, and ye Johns, who taught your followers to instruct op-posers of your holy religion in meekness; to walk wisely toward them that are with-out; to let your light shine before men, for their conviction and reformation ; how sadly were you mistaken. Had you been under the tuition of this eminent moralist, had you studied in his college, you would have known better, you would have seen that fines, imprisonments, and penal statutes, were the true means of conviction and reformation in things reli-gious !ŠCandidus (Alexander Campbell), in Washington (Pa.) Reporter, April 30, 1821. -4.-  Ł Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] In Jail for Chopping Wood. WASHINGTON, Nov. 16.ŠAn interesting feature of the Seventh-day Adventists in convention here was a recital in the report of Secretary S. B. Horton, which was read to-day, of the persecution to which the denomination is subject in certain locali-ties. It was reported that two members are in jail at Centreville, Md., for chop-ping wood on Sunday. In some places it has been impossible to induce insurance companies to insure churches on account of the threats of in-cendiarism, and the secretary said that he had often been served with "whitecap" no-tices when trying to conduct meetings.ŠThe World, Nov. 17. THE appeal of the pope to all believers in Christ outside the church to come back into the unity of the one fold, is not to be a cry in the night of schism and heresy, followed by no action. Already a confer-ence of Eastern Patriarchs is in session in Rome devising means to facilitate the re-turn, to communion with the apostolic see, of the churches in the Orient and a move-ment has begun to make easy the home-coming of a number of clergymen in Eng-land belonging to the Anglican Establish-ment. Even in this country the good leaven is at work. Referring to it, the 