EW:NOEIK, llAt 15, 1890. TIDE AMERICAN SENTINEL. ,Ł NOTE Any, O1ker'iteliing 'the ISIERI4N SENTINEL without having Ordered' that it is-'sent to him by some fri4114;..ciSlesS;PlMtilYAMRked SitAnPie copy;' It is our invari-able:rulpt,,,send-Ontrno,paperS without pay Madvapce, except by sWItil .arratigetfteit, -therefore.; those who haVe not ordered the iiX&TI4 ,:p0q0— they wi1U asked to pay for it sirnl fusethey takwit'frOnthepop i SSUNDAY, Apra In Salt a__e City, - what,' seems to have been a sort of mass-meeting was' held to consider' " The obli-gation of the civil authorities. to protect the, AmeriCan Sabbath.'' The Meeting was addressed by Rev. Doctors Vincent, Iliff,, Thrall and Mc Neice. The Sunday movement is more 'than holding its own as a question of national influence. SUNDAY night,' May 4, the Rev, A. B. Kendig, 'D. D., pastor of the Hanson Place Methodist Episcopal Church, Brooklyn, New York, spoke on the " National Im-portance of the Sabbath." One of his statements in regard to those who oppose Sunday laws was this: " We must say to therni," 'If you:put yoUr finger upon the Sabbath, you die from among your fel-lows.! " The gosPel 'of the Sunday-law preachers is altogether a gospel of force. It is stated that the late persecution of the Jews in, Vienna became .so, dangerous to shopkeepers that the city recently appeared Ł covered with 'such signi as " I am Ła Christian Tradesman; " Christian Brandy Shop; " " Christian Cheesenion- ger; " Christian Old . Clothes, Shop." And that is just what we would see in this country should the hopes-  of the National Reformers be Every thing would be metaphorically labelled, " Christian." E-versr corrupt politician and political "boss" in the cOuntry would be a " Chris-tian ;7:  we might reasonably expect the "conversion" of Tammany en mass8,,and boodle and bdodlers would rule the " Church " just as they now manipulate the wards:' THE'' T-HE-' New York World late157*cured a unique kind of an interview witWUnited Statel'Seriater Ingalls, by which it secured the ':'Senator's': views' on a :goodly num-ber .ot interesting question's. The Sen-ator?S:Staternent:':On one point touches a matter to which we have called Otention in these colninns considerably. Of late ; that 'is;',the drift toward paternalism in Government. He Said It' begins teappear as if individuals had no rights or no private business which the Government was bound to, mpoct, The injustice of sooiety, and the' ineqUiditY. of conditions haVe 'given: an, enormous imp-4)44 to the': idea:Or national*, the, -Control of all economic agenies4by tl3e direct interposition of the, iSekilin.T. ''This 1s :th*.180,601,r*tion from individualism; on which our system was founded. The hope that -Political equality would result in the destruction of poverty and in social fraternity has not been realited; ' There are= arger priVite fert-unes, -there is greater Political power hi fewer hands; in other words, there is more tyranny in the Republic than in a monarchy, The etrongest sucŠceeds more rapidly =and more readily here because'  liberty being common to all, ,there are no, restraints and limitations to overcome. The demand now is, therefore, not that, all' shall be free, but that all shall, be restrained from the full exercise of their'  faculties and from the enjoyment of their acquisi-tions. THE Society of Working ŁGirls held a convention in this city several days ago, and in the convention it was stated that in Philadelphia a girls' class in stained glass had been stopped by the Glass Work-ers' Union, upon which the _Independent justly remarks :Š " This is' an extraordinary statement. We can hardly imagine how it could be done except by terrorizing the teacher who may have been a member 'of the Glass Workers' Union. The Union which attempts to prevent children from learning trades, which fights against its own sons and daughters is cowardly and silly as -well. The hope of the country rests in the education of its youth into intelligent bread:winning activities." ANOTHER important statement made by Senator Ingalls in the World interview is the following; it is strictly true and is worthy of careful consideration by those who now are Making so much of what they choose to call " Christianity " in pol- itics:Š The purification of politics is an iridescent dream. Government is foi:ce. Politics is a battle for su-premacy. Parties are the armies. The decalogue and the golden rule have no place in a political campaign. The object is success. To defeat the antagonist and expel the party in power is, the pur-pose. The Republicans and Democrats are as irrec-oncilably opposed to each other as were Grant and Lee in the Wilderness. They use ballots instead of guns, but the struggle is as unrelenting and desper-ate and the result sought for the same. In war it is lawful to deceive the adversary, to hire Hessians, to purchase mercenaries, to mutilate, to to de- stroy. The commander who lost a- bOtfle414ough the activity of his moral nature wonla be the deris-ion and jest of history. SOME time ago the SENTINEL expressed its gratification that the Young Men's Christian Association had kept itself clear of all the religio-political movements that have arisen. We are now compelled to retract that statement, at least so far as the Young Men's Christian AssoCiation of California is concerned. It seems that the leader of the State Sunday-Law ASso-ciation there, is a member of the Young Men's Christian Association, and in hiS work he assumes to wield the political power of that Association in favor of can-didates for the Legislature who Will pledge -themselves in- favor 'of a SUndaY FJepn tlp?../k2y*Aicqn of Fresno City, California; f Aprii 22, 1890, We clip the  following editorial note which explains the situation, and which .is important upon more than thiS particular point of the Sunday-law issue :Š Whet). Dr. EdWard Thompson outlined the policy of the Young Men's Christian Association in politics, on Sunday evening in his lecture on the " Necessity of a Sunday Law," he gave the .Association a re-sponsibility which will cause it considerable trouble, acceptinŠ the lecturer's statement r s correct. In regard is) the coming political contest in this State the speaker said that while the Lssociation was not a political one in any sense, still they proposed to Make their influence felt, by waiting until after legislative candidates were nominated, then they would go to the dominant party and ask its candi-date to pledge himself to vote for a Sunday law. In case he would do so they would vote for him, but should he refuse, the energies of voting mem-bers of the Young Men's Christian Association would be united to encompass his defeat. The public at large would like to know if the speaker was authorized . to reflect the sentiment of the Fresno branch of the Association. Ł Ł  THE Philadelphia Sabbath Association held its Fiftieth Anniversary, Sunday and Monday, April 27 and 28. Rev. Dr. J. A. Hoyt, pastor of the Chambers Presbyterian Church, delivered the speech of welcome, in which he said :Š How strange that an institution born with the creation, adorned with moral law and brightened with the light of the resurrection, should need sup-port! Yet it is so, like that other sacred institution of the past, marriage. Man has trampled -upon both, and it is necessary to make an effort to force men to realize the great gift of God. This is just what we have been telling the people for years. We have known all the time that the Sunday-laiv movement was only an effort to force men to recog-nize God and the religious obligations of Sunday. Just how much force will be required to cause men fully and properly to realize the great gift of God, Mr. Hoyt did not attempt to tell. That doubtless is left for consideration when the law, and the power to use such force, shall have been obtained. Then how much force shall be used can readily be decided by the ecclesiastical managers. ALMOST every speech that is made by those who are prominent in the Sunday-law movement, more fully illustrates the truth that those professed ministers of the gospel have forgotten what the gospel is. IN proportion as the ecclesiastics become co-legislators, heresies become civil crimes, and liable to civil punishments.-Dean THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN VIGIIT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The.defense' of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and :the maintenance, of human Ł rights both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union, of Church and State, 'either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY, PER,  YEAR, Posr--Plan, . . . . $1.m. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . . . . 715c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 58. Address, AMERICAN SEN'I'INEE. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 