322 ALNIOEIRLICA.N SIENrrINIEIA VOL. 11, No. 41. laws restricting her " rights and privileges" have either been repealed or are dead letters upon the statute books. In the United States "the church" has made marvelous progress, not only in num-bers, but in influence; and this latter feature of her growth has been due in large measure to the idea that Romanism in America was es-sentially different from Romanism in Europe, and that even there the Papacy was becoming more democratic, more liberal, more Chris- tian. Leo's professions of friendship for republics generally, and for the United States in par-ticular, were received by thousands of nom-inal Protestants at par, and many who only a few years before regarded Rome as the "mother of harlots," of the Scriptures, were ready to hail her as "one branch of the great army of the Redeemer." Doubtless this was just as the Pope wanted it to.be. The Papacy had much to gain and nothing to lose by a "liberal" policy. Once recognized by Protestantism as one branch of the true church, and that without any ac-knowledgment on her part of the validity of Protestant filth or polity, Romanism had gained a position of vantage from which she can never be dislodged. That position Rome now occupies in the United States, and she gained and holds it, not by right but by craft; she has come into it by flatteries. And now having by guile secured from American " Protestantism" recognition as one grand division of the true church, that Protestantism is estopped from making warfare upon Roman Catholicism. Friendly rivalry there may in- deed still be, but antagonism on the part of Protestants who have admitted the claims of Rome would be only self-stultification; for if Romanism is Christianity then antagonism to Romanism is antagonism to Christianity. But while unwary "Protestantism" is thus placed at a disadvantage Rome is free; for while " Protestantism," not only in America, but in England, and to some extent upon the Continent as well, has been seduced into the recognition of the fundamental claims of Rome, the Papacy has conceded nothing. The Pope has simply played the liberal ele-ment of the Roman Catholic Church against liberal Protestantism, and, as we have seen, has won. Apropos to this subject is the following extract from a letter by Mgr. Leon Bouland to Rev. James O'Connor, of this city, under date of September 12, 1896. Mgr. Bouland said a result of my investigations I am more firmly convinced than ever that it is vain to expect any re-form from the Vatican or the Roman priesthood; and therefore I experience a new happiness in separating myself from them. When they extend the hand with professions of a deceptive liberalism, they only seek to ply their arts of seduction more sedulously. This is exactly what Rome has been doing, not only in the United States but everywhere, notably in England.. In that country the High Church party has for years been lured Romeward with the hope of organic union with the papal church upon the basis of the recognition of the Anglican Church and. An-glican orders. But recently, after prominent English church leaders had gone so far as to make graceful retreat impossible, the Pope consents to " reopen " the question, examines the whole ground carefully, and blandly, but t Mgr. Leon Bouland was some years ago a French Catholic priest and private chamberlain to Pope Leo XIII. He re-nounced Romanism, was received into the Episcopal Church by Bishop Potter, and remained in that communion until the publication of the Pope's appeal about a year since foribthe reunion of Christendom. Touched by this appeal Mgr. Bouland returned to Rome, but was soon undeceived, and feels that he has now bidden a final adieu to popery. firmly tells the ritualist of the Anglican Church, and Anglicans generally, that they are entitled to no recognition as belonging to the Church of Christ; that being outside of the Roman Catholic Church they are out-side of the Christian Church; and by seek-ing union with Rome they have virtually ad-mitted it. Touching this point the Outlook of the 10th inst. says: " The English Catholics in the Established Church must now choose be-tween remaining in what they have practi-cally conceded to be a schismatical position, or going over, as Manning and Newman and many other members of the same party did years ago, to the Roman Catholic body."  This is only the simple truth. Rome has placed weak-kneed Protestantism in both Europe and America at a decided disadvan-tage, and can now well afford to renew her claim that she is "the Church of Christ" to the exclusion of all others. The Protestant-ism that has ceased to protest has no sufficient answer to this claim. STORY ON THE FIRST AMENDMENT. JUDGE STORY, in his " Exposition of the Constitution," speaks thus of the object of the First Amendment:Š " The same policy which introduced into the Constitution the prohibition of any relig-ious test, led to this more extended prohibi-tion of the interference of Congress in relig-ious concerns. We are not to attribute this prohibition of a national religious establish-ment to an indifference to religion in general, and especially to Christianity (which none could hold in more reverence than the framers of the Constitution), but to a dread by the people of the influence of ecclesiastical power in matters of government; a dread which their ancestors brought with them from the parent country, and which, unhappily for human in-firmity, their own conduct, after their emi-gration, had not, in any just degree, tended to diminish. It was also obvious, from the numerous and powerful sects existing in the United States, that there would be perpetual temptations to struggles for ascendancy in the national councils, if any one might thereby hope to found a permanent and exclusive na-tional establishment of its own; and religious persecutions might thus be introduced, to an extent utterly subversive of the true interests and good order of the Republic. The most effectual mode of suppressing the evil in the view of the people, was to strike down the temptations to its introduction." AS TRUE OF PROTESTANT PAPERS. THE' Catholic Review, in its issue of the 10th inst., administers this fitting rebuke to the Catholic papers which have also become partisan political journals:Š Catholic papers that are also partisan political jour-nals, are a detriment to the church. In the public mind, they identify the religious and the political causes that they advocate; and they offend and scan-dalize those among their readers who cannot look at public affairs through their spectacles. In questions affecting faith, morals or Catholic rights, they have the right and they may also have the duty to speak out trumpet-voiced. But their influence will be less than proper, if they have prejudiced the people against their fairness by loud partisanship on matters purely political. They injure their cause by wandering be-yond their sphere. These words are just as applicable to Prot-estant as to Catholic papers. As indicated  by the Catholic Review, there are in this dis-cussion of purely political questions by the religious press, and by the pulpit, two great evils: First, it identifies in the public mind religious and political issues; and second, it tends to separate between pastors and people, and destroys largely the influence for spiritual good, which the ministers and religious papers would otherwise have. The AMERICAN SENTINEL has no desire to influence a single vote in the coming election. All the advice we have to give to any man is, Be honest; if you vote, vote your convictions. There is a moral question for every man, in-volved not only in this but in every matter, a question which he alone can settle, namely, that of being honest with himself and with his fellowmen. The man who in the present political con-test votes for free silver believing that thereby he can defraud his fellowmen, is a thief at heart; but in this respect he differs not one iota from the man who votes for gold because he believes its triumph will enable him to accumulate, not his own earnings, but the earnings of others. It follows that before the monetary ques-tion can become a moral question to any man he must be satisfied as to the merits of the political question; his mind must be at rest upon the question of where right and justice are to be found. If, then, he violates his conscience, either for immediate or for ulti-mate gain, he, like Esau, sells his birthright for a mess of pottage. The pulpit and the religious press should teach sound morals, leaving to statesmen and political economists questions of finance, pro-tective tariffs, etc. The divine commission is, "PREACH THE WORD." THE WORLD COMPETING WITH THE CHURCH. THE inroads of the bicycle " craze" upon Sunday attendance at church service is a matter which agitates the minds of many clergyinen, and draws from them many com-plaints, if we may believe what is reported. A writer in the Christian Statesman, of Sep-tember 26, says that the clergy " are sorely perplexed in trying to get something more lively in their sermons than the dazzling, half-flying steed of steel. But flights of rhetoric," he continues, "are nothing to it, and excursions into scientific objections to Christianity are sleepy beside the thrilling wheel. Not even an almost swearing sermon against the Chicago Democratic platform is now sufficient" for the purpose. Would it not be well for the clergy to pause and consider whether this effort to compete with the attractions of the world is in the line of the gospel commission which they are supposed to be carrying into execu-tion ? May not one great reason for non-attendance at church services be found in the nature of the sermons which are commonly preached ? If successful preaching be a mat-ter of competing, with the worldly attractions furnished in this age of excitement and in-vention, then the popular sermonizing of the day is in the right direction; but a serious doubt must be felt respecting the ability of any preacher to achieve success in this line. It must be evident that in the matter of giving spice and variety to the church service, and in devising attractions to win the support of the people for church work, the limit has -been about reached. Soon it will be neces-sary to find some means to corral the people in the churches on Sundays in order to make sure of good-sized congregations. 