Sine Copy, Per Year " Six months Three months ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 621 first-rate for "business," and for bossing politics and manipulating government. Machine religion, a religion of forms, is one that doesn't require its votaries to bur- Łdien themselves seriously with piety or restraint. The bosses (priests) attend to all that, vicariously. Such machine is a valuable adjunct to business and money getting.Š Washington Chronicle. Somebody Else. THE little opposition member in our family rose from prayers the other morning with the exclamation, "Papa, I had to open my eyes four times at prayers to see if Ruthie had her eyes shut." Child life is not the only sphere where the doings of "somebody else" cause trouble. Grown-up children fre-quently permit Satan to put them on his private detec-tive list. Thus the good that they would do is marred by watching for the inconsistencies of others. God has not made you the sin-bearer of the world, nor yet of your brother. "Every man must give an account of himself to God." When we begin measuring the life of another it means that we neglect our own. Christ's message is, "What is that to thee; follow thou me." God is well able to look after the "somebody else" with-out our selfish interference.ŠBible Echo. The Divine Touch. PERHAPS the most expressive feature in the work and life of Jesus Christ was the fact that "he touched men." He did not harangue the masses or endeavor to rule the government. He met individuals in their need, and touched them. His work was a work of personal interest. He sought the individual. He talked to Nico-demus by night, and to the woman at Jacob's well. He called Zaccheus clown from the tree, and Peter from his fishing boat. He sought to comfort Martha, of Beth-any, and finally whispered the promise of life to a man awaiting death on the cross. If you would work as he worked, take personal interest enough in men to touch them in their need.ŠEx. Washington's Last Years. IDEALLY HAPPY WERE THE GREAT STATESMAN AND HIS WIFE AT IJIOUNT VERNON. trouble in hearing, there was little of the usual appear-ance of age in his muscular person, his gait and his strong, pock-marked face. He was affable and merry with his best friends, but while he had the true hospital-ity of a Southern gentleman in inviting every visitor from a distance to his table or to a bed over night, his politeness was generally formal. Yet if he particularly enjoyed the conversation of a guest he would pay him the compliment of listening to him until after nine o'clock, or even of lighting him with the candle to a bedroom for the night. Mrs. Washington at this time was a healthy, pleasant and unostentatious little wo-man, still showing traces of good looks and with seldom any other thought than of playing respectably her role of mistress of the house of a country gentleman, of car-ing for the negroes, or of amusing herself with her knit-ting. She had great pride in her receipt for making 'cherry bounce,' and on a midsummer day she cut out thirty-two pairs of breeches for the men working on the farm. She had said that she and the General felt like children just released from school when he left the Presidency, and she told of her satisfaction in settling down again to the 'duties of an old-fashioned Virginia housekeeper, steady as a clock, busy as a bee, and cheer-ful as a cricket.'" A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to the FOREIGN MIS-SION BOARD, 150 Nassau Street, New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bans Drat/ on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing CO., not to the editor ort,any other individual. it. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN S   1-1;1\TTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCJATIW% PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. AT the time of his retirement to Mount Vernon,  after the expiration of his term as President, "the tall figure of Washington was only slightly bent, and he was still supposed to weigh upward of two hundred pounds," writes William Perrine, in "The Last Years of Washing-ton's Life," in the October Ladies' Home Journal. "Ex-cepting his gray hair and his false teeth, and some 