THE AMERICAN SENTINELŁ 195 day law for is that people may go to church. They want the people to hear their version of the invitation of the Master; but suppose the toiler does not care to hear that invitation, even when he is forcibly compelled to desist from labor. Why, then, they will necessarily take steps to compel him to listen. In the same line was the complaint made by Dr. M. C. Briggs, in a Sunday-law meeting held in Oakland a few years ago. He said in sub-stance, "You relegate the teaching of morals to the churches, and then make it impossible for us to teach the people, by allowing them to go where they please." Now, if Mr. Crafts thinks that the charge that the, Sunday-law movement will result in compell-ing people to attend church is absurd and false, we will give him space in the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL to show it. One more point we will notice, and then we will leave Mr. Crafts for the present. He says: "The laws of our statute books that re-enact the seventh commandment are as distinctly Biblical in their origin as the laws that re-enact a part of the fourth commandment." We would ask what the necessity is for the re-enactment of either the seventh or the fourth commandment. Nay, what possibility is there for the re-enacting of either of these command-ments, or for any other commandment of the dec-alogue? Those commandments never have been abrogated. They stand as firm as when first given by the Almighty. Therefore there is no necessityfor their re-enactment, and certainly it would be the height of presumption for any body of men to presume to re-enact laws given by the Creator. To assume that the State can do such work is to place it not only equal with God, but above God ; and this assumption on the part of Mr. Crafts shows the work in which he is engaged to be papal in its character. Not only so, but it shows that Mr. Crafts and those who are labor-ing with him to the same end have no under-standing of the commandments, or they would not make so ridiculous an assumption as that the State can either enact or re-enact them. Still further, such a statement shows that those who make it are preparing to sink not only themselves but the whole people into the grossest immorality under the garb of Christianity. And here is the proof. The State can enforce only outward obedience to the commandments; but simply outward obedience to the commandments is no obedience at all. A man may be the gross-est libertine, and still not commit any violation of the seventh commandment of which the State could take any notice. Yet, Mr. Crafts says that the laws of the State do re-enact the seventh and fourth commandments. This shows then, so great a misunderstanding of the com-mandments as to suppose that they require only such service as the State can enforce. Therefore, since the law of God is the standard of morality, those who hold with Mr. Crafts that the State can "re-enact" and enforce that law, will con-sider themselves moral if they comply with as much of that law as the State can enforce, that is, if they simply observe it outwardly. In other words, they will be in the very same condition as were the scribes and Pharisees, of whom Christ says, "Ye are like unto whited sepulchers, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men's bones, and of all uncleanness. Even so ye also appear outwardly righteous unto men, but within ye are full of hypocrisy and in- iquity." If this charge is a severe one, the re-sponsibility of it rests with Mr. Crafts and his fellows, and not with us. E. J. W. s- Ł 1- What is Sectarianism? SENATOR BLAIR'S proposed amendment to the Constitution is to the effect that no sectarian re-ligion shall be taught in the public schools. Yet the men who went to Washington to plead for the adoption of that amendment, argued before the committee entirely from a Protestant standpoint upon a Protestant basis, and in behalf of Protes-tantism as directly opposed to Catholicism. The proof is abundant. George K. Morris, D. D., of Philadelphia, said to the committee:Š " I ask your attention to the fact that on this matter of the proposed constitutional amendment the country stands divided along a line indicated by the evangeli-cal church bodies on one side and the Roman Catho-lic Church on the other." The argument of James M. King, D. D., who represented the Evangelical Alliance, was aimed directly at "Jesuit attempts to misrepresent and blacken the schools," "Jesuit attempts to drive the Bible from the schools," and " the hostility of Jesuits to American institutions." He attacked the " Ultramontane boasts," and exposed "the low civilization of the Catholic colony in New York." He declared:Š " The testimony of statesmen, political economists, and historians . . . warns us as a people to be-ware of the Jesuits and Ultramontanes." In short, there was not a single argument pre-sented by any one of the men who spoke in favor of the amendment, that was not aimed directly at the Roman Catholic Church and its doctrines, nor one that was not intentionally made directly antagonistic to that church and her doctrines. And yet they pretended all the time to be arguing in favor of what they called a "broad tolerant Christianity," and pleaded for the adoption of an amendment to the Constitution of the United States forbidding any use whatever of any public money in support of instruction in any religion sectarian in its character. From the facts in the case, as they appear on the face of the record, the manifest conclusion is that these men must hold that Catholicism is sectarian while Protestantism is not. In other words tll'at the religion of the majority is not sectarian. According to their own proceeding, it is apparent that if that resolution were adopted the question that is to be settled by it, instead of being so, would be more unsettled than it has ever yet been in this country ; because if that amendment were adopted, as it is the religion of the majority only which is non-sectarian, there would arise an inevitable religio-political contest amongst the religious bodies, to determine which could secure the majority, by which alone it could prove that it was not sectarian. The truth is, that the arguments of those men before the Committee on Education and Labor were wholly disingenuous, if not hypocritical. Suppose a committees of Roman Catholic bishops and priests had gone before the Senate Committee and argued in favor of that same con-stitutional amendment by an attack upon Protes-tantism, giving their opinion of it, and what, ac- cording to their opinion, its tendency is, and all this while pleading for an amendment forbidding public support for sectarian religion. Would not the Protestants throughout the country, and these men themselves, have counted that a queer way to secure instruction in the public schools in  non-sectarian religion ? There is no doubt what-ever that they would. But if that would be so when done by Roman Catholics, wherein is it better when done by Protestants? We are not defending the Roman Catholic Church as such, nor her doctrines. We are only defending her rights. We have no disposition at all to deny any statement that was made by these divines before the Senate Committee against the Catholic Church or her doctrines. We think the statements are all true; but what we are ob-jecting to here is the way in which these professed Protestants undertake to plead for a non-secta-rian religion in the public schools, by arguing straight ahead upon a sectarian basis. Catho-lics have all the rights that Protestants have ; Catholics have just as much right to their views of the public school question as Protestants have. Catholics have a right to ask that a constitu-tional amendment shall be adopted establishing Catholicism as a non-sectarian religion just as much as Protestants have to ask for an amend-ment establishing Protestantism as a non-sectarian religion. The truth of the whole subject is simply that, with religion, sectarian or non-sectarian, in the public schools or anywhere else, the State can never of right have anything to do. A. T. J. N . 1. The Political State as a Teacher of Morality. THE following quoted paragraphs are from a pamphlet entitled "The School Question from a Parental and Non-sectarian Standpoint," by Hon. Zach. Montgomery, Assistant Attorney-General of the United States. The chapter from which the extracts are taken bears the same title as this ar-ticle, and is a criticism of section 1702 of the California School law, which provides that "It  shall be the duty of all teachers to endeavor to im-press upon the minds of the pupils the principles of morality." We trust that this will be carefully read by all, as it is an unanswerable argument against Sena-tor Blair's proposed Educational Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. Mr. Mont-gomery says :Š "But just here the question arises, 'What is morality?' And how is a teacher to know what it is that he or she is required to teach in order to comply with this requirement of the statute ? " The immortal Washington has said: 'Let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality can be maintained without religion.' But if mor-ality cannot be maintained without religion, then how is it possible, we would inquire, for the teacher to inculcate the principles of morality without inculcating the principles of religion? But the principles of religion are understood by the Jews differently from what they are by the Christians, and by the Roman Catholics differ-ently from what they are by Protestants, by the Episcopalians differently from what they are by the Presbyterians, by the Presbyterians differently from what they are by the Unitarians, and by those who reject the authority both of the Old and New Testament differently from what they are by either Jews or Christians of any denom-ination whatever. "Then how is it possible for the State to re-quire the teaching of morals in the public schools without requiring as the basis of such teaching the inculcation of religious principles, such as are necessarily antagonistic to the conscientious con-victions of the parents of at least a portion of the 