486 AMERICAN SENTINEL. saw this, they said, Lord, wilt thou that we command fire to come down froth heaven and consume them, even as Elias did? But he turned and rebuked them, and said, Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of. For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." ment of laws on the Sabbath question; we shall continue to oppose the wanton desecration of the Sabbath day." If the Epworth League, Baptist Young People's Union, and the Christian Endeavorers, should unite their zeal and their forces, in what they all extol as "good citizenship," a religious despotism would not be far off. And one great danger is that they will do it, and that SOOII. A. T. J. "I OBSERVE with particular pleasure the view you have taken of the immunity of religion from civil juris-diction, in every case where it does not trespass on pri-vate rights or the public purse. This has always been a favorite principle with me; and it was not with my ap-probation that the deviation from it took place in Con-gress when they appointed chaplains, to be paid from the public treasury."ŠJames Madison. Is He a Methodist President? AT the late meeting of the Epworth League at Indian-apolis, the committee on resolutions seriously consid-ered for a while the framing of a resolution demanding -of President McKinley the dismissal of Attorney-General Griggs from his cabinet on account of Mr. Griggs's an-nulling of the army canteen Iaw by his violent interpre-tation. Such a resolution was not offered; but one of the reasons given by members of the committee as to why it might be offered is of interest. Two members of the committee declared that the convention ought to "unite in reqUesting a Methodist President to accede to the wishes of a great Methodist society." _ It is true, we believe, that President:McKinley is a Methodist. But is he a Methodist president? Is he a president of the Methodists? Such a suggestion as that shows how ready church members are to take advantage of the denominational affiliation of a president in crowding upon the Govern-ment their own will. It illustrates too the danger to the nation, and the evil to themselves, of religionists engag-ing in politics. The danger to the nation is of a union of church and state, the religious power dominating the civil. The evil to religionists themselves is in their com-promising or even abandoning their religious principles and moral standing for political effect. Nor was this the only token of the union of church and state, the religious power usingithe civil for tht fur-therance of its aims and the executing of its will upon those who are not in any sense under the church's juris-diction. The convention adopted the following resolu-tion on the enforcement of Sunday observance:Š "The encroachments continually made upon the Christian Sabbath by Sunday newspapers, Sunday excursions, and Sunday baseball games "Rand kindred amusements, demand unwearied vigilance by precept, example, and the enactment and the:vigorous enforce- "Destiny," "The Inexorable Logic of Events," Etc.ŠNo. 3. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. IF the plea of "destiny" and "the inexorable logic of events" be legitimate, human responsibility is at an end. And in making this plea, imperialism identifies itself with "the modern doctrine, so rapidly gaining ground, that God's law is no longer binding upon men." Imperialism is, in fact, one of the fruits of that doctrine. Have the "men of high standing in the nation, rep-resenting the bench, the bar, the press, the pulpit, the universities, and the great business interests," reflected as to what is likely to be the effect of their espousal of the doctrine of irresponsibility? Have they reflected as to what effect this action on the part of the so-called conservators of society will have on the so-called law-less elements of society? Will it tend to check the law-lessness that is already beyond control? Will it stay the demoralization of society which is becoming general? Will it close the door to crimes of every description which are increasing daily? If men of high description may set aside and trample upon fundamental arid or-ganic law and remain blameless because of "destiny" and "the inexorable logic of events," do they know why minor offenses in inferior persons shall not go unpun-ished? Has it occurred to them that in the majority of criminal cases heredity and environment may be pleaded with a thousand times more force and fitness than any plea of "destiny" that can be made on their part? Are they shocked at mob violence and brutality? Are they aware of the fact that every mob is ruled by "the inex-orable logic of events" and that that is the: standing excuse and defense of mob law? If men are indeed irre-sponsible, why should any fear to transgress? Do these men know why, society, impregnated and leavened with the doctrine that lurks in such expressions as "destiny," "the inexorable logic of events," and "the lawlof the survival of the fittest," would not be as described in the following language:Š "Property would no longer be safe. Men would ob-tain their neighbor's pcissessions by violence; and the strongest would become richest. Life itself would not be respected. The marriage vow would no longer stand asŁa sacred bulwark to protect the family. He who had the power would, if he desired, take his neighbor's wife 