AMERICAN SENTINEL. 4165 reeds, and spit:upon. It is absolutely certain,therefore, that the child Jesus was a boy who would not fight. AND therefore, in saying that "The boy who won't fight isn't worth his salt," the governor of the State of New York really said that Jesus Christ, as a boy, was not worth his salt! Think of it,Šthe world's Redeemer not worth his salt! Of course the governor did not mean this; he would be shocked at the idea, as we are; but that is what he really said, and what everybody says who holds to the idea that a boy cannot become manly without being taught to fight. And whoever holds to that idea and carries out the principle of it to the end, will certainly repudiate Jesus Christ in the end as an individual for whom he haŁs no use. * * * So, MOTHERS, you at least who believe in Christian-ity, don't teach your boys to fight. Teach them that there is a manlier way to act under provocation than to give way to anger; a better way to settle controver-sies than by brute force. Teach them that a human being is on a higher level than a brute, and should settle disputes in a higher way than brutes do. Teach them that "Greater is he that ruleth his own spirit than he that taketh a city." Teach them that to overcome evil with good is the divine way, and the surest way of gain-ing a complete and lasting victory. * * * THE idea that a boy can cultivate courage only by learning to fight,is manifestly absurd. And it is just as absurd to suppose that a nation must be weak unless it is pugnacious. That is the idea of the prize-fighter; the argument he offers to justify his plea that prize-fighting ought to be fostered by the nation rather than frowned down. And it is perfectly logical, too, if it be premised that the boys ought to learn to fight in order to become manly. And what can be expected of boys who are en-couraged to fight in their youthful days, but that they will retain the fighting propensity when they are grown up; and that prizefighting and its attendant evils will flourish in the land as the direct result? The nature of the crowd which always waits upon aŁnd encourages a contest of brute force, ought to stamp such a contest, in the minds of all good people, as a thing not deserving of encouragement in young or old. THE governor of New York is an ardent supporter of "expansion." That policy is, in his view, an application of the principle of using brute force to promote the cause of pighteousness. It is the cause of righteousness, he believes, that is now being advanced by the armies in the Philippines. The small boy, who is in his own eyes an eminent judge of righteousness, should betaught  to use his little fists when he is sure that he is fighting for righteousness; and when he becomes a man he will be just as sure that he is fighting for righteousness when he is helping to subjugate the weaker people of a foreign land. The "righteousness" which such actions promote is a kind that is contrary to the whole spirit of Chris-tianity, and that every precept of Christianity con-demns. Scripture for Sunday Closing. A RELIGIOUS journal, the Christian Work, says that "We have no accurate date of when a 'Sunday-closing movement' was carried out in Jerusalem." Think of itŠa Sunday closing movement in Jerusa-lem! This journal thinks there was such a movement there and that we have the record of it, only without the date. It says further:Š "But we do know that the first marked censure to merchants who were engaged in money lending and other week-day occupations was when 'the Lord of the Sabbath' overturned and threw out from the synagogue the desks and all the men so engaged, and closed Jeru-salem's 'Wall Street' with an anathema upon those who were spending his day as they did the other six!" This incident of the cleansing of the temple, as every reader of the narrative can see, had no reference at all to Sunday or to Sabbath observance; yet it is seized upon and made to serve in the interests of Sunday clos-ing. There is one thing this shows, and that is that ignorance of the Scripture and the Sunday-closing sen-timent go well together. Notes from the Church Congress. THE Episcopal Church Congress held its nineteenth annual session in St. Paul, Minn., October 10, 11, 12, and 13. Speakers of note occupied the time. Among the subjects that were considered, were: "Does National Expansion Involve Imperialism?" and "The Sunday Question." "Empire for Christ," was a dominant theme in the discussions. Bishop Potter, of New York, gave the opening ad-dress to the Congress, discussing the first topic. He took the affirmative of the question. The subject was presented in an interesting manner. Among other things Bishop Potter showed that it took England 250 years after the beginning of her im-perial policy to get a decent civil service. Comparing the Philippines and India, he said:Š "There are the same diversions of race, condition, religion, tribal religion, and the like, and in the case of these insular communities, there is no binding interest whatever. To undertake to superimposeupon them our free institutions would seem to be an utterly hopeless 