THE''''ANIERICAN SENTINEL. 31 ercise of any false religion, such as Mormonism, Oneid.aism, pagan idolatry, etc." This " etc." of course includes any religious beliefs and practices which they deem errone-ous. The first amendment referred to reads thus: "Congress shall make no law respeCting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Freedom to worship God according to one's own judgment and con-science, they think, should not be tolerated, except as their judgment and conscience dic-tate to be' proper. This change, they teach, is to be accomplished peaceably, if all acquiesce, and otherwise by force. Mr. Gault says:Š " Whether the Constitution will be set right on the question of the moral supremacy of God's law in the Government without a bloody revolution, will depend entirely upon the strength and resistance of the forces of anti-christ." What anarchist makes bloodier threats than this? It smacks strongly of the spirit of Ro-man Catholicism. "Cardinal Manning insists that it is a sin, and even an ' insanity ' to hold that men have an inalienable right to liberty of conscience and of worship; or to deny that Rome has the right to repress, by force, all religious observances save her own, or to teach that Protestants in a Catholic country should' be allowed the exercise of their religion."ŠGrattan Guinness, in Chrristian Herald and Signs of our Times. Rev. W. J. Coleman at Lake Side,Ł 0., last August said: There ought to be a mighty army ready to pour out treasure and blood, if need be, to vindicate the authority of Christ. The Bible should be adopted as a standard to decide questions of political' life, to decide between right, and wrong. The idea of a divine law and a divine Christ should be forced into pol-itics. There is now no religion in the Consti-tution of the United States. Our aim is to bring this Nation to Christ, and to place it un-der the divine law. Our fundamental princi-ples are, Christ is king of the Nation, and the Bible is the rule of action." At the same convention Dr. McAllister said: "Those who oppose this work now will dis-cover, when the religious amendment is made to the Constitution; that if they do not see fit to fall in with the majority, they must abide the consequences, or seek some more congen-ial clime." The Roman Catholics will doubtless indorse this sentiment with the understanding that `they shall be the ones to interpret, and the National Reform Association have already ap-pealed to them to join with them in bringing this about. In an editorial of the Christian Statesman, December 11, 1884, is the follow7  ing:Š " Whenever they [Roman Catholics] are ready to co-operate in resisting the progress of political atheism, we will gladly join hands with them." Yes, even to shedding the blood of their Protestant brethren, who conscientiously dif-fer with ther in such measures. Here is an appeal, virtually, to the Pope in Rome to aid them in changing the Constitution and government of the United States. The following from the encyclical letter of  Pope Leo XIII. (A. D. 1885) shows that the Roman Catholics are striving for the same power as are the National Reformers:Š " We exhort all Catholics who would devote careful attention to public matters, to take an active part in all municipal affairs and elec-tions, and to further the principles of the church in all public services, meetings, and gatherings. All Catholics must make them-selves felt as active elements in daily political life in the countries where they live. They must penetrate wherever possible into the administration of civil affairs, must constantly exert the utmost vigilance and energy to pre-vent the usage of liberty from going beyond the limits fixed by God's law. All Catholics should do all in their power to cause the Constitutions of States and legislation to be moulded to the principles of the true church. All Catholic writers and journalists should never lose, for an instant, from view the above principles. All Catholics should redouble their submission to authority, and unite their whole heart and soul and mind in defense of the church and Christian wisdom." Compare this with a speech of Rev. Jona-than Edwards, D. D., LL.D., Vice-president of the National Reform Association, in which he denounces Seventh-day Baptists as atheists. Speaking of atheists, deists and Jews, he said :Š " The Seventh-day Baptists believe in God and Christianity, and are joined with other members of the class by the accident of dif-fering with the mass of Christians upon the question of what particular day of the week should be observed as holy. These all are, for the occasion, so far as our amendment is concerned, one class. They use the same argu-ments and the same tactics against us. They must be treated, as for this question, as one party. Tolerate atheism, sir? There is nothing out of hell that I would not tolerate as soon." What else does this mean, than that those who oppose this measure, however sin- cere and godly, are no more to be tolerated than the worst thing out of hell? Does this language breathe the love and charity exhib- ited and taught by Christ? "If any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his." Rom. 8 : 9. " If they do these things in a green tree, what shall be done in the dry?‚" Luke 23:31. ŠRev. N Wardner, D. D. BIELF,=READINGS. IN TWO NUMBERS EMBRACING A PORTION OF THE BIBLE COURSE AT HEALDSBURG COLLEGE. BY ELD. E. J. WAGGONER. THESE Readings were prepared especially for the use of col-porters and those who intend to conduct Bible-readings in missionary fields, and they present a connected chain of argu-ment upon the fundamental doctrines of Present Truth. NUMBER ONE contains 57 pages, embracing sixteen readings, as follows:Š No. Ques. Daniell  93 Daniell  93 Daniel 8  60 Daniel 9  94 The Sanctuary 179 The Law of God, No. 1  3310 2    28 NUMBER TWO contains 46 pages, embracing twenty-two read- ings, as follows:Š No. Ques. The Sabbath, No. 1 51 " 2 49 44 " S 42 Colossians 2: 14-17... 19 Psalms 118:24 13 Penalty of Transgression 10 Sanctification 43 Second Coming of Christ 64 The Resurrection  59 Immortality 18 Philippians 1 : 23  5 Price for the Two,. 50 Cents. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. SCHOOL OF DOMESTIC ECONOMY, The undersigned have organized, and will open on the above date, a School of Domestic Economy, to be continued for twenty.flve weeks. The following Subjects will be taught, both theoretically and practically:Š _ SCIENTIFIC COOKERY, TABLE SERVICE, HYGIENE OF DIET, GENERAL HOUSEKEEPING, DRESSMAKING, LAUN-DRY WORK, ECONOMICAL HOUSEKEEPING, DOMESTIC HYGIENE (including Sanitary care of house and premises, tests for impure water, purification of water, disinfection, etc.), INDIVIDUAL HYGIENE, and KEEPING' OF FAMILY ACCOUNTS. In fact, every subject pertaining to the econom-ical and hygienic care of a home. TERMS: Tuition,$25.00. Board and Tui-tion, 100.00. - - - A number of suitable persons who can furnish good recom-mendations, will be given an opportunity to meet their ex-penses wholly in work, and if thoroughly capable can earn moderate wages during the course. This is an Opportunity which no Young Woman who wishes to Become a wv-tilood Housekeeper can afford to miss.'"For circulars and farther particulars apply at once to SANITARIUM SCHOOL OF ECONOMY, Battle Creek, Michigan. TEMPERANCE PACKACiES. WE have put up in neat packages, with printed wrappers, three different assortments of our health and temperance works, which we will furnish, post-paid, at the prices named, TEN CENT PACKAGE, This package contains 100 pages in twenty-five tracts, as fol-lows:Š The Code of HealthŠHow to Live a CenturyŠPure AirŠHow 4D Ventilate a HouseŠA Back Yard ExaminedŠInventory of a CellarŠWhat's in the WellŠCayenne and Its CongenersŠA Live Hog ExaminedŠA Peep into a Packing HouseŠThe Con-tents of a Tea-PotŠTea TastersŠTea Drinking and Nervous-nessŠTea TopersŠTea and TipplingŠTobacco PoisoningŠA Relic of BarbarismŠTobacco BlindnessŠScience vs. Tobacco-UsingŠThe Smoke NuisanceŠThe Rum FamilyŠA Drunkard's StomachŠGin LiversŠA Rum BlossomŠAlcoholism. Of the twenty-five tracts, ten are devoted to general hygiene, five to the subject of temperance, five to alcoholic drinks, and five to tea and coffee. Twelve packages, post-paid, for $1.00. FORTY CENT PACKAGE. The second package, costing forty cents, post-paid, contains the following tracts and pamphlets:Š True TemperanceŠAlcohol, What Is It I--Our Nation's Curse ŠCause and Cure of IntemperanceŠEffects of IntemperanceŠThe Drunkard's Arguments AnsweredŠAlcoholic MedicationŠAlcoholic PoisonŠTobacco PoisoningŠTobacco-Using a Cause of DiseaseŠTobacco-Using a Relic of BarbarismŠEvil Effects of Tea and CoffeeŠTen Arguments on Tea and CoffeeŠPork, the Dangers of Its UseŠDiphtheria, its Causes, Ereventien, and Proper Treatment. By J. H. Kellogg, M. D. This book should be in every household. ONE DOLLAR PACKAGE. The third package, costing $1.00, post-paid, contains in addi lion to the forty cent package the following pamphlets:Š Proper Diet for Man, price 15c.ŠThe Uses of Water, price 25c.ŠDyspepsia, Its Cause and Cure, price 25c. The object of Arranging these Packages is to get them in a ::!cnvenient form for sale and for selection. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. VIEWS OF NATIONAL REFORM. PACKAGE NO. 1, 184 PAGES, 20 CENTS. Tins package contains thirteen tracts treating upon the va-rious phases of the National Reform movement, as follows :Š NO. PAGES. 1. Religious Legislation,  8 2. Religious Liberty,  3. National Reform and the Rights of Conscience,  16 4. The American Papacy,. ,... 16 5. Bold and Base Avowal,  16 6. National Reform is Church and State,  16 7. Purity of National Religion,    8 8. The Salem Witchcraft,  8 9. What Think Ye of Christ?  8 10. National Reformed Constitution and the American Hierarchy,  24 11. The Republic of Israel,  8 12. National Reformed Presbyterianism,.  32 13. The National Reform Movement an Absurdity,  16 The above package will be sent post-paid to any address for twenty cents. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal. 0 3  No. Ques. The Law of God, No. 4 . 32 " 5 31 Ephesians 2:15  26 Romans 6:14  23 Romans 10 :4  17 Galatians 3:13  . 19 Romans 3 : 20  10 Tithing  99 No, Ques. 2 Corinthians 5:8. 18 Luke 28 : 39-43 .16 1 Peter 3:18-20  .. . 10 Luke 16:19-31 37 Living Souls 14 Nature of Man 18  Punishment of thi Wicked 70 Work of the Spirit, Isl.:). 1 . . 47 44 44 2 51 Church Membership 61 Missionary Labor 52 