NOVEMBER 22, 1894. ..A.MIIE1ELI CAIN- 365 hold the cry of the children of Israel is come unto me : and I have also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians op-press them. Come now, therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou inayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt," It is not neces-sary to go further with this story; suffice it to say, God -brought forth the children of Israel as he promised Moses. It was necessary that they should be permitted to go into slavery, that they might see that the God of their fathers was a God of love; that they might know which was the best master to serveŠGod or Satan. But the love of God could not allow them to remain in slavery, for he had some-thing better for them. It is noticeable that in God's dealings with this people he never once used force to turn them to him. When he permitted any hardship to come upon them, he said it was that they might know that he alone was God. When Moses went before Pharaoh, as commanded by God, he was to shew signs that the king might see that God had sent him. God might have destroyed Pharaoh and all the Egyptians with one word, but his love for mankind would not permit him to do this. His desire was to let the Egyptians know that he was the God of Israel, that they might turn to him. He suffers long with men, using every possi-ble means to bring them to him; but he leaves them free to choose the way. If they choose the right way, eternal life is the reward; if they choose the wrong way, rebelling against him, eternal destruction is the end, not because God has failed to d o all in his power to save, but because man has failed to accept him. It was so with Pharaoh; he rebelled against God, and did not hearken to him, but when Moses went before him, he said: " Who is the Lord, that I should obey his voice to let Israel go.? I know not the Lord, neither will I let Israel go." And so the plagues, bringing destruction upon them, were the result, And let it be understood that the plagues were not sent to turn the hearts of the people of Egypt to their Creator, for God knew, and in fact, told Moses, before he sent the first plague, that Pharaoh's heart would be hardened, and he would not obey and let Israel go. He requires heart-service, and when men turn to him through fear it is not a service of love. The plagues were sent for his peo-ple's sake. They were willing to be saved, but the Egyptians were not. It will be even so at the end of the world. God will destroy the wicked because they were not willing to hearken unto his voice. Force will not convert men; love and mercy will. Many professed Christians to-day serve God because they fear the consequence of rebelling against him. The doctrine of everlasting punishment, that is, burning forever in a lake of fire, tends to drive men to a bondage of fear. It does not tend to draw men to the God of love, but they look upon him as au arbitrary, hard master, and many are turned from serving him altogether through this. The infidel continually throws this in the faces of those who try to teach him that God is love. But let me say, the Bible teaches no such doctrine. When God says he is a God of love, he means what he says, and in all his dealings with mankind his love is shown. Christ says : " No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me, draw him." How ? through  threats? No; through love. Love has a drawing influence. Threats and compul-sion have not. When man is compelled to do a certain thing, he is a slave to the one who compels him; but we are free, for "whom the Son makes free, is free indeed." Let us notice here how God showed his love to the children of Israel when Moses was sent to them to deliver them from the Egyptians :Š And Moses answered and said, But, behold, they will not believe me, nor hearken unto my voice Ł for they will say, The Lord bath not appeared unto thee. And the Lord said unto him, What is that in thine hand ? And he said, A rod, And he said, Cast it on the ground. And he cast it on the ground, and it be-came a serpent; and Moses fled from before it. And the Lord said unto Moses, Put forth thine hand, and take it by the tail And he put forth his hand, and caught it, and it became a rod in his hand That they may believe that the. Lord God of their fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, bath appeared unto thee. And the Lord said furthermore unto him, Put now thine hand into thy bosom. And he put his band into his bosom and when he took it out, behold, his hand was leprous as snow. And he said, Put thine hand into thy bosom again. And he put his hand into his bosom again; and plucked it out of his bosom, and, behold, it was turned again as his other flesh. And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe thee, neither hearken to the voice of the first sign, that they will believe the voice of the latter sign. And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe also these two signs, neither hearken unto thy voice, that thou shalt take of the water of the river, and pour it upon the dry land and the -water which thou takest out of the river shall be-come blood upon the dry land Ex 4 1-9 How different is God's way of drawing men to himself to man's way. What love is here shown. The carnal heart cannot understand the working of God. The carnal man would use compulsion where God would entreat, persuade. His great heart yearns for the sinner, yet lie knows that to compel him to turn to him will make him no better. The heart cannot be changed by such a method.- " Except a man be born again, he cannot enter the kingdom of heaven." Man can no more do this work than he can create; it is the work of God. It is done through the Spirit of God; man yielding himself to God as the clay yields to the hands of the potter. God's way is, " Come now, and let us reason together ; " man's way is, "You must do as I say." The one is love; the other is selfish compulsion. ALFRED MALLETT. Decidedly Pertinent. A PENNSYLVANIA judge, on a test case, has decided that Roman Catholic nuns in uniform may teach in the public schools, that the children may call them " sisters," and call the visiting Roman Catholic priests " fathers," but the Roman Cath-olic catechism may not be taught in the schools. " One cold night, as an Arab sat in his tent, a camel gently thrust the flap of the tent aside, and looked in. " I pray thee, master,' he said, let me but put my head within the tent, for it is cold without.' " By all means, and welcome,' said the Arab cheerfully; and the camel, moving forward, stretched his head into the tent. " If I might but warm my neck, also,' he said, presently. " 'Pat also your neck inside,' said the Arab. Soon the camel, who had been turning his head from side to side, said again:Š " It will take but little more room if I place my fore legs within the tent. It is difficult standing without.' " You may also plant your fore legs within,' said the Arab, moving a little to make room, for the tent was very small. " May I not stand wholly within ?' asked the camel, finally. I keep the tent open by standing as I do.' " Yes, yes,' said the Arab. I will have pity on you as well es on myself. Come wholly inside.' "So the camel came forward and crowded into the tent. But the tent was too small for both. " I think,' said the camel, that there is not room for both of us here. It will be best for you to stand outside, as you are the smaller; there will then be room enough for me.' " And with that he pushed the Arab a little, who made haste to get outside of the tent."ŠThe Red Man, Carlisle, Pa. Disciples Depart From Protestant Principles.' ONE of the most striking examples of the fall of American Protestantism from the principles of complete separation of Church and State is to be found in. the Christian or Disciple Church. Alexander Campbell, the founder of that church, as early as 1820, combated certain "moral societies " of Western Pennsylvania,Šthe ancestors of the National Reform Associa-tion,Šwhose principal object was the en-forcement of Sunday laws, in the following forcible style:Š There is no precept or command in the New Testa-ment to compel by civil law, any man who is not a Christian to pay any regard to the Lord's day, any more than any other day. Therefore to compel a man who is not a Christian to pay any regard to the Lord's day, more than any other day, is without authority of the Christian religion. The gospel commands no duty which can be per-formed without faith in the Son of God. " What: soever is not of faith is sin." But to compel men destitute of faith to observe any Christian institution, such as the Lord's day, is com-manding duty to be performed without faith in God. Therefore, to command unbelievers, or natural men, to observe in any sense the Lord's day, is anti-evan-gelical or contrary to the gospel.' Speaking of his motive in opposing these compulsory Sunday observance societies, he said :Š I wrote from principle; I had no object in view but one; viz., the suppression of an anti-rational, anti-scriptural, anti-constitutional confederation, that I conscientiously believe to be dangerous to the comŁ munity and inimical to civil and religious liberty. And while I am able to wield a pen, I will oppose everything of the kind, from the same principles, that comes within the immediate sphere of my observation.' When the movement was inaugurated, by which the churches compelled Congress to enact a law closing the World's Fair on Sunday, the denomination of Alexander Campbell repudiated the principles of. its founder, and joined in the movement. A small minority vigorously protested, call-ing attention to the principles so persist-ently advocated by Mr. Campbell. These arguments were declared by Dr. D. R. Dungan, a leading light of the denomina-tion, to be "streaked with insanity," and one of the organs of the denomination characterized those who maintained these views as " evangelical preachers out of color." The following from the pen of one of the dissenting minority, Dr. J. L Parsons, pastor of the First Christian Church of Appendix 3. Revised edition of " Protestantism True and False; " No. 19, Religious Liberty Library. Price 4 cents. 2  "Memoirs of Alexander Campbell," by Robert Richardson, p. 5 8. J. B. Lippincott & Co., Philadelphia. See also the Washington Reporter of Washington, Pa., Sept. 17, 1821, Washington, (Pa.,) Reporter, July 4, 1821, 