712 AMERICAN SENTINEL. IN the First Congregational Church of Jersey City, Rev. Dr. Scudder, pastor, a fair was held recently, at which one of the most conspicuous objects was a stack of ballots, with "pasters" containing the names of can-didates whose opponents are in the saloon business. Each visitor on coming in was requested to use the "pasters" on election day. This evident mixing of reli-gion and politics caused, report says, "some adverse comment." However, a religion that sanctions a church fair is not likely to be hurt very much by mixture with policies. Ł * AT the Protestant Episcopal Missionary Council, held recently in St. Louis, a clergyman from New York said that the English Church has a great advantage over the American Church because of its connection with the government;" adding that he would like to see the union of church and, state in this country, and also, "I think that our flag would look better if it also had a cross on it." * A religious symbol on the flag would be altogether appropriate if this country maintained a union of church and state, for just this is what such a symbol would signify. But a cross or other religious symbol on the flag would not make the flag Christian; nor would union of religion with the state make the state Christian. Religion joined with civil forceŠa cross uplifted amidst the thunder and carnage of military combatŠwhat effect do they have for Christianity? Manifestly the only effect of such incongruous unions is to discredit Christianity as a religion of persuasion and love. * * This plea for an American union of church and state does not appear to have elicited from the council any strong expression of disapproval. * * * THE Haverhill Gazette (Mass.) thinks that only a few relics of the old days of church-and-state union are left in that State, and that these will ere long be done away. "It is hoped," it says, "that the next legislature will take steps looking in the direction of the abolition of legislative chaplains." We hope so. THE Ram's Horn says it believes General Funston "hit the mark in the center," when he said:Š "If Congress would drive out the friars and confiscate every inch of church property in the archipelago, the bottom would drop out of the insurrection within a week." * * "This," says the Ram's Horn further, "may strike us as a drastic suggestion, but it is undeniable that the Filipinos hate the friars more than they hated the Spanish soldiers and civil governors, and that it is the support of the church by American authority that, embitters them and produces distrust and dislike of our authority. It is certainly natural that they should suspect that we are fighting the battle of the Roman Catholic friars, when they see such representative Ro manists as Archbishops Ireland and Chappelle holding daily conferences with our authorities in Washington, and after each visit of these ecclesiastical dignitaries to the Secretary of War, the order goes forth to prosecute the war with greater vigor." * NOT long ago a congress of labor associations in Montreal passed this resolution:Š "Resolved, That this congress protest against the inhuman practice of compelling men to work seven days in succession, and affirm that one day's rest in seven is a natural law and absolute necessity of human life, and cannot be broken with safety; therefore, be it resolved that it be an instruction to all organizations affiliated with this body to co-operate to secure legislation for one day's rest in seven." * * * Analyzing this statement, we notice, first, that the practise of compelling men to work seven days in the week is declared to be "inhuman." But the"compulsion" here meant is not compulsion in the ordinary sense of the word, or in any true sense; but is only the fear of losing one's "job" by observing a weekly day of rest. From the Christian standpoint, the question is whether a person shall obey the Sabbath command or not at the expense of financial loss; and the resolution declares that to maintain such a condition of things is inhuman. Yet it is just the condition of things that is necessary to the development of Christian character; and the Christian will not complain of it. The Christian is re- quired to sacrifice much more than this for the sake of obedience to God. He must give up not only his financial prospects, but his very self and all that goes with self. He must lose his life, in order that be may save it. He must be "crucified with Christ," and be "dead," with his life "hid with Christ in God." And the Christian does not count all this as being anything inhuman, or to be complained of, but accepts it all joyfully, because the Lord gives to him in exchange infinitely more than all he is required to give up. 