350 A.MRIRICAN g1 N` Vol.. 8, No. 44. the reason for righteous indignation which this assemblage of professed " Christian voters " may have, and it is very certain they are not entirely unreasonable in their indignation at the legal protection of civil disorder which they have seen among them, still they are not justified, and nothing can justify them, in appearing in a civil matter and demanding to be heard, and to be obeyed, because of their religious profession, or because they represent any religious body, or bodies, as such. The only plea which they can properly make as a ground for requiring a hearing for themselves is their individual citizenship, or that they are regularly authorized to represent citizens as citizens, not as Chris-tians or Mohammedans, or Roman Catho-lics, or Buddhists, or Presbyterians, or Confucianists, or Methodists, or under any other religious name. To make the demand by virtue of any one of these titles is in fact no more unreasonable in principle than to make it in the name of Christians. The heritage of human rights is equal to each, without distinction, whatever creed he profess, or if he profess no creed. The assumption of superior authority by virtue of some divine privi-lege is the basis upon which the tyranny of man over his fellows has always rested. Such tyranny can be exercised by a politi-cal party as readily as by an imperial despot. Let the promoters of religious politics stop and think whether they are willing to take the responsibility for the results. W. H. M. The Sabbath Question Discussed in Saratoga. THAT the Sabbath question is the living question of the day, especially among religious denominations and organizations, no one who is in touch with the times and familiar with religious thought, will deny. A few years ago the 'ministers of various denominations felt quite confident that they could go and enjoy their summer vacation, and, on their return, find their flocks feeding in the same pasture as when they left. They entertained no fears that any one would enter the fold and lead the sheep into any other fields. But of late years many of these popu-lar shepherds do not feel such perfect security when leaving their flocks for any great length Of time, for fear on their return they may discover that some have been induced to stroll in the green pas-tures of God's Word, and do not care to return to feed on husks again. And even when the pastors themselves are at ease - with their parishes, this great question of the Sabbath and its change comes up for discussion in various ways, both pro and con, among themselves and other non-observers of the seventh-day Sabbath. A discussion of this nature occurred in Saratoga, N. Y., August 21st, 1893, it being introduced by a prominent first-day Baptist clergyman, who read a paper en-titled " The Transference of the Sabbath." The positions taken by this gentleman with regard to the Sabbath,Šthat the Sabbath of the Lord, the seventh day, was never changed nor even transferred in any way to the first day, Šwere clear, sound, and logical. His proof, of posi-tions advocated, was wholly based on the New Testament, and from this book he showed clearly and conclusively that Christ kept the seventh-day Sabbath, not mentioning or intimating one word during all his ministry that it ever would be  changed; that the disciples never by word from the Lord nor any other source men-tioned the first thing as to the change of day. It was also portrayed vividly that the line of argument followed by the advocates of Sunday as the Sabbath was faulty, worthless, and wholly useless. The origin of unday ( Dies Solis)" that wild solar holiday of all pagan times," was clearly traced to paganism; its em-bryo first forming among pagans, then receiving life, growth, and strength from the papal church which adopted it as its own; and afterward, being lovingly em-braced in the arms of Protestantism, together with many other doctrines and beliefs from the papal hierarchy. The whole of the argument was clear, logical, and quite scholarly,Šfearlessly attacking the positions held by Protestants to prove Sunday the Sabbath, showing them to be contradictory and illogical, if not sophis-tical. At the close of this paper, the time gen-erally allotted to the five minute speeches for discussion, was wholly given to the Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, the Sunday cause champion, to talk upon the paper from his side of the question. Instead of dis-cussing the paper as was expected, Mr. Crafts immediately began to attack Sev-enth-day Adventists and their work, stating that their position in regard to the Sabbath of creation, as being the same as that given at Sinai, is groundless and without Bible proof. That all that they could adduce in favor of seventh-day observance before the Decalogue, was merely inference at the best. He stated it was almost preposterous to entertain the idea, even from the fourth command-ment itself, that the seventh day referred to there is the same as our Saturday. We used to tell the people, said he, that we kept the Sabbath in the spirit only, but we have learned by study that we actually keep it in the letter also.. Refer-ring to that commandment, he said, if I were to go to an attorney with this doc-ument and ask him what the seventh day in it referred to, and suggest it. to be the seventh day of the week, he would laugh at the idea and think it ludicrous. He would say, the seventh day referred to is the one after six working days. Hence, said Mr. Crafts, that being correct, we keep the law not only in the spirit, but also in the letter, for after we work six days, beginning with Monday, etc., we get around to the seventh to rest, which, of course, is Sunday. What vain, specious reasoning! Thus is the Word of God made of none effect by human tradition. Surely this is a ful-fillment of the words of the prophet Isaiah concerning those who place no difference between the holy and the profane, and who call darkness light and light dark-ness. Did Mr. Crafts ever see a calendar or an almanac that began the enumeration of the days of the week with Monday, Tuesday, etc., making Sunday the last day of the week? But this is barely a prelude of denials of Bible truths uttered by this so-called minister of the gospel. After contradicting himself several times in trying to show the impossibility of any definite seventh day ever being kept, he remarked that a definite seventh day never was known anyhow. And to prove this, he claimed that away back among the ancient Assyrians there were just four weeks, and three days lost, and hence no definite seventh day could be kept. This certainly illustrates well the man who dug  a pit for his neighbor to fall in, but fell in himself. It seems remarkably strange that just the length of time lost should be known, but no one know whither it went. Therefore it necessarily follows that there was no time lost at all. But perhaps, however, he did not stop to consider the weight which that phraseology would have, providing he could say something to oppose the Lord's holy day. That the Lord made the heavens and the earth in six literal days was worse than foolishness,Šthe height of absurdity, in his estimation. Nay, they were long pe-riods of time, he remarked, the length of which no one knows anything about, and which it is impossible to find out. But we say with Paul of old, " Let God be true and every man a liar." In searching after more hay, wood and stubble with which to build up this false structure of a Sabbath, this scholarly(?) divine stated that a Rev. Dr. Wood had lately discovered in the Talmud a state-ment whibh showed that Sunday keeping was observed away back in the third cen-tury of the Christian Church. Mr, Crafts said he considered it one of the best of ar-guments to show a Christian recognition of Sunday, in contrast with seventh-day keeping by the Jew, at almost the begin-ning of the Christian era. The statement found is, that in the year 230 A. D., the Rabbini warned the Jews against having anything whatever to do with those who observe * Youm Natsroi," the day of the Nazarene, which indicated that there was a day observed at that time by the followers of the Nazarene different from that held by the Jews. There is one great difficulty about this "best of arguments" against the Sunday advocates, to their injury. It proves too much, and is therefore worthless to them as an argument. If this statement be in the Talmud, which I have never discovered after years of research in the original Hebrew, it demonstrates very clearly that the Rabbini wished the Jews to under-stand that if this Nazarene who claimed to be the Messiah told his followers to observe another day other than that which God declared to be his holy day (the sev-enth day, Saturday), then it was certain that that being could not have been the Messiah of God, and hence the Jews should have no confidence in him, his day, nor in his followers. For the Jew has always believed that when the Lord has once given a command he does not change it, for God is unchangeable. Mal. 3 : 6. Therefore the Talmudists would have a good and sensible reason for telling the Jews to have nothing whatever to do with those who observed this day. They could not have been the true children of God, but must have been apostates. But I would like to ask Mr. Crafts, before he makes another statement in. the Hebrew tongue, to be either more familiar with the language, or, if he be at home in that tongue, to express his terms correctly. For there is no such word in the Hebrew language as. Natsroi, meaning Nazarene. The word for Nazarene in the Hebrew is * (Nazer), and the term " Day of Naza-rene " is Youm Hanazer, or Ha Youm Nazer. But that which seemed to cap the climax .of his argument was the spirit he mani-fested toward Seventh-day Adventists. * Our correspondent, who is an educated and converted Hebrew, has inserted here the original Hebrew characters, but as we have not the proper type, we use instead their translated equivalent, which he gives. 