&14. .A:MtinnICA.N Vol.. 8, Xo. 36. before at these congresses, and such as is likely the Protestant congresses which are to follow cannot equal. This World's Fair season, and this Re-ligious Congress in particular, marks an era in the religious history of this country. What it portends is clear to those who believe that Revelation reveals. W. H. M. Chicago, Sept. 5. Ł -1, Ł  What's in It? THE trite interrogative, " What's in a name ?" implies unimportance. While just now the question, " What's in a Sun-day law ?" should arouse the greatest ap-prehension in the minds of the good people of this once free land, especially when there are so many illustrations of their practical application in this boasted land of religious liberty. The readers of the SENTINEL have been favored for years with lucid explanations of the principles involved in the.enactment of these laws, and the dire results sure to attend their execution. If men could see a principle they might avoid a catastrophe in many instances; but if not, all the con-sequences may be, yea, must be realized. Here in Missouri, we have the ordinary species of Sunday law with a very liberal exemption clause for those who belong to a society holding another day as the Sab-bath, " so that he observe such Sabbath." The following from the St. Louis Re-public is significant:Š CHILLICOTHE, Mo., June 27.ŠA female aeronaut and two male assistants came here last Sunday and gave a parachute jump at the Fair grounds. They were arrested for a violation of the Sunday law and the men were to-day committed and fined in a jus-tice court, the fine and costs aggregating twenty-five dollars. They set up for defense that they were Se venth- day Adventists, but on cross-examination on the doc-trines and tenets of that denomination they showed themselves so ignorant that their defense failed. The case against the woman failed. Now we can consider the living issue, " What's in a Sunday law ?" There are two ways to find the answer to this impor-tant question. 1. The thinking man rea-sons out the logic of the premise assumed by the law-making power in enacting a Sunday law. 2. The conservative passes along hoping for the best until he learns the answer by realizing active results. Those who have been loath to accept the logic will not have much longer to wait to have the answer given in unmistakable form. There are two important points illustra-ted in the balloon incident. One is the deception and impropriety of exemption clauses. The other shows that the courts must be ecclesiastical boards of examina-tion where religious laws are in force. Both forcibly impress the fact that a union of the interests of the Church and State must always and everywhere work evil and only evil. The exemption clause works an injus-tice upon those whom it presumes to favor by furnishing a covert for persons who have no regard for truth. They impose their ill reputation upon the exempted class for the purpose of gaining an advan-tage over those who are too manly to make a false claim even to evade an unjust law. In this way those who are exempted suffer the influx of sinister characters and evil, designing men. Exemption clauses do not protect as has been supposed and are, therefore, deceptive. Such exemptions also require more of the persons exempted,  than of any one else, under them. Those enjoying the full force of the law are only required to abstain from certain labor, while those exempted are required to ob-serve the day as a Sabbath or, as in some cases to "conscientiously observe another day." Again, exemption from a general law is but toleration, and tacitly denies natural right. Here is evidence establishing the second count, that the courts must be ecclesiastical boards of examination where religious laws are in force. In this case the tenets and doctrines of a religious order is made the test of criminality, and a certain act is criminal for one class and not for another. This the courts must de-cide. If the act was evil in itself it would be just as criminal for an Adventist as for a Methodist or Catholic. In the face of such facts how long will people continue to assert that these are not religious laws, and that the peace and safety of our dearest institutions are not endangered by them ? Just laws apply alike to all and an exemption is a confes-sion of injustice in the law. To carry on legal religion the courts must be better in-formed in doctrine and theology than the minister for to present even a semblance of comparative justice they must be fa-miliar with all beliefs. It seems that any one might see that with the introduction of a Sunday law the cherished doctrine of equality before the law is forever swept away, and with it the fundamental truth "that all men are created equal " and " governments derive their just power from the consent of the governed." This involves the civil and religious rights of the people. " What's in a Sunday law ?" What's left, after it takes what it claims, of all our boasted nationality ? Nothing but the memory of a cherished land of liberty. H. E. GIDDINGS. The Council of Churches and Higher Criticism in Australasia. TWO AGENCIES FOR THE RE-ESTABLISH- MENT OF THE PAPACY. IN the colonies, as in England, Sunday laws already exist; and exist as relics of the Papacy, brought from England by the early settlers, but inoperative, as such laws usually are, in a new country. What is demanded here is not Sunday laws, but agencies to arouse public senti-ment to enforce existing laws. And these ..agencies, we believe, are already at work, and though at present, working independ-ently, and with no apparent connection, or union of purpose, yet we believe, are both designed by Satan to play into each other's hands in the re-establishment of papal institutions. In the Colony of Victoria, of which Melbourne is the capital city, a council of all the Protestant churches has been or-ganized. In this council each church is to be represented in proportion to its numbers ; and its intentional practical working is stated, as follows, by one of its most confident friends and advocates :Š The work the Council has taken in hand is to review the various political measures as they are brought forward, and judge them by a moral stand-ard. If they decide that any proposed measure is morally right, the churches will support it. If they decide that it is wrong, then the churches will oppose it with all their united strength. Doubtless it will not be difficult for those who are studying the religio-political  movements in the United States, to see that we have in this council all the phases of Church and State workings, seen in the so-called National Amendment Party movement in the States. The churches uniting to form a " representative body'' to wield political influence, and institute a religious boycott upon any men or measures they think " morally wrong." The advocate of the movement further adds, " That the council of churches will exercise a beneficial influence in politics cannot be doubted," and also, " It is diffi-cult to foresee the enormous influence for good that this council will exercise both on the Church and on the world." Of course, we think it is not so difficult to foresee the enormous influence for evil this council will exercise, both upon the Church and the world, when viewed in the light of past history. That this is a movement, adopting papal policy, some of its advocates see, and do not hesitate to present the Papacy as an example of the practical and successful working of their plans. In recommending the organiza- tion of a similar council in New Zealand, the writer above quoted, says : " The Church of Rome always has taken a part in the political questions of the day, and has rendered the world much good service in this direction. Which of the Protest- ant churches in this city will take the lead ?." The lead back to Romanism, he might have added, for that is certainly the road these councils are taking. While the council of churches is being organized in Australia, and recommended to New Zealand, New Zealand is receiving and publishing the deductions of higher criticism, and higher criticism through undermining faith in the Bible, and ex-alting human reason and the opinions of men is opening the way for multiplying, manifoldly, the already existing disagree-ments in regard to the teaching of the Word; but higher criticism sees this diffi-culty and proposes a remedy, and that in the " collective consciousness of the church " and the church council. The following are a few extracts upon this subject from the leading conference ad- dress, delivered by C. H. Garland, by the request of the president and committee of the Wesleyan Methodist Conference, held at Dunedin, New Zealand, in March, 1893 :Š Of the Books of Moses, Mr. Garland says, beyond a doubt we can no longer attribute the original composition of the story of the creation and the antediluvian history to Moses. The traditional idea that God revealed these facts to Moses, who, under the Divine inspiration, penned them for the first time, and penned them without error, must be abandoned. This is the first deduction, and of its correctness, the speaker further says It would be quite impossible, in a public address of this kind, to study the premises from which this conclusion is drawn  All I can do here  is to produce the names and conclusions of trust-worthy men, or of men that we Methodists are prepared to trust. Then follows a long list of quotations from ministerial sceptics, ventilating their doubts for others to feed upon. Thus the Bible testimony is rejected and the words of men " trusted " instead..  But another deduction includes the whole Bibleu  But higher Š B criticism has not stopped at the con- sideration of dates and authorship and modes of construction; it has looked with keen eye on certain statements and difficulties, and not suffering us to gloss them over, has openly and loudly condemned thejn, or rather, has adduced them in condemna-tion of our traditional Bible theories; for it pro- 