342 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. ing and learning the lessons afforded by the exhibits. I am inclined to look at the whole mat-ter from a practical point of view, and I trust the Exposition managers will con-sider it in no other way. I ask that the Exposition be open on Sunday, for the benefit of all; but prin-cipally for those tired men who work eight and ten hours of every week-day, and who, with the slender margin of savings that always stands between them and want, can hardly afford to sacrifice any week-day for recreation or instruction. Of all our citizens, they need to see this great exhibition of the results of labor. Many men working in the narrow lines, in the smoke and turmoil and noise of the fac-tories, are seldom enabled to see the achievements of united labor. They work and sweat, and sometimes wonder for what, perhaps feeling that merely to live after so much work, is not much of an achievement. They fail to appreciate their relation and their usefulness to the rest of the world. But Ł here, on this blessed Sunday, for such it shall be, the workman shall come, with his wife and children, and he shall feel great and they proud when they view what he, with other men, can create. Perhaps, too, he can get there, better than from sermons which he does not go to hear, the high philosophy that shall reconcile him to his hard labor and his lowly lot. I can easily believe that true religion itself will be helped by the lessons of the exhibits, and that the men employed at the Exposition Sunday may truly feel that they are performing a sacred and religious duty. The Sunday Question. IN questions of public controversy, all sides should be heard. Our republican form of government anticipates the broad-est range of individual liberty comporta-ble with the well-being of society. Honest religious opinions are as widely diversified as the physical, intellectual and moral constitutions of men are differ-ent, hence every man and woman, should be guaranteed by law, the full and free enjoyment and practice of his opinions, provided the same do not interfere with the rights of others. On account of some necessary work re-cently done on our streets in Atlanta, Georgia, during Sunday, the clergy, in the pulpit, and through the columns of our daily papers, made a bitter and unwar-ranted attack on those who instigated this Sunday work. This attack revealed the existence in our midst, of a class of nar-row-minded beings who speak and act as though governments were instituted, and laws enacted, for their own exclusive ben-efit. It is about time that this class was authoritatively informed that we live in a Republic, and not a theocracy. They  should also be made to understand that the atrocious code of blue laws and cruel and outrageous regime of Cotton Mather, are inapplicable to this age. Sunday is strictly a religious institu-tion, and cannot be rightfully enforced on persons having no respect for it as a holy day. The Roman Catholic Church has the same legal right to enforce absti-nence from meat eating on Friday, as have Protestant Christians to enforce ob-servance of Sunday.ŠEx-Senator Warren Smith. Consistency. WHILE the ministers are clamoring for closing the World's Fair on Sunday, it seems they can't agree on Sunday observ-ance between themselves. The Cumber-land Presbyterian Synod has been in ses-sion in San Antonio, and at a late hour on the night of final adjournment, a resolu-tion was offered, censuring ministers who had gone home on a Sunday train. A bit-ter debate resulted, the dispatches tell us, one minister suggesting that those who rode on the street cars ought to be in-cluded in the censure. The resolution as offered, which reads as follows, was finally adopted: Resolved, That this body deplores the seeming or real necessity of any of its members violating the sanctity of the Sabbath by returning to their homes by public conveyance on the Sabbath, and that it is the mind of this body that such conduct is dis-honoring to God, and should in every way be dis-couraged. It is difficult to understand why the resolution should designate " public " con-veyance. Where is the distinction, for instance, between hiring a hack and driv-ing your own horse ? In one case some one else does the labor and in the other you labor yourself. These regulators of other people have queer ideas of consist-ency.ŠDenison (Texas) Gazetteer. REFERRING to the " contract schools" (sectarian schools among the Indians that receive money support from the United States Government), the Canadian Baptist says:Š The contract school system of the United States is, like our own, a wrong one, audit is not unlikely that the Government may become convinced of the truth before many years. The course of the United States Government will be followed with interest by the friend of the Indian in Canada, where we have the same unsound system of sec-tarian schools, supported by Government grants, though our Government has not yet so fully and effectually grappled with the question of providing for the compulsory education and civilization of all Indians, as the United States has at length done, after long years of cruel neglect and maltreatment of the wretched aborigines. Evidences are not lacking to indicate that the Government of the United States is already convinced that it has made a mistake in paying money to denomina-tional schools; but finds, however, that having once adopted this plan it is ex-ceedingly difficult to make a change. The churches have too strong a " pull." !Wigton LibGrtll fissoGiation DEGUIRPITION OF KUMPEL& We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ, We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as ft curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting,' to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on ro-ll tons questions. e believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. 'OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. REV. JAMES P. MILLS says of the American Sab-bath Union : " This organization is the child of the churches." In this case, at least, the accuracy of the old saw about ministers' sons cannot be ques-tioned. SOME slight jealousy arose at the Methodist Ecu-menical Conference, in Washington, over the in-vidious reflection upon the " English Sunday " con-tained in the term "American Sunday," used in the memorial to the World's Fair Commissioners, presented to the Conference. However, the reso lutions were adopted without changing the epithet to "Anglo-American Sunday," as might have seemed courteous. Still, as the biblical day, and the biblical name, and the biblical commandment, and the biblical application of it, are all laid aside, it might just as well be called "American Sunday" as English Sunday, French Sunday, German Sun-day, Chinese Sunday, or any other local Sunday. IN discussing the question as to whether the Met-ropolitan Museum of Art shall be opened on Sun-days, after January 1, the Observer says, quoting from a previous article in the Evening Post, that it is feared that the character of the Sunday attend-ance has sent the Museum to the level of the dime species, and that "though the attendance has diminished in August and September, it is said to have improved in quality ; and yet the evils so fla-grant during the first two months still exist, but in greatly diminished extent ; probably in proportion to the diminution in attendance." If the Museum exists only for the benefit of persons of a certain "improved quality," and this desirable class of visitors is obtained only "in proportion to the dim-inution in attendance," then it would be well to subject all applicants for 'admission to an examina-tion such as will restrict the number admitted to that desirable few of the proper "quality." How-ever the public at large, for whom the Metropolitan Museum was instituted, have had a very different idea of the purposes of this public school of object lessons. It was not established for the sole use of any esthetic and aristocratic few, but for the benefit as well, of the sons and daughters of men whose lives were spent in laying bricks and carrying mor-tar, every brick and every hod of which is now worth to this, city more than the expense of a few days' pleasure and profit in the Museum for the heirs in equity, though not in law, of the wealth of this great city, even if they have not soft white hands or refined manners, R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 