AMERICAN SENTINEL. 611 Babylon; Darius the Mede; and Cyrus and Darius, and Xerxes and Artaxerxes the Persians, listened to the messages of God. The kings of Israel, and the last ones of Judah, Belshazzar the last one of Babylon, the last ones of Persia, none of the Greek empire and none of the Roman paid any attention to the messages of God to them, nor to those concerning their time. It came about, in the order of God, that the rulers of all these nations met the truth of God in such a way as to be responsible for its rejection and for the conse-quences which followed to themselves and to their re-spective nations and empires. Belshazzar, Alexander, and Nero, are but examples in bold relief on the one side, as are Nebuchadnezzar, Darius, and Cyrus on the other, of what the Lord has ever done and is ever doing to rulers; and especially in times of crisis. But the great difficulty has ever been, and still is, that in the vast ma-jority of instances these messages of God are passed by as nothing more than mere incidents, and many times as hardly even that. Nevertheless those rulers in so doing rejected the message of God to them, and for their day and nation; and were responsible for the conse-quences that might have been avoided, and which at the very least were hastened by their unheeding course. And the United States to-day is not an exception. Evils are flooding this nation to day, concerning which the national responsible authorities were plainly and repeatedly warned. Those authorities were told of these things at the opportune time, when by heeding the mes-sage they could have cleared themselves of all responsi-bility for any coming evil, could have honored God, themselves, and their position, and at the very least could have stayed the tide of evil. And this must, and will, still go on. It is true that there will be those who will say, as there have been those who have said, that that is "med-dling with politics." But it is nothing of the kind. Was Daniel meddling with politics when he gave to Neb-uchadnezzar, to Belshazzar, to Darius and to Cyrus the message of God as it was in the Word of God? Was the high priest at Jerusalem meddling in politics when he gave to Alexander the Great the message of God written for that very time? Were the Christians in the Roman empire meddling in politics when they gave the message of God as in his Word, concerning the coming ruin of that empire and the planting of the ten kingdoms? Were they guilty of treason in telling to all people that the empire would certainly go to utter ruin, that the Barbarians would certainly triumph, and that every soul must seek God with all the heart to escape that cer-tain ruin? They were so charged of course; but was it fair so to charge? Were they guilty? No more were these men in our day meddling in poli-tics when they presented time and again to State legis-latures and governors, and to the Senate and House of Representatives in Congress, and to the President, the message of God in counsel and warning against the  evils that would certainly come, upon the rejecting of the law of God and the principles of justice and human liberty. Š And still this work must go on, and still it will not be in any sense meddling in politics. To hold forth, by tongue and pen, to speople and rulers, the message of God as he has given ibin his Word aid portrayed it in the course and end of the great empires of history, can not possibly be meddling in politics; it can not possibly be treason, nor can it truly be said that it is interfering in affairs of government with which religion has nothing to do. Not to do so, is nothing less than to see the sword come and the people be not warned. But God has set watchmen to see the sword coming, and to warn the people. And he says that if the watchmen see the sword come, and, because of a cry of "meddling in poli-tics" or for any other "reason," he blow not the trum-pet and the people be not warned, whosoever is taken away by the sword, "his blood will I require at the watchman's hand." And if the watchman be such, or stood in such an attitude, as not to see any sword coming, the result is the same to him and to the other wicked. No, history has not occurred in vain. Neither have its vital lessons been set down in the Word of God in vain. And if in this all-important time those who know these things should hold their peace, the very stones would cry out. And if those who in this time profess to know these things, or have opportunity to know them, be yet unknowing, then shall the message and deliver-ance arise from another place, and these will be over-whelmed in the destruction that overtakes all them that be asleep in this startling time. Blow the trumpet and warn the people. Tell them Thus saith the Lord God: whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear. And in so doing thou hast delivered thy soul. A. T. J. Sunday Idleness and Crime. THE idea that the civil government ought also to be religious, never has to go further than to Scotland to find facts for an illustration. Recently the city coun-cil of Glasgow, by a vote of forty eight to twelve, denied a petition presented by several labor unions, the Univer-sity faculty, and even some leading clergymen, asking for the opening of the People's Palace, with its art gal-lery, on Sunday. The account states that "Dr. John Hunter, of Trinity Congregational Church, presented the petition. He represented that drunkenness and li-centiousness were more rife on Sunday than on other days, and largely so because of compulsory inactivity and idleness. Sunday should meet every need of our higher nature, and bring opportunity for quiet and ele-vating recreation, as well as for meditation and worship. This larger view of the best use of the day for physical 