Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 5eferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MAY 1, 1889. NUMBER 15. e 12e An2eFicaq BertNel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, NO. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN 'FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12Th & CASTE() STS., OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER,  EDITORS. ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS : J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. JONES THE REV. J. M. FOSTER, of National Reform fame, recently lectured in Indianapolis, and the Sentinel of that city said of him that "he seemed to be the incarnation of John Calvin." Mr. Foster felt wonderfully tickled at this, regarding it as a compliment, and said : " We do not object to that. It is no reflection on the sentiments ad-vanced." Without saying anything against the honesty of John Calvin, there is no question but that he was as violent a persecutor as any agent of the Inquisition ever was. Intolerance of the religious opinions of others was a part of his creed and practice. National Reformers in taking him as their patron saint only show the nature of their movement. Ł Ł -4,  THE Pearl of Days says that "a bill making it a misdemeanor to sell wine, ale, or beer on Sunday, has passed both Houses in the Legislature of Ten-nessee." This bill might properly be named a bill mak-ing it a righteous act to sell wine, ale, or beer on the last six days of the week. Misdemeanor is misbehavior. A misdemeanor is an evil action, since misdemeanor in general is evil conduct. So the bill in general declares that it is wrong to sell liquor on Sunday. The fact that the time is lim-ited to Sunday says, as plainly as language can say it, that it is not wrong to sell liquor outside of that limit. It is a common thing for Sunday-law zealots to say that everyone who does not favor their schemes is in league with the saloons; but we should like to see how the supporters of the Tennessee Sunday bill can make it appear that they are not deliberately contracting with the liquor sellers to legalize their business and make it respectable six days in every week. THE leaders in the matter of Sunday legisla-tion are very fond of classing all opponents of their schemes as infidels and atheists. They will have hard work, however, to maintain the Phar-isaic position which they have assumed, so long as eminent clergymen of various denominations continue to preach sermons against the Blair bills and Sunday legislation in general. On Sunday, March 24, the Rev. M. D. Shutter, of the Church of the Redeemer, Minneapolis, preached a sermon  on " Religion and the State," dwelling for the most part on the Blair Sunday bill. He said:Š " I am opposed to this measure, because any attempt to promote by legislation the observence of any day as a day of religious worship is no part of the func-tion of the State. A State may simply act on grounds of general public welfare. It may require cessation from labor one day a week, if, in the judgment of legislators, this is necessary for the public benefit; but it may not require this cessation on any particular day, because that is regarded by any part of the peo-ple as a holy day, or for the purpose of promoting the observance of such a day as a day of religious worship' For the State to proceed upon the basis that such a thing is demanded by the law of God, is to establish the principle that the State has a right to determine what are the laws of God. The Sabbath is in debate even among Christians. The action contemplated in the Blair bill makes the State a partner in a religious controversy, and forces it to a decision against one set of claimants and in favor of the other. Its decision must then be enforced, and this is persecution. The principle itself is the one that lies at the bottom of a union of Church and State. Let Christian people translate the truths and doctrines of Christianity into their lives, and not into the stat-utes. Conversions are not produced by law. We had a trial of the very thing to which this bill would lead, in the early days of this country, when each colony was dominated by a religious sect. We have gotten away from that condition. Let us take no backward steps 1 " Sunday and the Law of Nature. A GENTLEMAN in Kansas, who. has been re- ceiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL for some months, by the courtesy of a friend, writes to us that he does not indorse its teachings, and par-ticularizes after the following fashion:Š "It would be unwise to enter into detail, but I am amazed that Americans, calling themselves intelligent should oppose so-called civil Sunday legislation, and, at the same time, favor legislation touching other propositions contained in the decalogue. Thou shalt not kill,' Thou shalt not steal,' Thou shalt not bear false witness,' etc., might as well be kicked against on religious grounds as, Remember the Sabbath-day,' etc. " I have had personal occasion to know that a mule team can make a one-thousand-mile journey at the rate of six days per week, and come out at the end in less time and in better condition than when worked sevenidays per week. "I once asked a locomotive engineer which would be the best for the locomotive, all other things being equal, forty-two days' work in six weeks, or forty-two days' work in seven weeks? He replied, The latter, by all means.' Mules and locomotives cannot be accused of religious fanaticism. " My conclusion is that a rest-day of one in seven is inwrought into the nature of things. You and I can-not change it. We may buck, and kick, and wax profane, but the great law of a necessary rest-day will still exist, and the higher the enlightenment the more the law will be recognized." We quote this much of the letter because it is a fair sample of the understanding, or rather the misunderstanding, which Sunday-law advocates seem to have of our opposition to their work.  Our correspondent well says that we are opposed to "so-called civil Sunday legislation." That is it, exactly. It is so-called civil Sunday legislation, but actually religious or ecclesiastical Sunday leg-islation, To show that this is so we make a few quotations. In an article in the California Prohibitionist, of December 6, 1888, the Rev. N. R. Johnston, a prominent National Reformer, said: We do ask a law that will be in accordance wits the divine law of the fourth commandment." And again:Š " We recommend most strenuous and prayerful. efforts in the States and Territories to secure leg6,  lation in harmony with the fourth commandment." In Mr. Crafts's speech before the general asŁ sembly of the Knights of Labor, at Indianapolis, November 16, 1888, he said:Š " A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obligation. Take the religion out and you take the rest out." The Rev. James Brand, D. D., in an article in the Advance of March 21, 1889, said:Š " If there is no good moral principle behind the Sunday law it cannot stand." And Colonel Shepard, president of the Amer-ican Sabbath Association, in his address upon his election, said : " Every man, woman, and child in our country is going to be judged by the fourth commandment," indicating, as Mr. John- ston said, that Sunday laws are designed to en-force the religious observance of the day. Finally, as an admission of what we have al-ways claimed, we quote from a sermon by Rev. Byron Sunderland, D. D., entitled, "The Right to Sunday Laws," published in the New York Evangelist, March 28, 1889. Speaking of the declaration made by Mr. Wolfe of the secular league, before the Senate Committee, that " he did not object to the civil Sunday, and would help to enforce it," Mr. Sunderland says:Š " No man can make such an admission and not go to the end with those who secure and retain a Chris-tianity which is the rational observance of our Amer-ican Sabbath in every particular. It is simply impos-sible to have a civil Sunday, that is, a day of rest from ordinary occupation, and not exclude from it a voluntary religious observance. The declaration forcibly reminds one of a certain lord bishop who said, ' Oh, but you know, John, I do not swear as a bishop, only as a man." That is true, your grace,' replied the valet, but I was thinking when the devil comes for the man what will become of the bishop?'" These statements, from among many that might be quoted, show not only that Sunday legislation is religious legislation, but that it cannot by any possibility be anything else. Concerning the sixth, eighth, and ninth com- mandments, which our correspondent quotes, we have this to say: First, that there is a universally recognized difference between the first four com-mandments and the last six. The first four re- 