202 SIEIVTINTMILA VoL. 11, Ne. 26. end of the world;" and which, while it could not directly confer liberty upon the oppressed, announced to them their possession by divine right of a personal independence of those oppresEfive relations which had bound them in slavery to their rulers, and roused them to put forth manly efforts to make that freedom real. One more proclamation of liberty remained to be given,Šthe Proclamation of Emancipa-tion;Šand that was necessary only because the principles of the Declaration of Inde-pendence had been denied and prevented from being universally carried into effect in the very land which gave it birth, by the insti-tution of negro slavery. To Deny Rights Is to Deny the Creator. The significance of the Declaration of Inde-pendence lies in the fact that it speaks for the individual. Considered from the standpoint of what is theirs by creation, the human race must be considered as individuals; and it is upon the fact of creation that the whole Declaration is based. " All men are created equal;" they "are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights," among which "are life,liberty,and the pursuit of happiness ;" and " to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." These are the fundamental, self-evident prin-ciples which support and justify all else which the Declaration sets forth. Man has certain rights which are unalienable; and he has these rights not as a part of society, but as an indi-vidual. And therefore the primary rights of mankind are individual rights, and not rights which pertain to men in the aggregate. The rights of the organized body are secondary, growing out of the rights of the individuals composing it. And any form of government which subordinates the individual's right to " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness" to the real or supposed rights of the majority, ignores the fact of man's creation, and with that ignores God. The Declaration of Independence has lost none of its force by transmission through the century that has elapsed since its original pro-clamation. It is to-day a charter of civil liberty for every individnal,Ša declaration of independence from the despotism which to-day would mask itself in the garb of civil author-ity, as it did formerly in the days of George III. He who sees in it only an interesting relic of antiquity,Ša mere memento of the wisdom and determination of our forefathers Šis blind to its real significance, and to his own best interests as well. The Declaration of Independence is the world's charter of civil liberty, as the gospel is its charter of soul liberty. It wasŠand is Šthe mission of Jesus Christ " to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound." Isa. 61: 1. It was the same Jesus Christ who created man; f and by creation endowed him with the unalienable rights which the Declar-ation of Independence sets forth. The two are in harmony with each other. s. "THE SHADOWS OF VICTORY." THE National Bureau of Reforms was in-corporated on the 23rd of May, under the name of the Reform Bureau. In a circular issued under date of May 26, the secretary, Mr. Crafts, states that " the receipts for the last 'four weeks have been only $109.14, t Col. 1:14-16. while the liabilities for the same time are 29O."  The work of the Bureau for a single week is thus recounted by Mr. Crafts :Š The Shadows of Victory. On May 25th, President Cleveland sent to the office of the Reform Bureau the pen with which he had just signed the F. H. Gillett divorce bill, in recognition that the Bureau had originated and promoted the bill, in cooperation with the Congressman named, who had ably done his part. Only a week previous, May 17, the Bureau, in cooperation with -a movement originated by the Endeavorers of Mt. Vernon, N. Y., had secured not only the sabbath closing of the post-office in that place, but also the implied adoption of the local option principle, originated by Hon. John Wanamaker, for all such Oases, of which Endt avorers and others M. many towns should hasten to avail themselves. The Saturday preceding, the distin-guished trustees of the Bureau named elsewhere, in-corporated it: and the Monday following the Commis-sioners of the District of Columbia approved the sabbath law for the Capital which the Bureau had in-troduced in Congress in cooperation with the Church-man's League. This is but a week of the Bureau's work. Do our readers realize that a powerful ec-clesiastical lobby is at work in our national capital, and that already our institutions have begun to bend under the weight of its in-fluence? v.  THE CASE FOR SUNDAY "LAWS." " TIME is money." What right then has the State to demand one-seventh of an indi- vidual's time by a Sunday " law " ? If time is money, it is property, and the State can-not, by the express declaration of the National Constitution, deprive any citizen of it " with-out due process of law." What does the State want with a person's time, anyway ? Unless that time Łis spent in labor for the State, the State can have no possible use for it. And the State has no right to appropriate the labor of an individual except in the case of a criminal. But by a Sunday " law," the State appropriates no labor, but merely the individual's time. It simply robs the individual without enriching itself. The Creator alone has the right to demand one-seventh of every individual's time, and he has done this by the commandment to rest on the seventh day. But he does not, like the State, demand mere idleness, but he asks that the seventh day shall be actively employed in communion with him, through his word, his works, and by prayer and other forms of religious devotion. This is the pur-pose for which the Sabbath was instituted, and the only basis upon which it can in reason be sustained. And this is the basis which in the minds of men upheld the Sunday " laws," when such " laws were first framed. They were, in other words, based solely on religious grounds. They were religious "laws," and as such they have come down the centuries to us. The thousand and one civil " reasons" for them were never heard of until their manufacture became a necessity on account of the enlight-ened sentiment of modern times, which re-pudiated the principle that the State can rightfully enact laws on religious grounds. It is absurd for the State to assume the right to claim a part of the people's time; it is sacrilegious for it to thusŠalbeit unwit-tinglyŠput itself in the place of God. It is unjust for it to tax the people by taking one-seventh of their time, and foolish to de-mand a tax for which it can have no possible use. This presents in part the case for Sunday "laws," considered from the standpoint of reason and justice. s. PROPOSED OATH OF ALLEGIANCE. A CORRESPONDENT sends us the following for publication :Š OATH OF ALLEGIANCE To AMERICAN CONSTITUTIONAL LIBERTY, DESIGNED TO FORM A PART OF THE LEGAL QUALIFICATION OF EVERY AMERICAN VOTER. I, A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I be lieve in and will ever strive to preserve, unimpaired, American Constitutional Liberty, as thus defined: The right and privilege of every civilized American citizen of adult age and sound mind, to act upon his or her personal conscience and judgment, in every action that may arise, without interference from others, till it can be plainly shown that his or her action is a positive interference with or a serious menace of the equal rights rights of others. Our correspondent adds this comment in -a subsequent paragraph:Š Most intelligent American citizens are willing to defend American liberty if they can only get a clear concept of what it is; and this measure is designed to give every voting citizen, and, through them, all others, such a concept. This suggests the only value such an oath could possibly have. The man who is genu-inely attached to the principles of liberty will cheerfully award to everyŁ other man the rights which he demands for himself; and this he will do to the best of his understand-ing, whether bound by an oath to do so or not. On the other hand, the man who has not this genuine love of liberty, but who is actuated simply by a selfish desire for freedom for himself, will not regard the rights of others, even though he has taken a solemn oath to do so. What the American people want is not to take iron-clad oaths to do justice, but the principles of justice implanted in their very souls. The fern' of oath to which we have given place may, as our cor-respondent suggests, assist some to an under-standing of the subject, and for this reason we print it. THE ILLINOIS SUPREME COURT ON SUNDAY LEGISLATION. WE print on another page of this paper the recent decision of the Supreme Court of Illi-nois declaring void the so called "Cody Law" of that State prohibiting barbering on Sun-day. The opinion of the Court in this case is of more than ordinary interest, because unlike many judicial decisions it deals more in prin-ciples than in technicalities. The broad principle underlying the decision is that " if the law prohibits that which is harmless in itself, or requires that to be done which does not tend to promote the health, comfort, safety and welfare of society, it will in such a case be an unauthorized exercise of power; and it will be the duty of the courts to declare such legislation void." It is true that the court does say that " if the public welfare of the State demands that all business and all labor of every description, except work of necessity and charity, should cease on Sunday," etc., " the legislature has the power to enact a law requiring all persons to refrain from their ordinary callings on that day." But before using this language the court very clearly shows that no such condi-tion exists, and that in the very nature of certain employments it could not exist, for barbering and other secular pursuits are de-clared to be not only not harmful but laudible and even necessary to the health and comfort of the people; and if harmless and even nec- 