,11  Isom, Ł1144 Ł Ł 111 i Ili' 10111, 01.  it,1((l .. Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 15, 1891. NUMBER 40. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY TUB PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 Bolo ST., Nam,  Yoga. .'Sintered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Hatter, EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BorzmAR, W. H. MoKEE. NOTHING but the grace of God will keep men from sin, no matter what the conse-quences may be, and that grace is not imparted by legislative enactment, nor by fear of the stake. It is the goodness of God that leads men to repentance, and no-where has he commissioned either his ministers or the State to drive men to re-pentance by burning or stoning, or even by fines and imprisonment. THE Catholic party in Nicaragua has re-cently banished some of its enemies, just as National Reformers propose to do in this country. The fellows who were banished might have remained in Nicaragua if they had not " raved," if they had been con-tent to allow the priests to manage the Government and manipulate everything in the interests of " the Church"; but this they would not do, and so they have been banished, possibly " to some wild desolate land, there to set up a government of their own, and to stay there till they die." THE introduction of religion into the public schools is the introduction of the Church into the public schools, and is, therefore, a union of Church and State. The distinction is further attempted upon the question of religion, that it is not dog-mas of faith, but fundamental truths of religion, that are to be taught. But how shall religion be taught without dogmas ? It may be taught without some dogma in which you do not believe; but it cannot be taught without some dogma in which  you do believe. We cannot conceive of a church without doctrine. And religion cannot be introduced into the. public schools unless it is doctrinal in the sense of being definite, positive, and precise. To speak of the Church without doctrine is to talk of daylight without the sun, of an effect without a cause.ŠRev. Dr. Strong. The Individual Right of Religious Belief. LAST week, in our notice of Judge Hammond's discussion of the subject of freedom of religious belief, we found that " sectarian freedom of religious belief " is that only which, according to his view, is guaranteed by the Constitution. In the whole discussion, there is not the slightest appearance of any such thing as the indi-vidual right of conscience, or of religious belief. Yet the individual right is the American idea, and is the one that is con-templated in the United States Constitu-tion, and the Constitutions of the States, so far as they have followed the example of the national Constitution. So entirely is the individual right of religious belief excluded from Judge Hammond's view, that he actually refused to entertain or give any credit to a certain plea, because he said the petitioner had not proved that the point was " held as a part of the creed of his sect.". His words were as follows :Š Although he testifies that the fourth command-ment is as binding in its direction for labor on six days of the week as for rest on the seventh, he does not prove that that point is held as a part of the creed of his sect, and religiously observed as such. By this it is clear that the Judge's idea of sectarian freedom of religious belief led him to ignore, yea, even to deny, the individual right of religious belief. For in demanding that the prisoner should prove that his plea is held by a sect, and religiously observed as such by that Sebt;,1  and in refusing to entertain the pIeti,be-1! cause the accused had not proved that it was a part of some creed, and was. So re-ligious'y observed, the Court did, in fact,  deny the right of the individual to believe for himself, and to practice accordingly, without reference to any creed, or the belief of any sect as such. And this is only to deny the right of individual be-lief, and of the individual conscience. Such, however, is neither the American nor the Christian principle, of the rights of religious belief. The Christian and the American prin-ciple is the individual right of conscience Šthe right of the individual to think for himself religiously, without reference to any sect; and without any interference on the part of anybody, much less on the part of the Government. The idea of the national Constitution on this point is clearly expressed in the following words of Mr. Bancroft, which have often been quoted in these columns, but which cannot be quoted too often:Š No one thought of vindicating religion for the 'conscience of the individual until a voice in Judea, breaking day for the greatest epoch in the life of humanity, by establishing a pure, spiritual, and universal religion for all mankind, enjoined to ren-der to Omar only that which is Casar's. The rule was upheld during the infancy of the gospel for all men. No sooner was his religion Adopted by the chief of the Roman Empire, than-it was shorn of its character of universality and enthralled by an unholy connection with the unholy State. And so it continued until the new Nation, . . . when it came to establish a Government, for the United States, refused to treat faith as a matter to be regulated by a corporate body, or having a headship in a monarch or a State. Vindicating the right of individuality even in religion, and in religion above all, the new Nation dared to set the example of accepting in its relations to God, the principle first divinely ordained of God in Judea. And then, as though to emphasize the specific statements thus made, the writer declares that thus " perfect, individuality is secured to conscience " by the United,  States Constitution. As a matter of fact, in the realm of conscience there is no other right than the right of the individ-ual conscience. There is no such thing as a, collective or corporate consCiente. There is no n ,such thing as a sectarian co-science. Conscience pertains solely tollie individual. It is the individual's ' own 