006 LoPto.u, G.D.wmcx FUSE Balli.11,11tI011i .0,1-xt: LAND ovrcors, our o -ra.14005E Of MONIM4E. Rewcnno+o War  V:g1=1.7g VAI51:1'407411,7;11'  TROY Slil,,kor Ix, S., Nor Omnor Łrou. AMERIC.A.N SENTINEL. 157 town in which she was. But she was quite shocked when the old fellow told her that he had intended to do so from the first. "The little son that was born to the king at this dreadful time was named Tristan; meaning 'The Sad.' "Louis stayed in Palestine four years, and then his mother died; so he returned home at once, his expedition proving to be only a great expense, with dreadful loss of life, and almost no profit to any one. "But the French people were glad to see their king again. He had been gone away six years and they gladly welcomed him. But Louis was unable to shake off his sadness because he had not been successful in his crusade; so instead of the cheerful countenance which was natural to him, his people were grieved to see a settled melancholy upon his face." "I think I have read somewhere that Saint Louis was a great hand to bring people together who had been ene-mies," said Edna Phillips. "Yes; he delighted to be a peacemaker, and he spent the next fifteen years after he came home, in acting the part of a father to his people. People were accustomed to settling their disputes by the sword, up to this time; but Louis would not allow this wickedness, and rather than that either party should lose anything financially, the generous, peace-loving king would make it right with the injured party out of his own pocket." "It's awful strange, I think," said Rob Billings, "that a man who was so tender-hearted and kind would fight those terrible crusades." "It was under a mistaken sense of duty, I am sure," said Professor Carman, as he dismissed the class. MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. 1.-I4-Ł 4 4 The House That Rum Built. The alms-house.ŠThis is the house that rum built. The drunkard.ŠThis is the man that lives in the house that rum built. Appetite.ŠThis is the chain that binds the man that lives in the house that rum built. Intoxicating drink.ŠThis is the serpent in flowery guise, with the artful tongue and dazzling eyes, that welds the chain that binds the man that lives in the house that rum built. The rumseller.ŠThis is the monster that holds the rein over the serpent in flowery guise, with the artful tongue and dazzling eyes, that welds the chain that binds the man that lives in the house that rum built.ŠThe Happy Pilgrim. SEND FOR LIST OF EXCELLENT BOOKS slightly damaged, offered at half price. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co., 39 Bond St., New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and anykind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State. either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, $1.00 44 Six months, .60 41 Three " - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. SOMETHING NEW, NEAT, NICE, And necessary, if you would know, and have others know the COrIPLETE DECALOGUE as God spake it from Sinai's flaming summit. A CHART 12x18 INCHES. On thick paper, mounted at top and bottom with metal and ready to hang on the wall. Postpaid, 25 Cents. Postage stamps acceptable. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING!CO., 39 Bond Street, New York. Illustrating the Travels of Paul. Very useful for Sabbath Schools Especially when studying the Book of Acts. Clear and plain. Size 52x71 inches. Printed on cloth. Regular price, $5. We will send it to any address Postpaid for $4. Order now and get the benefit of a splendid help in the Sabbath School or family. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. 