298 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. adding to this number " the people who are also attendants, associates, and sym-pathizers, who go to churcle and send their wives and children and subscribe for it, : and have a profound respect for it whether they believe in it or not,"Šby this method, of counting he got up " from forty-five to fifty:niillions of the-people of this country who have more or less of re-ligious profession or sympathy." Then upon.this calculation he argueS :Š There is no use in endeavoring to escape the re-sponsibility. If the Senate to-day decides that it will not close that Exhibition on Sunday, the Ex-hibition will be opened on that day, and you will have Offended more than 40,000,000 of peopleŠseriously and solemnly offended -them. No wise statesman or monarch of modern times, no satrap of Rome would have thought it wise to fly in the face of a profound conviction of the people he governed, no matter if he thought it was a pro-found error. It is not wise statesmanship to do it. - Now, if gentlemen repudiate this, if they desire-to reject it, if they deny that this is in the true sense of the word a religious Nation, I should like to see the disclaimer put in white and black and proposed by the Congress of the United States. Write it. How would you write it ? How would you deny that from the foundation of the country, through every fiber of their being this people Ifis been- a religious people. Word it, if you dare; advocate it, if you dare. How many who voted for it would ever come back here again ? None, I hope. ŠId, p. 6759. So, then, the chief duty of a United States senator, or member of Congress, is 'to " come back here again." The height of the ambition of such is to " come back here again." And now it is the perfec-tion of " wise statesmanship " so to play into the hands of threatening, boycotting, and unprincipled religious partisans, as to be sure that they can " come back here again." No matter though the thing de- manded be subversive of every principle of the Government, we must yield to it, or we can't " come back here again." No matter though the thing demanded be positively forbidden by the Constitution it must be granted or else we can't " come back here again." No matter, though to yield to the demand we must violate the solemn oath which we took to maintain the Constitution of the United StatesŠthat oath is nothing, the Constitution is nothing, the principles of the Government are nothing, in the presence of the awful alternative, conveyed in the threats of re- ligious bigots, that we can't " come back here again." Was there ever on earth a more cowardly or more contemptible surrender than this of the Senate of the United States, as proclaimed by its representativesŠSena- tors Frank S. Hiscock, of New York, and Joseph R. Hawley, of Connecticut ? And the Church managers know that it is a surrender to them. The chaplain of the Senate in tlte article before referred to says :Š Say not that the former days were better than these, for the Congress of the United States never numbered abler, truer, nobler men than fill the chambers to-day ! And never more surely than now would avowed hostility to God, his day and word and house and kingdom, remand a public servant to private life. This is just what these senators told the churches that they were afraid of. And this is now a public notice that henceforth a religious test will be required as a qual-ification for office under the United States. H. H. George, who labored for months to secure this legislation, said:Š I have learned that we hold the United States Senate in our hands. They would be very dull indeed not to have learned it, when the Senate Łopenly  told them so. Of course they hold it in their hands, and they will use it, too. For did not that other preacher, J. D. Sands, in -Pittsburg, declare that as the Senate had listened tic) the voice of the Church, This grand, good fact suggests to the Christian's mind that if this may be done, so may other equally needful 'measures. The Church is gaining power continually and its voice will be heard in the future much oftener than in the past. Thus the evidence is complete and the proof conclusive, that the Government of the United States as it was established and as it was intended to remain is no more. It has been given, into the hands of the combined churches, and is there now only a tool to be used by them to en-force upon all the decrees of the Church at her arbitrary will. And thus there stands in the United States to-day the living image of the Papacy, instead of the glorious Government which our fa-thers established and hoped would remain. The " new order of things " to which this Nation stands pledged by the Great Seal of the United States is reversed; and the old order of things which has always been a curse to the world is restored. A. T. J. Chicago Asks for a Repeal of the Sunday Closing Proviso. A PETITION, starting from Chicago, is being industriously circulated, asking for the repeal of the congressional action closing the World's Fair on Sunday. The Chicago Herald has announced that it will circulate the petition throughout the entire United States. After citing the par-agraphs which it is asked should be re-pealed, the. memorial gives, as reasons why Congress should reverse its previous action in this matter, the educational ad-vantages of the Fair which should be de-nied to none : and that Sunday closing would inevitably flood the city on that day with an idle crowd which would tend to multiply crime beyond the capacity of the police to meet the situation. The last two clauses of the memorial read thus:Š That the largest opportunity should be given for admission to the grounds and buildings of the Fair on this day, and that some marked distinction should be made so as to have Sunday stand apart as a special day, such as stopping all machinery and labor connected with exhibits and allowing exhibitors who so desired to cover their displays. That the entire matter of a Sunday as well as a week day Fair should,be left by Congress in the hands of the regular World's Fair authorities. This petition and memorial is nothing but a very superficial plea for the reversal of the Sunday closing action. While it makes that plea, it takes at the same time the position that " some marked distinction should be made so as to have Sunday stand apart as a special day," ignoring the true position that no one has a right in reality to make any distinction in this matter for anyone outside of himself and his own personal exhibit. If it were possible that this petition could be brought before all those in this country who sympathize with it, and signed by them, it is very certain that on its presentation Congress would repeal the Sunday closing proviso. It is not likely, however, that enough interest will be taken in it to accomplish any such thing. But even if this should be done, on a petition so worded, and for the rea-sons there related, with the acknowledg-ment there made, the legislative attitude as regards religion which the central  Government has taken would remain un-changed. The actual and valid reasons - upon which this memorial should have been based have been entirely ignored. Has it become a settled conviction, already, in the minds of the people that the,  First Amendment to the Constitution has been interpreted out of 'existence by the Su-preme Court, and that now 'it is perfectly proper for Congress to pass laws respect-ing the establishing of religion ?. How long since. Congress has been constitution-ally endowed with the power to pasS leg-islation impairing the obligation of con-tracts previously entered into, that no mention should be made of such a plea in this memorial ? When has Congress pur-chased the World's Fair site, of the State of Illinois, by the consent of the Legisla-ture of the State, that it should assume to legislate either directly or indirectly as to its municipal control ? Why does not this memorial ask these questions and make these pleas ? Is it because constitutional government in this country is a thing of the past, and already we are under the rule of an oligarchy ? Do these petition-ers mean to acknowledge this ? or do they wish to protest against it ? If this is a protest, why do they not protest ? Why not place themselves frankly and intelli-gently upon the righteous principle, and not tamely yield to the unrighteous enact-ment, only asking that it be remitted in their individual case to serve their selfish interests ? The Mail and Express reports Mr. Edward F. Crogin, of Chicago, as saying : No attempt has been made to answer the argu-ment that no opening on Sunday is in accordance with the unanimous opinion of the United States Supreme Court that this is a Christian Nation. Is this statement true ?ŠIt is. Outside of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL and a few of its supporters scarcely a voice has been raised in all this Nation to expose the specious fallacies of that decision. Are there no learned lawyers or judges in the city of Chicago competent to realize the lack of law, of logic, and of Christianity which are the distinguishing features of this decision ? If there are, why do they not speak ? Emboldened by their failure to speak in any of these particulars the Mail and Ex-press makes the friends of Sunday closing say that "the Fair will be under the con-trol of the United States Government, and not under the control of the local board, and no judge in Cook County would have any jurisdiction whatever," Do the judges and lawyers of Cook County acknowledge any such oligarchy ? If not, why not speak ? w. H. M. A Fine Scheme, Truly! SOME eight years ago an organization known as the " Boys' Brigade '-' was formed in Scotland, its object being " to promote Christ's kingdom among the boys and train them in habits of reverence, self-respect, and Christian manliness." Three years ago the organization was introduced into this country by way of.  San Francisco; and now a brigade has been organized at Willimantic, Conn. In a sermon in that city on the 18th inst., Rev. C. A. Dinsmore thus explains the scheme for keeping the boys under church influence and interested in church work The boys are equipped in the uniform and drilled in the tactics of the United States Army. They have breech loading Springfield rifles and are 