AMERICAN SENTINEL. 601 given. Bosehaus, acting on the advise of his counsel, kept open the following Sunday, and his sons, Harry, jr., and Charles, were again arrested. Both were found guilty and fined, but the second case against Bosehaus, senior, was dismissed for lack of evidence. "The Justice thought the fines and costs should be paid, and when they were not forthcoming, issued an attachment on Bosehau's goods. This was served, but no sale was made. The constable backed out, fearing he might go too far. "The Magistrate announced yesterday that he had decided that he had no authority. He accordingly threw out all the complaints and convictions. "Antonio Marino, a barber, called upon Mr. Randall yesterday and told him he was induced to plead guilty to opening his place of business and paid a fine of $2, under a threat that if he refused he would be sent to jail. Suit will be brought to recover, and the facts will be laid before the Grand Jury. THE Sunday-closing fight in Paterson has been taken up by the Paterson Grocers' Association, and there is prospect of a lively contest over the question of the va-lidity of the old "blue laws." The World gives this state-ment of the situation:Š "The Paterson Grocers' Association has decided to take up the Sunday-closing fight on behalf of the River-side Butchers' and Grocers' Association, whose efforts to have fines imposed on Henry Bosehaus for keeping his butcher store open on Sunday failed. "The grocers have engaged a lawyer and new com-plaints will be made against Bosehaus if he opens his store for business next Sunday. "If this is carried out Richard Randall, counsel for Bosehaus, intends to push the blue laws to the limit. He has found that some members of the Grocers' Associa-tion were on a pleasure drive last Sunday, others went wheeling and others played ball. These acts are con-trary to a strict observance of the old Sunday law. The same law would stop the running of trolley cars and stop the light works. "Mr. Bosehaus was willing to close his place of busi-ness Sundays after the end of this month, but now he declares he will keep open every Sunday." It should be remembered that the Sunday-closing question is always one of principle rather than of policy. Changing the Sabbath in the Cook Islands. FROM information received from Raratonga, an island of the Cook group, it seems that the interesting experiment is to be made by the authorities there, of changing the day observed as the Sabbath in those islands. Up to this time the seventh day of the week has been observed there, this having become fixed under the impression that it was the first dayŠSunday. The excuse given for the change now proposed is that it is a commercial necessity. A paper published in the islands, says:Š "As Raratonga, or rather the Cook Group, advances  there are many old laws that are being found not now applicable, and many customs of the past that have to be put aside to meet the necessities of the present. Among the latter is the observance of Sunday. As every one knows, owing to an error of the early missionaries, no allowance was made for difference of time when com-ing here; hence we have been keeping Saturday as Sun-day. This is proving very confusing, and to vessels an-noying and expensive. We prohibit them from working on the proper Sunday, and force them to work on their Sunday. To the Union Steamship Company this is extra expense, apart from delay, as by the Seaman's Union the company are forced to pay additional to their crews when working on Sunday. However, we are glad to hear that this is likely to be altered, as a bill is to be brought before parliament next session to have the cor-rect day kept as Sunday, and we learn that the British Resident here favors this step." The following additional information is sent us by a friend in Raratonga:Š "About a fortnight since, the Arikies, or chiefs of-the island, held their eouncil meeting, and prepared their address for parliament. Among other things they pro-pose, is a change of the rest day to Sunday, with heavy penalties for any violations thereof. Parliament will be opened for business next Monday, I hear. It remains to be seen what they will do." The Corporate Billionaire. "New York Journal." MILLIONAIRES are an old storyŠfor some time the question has been when the billionaire would come. The billionaire is hereŠnot yet as a single individ-ual, although it will soon come to that, but as a capital-istic combination. The Vanderbilt-Rockefeller alliance, proclaimed by the entrance of William Rockefeller into the directorate of the New York Central, means the amalgamation of a thousand million dollars of capital into one mass, to be wielded as the minds that control it determine. The Crockers have been regarded on the Pacific Coast as financial powers of the first order, but the purchase of the entire Crocker interests in the Central and Southern Pacific Railroads is reported as a mere minor incident of the gigantic plans of the Caesars who dominate the over-shadowing Eastern Railroad Trust. The Vanderbilt railroads extend at present from Massachusetts to the Dakotas, and from Canada to Vir-ginia. They include over 26,000 miles of roadŠmore than one-eighth of the total mileage of the United States. If the Southern. Pacific system is added, the Vanderbilt-Rockefeller roads will reach every frontier of the Union,:North, South, East and West, and will com-prise over 33,000 miles of road, or between one-fifth and one-sixth of the entire American mileage. No country in the world outside of the United States has as many miles of railroads as these few menwill con- 