To SET UD a colonial system is to be ready to trade peace for war, to surrender serenity and security for a state of armed- anxiety and weakening incertitude. It is to mix up in alien quarrels, which we have deprecated always, and with special emphasis of late, at precisely the time when, by all indications they are about to culminate in the most colossal and destructive war of modern times. Not long ago at the Lord Mayor's banquet in London, Lord Salisbury declared that the advent of the United States into Old World diplomacy would strengthen England, but his lordship added that he was sorry that in his opinion it did not improve the pros-pects of peace. The sensitive storm center is in the East, and into the very midst of it we shall be led by this policy.ŠChas. A. Towne. New York Under Tammany Rule. "NEW YORK UNDER TAMMANY RULE" is the title of an informing article which Frank Moss, counsel for the Mazet Investigating Committee, has written for The Saturday Evening Post, of Philadelphia. After summa-rizing the notorious methods of Tammany rule, whereby the leaders enrich themselves at the expense of the tax-payer, and run the City of New York as "wide-open" as any Western mining town, Mr. Moss accounts for the helplessness of the law-abiding majority and suggests a means for the overthrow of the Croker regime. This article is one of a series dealing with the muni-cipal affairs of great American cities. It will appear in The Saturday Evening Post, of September 9. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Rana Droll on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AM S I-  L, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. Six months - .50. 44 Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 573 years ago had been allowed to be open in St. Petersburg, have-now been closed. "Coincidently with this, some German and Polish Jews, residents at St. Petersburg, have been ordered to leave that city within thirty days. If the czar has har-dened his heart towards Lutherans, Finns, Jews, and Mennonites, the sudden death of his brother seems to have caused some change, for the moment at least, in his attitude towards the Protestants known as the Molokani. This sect is found in far eastern Russia. The organization consists of presbyterial congregations. The Molokani are total abstainers from liquor, and have the reputation of being wonderfully familiar with the Bible. They are extremely reserved in manner. When the czar's brother, the czarowitz, was attacked by hemorrhage while taking a bicycle ride in the Caucasus, a poor Molokani woman found him, helped him to her house, and nursed him during his few remaining hours of life. In recognition of this, the czar has issued a public manifesto, not only thanking the woman for her ser-vices, but also offering his grateful acknowledgments to the entire Molokani sect." I CONSIDER the Government of the United States as interdicted by the Constitution from intermeddling with religious institutions, their doctrines, discipline, or exer-cises. This results not only from the provision that no law shall be made respecting the establishment or free exercise of religion, but from that, also, which reserves to the States the powers not delegated to the United States. Certainly, no power to prescribe any religious exercise, or to assume authority in religious discipline, has been delegated to the general Government. It must, then, rest with the States, as far as it can be in any hu man authority. But it is only proposed that I should recommend, not prescribe, a day of fasting and prayer. That is, that I should indirectly assume to the United States an authority over religious exercises, which the Constitution has directly precluded them from.Š Thomas Jefferson. SATURDAY in all the Latin races is the Sabbath; indeed, the French Samedi is a corruption of Sabbati dies. As is well known, the early church observed the Sabbath as well as the "Lord's day," and it was not till the end of the fourth or fifth centuries that both Saturday and Sunday ceased to be observed together with strictness as holy days.Š The Examiner (Baptist). "Tan remedy for the race trouble," says The Inde-pendent, "is liberty, the fullest liberty. Nothing else, nothing less." That is true; and the "fullest liberty" is in "nothing else, nothing less" than Christianity. Does your subscription to the Sentinel expire this month or in October? Read our offer on page 575 and renew at once. 