APRIL 2T, 1803. AlvinnicAN- 181 to be exempted; but all men everywhere have a right to protest and should protest against religious legislation on the part of civil government now and forevermore. 9. They are wrong, because they as-sume that the majority have rights and liberties to grant to the minority, which is false. Inalienable rights come from the Creator, and are possessed by all equally; and with the rights belongs the liberty to exercise and enjoy them. This assumption is clearly indicated in the following words of Rev. F.W. Ware, Sec-retary of the American Sabbath Union, for Michigan, in the Michigan Sabbath Watchman for June, 1892:Š There is not a Seventh-day Adventist in this State that dare plow his field, or reap his grain, or build his house, or thrash his wheat, or chop his wood, without pleading his right to do so under the exemption clause of our laws, which clause has its root in his conscientious and religious convic-tions and customs. The only legal right the Sev-enth-day Adventists have to ao secular work in shop, on house, in field, or to run their presses, etc , in their publishing concern on the Christian Sabbath, is a right given them by this State on religious grounds only. That Seventh-day Adventists dare do and have done just what Mr. Ware here says they dare not do, reference needs only to be made to their practice in the State of Tennessee where there is no ex-emption clause to the State Sunday law, and in Arkansas during the time the ex-emption clause was there repealed. - 10. They are wrong, because this as-sumption of superiority and of being the dispensers of the rights and liberties of others on the part of Sunday-keepers, car-ries with it the idea that they may right-fully curtail or deny those rights and privileges whenever they see fit to do so. Thus Mr. Crafts claims thatŠ The tendency of legislatures and executive offi-cers toward those who claim to keep a Saturday-Sabbath is to over leniency rather than over-strict-ness.ŠCrafts' "Sabbath for Man," p. 262. Instead of granting exemption clauses, he says :Š Infinitely less harm is done by the usual policy, the only constitutional or sensible one, to let the insignificantly small minority of less than one in a hundred, whose religious convictions require them to rest on Saturday (unless their work is of a pri-vate character such as the law allows them to do on Sunday) suffer the loss of one day's wages rather than have the ninety-nine suffer by the wrecking of their Sabbath by public business. ŠIbid. The Bill of Rights in the Kentucky State Constitution well declaresŠ That absolute, arbitrary power over the lives, liberty, and property of free men exists nowhere in a republic, not even in the largest majority. Mr. Andrew W. Young, in his " Gov-ernment Class Book," p. 199, says :Š Every man has a right to demand protection by the Government. This protection is afforded by its police and other civil officers. So, also, if these are not sufficient, the governor is bound to call out the militia, to protect even a single person. This idea of Sunday-law makers being the benefactors of, and dispensers of rights to, those who observe another day than Sunday, is further shown in the words of Mr. Crafts, in his " Sabbath for Man," p. 262:Š Instead of reciprocating the generosity shown to-ward them by the makers of Sabbath laws, these Seventh-day Christians expend a very large part of their energy in antagonizing such laws, seeking by the free distribution of tracts and papers to secure their repeal or neglect, seemingly on the policy of rule or ruin. They persuade very few to keep the seventh day; they only succeed in confusing the consciences of many about the first. They increase the desecration of the Lord's day, but not the hal-lowing of Saturday." This is what the observers of the sev- enth day are asked to pay for exemption clauses. They are asked to cease their use of the freedom of speech and the press guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States; to say nothing against either the Sunday Sabbath or Sunday laws; in fact to say nothing about the Sabbath question at all. The Bill of Rights of the Constitution of West Vir-ginia, says :Š All men shall be free to profess, and by argu-ment to maintain, their opinions in matters of re-ligion. Here is the ground upon which the apostles stood (Acts 4 : 17-20; 5: 27-29); here is where the Reformers of the six-teenth century stood; and here is where those who honor the divine precepts and the Sabbath of the Lord now stand.Š W. A. Colcord, in Home Missionary. Must Obey Their Own Laws. THE course which the American Sab-bath Union has taken, in Pittsburg and Pennsylvania, is likely to bring about an impartial enforcement of the Sunday law of 1794 such as scarcely entered into the plans of the Sabbath Unionists. They had intended to be lords of Sunday them-selves, but a new factor has arisen which is likely to turn the tables upon them. Pittsburg despatches say :Š The new Law and Omit r League, which aims to outdo the Law and Order Society in enforcing the ancient Sunday law in this city, began work to-day. Detectives in its employ have gathered a mass of evidence, which has been laid before the local magistrates. The names of the superintendent, officials and stockholders in the Citizens' Traction Company were secured, besides the toll takers of the numer-ous bridges, all of whom will be prosecuted for violating the Sunday law. Probably the biggest game secured were the officials of the Carnegie Company. Alderman McNeirney, working as a detective, paid a visit to the Homestead mills, where he found more than 1,000 men working, as they said, not from necessity, but solely to increase their 'employers' profits. He was assured that most of the works could be shut down over Sunday without loss except the loss of the profits of that day. The detectives of the new society are paying particular attention to preachers and church goers who employ coachmen to drive them to church, which is said to be as much a violation of the Sun-day law as the sale of Sunday newspapers. It is not yet determined when the arrests are to be made. The League's lawyer advises that the matter be held in abeyance until the legislature adjourns, in the hope that the amendment to the blue law may be made. The legislature shows no sign of modifying the law. This is about as ridiculous a result as the effect of the Sunday closing of the Fair in Chicago upon the workingmen for whose benefit and in whose behalf it was to be closed. It is poetic justice that the advocates of the strict enforcement of religious laws should in both places be hoist with their own petard. In the one place their own vaunted Blue Laws are to be enforced against themselves. In the other the very class in whose interest the legislation was ostensibly had take an-other rest day of their own choice, that they may work on Sunday when the Fair is closed, and be free from labor and able to attend on a day that the Fair is open. Thus the dramatic unities are satisfied, and the truth, on both the civil and reli-gious sides of this question, is preached by deeds which speak louder than words, and will be more enduring than the printed page. When the Pittsburg en-forcement of Sunday laws upon them-selves has shown them how unreasonable, improper, unjust and unchristian such laws are, and when the Sunday-closing  episode at Chicago has taught hundreds of thousands that Sunday is not the Sab-bath, and that their whole theory is doubly wrong, will they themselves then stop and think ? Or have they already gone beyond that ? W. H. M. The Bostonian and the Brooklyn Eagle. A CLEAR-MINDED Bostonian writes a lit-tle sound doctrine to the editor of the Brooklyn Eagle, who publishes the letter with a comment, as follows :Š To the Editor of the Brooklyn Eagle: In your issue of the 9th inst., in the course of an article on " The Fair and Sunday," you say that undoubtedly the "national authorities had a right to make an appropriation conditional on Sunday closing " Now, this is precisely what the national authorities had not the right to do. The Consti-tution distinctly forbids Congress to enact reli-gious legislation of any kind. All law-making in the interest of, or in antagonism to, any religion is clearly unconstitutional. Congress has not the slightest right to meddle. It was the intention of the fathers to keep Church and State separate. E.C. WALKER 5 Somerset Street, Boston, April 14, 1893. [If the correspondent is correct the appropriation falls with the condition attached to it. We have not heard, however, that E. C. Walker or any other man of sin favors giving up the appropriation. ŠEn. Eagle. ] The item as it appears in the Eagle is headed " State Religion and the Fair. Rest, not Religion, and Sanitary, not Devout, Considerations Prevailed," This title is a juggling with words, which, if it shows anything, proves that the editor of the Eagle knows better than to have made the comment which follows the let-ter. If the Eagle's correspondent is cor-rect the appropriation does not, neces-sarily, fail with the condition attached to it. The appropriation is perfectly proper; it was entirely within the authority of Congress to make such an appropriation, but it was not within the authority of Congress to attach the proviso which it did. The appropriation was accepted; it was a valid appropriation ; there was no reason why it should not be accepted. The proviso was also accepted, but the acceptance of it did not give Congress the right to do that which was unconsti-tutional,Šit only involved the Fair man-agement in the acceptance of an unlawful legislative act. If the directors of the Fair appreciate this fact, that Congress and a certain religious element have led them into this anomalous position, it is perfectly proper for them to plead that they can not undertake to do what Con-gress was forbidden by law to ask of them. This is a perfectly well recognized principle of law. It is also entirely clear that as Congress had perfect right to make the appropriation, and it was made in due form and transferred, that no amount of illegal and unconstitutional provisos would invalidate the original ap-propriation. All that would fail would be the provisos which were null and void ab initio. The truth is that Congress stands before the country disgraced, from whatever point of view the matter is c, esidered. It has yielded to the clamor of an influ-ential minority and passed an unconsti-tutional act. It would seem that nothing could well be worse than this, but Con-gress has gone farther and made itself ridiculous by attaching to its appropria-tion a proviso which not only can not be enforced, but which leav s the Fair man-agers a good and sufficient defense and which inculpates Congress either of ig- 