186 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "AGAINST the barbarism of a resort to war,". says a religious journal which speaks for the Reformed Episcopal Church, "it is the duty of every Christian to protest." This is true; and the Christian's protest should be sus-tained by action as well as by voice or pen. So far as his own actions are concerned, the Christian can never allow his convictions of right to be overruled. * IT seems difficult for many people to grasp the truth that the battles of righteousness are never fought with carnal weapons. Whoever fights with such weapons is liable to defeat; but God is not liable to defeat. "The good fight of faith" is always victorious. If Spain and the United States should engage .in war, the outcome would demonstrate nothing as to the rightfulness of the victorious side, any more than was demonstrated by the late war between the infidel Turks and the "Christian" Greeks. Tars is not saying that a government is not bound under some circumstances to go to war. Governments are sustained by force, and war is but the last resort of force. Every government assumes the right to perpetu-ate its own existence; and to do this it feels bound to employ all necessary force, and make any necessary sac-rifice of life and property. To attempt to overthrow the goVernment is high treason, a crime punished by the se-verest penalties. The act in itself may be laudable, as in the case of the Declaration of Independence, by which the British Government was overthrown in the American col-onies; but from the standpoint of the government it is the highest crime, and one to be repressed at all hazards. The Declaration of Independence was a crime of the highest magnitude; but it was no sin. A government fights its own battles; but the battles between sin and righteousness are fought by other agencies, even by those that are spiritual. IT is perfectly natural that a government should em-ploy force, even in the form of armies and battleships, to maintain the things which are deemed essential to its existence. Force is the natural agency of civil govern-ment; indeed, the government stands for force, and for that agency only. It does not represent love; it does not stand for persuasion. The government does not love anybody; is wastes no time in argument. It simply  commands and exacts obedience. Importers of foreign goods are not persuaded to pay a tariff on their importa-tions; the government wastes no breath, time, or money in persuading people to obey any of its Łrequirements. It simply makes known its requirements, and then pro-ceeds to enforce them. WHEN we speak against war, we do not speak from the standpoint of the civil government. From that standpoint the use of force to secure any desired end is a necessity. That is the worldly standpoint, and force is the natural weapon of the world. One method of em-ploying this force is through politics; the ballot repre-sents force, and not love or persuasion. Politics are a necessity in civil government, and war may become a ne-cessity. We do not say that the civil government could do any better than to employ force in either 'of these forms when it is deemed that circumstances require them. We' do not see how the government could do differently. What we do say is, that in these the government does not stand for Christianity. We protest against the idea that the civil government, in politics or war, proceeds upon Christian principles, save in so far as it maintains separation between church and state. In keeping itself separate from religion, the civil government is in har-mony with Christianity; and in the maintenance of this principle, and this only, the two stand upon common ground. Tan government depends upon force. Christianity does not depend upon force. It cannot be maintained by force. The government represents force; Christianity represents love. The government can accomplish its ends only as it makes use of force; Christianity can ac-complish her ends only as she refrains from the use of force. Let those who are of the world employ worldly methods and worldly weapons. We can suggest none better for them, so long as they remain of the world. But let those who are not of this world employ methods and weapons that are not of this world. Let them em-ploy love, not force; the "sword of the Spirit," not the sword of steel. And Christians are not of,  this. world. Let Christians therefore protest against war;, not as being contrary to worldly principles or worldly interests, but as contrary to Christianity. It is not the business of Christians to advise the world what to do from a wOrldly stand point; from that standpoint the world is as wise as the Christian. The Christian's business is ,to advise the world from the standpoint of Christianity; in other words, to advise those who are of the world to become Christians; to point out the superiority of the principles and ways of Christianity to the principles and ways of the world. SOME very interesting news comes to us from the field 