28 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Of civil government. As a matter of fact, marriage is no more a "connecting link" be-tween Church and State, than is life, or prop-erty, or character. But when the Doctor comes to the discus-sion of his second " connecting link," the Sunday, he makes a good deal worse mixture than he does with his first. We quote the whole paragraph :Š "The Christian Sabbath, or weekly clay of rest, is likewise protected by legislation, and justly sci, because it has a civil as well as a religious side; it is necessary and profitable for the body as well as for the soul; it is of special benefit to the laboring classes, and guards them against the tyranny of capital. The Sabbath antedates the Mosaic legisla-tion, and is, like the family, founded in the original constitution of man, for whose tem-poral and spiritual benefit it was instituted by the God of creation." This paragraph is as full of error as an egg is full of meat. We have not space to fully set forth all the errors that it contains, but we shall call attention to some. The most prom-inent token of error that it bears is, that it contradicts itself. He first calls it "the Chris-tian Sabbath," and then says that it is "founded in the original constitution of man." But Christianity is not an original institution. How, then, can the Sabbath be "founded in the original constitution of man," and be at the same time the "Christian Sab-bath "? It cannot be; it is a moral impossi-bility. Christian institutions are peculiar to the system of redemption through Christ; but the Sabbath antedates the system of re-demption. The Sabbath was instituted be-fore man had sinned, before he needed to be redeemed. It would have been kept by man had he never sinned; but had he never sinned, there never would have been any Christianity, nor any Christian institutions. Consequently it is impossible for the Sab-bath to be the "Christian" Sabbath. It is ut-terly a misnomer to call it the Christian Sab-bath. The only names the Author of the Sabbath has ever-given it are "the Sabbath of the Lord," and, "the Lord's day." Let these titles, which alone the Author of the Sabbath has given to that institution, be put alongside 61 his own words in relation  to what men owe to civil government, and see how the matter stands. He calls it " the Sabbath of the Lord," and, "the Lord's day." He says, "Render therefore unto Cmsar the things which are Caesar's; and canto God the things !hat are God's." The Sabbath is the Lord's. It is the Lord's day. Therefore it is to be rendered to the Lord. The Sabbath pertains not to Cesar. It is not Cxsar's in any sense. It is the Lord's. Therefore, the Sabbath being the Lord's and not Cwsar's, it is proved by the words,of Christ that the civil government has nothing at all to do with it. This annihilates at once the Doctor's idea that the Sabbath "has a civil as well as a re-ligious side." The word of God says that the Sabbath is the Lord's, and Christ distinctly separates that which is the Lord's, from that which is Ccesar's: therefore when Dr. Schaff or anybody else attempts to pass off the Sab-bath as both civil and religious, as pertaining  both to God and to Cxsar, he confounds that which Christ has clearly distinguished, and virtually charges Christ with loose thinking. The commandment of God does not say, Remember the Sabbath day to keep it civilly; it does say, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." The Sabbath is wholly a relig-ious institution; man's observance of it per-tains wholly to the Lord. Therefore when the State undertakes to enforce the observ-ance of the Sabbath, it thereby demands that to Caesar shall be rendered that which is God's; and in that it usurps the place of God. That which is the Lord's we are to render to him direct, without any of the med-dling mediumship of Caesar. When we have rendered to Caesar that which is his, we have rendered to him all his due, and when he has so received his due, he has no right to de-mand any more. And it is none of his busi-ness how men render to God that which is God's, or whether they render it at all or not. All this is written in regard to the State and the Sabbath of the Lord. It is Sunday, however, that Dr. Schaff presents as the sec-ond connecting link which forms the union of Church and State in our country. And in-deed this much of his article is true. Sunday is the link which connects Church and State, whenever the State has anything to do with it in the way of legislation. We ourselves showed in the SENTINEL of last month, that Sunday was the link that united Church and State in the fourth century, and that in the same way Sunday is now being used as the link by which Church and State will be united in fact in the United States. But whereas the Sabbath of the Lord belongs to God, though not to Cesar, the Sunday Sab-bath belongs neither to God nor to Ctesar. There is no command of God for it. It is wholly an institution of the church. The church instituted the practice of Sunday ob-servance; the first Sunday law that ever was issuedŠthat by ConstantineŠwas at the request of the church, and was expressly to favor the church; and that has been the only purpose of Sunday legislation from that time to this. And that is why it is that Sunday is in truth the ".connecting link" that forms the union between the Church and the State. But the more permanently that link is severed amongst all people, the better it is for both Church and State. There has never yet been a union of Church and State, that has not tended only the more to corrupt both. And it never can be otherwise. The church of Christ is espoused "as a chaste virgin to Christ," and she cannot join herself to any other, without forsaking her Lord and mak-ing herself -an adulteress. Let no one blame us for saying that there is no command of God for keeping Sunday, and that it is an institution of the church. We make the statements just as we find them, and we find them made by what is certainly high authority. The American Tract Society issues a $500 prize-essay on the subject, which says of the " Christian Sabbath," that there is "complete silence of the New Testament so far- as any explicit command" "or definite  rules for its observance are concerned." And the American Sunday School Union issues a $1,000 prize-essay on the same subject, which says : " Up to the time of Christ's death there had been no change in the day." And " so far as the record shows they [the apostles] did not give any explicit command enjoining the abandonment of the seventh-day Sabbath, and its observance on the first day of the week." And this $500 essay also fixes upon Sunday as a sacred day only by " a consensus of the Christian church." Now according to the word of Christ, which we are here discussing, men owe duty in but two directionsŠto God and to Caesar. But Sunday observance be-longs to neither of these, but to " the church." Therefore as Sunday observance belongs neither to God nor to civil government, there is no power in existence that can of right command it; and there is no obligation rest-ing upon any soul to observe it. Dr. Schaff's third "connecting link," the Public School, we must defer till our next. A. T. National Reform Ideas of Right. THE following extract is National Reform doctrine in its purest form, from the pen of one of its best representatives :Š "A Christian people, adopting and adminis-tering a government that we would call Chris-tian, might legislate about religion as well as about morals or education or temperance. To do so would not unite Church with State. Illustrations will be in place here. A Chris-tian people might enact that any man who would blaspheme or curse God should be punished. If all the people of the United States were Christians, and they should be, they would do right in passing a law, Con-gressional or State or municipal, that no one, even a foreigner, pagan, or otherwise, should be permitted to erect- a pagan temple and set up and worship idols therein. This would be a lawful, civil act, and would not unite Church and State." This is a fair specimen of National Reform logic. Let us analyze it. "If all the peo-ple of the United States were Christians," they would have a right to pass a law prohib-iting the erection of pagan temples, and the worshiping of idols. Upon this we would note the following three points:- 1. If all the people of the United States were Christians, such a law would not be nec-essary, for Christians do not erect heathen temples, nor do they worship idols. If they were all Christians, we cannot see why any such laws could be called for, unless the Christians were of the class who believe that they ought to do a certain thing, but haven't enough conscience in the matter to do it without being compelled. We have heard people say, "I believe Sunday ought to be kept, and if there was a law compelling ev-erybody to keep it, I would keep it." Such ones are on a par with those who want a law forbidding Sunday railroad travel, so that they will not be tempted to patronize the railroads on Sunday, or to get up Sunday ex-cursions to camp-meetings. 2. But we will not find very much fault-with our friend's statement. Although it 