136 AMERICAN. SENTINEL. THE topic of all-absorbing interest for some time past has been that of war with Spain. There are a great many people in this country who think we ought to have war with Spain over the blowing up of the "Maine;" this is evident from all reports that come to us, making the most liberal allowance for journalistic "inaccuracies." And not a few of these belligerently-minded people occupy the position of ministers of the gospel of Christ. OF course, if "this is a Christian nation," there will be no war; for even should it be proved that an act of treachery caused the disaster to the "Maine," the nation would forgive the offense, which would probably he all that Spain would require. It cannot be denied that Christianity requires the forgiving of offenses, however wanton and injurious these may be, and forbids taking revenge upon an adversary. "Dearly beloved," it says, "avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath; for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord." * * * BUT it is needless to say that no such considerations will govern in the case; for this is not a Christian nation, and depends not upon God to fight its battles, but upon its army and navy. No Christian nation ever found it necessary to maintain an army and navy. No Christian ever found it necessary to preserve his standing and maintain his interests among his neighbors by carrying about with him a loaded revolver. * * * WE have heard of "Christians" who were willing to prove their Christianity by fighting any person who might call it in question. This may be rather an extreme case; still it is quite in accord with the dictates of the natural heart, and quite as convincing an argument as would be furnished by carrying out the warlike sugges. tions of some of the preachers. The tendency of the times is toward making a person's willingness to fight a test of his Christianity. If he does not believe in fighting he is set down as not patriotic; and the worst denucia-tions he will receive will come from the pulpit and the religious press. * * * "WELL, then, should not an individual do any fight-ing in this world at all?" This is a natural question, and  can be very easily answered. The purpose of God in the gospel does not contemplate that we shall do no, fighting n this world; on the contrary it provides that every per-son who will conform his life to it shall have all the fight-ing be can possibly want. It simply substitutes another object of attack for that which the individual, left to himself, would naturally choose. In place of "the other fellow,:' it points him to self as his worst enemy, and di-rects him to exert all his energies to conquer that. It declaresŠand very truthfullyŠthat "greater is he that ruleth his own spirit, than he that taketh a city." * THERE is nothing figurative about this; it is intensely real. The only person who could doubt its reality would be he who never tried to live the Christian life. The fight with self is a battle royal. The gospel provides a harder battle for the believer than any that he would ever en-gage in without it; but at the same time it gives him a perfect assurance of victory. ,So the individual who likes to be belligerent need not pass the gospel by for fear that he will not have ample scope under it for the exerciseŁ of his combativeness. He need not fear that it will make of him a weak, supine creature because it requires meekness and forbearance toward all men. On the contrary it will develop in him the strongest possible character. Moses. was reputed as being the meekest man on the face of the earth; but he was at the same time the strongest and most fearless character of his time. The man who is master of self has attained to the pinnacle of human greatness, whether he be recognized as great by the world or not. * GOD is not fighting men; on the contrary he is work-ing to save them, without distinction of class or nation. Must it be thought strange, then, that he does not want men to be fighting and killing each other? God is fight-ing the evil that has established itself in the human heart; he is fighting the selfishness which is man's mortal enemy. And if men had the will and the courage ;to cooperate,  with God in fighting self in themselves, there would be no,  occasion for all the fighting that they are so ready to do with one another. * SELF is always ready to fightŠsome one else. There are individuals who go about the country making a busi-ness of fighting. Was ever one of them known to be will-ing to fight self? They glory in the thought of being able to master other people; but not one of them is master of himself. They are conspicuously subject to their own passions. They are slaves to their worst enemy. No other possible foe can bring upon them so much evil; no other can bring them to such a fearful destiny. It is the settled purpose of self to plunge the soul into ruin- for all eternity; for this it is working every hour and every mo-ment. Why then cannot men see that their first business 