THE ,sEN'tiriel, OF LIBERTY. 613 truth in this world. And yet, while the world has no room for truth in the inn, but only a cross ar-ranged for it between thieves, God, when he bringeth this truth into the world says, "Let all the angels of God worship him." In heaven truth is 'always Wor-shipful as it will be in this world when it is finally triumphant and " The hail has swept away the refuge of lies." Yes, truth is always worshipful in the world to-day, though not always worshiped. It was not simply nineteen hundred years ago that Truth was crucified. Lowell well and grandly says: "Truth forever on the scaffold, wrong forever on, the throne, Yet that scaffold sways the future, and behind the dim unknown Standeth God within the shadows, keeping watch above His own." Another poet has truly said: " Truth crushed to earth shall rise again, The eternal years of God are hers; But error, wounded, writhes with pain, And dies amid her worshipers." Truth to-day, as of old, enters the world unknown and unrecognized by the self-styled great of earth. It comes in by the minority of one, and that one only a babe in the eyes of the world. It is still per-secuted and often ignominiously crucified, and its pil-grimage is long and perilous before a majority believe in it. But still it is ever triumphing through apparent defeat and. crucifixion. You may crucify it to-day ignominiciusly between thieves and ere three days it will rise again; and full soon it will ascend up to heaven glorified. All the world wi11 shout themselves hoarse with enthusiasm at the heels of the truth triumphant, and instantly enter their claims for a share of its honors and emoluhients,'but the Christian worships the cru= cified truth, and in self-forgetful dove is willingly crucified with it for the truth's sake, and the Chris-tian thus triumphs with the truth with a triumph eternal. On the other hand, if there is one lesson better taught by the history even of this world than almost any other it is this, that a lie can not, endure forever.° Put behind it all the authority of all the legislators of earth to enact it into laws; back of these all the courts with their leatned decisions, all the executive power, all the policerneh with, their -billies; all the militia with its muskets, all the army with its guns, all the navy with its floating enginery of death; back of these never so many editors to write leading articles to make the lie popular, never so many of the plumed knights of music :to blow the lie to the winds in harmonious notes, never so many execu-tioners to put to death all dissenters from the lie, and still it is only a lie. It may stand its day or two, its century or two, doing evil while it can, but it ever approaches the time of its utter extinction. Its triumphs are transient and its defeats eternal. The truth unaided, save by its own divine inherent strength, is mightier than the lie with all the powers of earth behind it. The world is full of illustrations of this fact. A few centuries ago men believed that this world was the most stationary thing in this universe. They thought it was flat, and that it rested on the shoulders of a gigantic man, and the man stood on the back of a turtle. Where the turtle stood they had not as yet discovered. The- blue sky was a canopy ce-mented to the edges of the world, and the stars were holes punched in this canopy to let the glory shine through and so give man glimpses of heaven. The sun and moon were hauled across the sky by invisi-ble angels who got them back always in time for a new trip. All this the world believed and the church believed. Moreover the church taught that the,  Bible taught this, and that any one was eternally damned who dared to deny it. For fear that God -would not do the work to suit her she proposed to begin to damn him here herself. Back of this great church that then held the world in her hand were all the kingdoms and courts and congresses of earth, and all the armies ready to do her bidding. Under these circumstances, one man, Galileo by name, in-vented a telescope by putting some lenses into a-piece of lead pipe. With this be dicoveted the moons of Jupiter and the motion of Jupiter upon its axis. He said this was a miniature Copernican sys-tern hung up in the, sky to show, us the plan of the universe. He asked the other philosophers to look through his telescope and see for themselves and they'refusec to look, afraid that they would be Flos-sessed with the philosopher's' magic and see things that never were. Galileo began to teach that the world was round, and that it turned on its axis in-stead of the sun going around it. For this the church shut him up in the dungeons of the inquisition and subjected him to the tortures of the rack. Under 