510 AMERICAN SENTINEL. " A Blasphemous Failure." RY A. R. HYATT. THE Oil City Blizzard, of Oil City, Pa.. under date of Friday, June 24, contains an editorial on Robert G. Ingersoll, the noted infidel, and his work. Now we do not believe in Ingersollism, and think we are as truly opposed to infidelity in all its forms as is the editor of the Blizzard. But the editor is on the wrong track. Listen to what he says : " For Robert G. Ingersoll, the lawyer, the orator, the open-hearted, pub-lic-spirited man, we must entertain respect; for Robert Ingersoll, the infidel, the blasphemous expounder of a poisonous belief, contradictory to the doctrine of the Bible, inconsistent with the creed of the Christian na-tions, we can hold nothing but feelings of abhorrence. "This man, whose eloquence is so powerful as to corrupt minds too weak to hold their own convictions, is a follower of Thomas Paine, the hideous scoffer against revealed religion, and, like Paine, weŁ find. him stepping aside from his religious controversies long enough to put in masterly diction a plea for pure morality, honesty and truth. With all his unrighteous tirade against the existence of an almighty God, he is a man with a keen appreciation of all that is good and fine in life, and it is astonishing to find him so. His family ties are the sweetest; his ability as a lawyer has won the confidence of his clients; his standing as one of the most able ora-tors in the country cannot be questioned; his estimate of women, made apparent in so many of his lectures, and his love for little children, show him to be a man of culture and good principles. "But all these attributes are clouded in darkness by the realization of his religious differences. He denies the existence of God; he would tear to pieces every thread of truth on which we base our comforting faith; he is a rank inconoclast, seeking to shatter the doctrinal idols of a Christian people and giving them nothing better in their place. " He can harm no one with a mind strong enough to resist his powerful persuasions, but to the ignorant mass of men his unreligious utterances framed in language of marvelous strength and beauty, must come like the in-spiring and impressible tones of harmonious music and inflict their contamination. "In this country, where free thought is allowed un-bridled liberty, he can give voice to his false sentiments and meet no stronger opposition than the arguments of the American pulpit; but it is a woful mistake, and tol-eration of speech should be a dead law when it comes to a ranting exposition of unreligious sentiment. "Ingersoll on Shakespeare, Ingersoll on Napoleon, Lincoln, or any of the historical characters of the world, is a literary treat; but Ingersoll on the 'Holy Bible' is from beginning to end a sacrilegious, blasphemous failure." A "failure,"Š" from beginning to end a sacrilegious, blasphemous failure,"Šand yet it is desired to hinder a man from showing his efforts to be such in speaking against the "Holy Bible." If it is a failure, good; let him fail. When men feel a desire to forcibly prevent their fellows from expressing their views on religion, they give evidence of a low appreciation of the religion of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. This editor has judged Christianity from the stand-point of popular pulpit teaching as shown by the ex-pression : "In this country where free thought is allowed unbridled liberty, he can give voice to his false senti-ments and meet no stronger opposition than the Amer-can pulpit." Let the pulpit present the plain truth as revealed in the Bible, and it will stand against the bom-bastic ebullitions of all the infidels in the country, and there will be no need of unjust laws that trample upon the God-given rights of the individual. THE Dayton Republican (Dayton, Tenn.) of August 5, reports the following interesting bit of conversation occurring recently in that town, in which is displayed the spirit of the demand for Sunday laws:Š "A Graysville lady who is also an Adventist was can-vassing in Dayton recently for an Adventist paper, when she encountered an unexpected snag. " don't want your Advent litatoor,' said the lady of the house she called at. 'You Advents ought to be in jail anyway. You was there once and you ought to have stayed. If you would obey the laws of your country you would not get in trouble. George Washington fixed the Sabbath, and you have no business in disobeying him.' "During this diatribe the visitor stood aghast. Fi-nally she managed to interpose: 'But Jesus Christ is greater than George Washington.' "'Not in this Sunday business he ain't,' snapped the irate lady of the house, and this ended the unique discus-si( n. "Clearly there is a field for missionaries other than in China and Africa." WRITING of the thirteen inch gun used in the navy, a writer in The Engineering Magazine says: "It is difficult to appreciate the power and, at the same time, the deli-cacy of these great fighting-machines. At the muzzle the immense projectile has been forced through twenty-seven inches of Harveyized steel. At two thousand yards the penetration is twenty-two and one-half inches. The ex-treme range is thirteen miles. The projectile leaves the gun with a velocity of 2,100 feet per second, or 1,400 miles per hour. A shot can be fired every one and one half minutes for a period of several hours. The force im-parted to the projectile, if properly applied, would lift a battleship bodily three feet, and yet this great machine, weighing 145,000 pounds, is as accurate as a high-grade watch." THE most powerful weapons are spiritual. 