100 THE AMERICAN S12 NTimnt. which he clearly had no right to do, but he him-self; as will be seen by his letter, which follows, declares that he had no thought of committing anybody else. One thing more shows the unprincipled methods employed to manufacture a huge list in favor of the Sunday bill. Not content to have the sepa-rate labor organizations indorse it by "representa-tion," that is, by a vote of a few, which could not represent the body, Mr. Crafts has lately gone to work to secure the indorsement of the Fed-erated Trades, by which means he is able to count all the laboring men again. Thus he can count every man as many times as there are as-sociations to which he belongs. Not only so, but by their peculiar scheme of representative indorse-ment, they count many who are positively op-posed to their movement, and who have signed the counter petition. Now we ask the readers of the SENTINEL to decide whose image and whose superscription this Sunday movement bears. Does it bear the stamp of God? God cannot lie. But there is another being, the enemy of God and of all righteousness, the prince of the power of the air, "the spirit which now worketh in the children of disobedi-ence," whose sole method of work is by fraud and deceit. Of him it is written that " he is a liar, and the father of it." We make no further state-ments, but leave the reader to trace the parentage of the Sunday movement as best he can. Let those who have been misrepresented by being counted in these wholesale indorsements, and those who have not been aware of the char-acter of the movement, protest vigorously, and at once, so that the leaders in the Sunday-law move-ment may no longer be able to pose before Con-gress as the representatives of all goodness and honesty. E. J. W. He Spoke for Himself. THE following from Mr. D. E. Lindsay, of Baltimore, a close observer of the National Re-form movement, and a good friend of the AMERI-CAN SENTINEL, should be preserved, as it exposes the fallacy of the claim of the leaders of the American Sabbath Union, that Cardinal. Gibbons indorsed the Sunday-Rest bill in behalf of the Catholic Church:Š Located as I am near the residence of Cardinal Gibbons, and being a reader of the Catholic Hews, published at Washington, D. C., and the Catholic Mirror, published in this city (Baltimore, Md.), I have watched for some time with interest the sayings of the different Catholic writers, until I was convinced that the so-called Protestants, in their eagerness to secure the passage of the Sun-day law, would forsake the true principles of Protestantism, and run after the very church Against which the famous protest was made in 1529, when the emperor had commissioned his brother Ferdinand to announce that the decrees of the former diet, which had allowed liberty of action to all States in matters of religion, were now absolutely annulled by imperial command. Having this evidence before me from Catholic -writers, as well as Protestant, I took the liberty to write the Cardinal a personal letter asking his purpose in signing, the petition for the passage of the Blair Sunday bill. In reply the Cardinal for- Łwarded me the following letter by his Chancellor, J. P. Donahue:Š "CARDINAL'S RESIDENCE, 408 NORTH CHARLES ST., Baltimore, Md., Feb. 27, 1889. "My DEAR SIR: In reply to your favor dated Feb. 25, 1889, duly received, His Eminence Cardinal  Gibbons desires me to write to you, that whatso-ever countenance His Eminence has given to the Sunday law' referred to in your favor, as he had not the authority, so he had not the intention, of binding the archbishops, the bishops, or the Cath-olic laity of the United States. His Eminence bids me say to you that he was moved to write a letter favoring the passage of the bill, mainly from a consideration of the rest and recreation which would result to our poor overworked fellow-citizens, and of the facility which it would then afford them of observing the Sunday in a religious and deco-rous way. " It is incorrect to assume that, His Eminence, in the alleged words of Senator Blair set forth in your favor, 'signed the bill, thus pledging 7,200,-000 Catholics as indorsing the bill.' "I have the honor to remain, with much respect, yours faithfully, J. P. DONAHUE, "Chancellor. " To D. E. Lindsey, Esq., 708 Rayner Avenue, Baltimore, Md." Where Sunday Laws Hit. THE Rev. Dr. G. W. Bothwell has stated that proposed Sunday 'laws are not "aimed at" those who observe the seventh day. Doubtless the same thing would have been said in Arkansas in 1885, where the effort was made to repeal the clause exempting from the penalties of the Sunday law those who observed any other day of the week. The sole object of those who secured that repeal was, as they said, to close the saloons, It was claimed that under cover of that exemption section, certain saloon keepers successfully defied the law. Accordingly the section was repealed, but the saloons were not molested. Out of twenty-one° cases of indictment for Sunday work, only one person was not an observer of the seventh day, and that one person was not convicted, although it was clearly proved that he worked. We pre-sent herewith a few of the cases, in order that our readers may see that Sunday laws almost inva-riably hit observers of the seventh day; whether they are aimed at them or hot. We copy from chap-ter seven of " Civil Government and Religion," by A. T. Jones, for sale at this office. For the sake of brevity, we omit, in most cases, the record of fines, etc. FIRST CASE. "Elder J. W. Scoles, a Seventh-day Adventist minister, had gone from Michigan to Arkansas in June, 1884, to assist Elder D. A. Wellman in holding some meetings at Springdale, Washington County. As the result of these meetings, quite a number of persons adopted the faith of that body, and practiced accordingly. In August, 1884, Elder Wellman died, and Elder Scoles continued the work in that place. In the winter of 1884-85, Elder J. G. Wood went from Appleton City, Mo., to assist Elder Sceles at Springdale. A church was organized in that place early in 1885, and the erection of a meeting-house was begun at once. In addition to his subscription to the en-terprise, Elder Scoles agreed to paint the house when it should be ready. Further than this, we have the words of Elder Scoles himself; He says:Š " volunteered to do the painting as my share of the work, in addition to my subscription. I worked away at the church at odd times, sometimes half a day and sometimes more, as I could spare the time. The last Sunday in April, 1885, in order to finish the work so I could be free to go out for the summer's labor with the tent, and expecting to go the next day twenty miles, I went over to the church, and finished up a small strip of painting on the south side of the house, clear out of sight of all public roads; and here I quietly worked away for  perhaps two hours, in which time I finished it, and then went home. It was for this offense that I was indicted.' "At the fall term of the Circuit Court held at Fayetteville, Mr. J. A. Armstrong, of Springdale, was summoned before the Grand Jury. He was asked if he knew of any violations of the Sunday.  law. He said he did. "Grand JuryŠ' Who are they?' "ArmstrongŠ' The 'Frisco Railroad is running trains every Sunday.' "G. J.Š' Do you know of any others.' Yes; the hotels of this place are open, and do a full run of business on Sunday, as on other days.' " G. Do you know of any others?" "A.Š' Yes, sir; the drug stores and barber shops all keep open, and do business every Sunday.' " G. .1.Š' Do you know of any others?' "A.Š' Yes; the livery stables do more business on Sunday than on any other day of the week.' "After several repetitions of this same form of questions and answers, in much the same manner, in relation to other lines of business, this question was reachedŠ " G. Do you know of any Seventh-day Ad- ventists who work on Sunday?' Yes, sir. "After getting from the witness the names of his brethren, indictments were found against five per-sons, all of whom were Seventh-day Adventists. Elder Scoles was one of the five." From the above it will be seen that special pains was taken to indict none but those who had conscientiously observed the seventh day. A more marked instance of deliberate persecution could not be imagined. Mr. Scoles was convicted, and an appeal was taken to the Supreme Court, where the decision of the lower court was sustained. SECOND CASE. Mr. Meeks had been a resident of Arkansas since 1856, with the exception of one year. He had held the office of justice of the peace for a num-ber of years both before and after the war. When he became a Seventh-day Adventist he refused to hold the office longer, because its duties con-flicted with his observance of the Sabbath. "Mr. Meeks was indicted at the July term of the Circuit Court, 1885, for Sabbath breaking. He was arrested in November, 1885, and held under bonds of $500 for his appearance in Jan-uary. The offense for which he was indicted was planting potatoes on SundayŠthe third Sun-day in March, 1885. The work was done near Mr. Meeks's own house, and not nearer than two and a half miles to any public road or any place of public worship. "On the day referred to, Mr. La Fever and his wife went to visit Mr. Meeks at' his home, and found Mr. Meeks ,planting potatoes. Mr. Meeks Ł quit his work, and spent the rest of the day visiting with Mr. La Fever. La Fever afterward reported Mr. Meeks to the Grand Jury; and as the conse-quence, Mr. Meeks was indicted, as stated. The fourth Monday in January, Meeks appeared before Judge Herne. His case was laid over to await the decision of the Supreme Court in the Scoles case. FIFTH CASE. " James M. Pool, a Seventh-day Adventist, was indicted for Sabbath breaking, at the fall term of the'Circuit Court held at Fayetteville, begin-ning the first Monday in Septeinber, 1885., He waived his right to jury trial. The only witness in theme  case was J. W. Cooper. Cooper was a member of the Presbyterian Church, and professed sanctification. He went to Pool'i 