336 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Special Summer School at the Sanitarium. THE Medical Missionary Board has arranged for a upecial summer school.of ten weeks, beginning July 1 to 15. This school is especially designed to meet the wants 'of those who need instruction in healthful cookery, hy-gienic dress, physical culture, simple methods of treat-ment, Bible hygiene, and personal evangelistic work as a preparation for missionary labor. It is especially de' signed for ministers' wives, Bible readers, missionaries who are going into foreign fields, teachers of denomina-tional schools, missionary teachers who explct to engage in work in the South, and ministers and all others engaged in church work. The course will include a rapid survey of the whole subject of hygienic reform and the discussion of its bear-ings upon the present period of the world's history and our present work. Christian Help work, personal work, cottage meetings, health talks, missionary cooking-schools, the organization of dress and physical culture clubs, health Bible readings, the relation :of health prin-ciples to the gospel, rescue work, and many other sub-jects directly and indirectly connected with Medical Mis-sionary work and Christian philanthropy will be consid-ered. The purpose is to prepare men and women who have ability for public labor in various capacities prop-erly to represent the health and philanthropic branches of our work. The Medical Missionary and Benevolent Association hope to be able to send thirty or forty missionary teach-ers into different parts of the Southern field next autumn, and one purpose of this special course is to prepare les-sons for this special field. Mrs. Steele will give a series of talks in relation to the needs and opportunities of the South and the best methods of work. Professor Suther-land and others connected with the Battle Creek College will give a series of studies on the subject of " True Edu-cation." Mrs. S. M. I. Henry, who has had long experi-ence as an evangelist and rescue worker, and who for several years has had chavge of the training-school for evangelists under the direction of the National Woman's Christian TemperanceUnion, will give a course of instruc-tion. in "How to Reach the Unconverted." Mrs. E. E. Kellogg will give a special course in the principles of sci-entific cookery; Dr. Paulson, Dr. Winegar, Mrs.ŠDŠr. Kress, Mrs. Dr. Paulson, and others connected with the.  Sanitarium, will give instruction in special lines. There are already numerous applicants for this course, and it is believed that a large number will avail them-selves of this favorable opportunity for peparation to aid in lifting the world's weight of woe and misery and ignorance. Those desiring to do so, will be given an op-portunity to board at the Sanitarium and pay their way in work. No charge will be made for instruction. Those who wish can board themselves. Several classes will be held daily, and those who can pay their board will find it advantageous to do so, that more time may be devoted study. Practical arrangements will be made for table board at $1.50 'per week; rooms, fifty to seventy-five cents a week, 'We ought to have at least two hunrded in this class. The time lias come for a long stride forward along these lines. All interested should address the un-dersigned. J. H. KELLOGG, M. D., Battle Creek, Mich. The  TWO REPUBLICS. By ALONZO T. JONES. A COMPARATIVE HISTORY OF THE TWO GREATEST REPUBLICS, Rome AND THE United States The study of years and elaboration of many volumes, are presented in a concise and pleasing manner. In reviewing  the history of the Roman Re-public, the rocks upon which she stranded have been clearly pointed out. It contrasts the principles underlying  enforced religious observances, with the true principles of RELIGIOUS FREEDOM FOR EVERY flAN, which are guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States. The "Two Republics" comprises 896 octavo pages, and is printed from clear, new electrotypes, on fine, tinted paper, beautifully and substantially bound, and is illustrated with 67 full-page engravings. The work is furnished in the following  styles of binding:Š Thin paper edition, plain edges $1.85 Cloth', marbled edges, " Gilt edges, - - - 2.50 - 3.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. Grand Trunk Railway System IS THE MOST POPULAR ROUTE TO THE WEST, Combining Every Comfort and Luxury. Solid Vestibuled Pullman Dining and Sleeping Car Trains Through from New York to Chicago without change Choice of route from NEW YORK to NIAGARA FALLS, SUSPENSION BRIDGE, TORONTO, DETROIT, PORT HURON, CHICAGO, and the West, Northwest, and Southwest, via The Celebrated ST. CLAIR TUNNEL, Which connects Canada and the United States, and is the greatest sub-marine tunnel in the world. The Grand Trunk Railway System is justly celebrated for its Fishing and Hunting Resorts, as on and contiguous to it are the greatest grounds of the civilized  world, among them being the MUSKOKA LEK-ST. LAWRENCE RWER, THOUSAND ISLANDS, LAKE ST. JOHN REGION, WHITE MOUNTAINS, ANDROSCOGGIN, and many others too numerous to mention. CHAS. M. HAYS, GEO. B. REEVE, W. E. DAVIS, Gen. Manager. Gen. Traffic Manager. Gen. Pass. ct Tkt. Agt. MONTRICA.14, P. Q. FRANK P. DWYER, Eastern Passenger Agent, 273 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY. A NEW TRACT CATALOGUE. " Descriptive Catalogue of the Bible Students', Apples of Gold, and Religious Liberty Libraries " is the title of this 36 page catalogue. It gives a pithy description of each tract and pamphlet in the above Libraries, together with their size and price. It will greatly assist the reader to select such numbers as he may desire to read and circulate;  and may be obtained FREE by addressing. the Pacific Press. Publishing Com-pany, Oakland, Cal.; 39 Bond St., New York City, N.Y.;  18 W. 5th St., Kan. eas City, Mo.; or Review and Herald, Battle Creek, Arch.;  Atlanta, Ga. Of Great Importance to Every American Citizen. 