THE _AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 53 keep it holy,' and there it stands, because God has declared it. Right shall prevail. The civil Sabbath shall be preserved. Let those in the Senate' and House, who are afraid, stand aside. Let those who stand for God and right and humanity stand, and God will give the victory. It is God's cause, and it must prevail." The next speech was by Mr. Dewey, of the Knights of Labor, who.declared that they "want two days,Šone for worship and one for rest " ; and (he did not say here but he has said it before) they want full pay for both days Šseven days' pay for five days' work. The next speaker was Rev. L. W. Bates, of. Georgetown, D. C. His speech was also entirely religious, based the Sunday on religious grounds, and demanded it for re-ligious reasons. He calls for the Sunday law because, "Thus saith the Lord. God has told us how to keep the Sabbath. It is as binding on us as it was, on Moses. I would deprecate the duty of attending the funeral of- one of the members of my church who had met his death while en-gaged in Sunday pleasure." The evening meeting was addressed by the Rev. F. D. Power, D.D., of Washing-ton; Rev. W. 'A. Bartlett, D.D. ; Hon. C. P, Wickham, M. C.: of Ohio; and Hon. Elijah A. Morse, M. C., of r1Vlassachusetts. Dr. Power argued strongly for the govern-mental enforcement of the. Christian Sab-bath, in return for the good the Church does, and the help it is to the State. He said, " God will not hold that man nor that nation guiltless which despises his grace." Dr. Bartlett urged the Sabbath as a Christian institution, and laws for its en-forcement, f` because it is the conservator good government." Mr. Wickham declared that "what day shall be observed has nothing a all to do with this question or this convention. We must keep within the civil bounds. This is a civil act. If we put this in human law, it must be on human ground. It comes within the police power. It has no rela-tion to the religious observance of a day." He then read from a decision written by Allen G. Thurman, when a member of the Supreme Court of Ohio, to the effect that Sunday laws do not rest on a religious basis; and which, to sustain its statements, cites decisions of Pennsylvania and South Carolina which do rest on a religious basis wholly. The last speech of the convention was by Mr. Morse, who traced the Puritan Sunday back through the Dark Ages to Constantine, and declared that it in com-mon with the commands "Thou shalt not kill," and "Thou shalt not steal," is "of di-vine origin." He declared that to reform the wicked city of Nineveh, Jonah preached to them to "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." And  to reform the city of Babylon, Daniel did the same thing. He then said, "Behold, I set before you this day a blessing and a curse : A blessing, if ye Obey the command-ments of the Lord your God, which I com-mand you this day; and a curse, if ye will not obey the commandments of the Lord your God. "When the street railroad compelled men to break the fourth commandment, they had next to invent bell-punches to keep them from breaking the eighth. Who knows but what if the car-wheels and lo-comotives had rested on the preceding Sunday that terrible accident would not have happened ?" "When, in my grand-father's day, in Midland, Massachusetts, they begun the Sabbath at sundown Satur-day night, the people could go to sleep without fear. Now we have to buy locks for our doors." And then in. a Puritan sing-song tone, he said, "I will stand in my place and vote for any 'law to prevent the desecration of the holy Sabbath. Day of all the week the best, Emblem of eternal rest.' If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honor-able; and shalt honor him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words: then shalt thou delight thyself in the. Lord; and I will cause thee to ride upon the high places df the earth, and feed thee with the heritage of Jacob thy father : for the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it. " A vote was then taken on instructing the officers of the convention to indorse the Breckinridge bill for the assembly. The noes were as loud and about as nu-merous as were the ayes; but the chair-man got clear of that by coolly deciding that those who voted against it were not members of the convention; and therefore their report in the paper was that the bill "was indorsed unanimously by a rising vote." Thus was conducted and thus was closed the convention held in the interests of "the American civil Sabbath." A. T. J. 0*  For Policy's Sake. THE Freethinkers profess to be decidedly opposed to Sunday laws everywhere. Yet the Truth Seeker reports from "a friend" in the Washington Legislature, the follow-ing words :Š A majority of both houses are really Freethinkers but many of them are also politicians, and would make no break that would hurt their politics; but yet I am in hopes, and encouraged to think that I can get through a Sunday law that will be quite liberal. I am convinced that the majority of the members would prefer none, but for policy's sake, we will have to have something. The politician takes precedence of the free thinker there. The Freethinkers are much like many other folk with whom they find so much fault. The Truth Seeker very properly remarks, that " comment on that state of things is almost superfluous." The American Secular Union needs to  hurry along with its one thousand-dollar prize, manual of "the purest principles of morality." It is much needed in the Washington Legislature right now. Was it "Orthodox?" AT Marshalltown, Iowa, there is a Sol-diers' Home for the veterans of the late war. The ministers of the different denominations in that town hold Sun-day services at the Home, in rotation. At least this has been so until lately; but it happens that there is a Universalist minister in that place, and the other min-isters, considering themselves to be "or-thodox," and recognizing one another as orthodox, not long since so revised the constitution of the Ministerial Association as to exclude the Universalist minister from membership, and then by a re-arrangement in which only themselves were included, and by which they occu-pied all the time, they excluded the Uni-versalist minister from preaching at the Soldiers' Home. 'In this transaction they had the consent of the commandant of the Home. As soon as theŁ veterans discovered this ' trick there was a vigorous protest. Al-though a majority sanctioned the arrange-ment of the orthodox ministers,Ł  a large minority were decidedly outspoken against it, and announced through the press, serv-ing notice also to the orthodox ministers, that they "would march en masse to town on Sunday to attend the services of the Universalist minister, taking care to file past all the other churches, just as the worshipers were gathering." This they declared they would do if the weather would permit. Unfortunately the follow-ing Sunday was so very rainy that it was impossible for them to carry out their pro-test against what they termed "evangel-ical dictation." Besides this, the State convention of Universalists at Waterloo, Iowa, took up the matter, and expressed their sentiments in the following preamble and resolu-tions WHEREAS, It has been published abroad that the Ministerial Association of the city of Marshalltown, Iowa, has, with the consent of the superintend-ent of the Soldiers' Home, located at that city, de-prived the Rev. T. W. Woodrow, a Universalist min-ister in good standing and a settled pastor in said city of Marshalltown, from preaching at said Sol-diers' Home at the usual hour of holding divine ser-vice there in regular rotation with the clergy of that city termed orthodox, thus practically excluding him from holding any religious services at said Sol-diers' Home; and WHEREAS, The veterans domiciled in said Sol-diers' Home have in large numbers requested the services of Mr. Woodrow at said Soldiers' Home at the usual hour and in regular order with the other clergymen, which request has been refused, there-fore be it Resolved, By the Executive Board of Universalist Convention of Iowa, in session at Waterloo, January 8, 1890, that we condemn the action of said super-intendent of the Soldiers' Home and the Ministerial Association of Marshalltown as subversive of re-ligious liberty, contrary to the spirit of the age, and 