180 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. The ChairmanŠ"Now, Brother Porter, what do you want done with this paper? Do you want this made a part of the records of this conven-tion?" Elder `PorterŠ"I would leave that to the pleasure of the convention." The ChairmanŠ"But I want to know your wish." Elder Porter Š"I would prefer to have it made a part of the records of the convention." A MemberŠ"Mr. President, I think it ought to be recognized as having been introduced and acted upon." The ChairmanŠ"If there are no objections, this isŠ" Mr. StephensŠ"I would like to inquire if it is customary to record the papers that are lost and tabled." The ChairmanŠ" We have not adopted any set rules for our government." B. F. RollerŠ" It don't signify that this is lost by simply tabling it; it can be taken from the table at any time of the convention. And it cannot be left out of the record of the proceed-ings without a vote of the convention." Mr. StephensŠ"My remark before was mis-understood by Mr. Boller. Is it customary to record any paper to show that such a paper was presented by such a- party, and tabled ; the pa-per, of course, kept on file?" The ChairmanŠ" Well, that was what I was getting at; and it is the decision of the chair that this paper, as it is written, shall be a part of the records of the convention, and that this paper was offered by Brother Porter, and was laid on the table." Rev. .1. A. MorrowŠ" I do not think it would be discourtesy to ask the privilege to return this paper to the parties. It is certainly known to them that this movement is directly, positively, and explicitly in opposition to the whole thing. And I would move you that we return it to the parties." The ChairmanŠ"And that the paper be not made a part of the record of the convention?" Mr.MorrowŠ"Yes, sir." Elder PorterŠ"I would like to ask this ques-tion. I do not know as I get the idea of the gentleman correctly, in making the motion to re-turn this paper. Does he mean to say that he is opposed to the expression of equality of rights and the principles of the Christian religion as set forth in this resolution? Is that the idea of the gentleman in making the motion?" Rev. T. H. Tatlow--"I think, Mr. Chairman, there is a confusion of ideas, and that there is a mistake on the part of Brother Porter in present-ing this. The Sabbath was made for man; so is civil government made for manŠ" W. D. GrayŠ"I rise to a point of order." The ChairmanŠ"I think I shall be able to maintain order in the convention." Mr. TatlowŠ"And the civil ruler is God's minister to man for good. The Sabbath has two sides, and these two sides are the religious side and the secular side. It is not an interference with the equality of rights." Mr. MorrowŠ" The one who made the motion to refer the resolution back to the author, replied to the question of Brother Porter as follows : 'As long as the resolution lies on the table it may be called up at any time.' And the thought has occurred to my mind that this would be the only safe course for the convention to pursue and not really be discourteous to anybody. That  motion, by the words of the parties, by the ob-ject and aim as they have, explicitly and most publicly and persistently made known in this convention, is directly opposed to the object of this movement. And I do not think that any-one can be imposed upon by it. I am in favor of free speeches in this convention all the way through, but I am not in favor of allowing this resolution to lie on the table, liable to be brought up at any time." The motion of Mr. Morrow was then seconded, and the chairman then said, " The motion is to return this paper to the author." The motion prevailed with almost a unanimous vote. That such an association would adopt that res-olution as section 1 of its constitution, could not have been expected ; but the utter rejection of it as being "directly, positively, and explicitly " op-posed to the work of the association, and the al-most unanimous refusal even to table it, lest it should be brought up at some other time, shows the un-American character of the whole move-ment. That such a body should aid in the con-struction of even an "American Sabbath " is sur-prising. ir  Ł The Influence of Romanism. THE title of a recent article by Rev. Make-piece Trueworthy, D. D., of Washington; D. C., published in the Occident of May 29, is, "Rome on the Tiber and Washington on the Potomac," in which lie gives some alarming facts relative to the influence of Romanism in this country, and especially in the capital city. He says:Š " Within twenty-four hours after the confirmation of President Harrison's cabinet a cablegram was made public to the effect that the Pope was satisfied with the Cabinet, and that information had been given the Vatican that under Harrison's administration the re-lations between the United States and the Holy See would be of the most cordial character." Then, commenting on this fact, Mr. Trueworthy further says:Š " We fail to see what a.change of the national ad-ministration in America has to do with any opinion, favorable or otherwise, with the Pope, except it be that that functionary, true to his canon law, considers the Catholic Church a political organization." We also fail to see what difference it ought to make. W9 believe it always has been true that the Church of Rome has been granted absolute liberty in this country; this is admitted by Ro-manists themselves, and was so stated by Cardinal Gibbons when in Rome only a year or two since; and that certainly is all that the Catholic Church, or any other church, has a right to ask of this or any other administration. Why the Pope should be assured so promptly that the present adminis-tration would be friendly to Rome, is more than we can conceive. Has there ever been an ad-ministration in this country unfriendly to the Church of Rome? And why should such an assurance be given to Rome more than to any other church? We certainly think that any administration giving such a pledge is guilty -of a great mistake. No church should be recognized by this Gov- ernment as such. It is enough that the Consti-tution and laws be administered as they now stand. Perhaps the giving of this guarantee was no worse, however, nor more at variance with the spirit of our institutions, than was the action of the last administration in sending a revenue cutter to meet the Papal dignitaries sent from Rome to invest Cardinal Gibbons with the insignia of his offico as prince of the Roman hierarchy. But  be this as it may, they both show a dangerous drift in this Government. We do not imagine, however, that either President Cleveland or Pres-ident Harrison personally feels so exceedingly friendly toward Rome. Their courtesy is due rather to the force of circumstances. Perhaps our meaning will be better understood by the following fact, as set forth in the article above referred to The Boston Committee of One Hundred sent three careful men to this city upon an important mission. With bated breath they reported a discovery. That reported discovery has been discovered to be true. They reported that in this city no item of news rela-tive to Catholic interests is put onto the wire by the associated press without first being submitted to a Roman Catholic official for inspection." This is certainly significant, and when we come to consider the fact that what is true of Wash-ington in this respect is probably true of most other cities in the land, in fact, of the whole busi-ness of the associated press, we can easily see that no administration can afford, from a political standpoint, to antagonize the Church of Rome, or even to be indifferent to the powerful influence which it exerts in American politics. There can scarcely be a doubt that it was the Catholic vote which defeated Mr. Blaine four years ago last fall, and it is probably true that no man could be elected President who should in any way antago-nize the interests of the Roman Catholic Church. Mr. Trueworthy says that he thinks "there are symptoms of a change which will be a com-pliment to the manly independence of our offi-cials." But certainly the facts which he states do not give any good ground for much hope in that direction. Continuing, he says :Š "In the recent past there were thousands of de-partment clerks who understood that their retention in office depended upon a Catholic tithing system. They know that priestly pressure could remove them at any time. In one of the departments there always appeared, upon the first and fifteenth of each month, the female agents of the Roman hierarchy to collect money from the clerks. They went from room to room, but a few brave men denounced this, and now they may be found at the outer door, and hundreds who are not Catholics find it to their interest to feed the spacious man of Rome. A lady department clerk told me a year ago the history of her political service, during which service she had monthly paid the Cath-olic Church a tax upon her privilege to work for the Government, and when she offended a priest she lost her position. Some who refuse to contribute monthly to that church, at the doors of Government buildings, find their names sent to the heads of departments, and that means dismissal. From my west window, which opens towards the Potomac, my eye falls upon the flag which waves from the top of one of the lead-ing Government bureaus. It is well established that clerks go and come at that bureau at the bidding of a priest. "During the first weeks of the present administra-tion a priest attached to one of the leading Catholic Churches of the city hung day after day about the White House, for the purpose of personally soliciting an appointment, which was clearly seen to have been in the interest of a Catholic political measure. " All of the hospitals, except one, in the District of Columbia, are under Catholic management. They were established by congressional action, and by the appropriation of the money of the people of the United States." Contemplating this influence, we are led to ask, If they, do such things in a green tree, what will they not do a dry ? And what may we not expect to see should the National Reform program be carried out, and the Constitution amended something after the fashion proposed by Senator Blair? Disguise the fact as we may, all Protestant churches combined have not as much political influence in the United States to-day as 