38$ Vol.,. 8, No. 40. foundation for such a revival. The reso-lutions of synods and conferences and the wisdom of creed makers will prove useless unless the masses are trained to a higher religious conception of the Sabbath as a divine and especially religious institution. It would not be far from the entire truth to say that one of the first steps toward reform is the creating of a conscience on the, Sabbath issues. All this has come because men have discarded the Sabbath, and they know that Sunday has no basis in the Bible; hence they dare not meet the issue on bib-lical and religious ground.ŠEvangel and Sabbath Outlook. Ł  Liberty a Gift of God. LIBERTY is something that every man loves. It is one of the many blessings the Creator has bestowed upon the human family; in fact, one of the chiefest bless-ings. What will make a man happier than to have his liberty,Što be free to go where he pleases, and to do as he pleases ? It is just as natural for man to look for, and expect, freedom as it is for him to breathe,Šthis is the reason men have fought to the death in the past, and will do so until the consummation of all things rather than lose that most precious of all gifts. Liberty is dearer to man than even life itself. He will lay, and even has laid down, his life to bring liberty to his fel-lows. It is natural for him to do so, for God has made him so. How miserable is the slave, who cannot do as he pleases, or go where he pleases; who is continually watched by those who lord it over him, and compel him to do as they order, or be punished! When free-dom is gone, happiness is gone, too. Life is to that man as an empty dream. It is contrary to his nature to be a slave. God did not snake him a bondman. He, in his mercy, knew that man would be a wretched creature without freedom, and so he made him a free moral agent, that is, a being that could either obey him or not obey him just as he chose. When man is living in sin, he is a captive, yet he has that liberty which God gave him in the begin-ning,Šliberty to serve Him or to serve self. With this freedom there is happi-ness, no matter if that man may be in ever so wretched a conditionŠand every man outside of Christ is in a wretched conditionŠyet there is a certain degree of happiness that he would not have if he were bound even by his Creator. But the child of God is the happiest of all his creatures. He is the one who is free, for Christ says : " Whom the Son makes free is free indeed." He is freed from sin, therefore he is happy, for he looks forward to an eternal life of happi-ness and bliss beyond this. God has joined freedom to him, and who is it that dares to put asunder that which God has joined ? To whom has he given the right to take away that liberty which he has so graciously bestowed upon man ? We often hear it said that man was not made to live alone; he loves company, and neither was he made to live without liberty, for he loves that as much and more than he does society. Everything that man enjoys is a gift from God. Thus life is a gift from him, social joys are a gift from him, and liberty is a gift from him. Then, if liberty is a gift from God, he certainly does not wish to force any of his creatures to serve him. The seavice  he requires is a service of love. Man serves his Creator because of the multi-tude of his tender mercies; because of his love to him. Love draws; therefore, God, by the cords of love, draws man to him-self; he does not force him. But certain men, by their actions, say that God's way is not the right way; they have a better way to bring sinners to Christ; God's way is too slow for them. Sinners are rebellious, and will not of themselves come to God; therefore, the next best thing, to their mind, is to force men to come, and by this means to bring them in by the wholesale instead of one by one. To make God's people a large flock, instead of a " little flock." And all this is done in opposition to the will of God, just the opposite way to his way. His command to his ministers is, " Go ye therefore, and teach all nations; " not force all nations. No, no. That is not his way. His way is a loving way; any other way is just the contrary. The time is coming, yes, is near, when the Lord will inquire of those who use force to bring sinners to him, " Who hath required this at your hands ?" What will they answer ? Until that time the true follower of God must not look for peace; he must not think he can get to heaven without a struggle, for prophecy must be fulfilled. The. " little flock " will be going God's way, and therefore will not be going the way that suits the enemy, for his way is just the contrary to God's way. The child of God must expect persecution even as Christ, his Lord, was persecuted. He will not find peace, for the Saviour came' not to bring peace, but a sword. " Sup-pose ye that I am come to give peace on earth ? I tell you, Nay; but rather divi-sion : for from henceforth there shall be five in one house divided, three against two, and two against three. The father shall be divided against the son, and the son against the father; the mother against the daughter, and the daughter against the mother ; the mother-in-law against her daughter-in-law, and the daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law." And so it is that whenever a little company steps out to serve God in God's way, it brings division, and others step in and say, you shall not serve God in that way, but our way; and so force is used, the only power at their hands. Have they a right to do this ? They certainly have not, for where God himself repudiates that right, how much more should they. God made man free. Let him forever stay free, and so continue in happiness. ALFRED MALLETT. Ł  Ł  The Crime and the Punishment. [This article is from the editorial page of the Gainesville Eagle, of Gainesville, Ga., and refers to the arrest of Elder McCutchen and Professor Keck, the two Seventh-day Adventists, lately arrested there for Sunday work.] ON Monday the pastor of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, of this city, and a teacher of a school in the church were fined each $50 and costs for the offense of disorderly conduct, which consisted in working on Sunday with saw and ham-mer in the new church building. They were also bound over to the city court for Sabbath-breaking, which is a State offense. A fine of $50 and costs for disorderly conduct, in which life, limb, or property were not endangered, and in which the doer was in pursuit of a useful occupation with an honest conviction that he was  committing no sin, seems to be cutting the pants too big for the crime. A few days ago several persons, male and female, were up before the mayor's court for raising the tallest kind of Cain at a house of the illest kind of fame. It was proved that they indulged in fighting, crying, cursing, and the firing of pistols. One neighbor testified that he was exceed-ingly disturbed ; that he had gone to bed and that his pillow was turned into a, pil-low of thorns while the carousal lasted. These persons were fined $5 and costs each, which seemed to satisfy the ends of justice. The fact is these Adventist gentlemen were not guilty of disorderly conduct. . . . The fact of its being Sunday is not an element in creating a case of dis-orderly conduct. The act itself must be disorderly. The use of saw and hammer is not a source of disturbance on Monday, and when their use becomes so on Sunday it is Sabbath breaking. The public peace cannot be disturbed on Sunday by a thing that would not disturb it on Monday. A man's religious sensibilities might be shocked, but that is not the public peace. The thing which the sound of a saw and hammer on Sunday would be likely to disturb would be a man's heavenly medi-tations Ł but the city has no statute against that. When our city laws were enacted, men with heavenly meditations were so scarce that it was not thought worth while to go to the expense of protecting them. We are opposed to all forms of Sababtb breaking. We believe in keeping the commandment to the very letter. But who does it ? Is it any worse to break the Sabbath by conforming to a conscientious religious conviction, than it is to break it through a laxity of morals ? Is it any worse for the Adventist to saw lumber on Sunday, than to run street cars with horses that have worked all week ? Our livery stables stand open Sunday and do business. What for ? To enable persons to go quickly on errands of mercy ? Oh, noŠit is to hire horses to persons in pur-suit of business or pleasure, in which the dumb brutes are robbed of their God-given right to rest. It is commanded of God that our horses shall rest on the Sabbath. It is their right, and we cannot take that right away from them without breaking the Sabbath, except in cases of absolute necessity. The man who, on Sunday morning, hitches up his horses that have worked hard all week and drives his family out on a jaunt to see his mother-in-law, or his aunt, or to a camp meeting, commits a worse sin in the sight of God than he who takes his hoe and works in the field, for he not only breaks the Sabbath himself but compels the unwilling animals to do likewise and robs them of their rights given them by their Creator. Let us suppose a case. A good old gentleman emerges from his home on a beautiful Sunday morn, dressed in fault-less linen and his best Sunday suit. Hymn-book in hand, he starts toward the church, his mind absorbed in the contemplation of things divine. He passes the drug store and a crowd of gilded youths smoking cigars which the druggist has just sold. Then further on he has to stop and wait at the crossing for the dust to subside, for many carriages and buggies are passing, going hither and thither on pleasure bent. Then he sees the street cars pass with jingling bells and horses straining their muscles under the heavy load. His atten- 