Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas .7eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, JANUARY 29, 1891. NUMBER 5. The American Sentinel. PUBLiSFIED WEEKLY, BY THE .P.410:1FTV PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. IN Our individual character we all enter-tain Opinions, and pursue a corresponding practice, upon the subject of religion: However diversified these may be, we all hantionize as citizens while each is willing that the other shall enjoy the- same liberty which he claims for himself.--:Col. Richard M. Johnson. IT is stated that "the Imperial Tribunal of Leipsic has decided that henceforth a refusal to rise and participate in a toast to the health of the Kaiser shall constitute high- treason." This is about on a par with some of the measures proposed in this country. It really seems that the sun of liberty has passed the zenith and is gradually sinking toward its setting. Ł " WE are reminded," says a California paper, " of a time-honored custom by reading that each branch of our Legisla-ture has appointed a chaplain, and that the chaplains have prayed that the deliber-ations of their' respective bodies shall be directed by the Lord. Two years ago the same prayer was sent up; but did not seem to be in the least effective. One, Christopher Buckley, had more to do with directing legislation than any body else, and :there is no doubt as to his identity. If better results do not follow this -year, they had better try something else." Prayer would undoubtedly be a good thing. for members of the Legislature, as well as for everybody else,, if each one -would only pray for himself secretly that  the Lord might help him to be an honest man, and then co-operate with the Lord in the answer to his own prayers by being honest. But we fear that the perfunctory prayers of the average chaplain never rise higher than the mouth of the one who is paid for uttering them. As Shakespeare says :Š " Their words Hy up, their thoughts remain below : Words without thoughts never to Heaven can go." Their Real Object. THE leaders in the Sunday-law move-ment have been engaged for some' time past in explaining that what they want is not to enforce the religious observance of the first day, but simply to secure rest for working people. It is rather unfortunate for them, however, that their present testimony does not agree with that which they have given in the past. This will be understood by a few points from the re-port of the meeting of the Kings County (New York) Sabbath Association, held May 19, 1889, published in the Mail and Express of May 24. After the devotional services, Mr. A. A. Robbins, the President, delivered an address, reporting some of the practical workings of the society since its organiza-tion. The first important item noticed was the efforts of the society to secure the closing of candy stores on Sunday. Concerning this, the President said that the Legislature had so amended the penal code as to allow drug, cigar, and candy stores to do busi-ness on the Sunday. He continued : " It was thought in this Association that it was very important that the law should be re-amended so that the candy stores might be closed, realizing that perhaps above all other ways in which the Sabbath might be violated that was the worst, for the reason that it teaches our children to grow up with the impression that candy selling is right on the Sabbath. Of course as they grow older it will be difficult for them to distinguish the reason why candy stores should be open and others should not." This shows conclusively that the  motive of the Kings County Sabbath As-sociation is not to secure a day of rest for the, working people, but simply to secure the religious observance of Sunday, or perhaps more properly speaking, to secure the general observance of Sunday because they regard it as sacred. And this Asso-ciation, while not an auxiliary of the American Sabbath Union, is hand-in-glove with it in its demand for Sunday laws. Another item discussed by the President of the Kings County Association was the delivery of ice-Cream on Sunday after 10 o'clock A. M. He said that restricting the delivery to the morning hours was one of the matters which the society had had in hand for some time, and he believed that it was very important. Just why this was so important from a religious standpoint is not as easy to see as in the case of the candy stores. For it is difficult for the uninitiated to understand why the hours of Sunday from 10 o'clock forward are any more sacred than the early hours of the same day. However, the report by the Secretary, which followed that of the President, will aid us somewhat in under-standing just why this is. Said the Secre-tary :Š The delivery of ice-cream after 10 o'clock Sunday morning has proven a great annoyance to many sections of the city, and has disturbed public wor-ship in many of our churches. This of course requires some further ex-planation. How the delivery of ice-cream could disturb public worship in churches may not be readily understood; ice-cream wagons would certainly have to be pretty thick on the streets for the noise to seri-ously disturb public worship; but the Secretary also made this clear. Ho said :Š We regret to state that many church people abso-lutely ignore their duty in these premises by re-quiring ice-cream to be delivered to them for their Sunday dinner. This explains it. The unavoidable con-clusion is that the delivery of ice-cream disturbs public worship in the churches because church members cannot be pre-vailed upon to live consistently with their 