248 AMERICA SEN TINEL. "IF the czar's plan for disarmament should be adopted," says, a Chicago paper, "how could the natives of the sea islands be fitted for self government?" A per-tinent inquiry. * * * A CABLE dispatch from Rome to the Chicago Record, under date of April 4, gives what purports to be the reason why the pope was not asked to be represented at the czar's peace congress. The Russian minister to the Vatican, it states, "to day expressed to Cardinal Secre-tary Rampolla the czar's regret that he found himself unable to invite the pope to be represented in the peace conference at the Hague, in consequence of his holiness not possessing an army." As a matter of fact the pope does possess an army, though it is so small as to be no factor in the problem of European disarmament. But that is no fault of the pope; he would like to have an army equal to the best in Europe. * Tuts is an age of delusions and strange doctrines, and fortunate is the individual who does not fall in some way under the influence of these things. No person need consider himself safe in this respect. They fasten alike upon the individual in public life, and upon the humblest dweller in obscurity. From the evil passions of men have developed abnormal conditions in society, and out of these have grown perplexing problems, social and po-litical, in the attempted solution of which men's minds have been forced out of the channels of sober, sensible thought. Remedies are proposed which can only inten-sify the evils sought to be cured, and the very evils them-selves are mistaken for omens of good. The light that is in men is being turned to darkness, and the world is filled with theorists and speculators who are ever wan-dering further from the truth. * * FOR example, consider the following which is put forth in the name of education, by the president of a col-lege of national reputation. According to the Chicago Times-Herald, of April 4, a "school of psychology," is being conducted in that city as part of the Chicago Kin-dergarten College course, at the opening of which an ad-dress was delivered by president Hall, of Clark Univer-sity, Worcester, Mass. In the Times-Herald's report appears the following:Š "Dr. Hall said any child that did not suffer pain be-came sour and selfish. He thought blood-curdling sto-ries were good for children. He told of a little girl who - thought the story of 'Jack the Giant Killer' wading in blood was 'the beautifullest story' she had ever heard. He thought it was a good thing for boys to fight, as itŁ developed their physical and moral courage. Punish-ment, he thought, was necessary, and a good scolding vocabulary was desirable. Teasing and bullying were commendable, but should be moderated by parents. It was a great mistake for a child to grow up too tender-hearted. Some children were so negative and inanimate that the badness in them needed to be stimulated." ANOTHER college authority, Professor Herron, of Iowa, in a recent lecture in Chicago, under the auspices of the Christian Citizenship League, said, speaking of the growing discontent in society:Š "This discontent, which grows more universal in its demand; this discontent, which cannot be hushed; . . . this discontent, which God grant may increase until it has sway in a reconstructed and liberated world; this discontent is what the ages have waited for; it is what the great heart of the Father has"waited for; it is the direct outcome of the ideals .planted in the world by Jesus, by Plato, by 'Buddha, by the Hebrew prophets, by all the men who have come into this world with ideas for liberation of the human soul." * THE more children there are raised according to the principles advocated by president Hall, the more will the world be filled with restless and discontented people. The more the fighting and hating instincts, and the sel-fish propensities in general, are trained in the children,. the more people will there be who are ready to oppress their fellowmen, and the more readily will the oppressed resist their oppressors in the same selfish spirit. The discontent which is viewed as a hopeful sign, will not,. when "it has sway," result in a "reconstructed and lib-erated world;" for it is but the discontent of one class in society against another, and represents but a contest for supremacy between them; and there is nothing gained for peace and prosperity by a change in the ascendency from one class to the other. It is selfishness that leads men to oppress their fellows; it is selfishness that prompts the formation of the Trusts and other com-bines by which capital is bringing distress upon the ranks of labor; and in the methods employed by the latter to combat their oppressors, selfishness is no less aŁ controlling motive. There is the same tyranny on both sides, the same hatred, the same selfish passions, because the representatives of both sides are essentially the same in character. The difference between them is only a dif-ference of circumstances. But there must be a difference in character, not in circumstances merely, before peace and prosperity can spring up from scenes of discontent and strife. Revolutions in society do not always bring the results anticipated. The French Revolution ended 