68 AMERICAN SENTINEL. '-States Government and turn it into a new 'kingdom of God,' a new theocracy, in which the civil power shall be but the tool of the religious, in which the Government shall no longer derive its just powers from the consent of the governed; but shall be absorbed in the unjust and oppressive power of a despotic hierarchy, acting as the `representative of God,' asserting and executing its arbitrary and irresponsible will as the expression of the law and will of God." And so it is swiftly coming to pass. A. T. J. The Pope, the Archbishop, and the United States. LATE dispatches from Manila indicate that there was truth in the report recently circulated that the Catholic friars would be maintained in office in the Philippines under American authority. At a reception given by Filipino priests to Archbishop Chapelle, which was attended by the most prominent citizens of Manila, these dispatches state, the "woman principal of the municipal school," who was "one of the guests," "started to 'read a petition praying for the withdrawal of the friars from the islands," when "Archbishop Chapelle stopped her, saying that question would be regulated by the pope, Gen. Otis, and himself." Previously, according to report, both the archbishop and Gen. Otis assured the Filipinos that the friars would not be forced upon them against their wish; but now the archbishop's declaration is that the question will be settled according to the wishes of the pope, Gen. Otis, and himself. The statement was received with an angry demons-tration by the Filipino audience, and cries of "no friars in any capacity." It is clear enough that if the question of subjecting the people to the friars is to be settled by the pope, the archbishop and the American general, it will be settled by the pope and the archbishop; for against these two it is wholly improbable that the American commander, whose business is with military rather than with relig-ious affairs, would offer any serious opposition. All that is wanted of Gen. Otis in this matter is to furnish the military authority and force necessary to carry the decree of the pope and the archbishop into effect. And what business, it may well be asked, has the American commander in ManilaŠthe representative of the United StatesŠto act in conjunction with the pope and the archbishop in a question of government in the Philippines? Has the United States gone into a govern-mental partnership with the papacy in this new ter-ritory? What business has a military official with religious affairs? and what business have religious officials with civil or military affairs? Whether then the question which is to be regulated by the pope, the  general, and the archbishop be a civil or a religious question, what business have these three officersŠtwo religious and one militaryŠto act together in deciding it? How can the American Government do this without playing into the hands of the papacy? The Filipino people do not want the friars; that is plain. But if they are to have civilandreligiousfreedom, as has been so loudly promised from this side of the Pacific, what have they to fear in the matter? How can the friars be imposed on them against their will, if they are to be religiously and civilly free, as are the people in America? And if they are to be thus free, who but themselves will decide whether they are to have the friars over them or not? And if the people are to be free in the matterŠif they are to decide the question themselves for themselves, as would be done in America Šhow happens it that the question is to be decided by the pope, the archbishop, and Gen. Otis alone? Evident-ly, if these reports are true, there is neither civil nor religious freedom for the Filipinos under American rule. - Sunday Laws Infringe Religious Liberty, and Foster the Holidayism they Seek to Prevent. From the "Sabbath Recorder," Plainfield, N. J. (Seventh-day Baptist). THOSE who keep the Sabbath have reason to know the effects of Sunday legislation. Sunday laws, in America, have been oppressive toward Seventh-day Baptists for the last two hundred and twenty-five years. In the Colonial period there were but two places where Seventh-day Baptists could find any recognition of their rights as Sabbath-keepers: the Colony of Roger Will-iams and the Colony of William Penn. Hence, the first Seventh-day Baptist Church in America was organized at Newport, R. I., in 1671 A. D. The exemptions in favor of Sabbath-keepers, which have been embodied in some of the States since the Colonial period, are not a just recognition of religious freedom, and they have not been an efficient guard against wrongs done to Seventh-day Baptists at many times and in many ways. We know, also, that the Sunday laws intimidate people from following their conscientious convictions, and em-bracing the Sabbath. These exemptions are not only insufficient to meet the demands of liberty of conscience, but they are illog-ical and inconsistent. They are based upon a false principle which compels the civil courts to condemn men, or acquit them, on directly religious issues. Thus an actual union of church and state takes place in every trial under these exemptions. Put into simple English these exemptions say: "If a man is conscientiously and consistently religious in his thoughts and actions on the Sabbath, he may disregard the Sunday law, within certain prescribed limits." This is "class legislation" of the most direct type, and founded on a religious test. 