AMERICAN SENTINEL. 213 And back of these to push, and lash, and drive, Linked close with Satan in his work of ill, Are bands of demons that by ruin thrive, Who yearn to curse, and devastate, and kill, Who vex all souls that live. These are the forces that await the day When angel hands that hold, shall be withdrawn; When Hatred's hosts shall hasten to the fray, And Earth's illusions, like a dream, be gone. These, each 'gainst each, shall sway. But o'er their swirl and trouble shall resound A victor paean, resonant and strong. A choral harmony from the heavens around, As o'er the bursted graves a happy throng Spring from Earth's trembling ground. The King of kings, the Lord of earth and heaven Shall then begin His ever glorious reign. From His dear children ne'er shall joy be riven; No foe, no terror, shall affright again. Far off all blight is driven. Healdsburg, Cal. Union of Church and State Condemned by the Old Testament. BY B. W. NOEL, M.A.*  [THE following, while it was written with particular reference to the Anglican union of church and state, ap-plies with equal force to the union sought to be estab-lished in the United States, since the two cannot but be similar in all essential features.] THE UNION CONDEMNED BY THE MOSAIC LAW. Advocates of the union between church and state often appeal on its behalf to the law and practice of the Old Testament. By an express provision of the Mosaic code a tithe of the land's,produce was set apart for the maintenance of the priests and Levites. From which they argue thus:ŠIf the payment of tithes was then made obligatory by law, it may be made obligatory by law still; what was then morally right can not now be morally wrong; and therefore a national provision for the ministers of religion has the direct sanction of God. . . . This alleged Jewish precedent, instead of jus-tifying the English union between the church and state, most unequivocably condemns it. As the Mosaic law is expressly abrogated, its institu-tions were clearly judged by their divine author to be unfitted for the more spiritual and more universal re-ligion of Christ. And to imprision Christian doctrine within Jewish ordinances, would be to put new wine into old bottles, which was what our Lord declared he did not intend to do. If, therefore, there had been a union between the church and the state enacted by the Mosaic law, I should see in it no proof that such union was allowed by the law of Christ. But there was, in 'Ex-clergyman of the Church of England. fact, no such union between the priesthood and the gov-ernment; and, on the contrary, the enactments of the Jewish law were such as distinctly to condemn the union which now exists in this country. 1. In England, the ministers of the Establishment are maintained by taxes, imposed by the state, in the farm of rent-charges; and ecclesiaStical buildings are maintained by another tax, under the form of church-rates, these taxes being imposed not by the authority of God, but by the authority of the state. In Israel tithes were imposed, not by the authority of the state, but by the command of God, there being no royal tax whatever for the support of religion; and the temple and all the synagogues in the land were built and repaired by vol-untary contributions. 2. In England the state, in consequence of its main-tenance of the ministers and the buildings of the Estab-lishment, assumes a control over it, allows or forbids its synods, ratifies or rejects its canons, and passes what ecclesiastical laws it pleases for the regulation of the churches. In Israel the state could issue no ecclesi-astical enactment whatever. The prince was governed by the following law: "It shall be, when he sitteth upon the throne of his kingdom, that he shall write him a copy of this law in a book out of that which is before the priests and the Levites; and it shall be with him, and he shall read therein all the days of his life: that he may learn to fear the Lord his God, to keep all the words of this law and these statutes to do them." One of these statutes, to which he was bound to pay obedience, was as follows: "Ye shall not add unto the word which I command you, neither shall ye diminish aught from it, that ye may keep the commandments of the Lord your God as I command you." So that he was expressly for-bidden to introduce the slightest change, or to make the least addition to the precepts of the divine law. There is accordingly no trace of any ecclesiastical statute passed by any one of the Jewish kings. The chief magis-trate did not possess the right of exercising the least control over the creed, worship, or church discipline of the nation. He might make what civil and fiscal regu-lations he pleased, but must not in any respect interfere with the worship of God. In religion they were to obey God alone. The only apparent exception to this general fact, in reality, confirms it. For David, indeed, deter-mined the form of the temple which was to be built at Sion; but this he did as a prophet, not as a king, under the influence of divine inspiration, not by royal preroga-tive. No human authority had any right to interfere with the creed, worship, or discipline of the Jewish con-gregation; but in England the state has formed a large body of ecclesiastical laws, by which the churphes are governed. Each session adds some new enactment to-the portentous mass; and to a great extent church du-ties are regulated by the statute-book. 3. During the Mosaic economy God himself appointed the high priest, the priests, and the inferior ministers of 