168 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Independent reports that "the question of giv-ing Government aid to sectarian schools among Indians has, we hope, been finally settled by a compromise be-tween the House, which allowed nothing for that pur-pose, and the Senate, which gave about $116;000, or 20 per cent. of the allowance for the year 1895. In con-ference it was decided to give contract schools next year 15 per cent. of the 1895 allowance, with the warning, `this being the final appropriation for sectarian schools.'" Not final, however, if Cardinal Gibbons and the rest of the Roman hierarchy in America can prevent it. * * THE bills now before the Connecticut legislature re-lating to Sunday observance, represent an effort to modify a law which is thoroughly Puritanical. Under this law no trains can be run on Sundays between "church hours,"Šthat is, between 10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m. Outside this interdicted period trains carrying milk and other "perishable" freight may be run; but no passenger trains; and a penalty of $50 fine is provided for the accepting by a railroad company of any reduced-rate ticket on that day. The penalty for violation of the general Sunday law is a fine of $250. The "rural legislators," it has been remarked, "offer no opposition to the milk trains for the reason doubtless that in many cases it is their milk which those trains are carrying to market." The present Sunday law of Connecticut was enacted only twelve years ago,Šan evidence of the vitality of the seed of Puritanism. * * * A REGIMENT of negro "immunes," having recently been disbanded in one of the Southern army camps, were taken by train through Georgia, and on the way con-ducted themselves in the manner of rioters, discharging firearms at houses and people along the route, and creat-ing a general panic. While this conduct may have been largely due to the liberal use of whiskey with which the regiment had supplied itself, it still does not speak well for the discipline maintained in the camp and for the spirit which is bred by army life. IT will be said that this was but a manifestation of the spirit and character of the race which the regiment represented. Allowing this to be true, the occurrence  points to the policy of the assimilation of an inferior race by a superior one, as being contrary to sound wisdom. Such assimilation, however "benevolent" in intention, has never worked well. It has never worked well in the case of the negroes in this country, or in the case of the American Indians; nor will it work any better in the case of the Porto Ricans and the Filipinos. Negro slavery was the cause of the Civil War; and there has been a "race problem" in the South ever since the negro was emancipated,Ša problem which is apparently no nearer solution to-day than when it arose. * * ASSIMILATION of an inferior race by a superior one can be successful only within narrow limits. The thing to be assimilated, like a doubtful article of food, must be taken only in small quantities; otherwise it cannot be digested, and there arise symptoms of serious trouble-The government of the superior race is too complicated for the inferior people; they cannot be adjusted to it. This may be said of the negroes in the South. They have been the prey of the politicians. Their vote has been manipulated by their political masters, to serve the ends of the latter, against the interests of both negroes and the white people. The great trouble with politics in America to-day is that there are so many people in America who are the tools of the politicians, either be-cause they are too ignorant or too indifferent to good government to be anything else. They have not the mind to assert or the ability to maintain, their political independence. And certainly an inferior race cannot hope to hold its own with a superior race, in politics. THE nation has had serious dyspepsia from trying to assimilate the negroes and the Indians. What is to be-expected then when in addition to these it tries to digest-the eight or ten millions of Filipinos? ALL this does not prove that an inferior race is not entitled to self-government; it proves rather that self--government, and not assimilation, is the best thing both for themselves and for all parties. It may be said that a "barbarian" race is not fitted for self-government. Neither is it fitted for slavery, it may be replied. Such a race is as well fitted for self government as for any government. Self-government began with "barbarian' races. Despotism, on the other hand, is a natural pro-duct of the vices of civilization. The mission of the- higher races should be to teach the principles of self-gov-ernment to the less fortunate peoples of the earth, leav-ing them meanwhile to work out their own salvation. Only in this way is real salvation to be secured. * * * THE negroes of the South, if they had been left in the-land where Providence placed them, might, under the, 