274 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. dared she would not sign it. Gladstone replied, "Your majesty must sign it." " Must sign it!" exclaimed the queen, " Must sign it ! Do you know who I am ? I am the queen of England !" Gladstone calmly replied, " Yes, your majesty, but I am "the people of England." And she had to sign it. The people of England can command the queen of England. The power of the people of England is above that of the queen of England. She, as queen, is simply the representative of their power, They are not personal sovereigns in themselves who are referred to in the words, " The powers that be are ordained of God." It is the governmental power, of which the sovereign is the representa-tive, and that sovereign receives his power from the people. Outside of the theocracy of Israel there never has been a ruler who has justly ruled on earth, whose dignity was not derived from the people, either express, or permissive. It is not any particular sovereign whose power is ordained of God, nor any par-ticular form of government. It is the genius of government itself. The absence of government is anarchy. Anarchy is only governmental confusion. But the Scriptures say, "God is not the author of confusion." God is the God of order. 'He has ordained order, and he has put within man himself that idea of government, of self-protection, which is the first law of nature, which organizes itself into forms of , one kind or another, wherever men dwell on the face of the earth; and it is for men, themselves to say what shall be the form of government under which they shall dwell. One people has one form; another has another. This genius of civil order springs from. God; its exercise within its legitimate sphere is ordained of God, and the Declaration of Independence simply asserted the eternal truth of God when it said, " Governments derive their just powers, from the consent of the gov-erned." Whether it be exercised in one form of government or another, it mat-ters not. The governmental power and order thus ordained is of God. If the people choose to change their form of government, it is the same power still, and is to be respected still. The power is still ordained, of God in its legitimate exercise, in things pertaining to men and Y. their relation to their fellow-men; but no power, whether exercised through one form or another, is ordained 'of God in, things pertaining to God, nor has it any-, thing whatever to do with men's relations toward God. We have before shown that the Consti-tution of the United States is the only form of government that has ever been on earth that is in harmony with the prin-! ciple announced by Christ, demanding of. men only that which is Caesar's and refus-ing to enter in any way into the field of man's relationship to God. This Consti-',  tution sprung from the principles of the Declaration of Independence, and on this point simply asserts the truth of God. The American people do not appreciate to the one-hundredth part, the value of the Constitution under which they live. They do not honor in any fair degree the noble men who pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor, that these principles might be our heritage. All honor to those noble men. All integ-rity to the principles of the Declaration of Independence. All allegiance to the Con-stitution as it now is, under which we live, which gives to Caesar all his due, and leaves men to render to God all that they, instructed by the word of God, guided by their own conscience enlightened by the Spirit of God, may see that he requires of them. May the sweet face of Heaven-shine in infinite pity upon the poor de-luded souls who think they are doing God service in their efforts to subvert the Con-stitution, and men's liberties under it, by a religious amendment. And may Heav-en's twice blessed mercy be on and about the poor people who have respect for Jesus Christ and their right to worship God, when these people shall have accomplished their purpose. A. T. J. The Massachusetts Sunday Law. HERE, in New England, when the Ar-kansas persecutions, and the celebrated King case are referred to, it is often urged that these things are made possible in the United States, only by the ignorance, and consequent bigotry of the poorer classes in the South. They still fondly fancy that in enlightened New England, their Sunday laws, whatever their origin, would be en-forced, if at all, only by kind hearted phil-anthropists, and for the benefit of the over-weary and hard-pressed toilers. Such forget the fact that law, when once on the statute book, is open to enforcement by every citizen, the most ignorant and bigoted, as well as the most enlightened and philanthropic. The courts can make no distinctions. The judge and the jury may know that the motive of the com-plainant is one of petty spite, or narrow persecution, and that the complainant himself breaks the law he tries to enforce, and yet if the law has been broken, they must decide against the defendant. They can not even bring their judgment as to the justice or injustice of the law, into consideration at all, for this would be for the judiciary to exceed the proper limits of its authority, and take upon itself the;; functions of the Legislature. Already there have been some as genuine cases: of persecution here in Massachusetts, as, any recorded in Tennessee or Arkansits. Some six years ago, Mr. Albert Weare and a friend, both Seventh-day Advent-ists, having religiously observed the day previous, were quietly working in a barn. in the rear of their house, in the city of'  Worcester. On that same day, several hundred men, who had not observed the day previous, were noisily working on a street railroad in one of the principal streets of the city ; and. some two thousand of the citizens were out on a gala-day at a popular pleasure resort near by. None of these were disturbed, but an officer, in-duced to act as a spy, walked down that very street past the men who were working on the railroad, and watched and likened outside the barn, till sufficient evidence was secured; then arrested those men, and prosecuted them, compelling them to pay a fine. This in enlightened Massachusetts, shows that some of the people at least, are still true to the memory of their sires, who drove out the Baptists, and whipped the Quakers, and hung the witches. Another manifestation of this same spirit occured only a few days since. Mr. Stacy of Springfield, received the follow-ing letter, a police officer acting as carrier : Springfield, Mass., August 6, 1891. H. H. STACY, ESQ.ŠDear Sir: I am informed that the game of croquet is played on the Lord's day, by yourself and others, on your premises at Number 138 King Street. Your attention is re-spectfully called to the following extract from the public statutes, chapter ninety-eight, section two. " Whoever on the Lord's day . . . takes part in any sport, game, or play, or except as allowed or prohibited in the preceding sections, is present at any dancing or public diversion, show, game, or entertainment, shall be punished by fine not ex-ceeding fifty dollars for each offense." I presume that you consider yourself justified in playing games on the Lord's day by section thirteen of the same chapter, but if you will read it carefully you will see that while it permits persons who con-scientiously believe that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as a Sabbath, and who actually refrain from secular business on that day, to engage in such business on the Lord's day if they do not disturb other people thereby, it does not in-clude games, and sports, and therefore such games and sports are unlawful on that day. In calling your attention to the matter in this way I am actuated by a desire to secure compliance with the law for the future without the disagree. able features attending a prosecution in the courts, and also,to prevent future complaint from people living in your vicinity. Respectfully, F. G. SOUTHMAYD, City Marshal. Mr. Stacy is a Seventh-day Adventist. He had played croquet only twice on Sun-day. The people who complained of him were some good (?) Sunday keeping (?) neighbors, of his, who, at the time they saw him playing croquet, were themselves out with a party of friends, .having 'a merry pleasure ride on the sacred day. The conscience that can distinguish be-tween riding, out for pleasure on Sunday, and playing croquet for pleasure on Sun-day, and make one a sin and a crime, and the other perfectly innocent, must be gifted with Jesuitical powers of casuistry. It seems, however, from the decision of the City Marshal of Springfield, that not only the elastic consciences of the com-plainants, but -even the law of the State, makes such fine distinctions. The Sun-day law of Massachusetts exempts from 