THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 357 form and prosecute is liable to fine and deposition from office, and the Washing-ton Secular Union can put the machinery of law into motion. The statute was made for the use of the " Sabbath " fanatics, but it cuts both ways. Let everybody observe the law or none. The first man singled out by the Sunday people for prosecution is a member of the Secular Union, which promptly retained counsel to defend him. Is the Bible Sectarian? EX-PRESIDENT JOHN BASCOM, in a re-cent address before the Ł graduating law class of the Wisconsin University, took occasion to criticise the decision of the Supreme Court of that: State, which ex-cludes the Bible from the public schools. In the course of , his remarks, Dr. Bascom said:Š The Court excluded religious instruction in order to get rid of sectarian instruction. Under .a direct interpretation, the Bible is not a sectarian book. All'Ohristitin sects assign it distinctly a central po-sition. A division of the people, cut off: and separated from the rest of mankind by reason of the religious doctrines which they hold, constitutes a ,religions sea, and the doctrines of a sect, are sectarian. Anything, therefore, which is accepted by a part of the people, and not by the whole people, is sectarian in its, character. If , a religious doctrine was received with favor by every one in the world, of course there would be no one to oppose it, and such a doctrine would be non-sectarian. On the other hand, if there is any opposi-tion to a doctrine, that very fact shows that it is not acceptable to the whole peo-ple, but that it is indorsed by only a part of :the people, a sect, and is therefore sec-tarian. The fact that the Catholics of Wisconsin made complaint against the religious instruction which was formerly given in the public schools of that State, is all the evidence that is needed to show that such instruction waA sectarian, and was not acceptable to the whole people. And further, it is an undeniable fact t4hat no religious instruction could be given which would be indorsed by the whole people. And as surely as it was accepted by only -a part of, the people, a sect, so surely would it Ł be sectarian in its char-acter. Hence, the only way to exclude sectarian instruction, is to' exclude relig-ions instruction of every description. Dr. Bascom says of the' Bible, "All Christian sects assign it distinctly a cen-tral position." Suppose this were true of the King James version, does he not know that there is the most wide-spread differ-' ence of opinion as to how it should be interpreted ? Another important question which the Doctor seems to .have over-looked, is this: Are, Christians the only people in the world ? Is it not a fact that a :majority of the peOple 'in this country do not even profess to be Christians ? Do  non-believers assign the Bible " distinctly a central position"? If they do not, then, according to the Doctor's own argument, the Bible is a sectarian book. For to prove that it is not sectarian, he offers the statement, that " all Christian sects assign it distinctly a central position." Consequently, if there were any sects which do not assign it a central position, he would have to admit that it is sectarian. But the Bible is just as 'sectarian to all who do not believe in Christianity, as it would be to any professed Christian sect if they rejected it. A sect is a division of the people, and not necessarily a division of Christians; and unbelievers are people the same as Christians are. It may be convenient to ignore people and their rights, when they do not agree with us, but it does not show a love of honesty and justice to do this. But such is the, only process by which religious instruction can ever be maintained in schools controlled by the State, and supported by public taxation. No one will deny that the Catholics are a sect, yet they do not assign the King James version of the Bible a central posi-tion, or any position at all. The fact is, all Christians taken together constitute a sect, a division of the people, distinct and separate from the rest of mankind. And this is right. God's peo-ple have always been sectarian in their belief and practice, and it is by the com-mand of God that they are so. " Come out from among them, and be ye separate," saith the Lord, "and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you." As Chris-tians are a sect, and Christianity sectarian, the Bible, which is the exponent of Chris-tianity, must also be distinctly sectarian in its character. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. "Covenanter War." A PITTSBURG paper, of the 18th ult., contains, under the above heading, a two-column account of the trouble which, owing to the efforts of the Covenanter Church to control the political action of its members, has, for some months past, been causing its leaders not a little anxiety. The following statement of the facts is abridged from the Pittsburg Gazette:Š . One evening in last July, several 'ministers of the Reformed Church,ŠPresbyterian, or Covenanter Church, Šheld a meeting to formulate their views on certain topics connected with church matters. The result of that meeting was a circular denominated a " Platform of the Friends of Christian Union in the Reformed Presbyterian Church." The platform is as follows :Š The platform adopted by the recent Conference of the friends of Christian Union in the Reformed Presbyterian Church on July 22. 1890. We, the undersigned, agree together in mainte-nance of the following principles:- 1. That while we hold it to be the duty of the church to maintain the most advanced testimony in behalf of truth and against error, yet the terms of the communion ought to be limited to the plain requirements of the ScripturesŠnamely, faith in Christ and obedience to his revealed will. 2. That persons who make a credible profession of Christ should be received into church membership, on their accept-ance of our testimony and the testimony Ł of communion,  without binding them to any explanation in the matter of polit-ical dissent, or any other questions. 3. That restricted communion, and not close communion nor open communion, is the teaching of the Bible and of our stand-ards. 4. That interchange of pulpits should be allowed among those who preach the evangelical doctrine of the gospel. 5. That there should be organic union of the whole Christian Church upon the basis of the plain teaching of the Scriptures. 6. That free discussion should be allowed of our subordinate standards and of deliverance of synod, testing them by the Bible, which is the only rule of faith and manners. This was signed by the following named minis-ters : J. T. Carson, N. M. Johnston, S. D. Johnston, A. U. McClurkin, H. P. McClurkin, J. K. McClurkin, J. C. K. Milligan, J. R. J. Milligan. J. S. T. Milli. gan, 0. B. Milligan, E. M. Milligan, Hugh W. Reed, H. W. Temple, S. G. Shaw, J. R. Thomp-son. Elders: S. R. Mitchell, J. McCullough, and A. Ennisse. In a few days, the matter had become known by the radical elements in the church, and the progres sive clergymen were at once marked for official censure. Professor D. B. Wilson, D. D., R. J. George, D. D., and Moderator David McAllister, D. D., were the recognized leaders of the unchange-able element. When the presbytery met, Professor Wilson pre-sented papers designated as a "form of libel" against Rev. Henry W. Temple and Rev, Hugh W. Reed. Professor Wilson charged in his paper that the ministers named had been guilty of heresy and political teachings; of a violation of the vows of their ordination and the breaking of the church's solemn covenant. These offenses were because they had circulated and caused to be printbd the platform given above. The charges were about to be referred to a committee when Rev. 0. B. Milligan objected to them being received by the presbytery, as they were unsigned and therefore ineligible as libels in the court. After some discussion it was decided before formally proceeding against the ac-cused to hear them in their own defense. Rev. J. R. J. Milligan, who spoke first, stated that his re- marks would be few. Said he :Š Of this whole affair there seems to be more misapprehension than anything else, Individually I want a speedy action. I want this matter settled at once, as a matter of justice to my-self and my congregation. All this distrust must be removed. I was at the East End Conference. I helped to adopt the plat-form and send it out, but since that time it has been misunder-stood if not misrepresented. If these charges of covenant breaking, heresy, and apostasy are true then I am unfit to be a minister in the Covenanter Church, or in any church. On these matters my viewsnre set, and if I cannot keep them within the church I will take the other alternative and get out. Rev. E. M. Milligan said that there was nothing in all their course of which he was ashamed. He denied that either at that meeting or at any other time he had been guilty of insubordination, cove-nant breaking, or apostasy. Mr. Milligan traced the church history since 1833, and declared that the church herself had been inconsistent, in that she had in 1871 admitted to be right what in 1833 was condemned as wrong and sinful, and caused the ' split in the Presbyterian Church, In 1871 the legitimacy of the United States Government was recognized by the Covenanter Church. If this is true, then they were bound to support and defend this Government, he said. In regard to the incor_ poration of the church with an immoral govern-ment, Mr. Milligan said that if voting on amend-ments was one of those things, then very few members of the church believed it. At this utter-ance, Rev. Dr. Thomas Sproull, one of the presby-tery fathers, who had been listening intently, jumped to his feet and demanded that it stop. " Mr. Moderator, when will this stop ? How long must I listen to it ? " He was ruled out by the Moderator under the terms by which the of-fenders were allowed the fullest explanations. Continuing, Mr. Milligan said that on that point and on others he defended his privilege of holding a private opinion, "And I will stick to it," said he. Rev. A. W. McClurkin also denied his guilt as charged. Said he, "If we refuse to advance, to go higher in the development of the truth, then we shall be false to our teachings, and until we do move higher we shall be false to the trust that God hath given unto us." 