THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 795 boridageŠnot to give them less liberty, but more all treaties, becomes the fundathental law of the liberty. And if we know anything of the spirit of Christianity, it is the spirit of the fullest liberty, always. We fear there is something wrong with a revival effort which calls upon the civil power to supplement its work by inflicting legal penalties upon those regarded as sinners. A true revival seeks not to 'Condemn men, but to save them. SPEAKING of the impractical methods of the church in politics, Bird S. Coler says: "The politician begins down among the people, in a barroom or the open air, and works up to a club. The church too often begins with a club and works down to a failure." 'But this is only because the church is not com-missioned to do political work. The work of the,  church is to make good men, not to exploit them in the field of politics after they are made. The :preacher who carries the vote of his church in -his vest, pocket 'is not less dangerous, nor is he probably much better, than the ward "boss." To state it as mildly as possible, he is out of his place and on dangerous ground. A PORTION at least of the Roman Catholic press of the country has taken alarm at one passage in the President's,  message. ,The Monitoi. says: "President McKinley, in his message to Con-gress, speaks of a thorough investigatiOn into the subject 'ofthe property holdings of the religious orders in the Philippines. This is a needless and unwarranted reflection on the religious organizations in question. There is vastly more property owned by the Catholic Church in this country, in propor-tion to the number of its adherents, than in the Philippines. The property in both cases has been acquired 'and accumulated in substantially the same way- ." Suppose bigots here ,should set up a hue and cry anent the wealth ' of the Church in America and irdpute its ownership to dishonest methods? Would the administration deem it expedient to investigate such charges? Under the terms of the Paris treaty the property rights of the Church in the Philippines stand precisely on the same basis as those in the United States. The Government treads on dangerous ground when, it oversteps :the con-ditions of its own compact, which, in common with land." We do not pretend to know the facts relative to this property. It would seem that under the Paris treaty the laws under which the property is held by " the church " must settle the question. If, the property was acquired by " due process of law," however unjust that law may have been, the Govern-ment will find itself powerless to touch it under the treaty which is a part of " the supreme law of the land." Rome foresaw the difficulty and prpvided'  for it in the treaty. 44  THE UNUSED POWER OF THE CHURCHES IN POLITICS." IN speaking before the New York State Con-ference of Religion on "The Unused Power of the Churches in Politics," Rev. Alfred W. Wishart of Trenton, N. J., made this statement: "Our warfare is not against political candidates, but against a low state of social and political mor-als expressed in a corrupt political system. The overthrow of CrOker in New York and of Ashbridge in Philadelphia will be followed by the rise of other bosses just as bad, if, that is possible, unless we go to the root of the difficulty. "For the churches to, mistake' the vital issue by taking sides in the quarrels of bosses for political patronage and power, is to invite confusion, dis-trust, and a positive loss of influence. In some re-spects, in the cities at least, there are not two great parties. There is only oneŠ' The American Mas-querading Party.' This party is composed of so-called good citizens, blinded by partizanship and marching shoulder to shoulder with the most vulgar rascals in the community." Mr. Wishart's thought is the true one. He be-lieves that the work of the church is educational. Good men will be good citizens and good citizens make clean politics. This is the theory; the prac-tice is that the really good men are so hopelessly in the minority that the rascals generally get the offices, or, a large share of them. The fact is that just as some diseases in the individual, must be treated by toning up the whole system of the pa-tient, rather than by trying to remove the disease by treating the symptoms, so the diseases of the body politic must ,be treated, for the most part, by raising the moral tone of the community. This work of moral reform properly belongs to the church, but the church must not' engage in it 