THE .AIVI ERIGAN SENTINEL. 395 him Upon that subject ? Or, if the little fellow. reads,  from Eze. 18 : 20, the words : ".The soul that sinneth, it shall die," and asks the teacher to harmonize it with the dOotrine of the  immortality of the soul, shall, the teacher undertake to instruct him, in. the various doctrines of future re-wa,rds and punishment ? Or  suppose the pupil should read 1 John 5: 7, 8, and ask SQ1110_ question on the doctrine of the trin-ity, shall the teacher undertake to instruct him in regard to that ? and if so, what particular doctrine shall he teach the child? Such questions instead of being avoided by the use of the Bible in the public sChools are 'only multiplied, and nobody pretend to say that it is the duty of 'public sChool teachers to undertake to 'answer them. C. P. B. The Religion of Humanity." THE(- Nolv--'.,Xork,Press, of -the 29th ult., an., editorial notice of the- late Confer- moral education in the public sChools, from,whick we quote as follows There is rather More of a theological tone than is E.:desirable about the discussion that,, has been con-' cl.ncted.->by, some very good Christian ministers this week,:  about moral education in the public schools. -*There is the same Old tendency to identify religion with 'theology; and to assume apparently that if :Common 'grouhd can be' found on which Protestants Ł - Ł  'and Catholics can stand, the humanitirian end of the 'ITtiitarian Church, the Hebrews and Ethical Cultur-Asteand-Agnostios will accept the teachings of the-ology in the :public schools, on the general theory that " this -is a Christian Nation." .. . . 1\1Ł0'sy this Nation; Or any other nation, can be Christian in its religion without -being Christian in f,its -theology..- -The, Word "religion" has the same root ,the word "Obligation." It signifies something binding, and_ that something is a sense of -duty,'.'All learned students of the science of morals admire- the Christian system of morality. It is im-bedded in our national Constitution itself. The recognition-of 'the Ł rights of another to life, liberty, and: the. pursuit of happiness, the Anglo-Saxon doc-trine of fair play, is an application of the Golden Rule enunciated. by Jesus of Nazareth. . . . Thoee who-Worship Jesus of Nazareth as God in-carnate ought Ito be the readiest of all, in view of `these his plaih teachings, to come together with .Hebrews and Liberals and Agnostics on a humanita. Tian application of-,InS moral teachings to the pur-poses of public instruction. The rights of the minor-,- ity, Ł who; while accepting his supremacy as the world'S greatest teacher of morals, are not agreed as to his theological status, require that' theology should be kept out of the question. We can no more have Ł a State theology than we can have a State Church. The "religion of humanity " is unsatisfactory as a theology, but that and nothing more is all the re-. Won that the public schools have 'any business to teach. The point where humanitarian religion stops and theology begins is just the right place for the public schools to draw the line. It seems =to us that the writer of the, foregoing attempts to make a distinction where,, there is no real difference. It is true,- that religion and theology are not synonymous, yet there is 'not, we appre-- hend;that distinction which some imagine that there. is. "Religion," stays, Webster, "as distinguished from theology, is sub-jective, designating the 'feelings and acts 'of men which relate. to God; while theol-2ogy -;1S-  objective, and denotes those ideas,  of God which man entertains respecting the God whom he worships." That is, theology is the theory, while religion is theory reduced to practice. " The word ' religion' has," says the Press, " the same root as the word ' obli- gation.' It signifies something binding, and that something is a sense of duty." Very good; but according to Webster's statement of the difference between relig- ion and theology this root means more than a sense of duty in the abstract; it means a sense of duty toward God. "Re" means Ł 'back again, or anew," and " Ng " means, as the Press says, obligation, or something binding ; it follows that the Christian religion means binding again to the Christian's God. The sense of duty is religion; but before there can be that sense of duty there must be some knowledge of God, or at least some mental conception of Deity, however false that conception may be. Agdin, the Press says, " a nation may be Christian in its sense of duty without be-ing Christian in its theology." But that this is impossible appears from the fact that the sense of duty is Christian only as it springs from an acknowledgment of the authority of the Christian's God; but with-out Christian teaching or Christian theol-ogy, there can be no proper conception of the true God, hence no sense of duty to him. The whole idea of the Press writer evi-dently is that the morality inculcated by Christ should be adopted and taught in the public schools without any reference to its Author, and without giving it the added prestige of the name of Christ; that it would be Christianity with Christ left out. But there can in reality be no such thing as Christianity without Christ. Acts are Christian only as they spring from Christian motives. The New Testa-ment teaches that even the common every-day acts and duties of life are to be done " to the glory of God," It is the motive as much as the act itself which constitutes an act Christian. There can be, therefore, no such thing as Christianity with Christ left out; and no Christian would be satis-fied to teach the "religion of humanity" even as Christ taught it, without telling who it was that taught it, and thus adding to it the influence of his name and nature. Christianity is vastly more than a code of morals; it is a divine scheme for the moral elevation of men who Ł have sinned. It not only teaches men how to live, but it teaches them how to become free from past transgression; it promises pardon for sins that are past, and gives assurance of power to overcome temptation and avoid sin in the future. Both the pardon for the past and the power for the future come through Christ. It is manifest that to leave Christ out of Christianity is to emasculate the whole system, and leave man to struggle in the slough of his own moral corruption without pardon for the  past or strength for the future. The Press says that a nation can be Christian in its religion without being Christian in its theology; but such Christianity as that would be no better than the paganism described by the Apostle Paul in the first chapter of Romans. It is true that the State cannot properly teach theology; it is equally true that every Christian should insist that it shall not teach as Christianity or as religion, the morality inculcated by Christ, but with Christ left out. The State must in justice to all la both religion and theology alone. C. P. B. An Iniquitous Measure. THE Blair Sunday-rest bill is still before Congress, waiting the opportune moment when it can be pushed forward by its friends with hope of success. It was in-troduced in the Senate by Hon. H. W. Blair, December 9, 1889, read twice, and referred to the Committee on Education and Labor. This bill has been repeatedly published, and is familiar to most of our readers. To those who have not given the matter thought, the law contemplated in the bill seems reasonable, and the argu-ments advanced in its favor plausible. We wish, at this time, to point out some of the reasons not only why the bill should not become law, but why every citizen of this Republic ought to raise his voice against it. 1. It is unconstitutional in that it is re-ligious legislation. We know that it is claimed that it is not religious legislation; only a " civil Sabbath " is desired. But the Sabbath is not a civil institution; it is a religious institution, and the bill rec-ognizes repeatedly that phase of the ques-tion. The bill is, according to the title, to secure to the people not only the privi-leges of rest, but of "religious worship." Among the prohibitions of Section 3, are works whicli are not the " observance [of the first day] as a day of religious wor-ship." Thus the bill has a religious object, as shown in the title and the exceptions made. It is therefore religious legislation, and is contrary to the First Amendment to the Constitution, which declares that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof." The first-day Sabbath is a so-called Christian insti-tution, and its establishment by law is the recognition and establishment of that re-ligious system to which the institution belongs. The Constitution is right, as proved by the history of all religious leg-islation of the past. The bill is unconsti-tutional, and therefore wrong. 2. The bill, if it became law, would subject many peopleŠgood, honest citi-zensŠto the whims and caprices of their neighbors. The first section declares that no person, etc., " shall perform or author-ize to be performed, any secular work, labor, or business to the disturbance of 