AMERICAN SENTINEL. 283 fairs, and passed with only three negative votesŠone alderman and two councilmen. The law provides that children under sixteen years of age shall not be upon the streets after 9 P. M., from May let to October 1st, or 8 P. M. during the other months, unless accompanied by a parent or legal guar-dian; it being desired by the advocates of the law that the term "legal guardian" be interpreted "liberally." It has thus far exiled one hapless youth to the House of Correction for sixty days. It so happens that the youth of these citiesŠLewis-ton and AuburnŠhave acquired the habit of frequenting the street-corners in the evening. The clergy, shocked and terrified, proposed to range the curfew-law gun on these juvenile sinners, and in the name of the civil au-thority give the command, "Disperse, ye rebels." Now the clergymen should be interested in the dan-gers which threaten these young lives. But have they considered what will be the feelings of these boys and girls toward them, the representatives of Christianity, as they find themselves forced to retire to their stifling rooms on a hot summer's night, when God's free air would be so refreshing after the day of toil in the sweat-shops and factories? Will these "offenders" be inclined to listen to the preaching of the Word by these men who dictate the nature and extent of their principles? Again, do not the clergy know that men who at-tend their churches and contribute handsomely to their support, are in large measure responsible for the condi-tions of those who labor, to produce their wealthŠre-sponsible in a degree for the poverty which compels the toiler to dwell in such surroundings that the street cor-ner offers a most desirable change? Come, brothers, begin at the other end of the line. And not only so, but likewise abandon the policy of force, which at best but ineffectually restrains, and adopt the gospel of love, which effectually constrains. H. E. OSBORNE. Alaska as a Colonial Warning. THE SENTINEL quoted some time ago a letter written by the Airing head of the Greek Church in Alaska, di-rected to the President, calling his attention to existing evils in the administration of government in Alaska under the United States, and praying for redress. The letter was.very pertinent to the subject of "expansion" and the acquisition of colonies across the sea, Alaska being virtually in the position of an American colony. To this letter there is now added the testimony of president David Starr Jordan, of Leland Stanford Uni-versity, who is a recognized authOrity on the subject of Alaska and its people. He was appointed by the Gov-ernment some years ago to visit that territory to inves-tigate the condition of thesseal industry, and While them took occasion to observe the condition and httbits  people, and the effect of American government upon the country. The results of his observation, says the Liter-ary Digest, "throw an interesting light on the past colo- nial methods of our Government." In view of the espe-cial value of this light at the present time, we refer again to this subject of American government in Alaska, giv-ing some extracts from president Jordan's testimony, as printed with accompanying comment in the Literary Digest:Š "When the United States bought Alaska from Rus-sia, thirty-one years ago, Alaska had a native popula-tion of about 32,000. To-day, says president Jordan, `starvation is inevitable along the whole line of the southwestern coast. . . . Some time ago it was re-ported that at Port Etches the native population was already huddled together in the single cellar of an aban-doned warehouse, and that other villages to the east-ward were scarcely better housed.' These 'reconcentra-dos' are, according to the United States courts, Ameri-can citizens. "President Jordan's description of the slaughter of seal, sea-otter, and salmon, which has been the ruin of Alaska, need not be quoted here. He asserts that the disastrous waste and confusion in that unhappy terri-tory arise from four sources: 'Lack of centralization of power and authority, lack of scientific knowledge, lack of personal and public interest, and the use of offices as political patronage.' She is only a colony,' he says, 'or rather a chain of little colonies; and a colony, to Ameri-cans as to Spaniards, has been in this case merely a means of revenue, a region to be exploited.' "The spoils system has not left even this desolate part of our country free from its touch:Š " 'Finally, the demands of the spoils system have often sent unfit men to Alaska. The duties of these offi-cials are delicate and difficult, requiring special knowl-edge as well as physical endurance. Considerable expe-rience in the North, also, is necessary for success. When positions of this kind are given as rewards for partisan service, the men receiving them feel themselves underpaid. The political 'war-horse,' who has borne the brunt of the fray in some great convention, feels himself 'shelved' if sent to the North to hunt for salmon-traps, or to look after the interests of half-civilized people, most of whom cannot speak a word of English. A few of these men have been utterly unworthy, intemperate, and immoral; and occasionally one, in his stay in Alaska, earns that `perfect right to be hung' which John Brown assigned to the 'border ruffian.' On the other hand, a goodly num-ber of these political appointees, in American fashion, have made the best of circumstances, and by dint of na-tive sense and energy have made good their lack of spe-cial training. The extension of the classified civil service has raised the grade of these as of other government appointments. The principles of civil service reform are in the highest degree vital in the management of colonies.' "Laws exist for the regulc n mon fishing, seal, and otter hunting, for the 'e‚ toxieating liquors, and for the suppression o c‚fife; iitthe Gov- ernment has neglected to provide adeesiatelylor their enforcement. The salmon company, forampte,,imust st and punish itself, or go unpunig—there is 