THE AMERICAN SENTINEL® 349 legitimate, because the protection of the helpless and innocent, to say nothing of the safety of life and property, require it. Here temporal interests are in jeopardy. But religion as a way of eternal salvation, as a conquest by love, as a spiritual power for redemption, has no such demand to make of earthly king or legislator. There is a sharp line where the province of one force must stop and leave the other alone. The State is not the author of moral law; therefore it can neither punish vio-lation nor forgive the penalty of trans-gression. If it assume the power to do one of these, it must assume to do all; and if Christians ask it to do one, they must allow it to do all. From a conclu-sion like this there is no escape. The great business of God's people is to bring men to Jesus as a Saviour. In doing this, the helpful blessings of citizenship in a good government, are not to be despised; but the power that helps comes from above. Every attempt to ally the earthly and the heavenly in the promotion of re-ligion, has proven a failure. The king-doms are unlike, composed of different subjects, ruled by different principles, organized for different ends, and they must be kept to their proper spheres.ŠCentral Baptist. Has Not Been Demonstrated. ON the occasion of the meeting of the American Board of Foreign Missions at Chicago, October 6, the president of the Board, Rev. Dr. Storrs said :Š We have demonstrated for the world to see it the power of the Church to take care of itself without any help or interference from the State govern-ment of the nation in which the church is planted. That is a lesson which the world will more and more take to its heart. It has been thought, of course, for ages that religious sentiment and reli-gious doctrine could not be maintained among a people except by the aid of State authority. . . . We passed beyond that long ago, and we have shown how powerful religion is as a force in itself, without the least dependence upon State aid. This sounds well, but is it true ? Have we demonstrated the ability of the Church to get along without the least dependence upon the State 2ŠMost decidedly not. It is indeed true that the Church not only can get along without State aid but that it gets on much better wibhout it; but it has not been demonstrated in this coun-try. There has been opportunity to dem-onstrate this fact in California since 1882, when the California Sunday law was re- pealed. But instead of going to work to demonstrate it, the churches have spent much of their strength and not a little means in an effort to secure State aid to the extent of a Sunday law, and a statute exempting church property from tax-ation. They have thus lost their oppor-tunity to demonstrate the power of the Church, for in seeking the power of the State .they necessarily overlooked and neglected the power of God and of his truth; and so lost that without gaining the other. That the Church of to-day is in some measure dependent upon the State, is thus incidentally confessed by Mr. Crafts in his "Sabbath for Man," page 248, edition of 1885 :Š It is the conviction of the majority that the Na-tion can not be preserved without religion, nor religion without the Sabbath, nor the Sabbath without laws. This is only saying that religion can not be preserved without civil laws for  the protection of at least one of its insti-tutions. It is not true; but its falsity has not been demonstrated by the popular churches in this country. It was demon-strated in the Roman Empire in the early history of the Christian era; and it has been demonstrated to some extent in later ages by dissenting sects which have grown and flourished not only without the aid of civil laws, but in spite of hostile statutes. But no church can ever demonstrate it while claiming exemption from equal tax-ation, and while claiming a legal monop-oly of one seventh part of the time of all the people. C. P. B. Chicago Letter. Ł THE MARLOWE THEATER. THE Marlowe Theater of Englewood is now giving Sunday night performances, protected by an injunction restraining the police from further interference. It will be remembered that when it undertook this some weeks ago, the churches in-voked the police power of the city and closed the theater; and that a compromise was effected between a church committee appointed by a Sunday closing mass-meet-ing, and the managers of the theater, by the terms of which the theater was to close Sunday nights in return for church patronage the other six nights. The man-agers now claim that the church people have not fulfilled their part of the agree-ment, and that they are, therefore, no longer bound to adhere to theirs. One encouraging feature connected with this last turn of affairs, is that the Baptist Church situated near by, instead of again calling on the police to close its Sunday evening rival, returned to Christian and Baptist principles and prayed for the con-version of the theater managers and their Sunday night patrons. Better late than never, but if this had been done at the start, the Sunday theater patrons would not be troubled with the suspicion that the ap-peal to the throne of grace was taken be-cause the appeal to the chief of police proved a failure. JEALOUS OF ROME. Dr. Martin of Grace Methodist Church, created some stir recently, by declaring that he would not attend the Inaugural ceremonies of the World's Congress Aux-iliary, recently held at the Auditorium, because " the orator " of the evening, and the only orator, was Archbishop Ireland. Many sympathized with Dr. Martin and remained away, and it was noticeable that the meeting was largely made up of Catholics. Dr. Barrows of the First Presbyterian Church opened the meeting with prayer, and Dr. Harper, President of the University of Chicago, offered the closing invocation. The Congress Auxiliary is held by Gov-ernment sanction and support, and Dr. Martin and others are jealous of the Catholics because of partiality thus shown them. This jealousy, now that the Su-preme Court of the United States has de-cided that " this is a Christian Nation," will doubtless ripen into a demand that the Government decide which of the con-tending denominations is entitled to the name " Christian " and consequently to furnish the orator on such State occasions. Should such a decision be made, and made in favor of the Catholics, the Prot-estants will have no one to blame but themselves, and should take with stoical fortitude the consequences of their schem- ing to establish Christianity as the reli-gion of the Nation. DISCOURAGED ATTACKS ON RELIGION. The American Secular Union has just closed its sixteenth annual congress, elect-ing the same national officers, with the exception of treasurer. There seemed to be an almost unanimous sentiment at the meeting, in favor of adhering strictly to the demand of the Union for a purely secular Government. All attacks on the churches or their doctrines, except where these conflict with the secular theory of government, were discouraged. It was maintained that the platform of the Union should be so broad as to admit of Christian clergymen and others who be-lieve in entire separation of Church and State voicing these sentiments from the secular platform, without having their individual views of doctrine, not essen-tially at variance with the secular theory, assailed. Among this class who were accorded a hearing at this meeting, was John W. Tindall, of the Chicago Inter-Ocean, who spoke on the " Sunday Newspapers," and Alonzo T. Jones, of the American Senti-nel, who spoke twice, first on " The Cap-tivity of the Republic," and second on " Present National Measures, Uniting Church and State." This meeting took one long step in ad-vance by repudiating its former demand for a secular Sunday law, and voting in-stead, a protest against all laws directly or indirectly enforcing Sunday observ-ance. The organization laid plans for a vigorous campaign the coming year. METHODISTS COUNTED ON THE WRONG SIDE. Mr. Higinbotham, President of the World's Columbian Exposition, and mem-ber of Trinity Methodist Church, was re-cently requested by his pastor to speak Sunday evening on the World's. Fair. Mr. Higinbotham, in the course of his remarks, argued for an open Fair. Be-sides Mr. Higinbotham, Mrs. John A. Logan, another Methodist, has recently declared in favor of Sunday opening. These, and all members of the Methodist Church who agree with them on this point, have already been counted against Sunday opening in the remonstrance sent by the Quadrennial Methodist Conference 'claiming to voice the entire four millions of Methodists in the United States. A. F. BALLENGER. We Only Ask for Obedience to the Law. THE advocates of Sunday laws pose as the friends of law and order. They de-nounce anarchy as a heinous crime, and loudly assert that all they want is obedi-ence to law. That is perhaps all they want, in the matter of enforcing law; but with that they want the power to shape, according to their own notion, the laws that they ask to have enforced. That power they think they have already ; and they expect to retain it. They profess to be followers of Christ; but they take for models, the arguments, methods, and plans of his enemies. When Christ stood before Pi-late the enraged Jews cried out:Š We have a law, and by our law he ought to die. John 19 : 7. And it was the same argument applied 