SEFTENitRE 14, 1808. A.MMALICA.N nounces them errors, misstatements, inaccuracies, defects; and concludes that the Bible is not an in-fallible book. That these conclusions have not been reached suddenly by the Methodists, the speaker proceeded to show, by presenting evidence that they had " at least two years ago abandoned the position of the verbal inspiration of the Scriptures." May we not thank God that at the very time many are laying down the banner of truth, long carried upon this subject; that he grants us the privilege of picking it up and car-rying it to final victory ? That belief in the verbal inspiration of the Scriptures constitute them the final authority in matters of faith, the higher critics see, but this position they willingly and know-ingly abandon, ,as another extract from this conference address will show :Š The belief in verbal inspiration necessarily con-stitute i the Scriptures the seat of authorityŠthe final tribunal to which all must bow ; but, as we do not hold to the belief in verbal inspiration, . . . it seems inevitable that we must no longer teach that the Bible is the word of God, but that the Bible contains the word of God. But if ministers teach that the Bible only contains the word of God, who is to determine what portion is that word ? Why, every man for himself, of course. And do they teach this ? Yes, and also that much trust and confidence is to be placed in the living speaker, the minister. Again, we quote from the address :Š Let it then be remembered that the believer's safety is assured not by the infallibility of the record, but the infallibility of the Spirit. We use the Book, but we trust the living speaker. And so does the Romanist, and this is the Papacy. But further :Š When Paul wrote to the Romans, and touched upon the doubtful disputations concerning the eat-ing of herbs and the observance of particular days, he directed them to no external authority, but s " Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind," and pointed them to the only authority a man could recognize in the matter, viz., himself. Here, then, we have the standard plainly statedŠSELF. Higher criticism thus be-gins with tearing down faith in the Bible, and ends with exalting man above the Bible as its judge. But he who first sits as judge will never afterwards take the place of a true believer before the declara-tion of what he may call the word of God, which but for his decision must have re-mained doubtful or uninspired; and should he profess faith in the divinity of the passage, it is not in the word that he has faith, but in himself, who, by the power delegated to him by latter day teachers, has canonized the passage as the priests canonize the saints. But as the Bible is rejected as the final tribunal to which appeal is to be made, what is to be that tribunal ? certainly not the individual, layman, or preacher ? No. This tribunal to which final appeal is to be made is to be the church council, and so it is suggested in the closing words of this conference document:Š But when the external authority of the Bible, as it now is, is removed, what check have we upon the vagaries of an ill-informed and self-opinionated mind ? None. Neither have we had any with our supposed external authority. Absurd interpreta-tions abound. Yes, but absurd interpretations are quite innocent things as compared with the tearing down of the authority of the word by which the interpretation may always be tested, and leaving us with interpreta-tion only. But we are not to be left with individual interpretation. Neither must the collective consciousness of the  church be ignored as a providential means of for-mulating revealed truth. For the apostles, with minds illuminated by the Spirit, advanced in their apprehension of developing truth by taking council together at Jerusalem. But we do not read of the disciples ever raising the question of the inspiration of a single portion of the Scriptures. They were sent to preach it and did so. But the church council, this is the remedy, and this is the very Papacy it-self, and this higher criticism by break-ing down confidence in the word of God, and exalting confidence in the "collective conscience," is paving the way fast for the re-establishment of the Papacy. Then comes the general council, and then the teaching of that council as to what con-stitutes the word of God and the teaching of that word, and then follows for unity's sake only, as it was in the days of Rome, the branding as heretics of all who dis-sent, and " abide the literal text," and finally, the persecution of all who persist-ently protest. And thus, we believe, his-tory will repeat itself here. G. B. STARR. Melbowrne, Australia. A Possible New State. A COMMUNICATION from Canada says that the Catholic priests, who were for-merly opposed to annexation, are discard-ing their misconceptions of the effect of entering the Union. They are becoming familiar with the fact that, under our Federal Constitution, Quebec, trans-formed from a Canadian province into an American State, would have full power to uphold the Catholic religion and its other local institutions. The account adds that the reason of this new advocacy on the part of the priests is that " they, like their parishioners, are suffering from the impoverishment of the province and from the increasing exodus of French Cana-dians to the United States." In other words, having eaten up clean everything about the houses and gardens of their vic-tims, these priestly rats desire a flow of good things from a new source to be turned on. As to the fact that Quebec when made one of our United States could continue under an established religion, that is per-fectly true. It seems to be the vague belief of many that there is about the United States something antagonistic to religious despotismŠthat that form of tyranny cannot be practiced within the jurisdiction of our national Government. But this is not the case. The Constitu-tion declares that Congress shall not estab-lish any religion, but the States are left at perfect freedom, except where prevented by their own constitutions, to establish as many religions as they wish, and perse-cute other faiths as severely as devout heart shall crave. Even in those States whose constitutions forbid the establish-ment of a religion, any church becoming powerful enough could reverse that pro-vision and set itself up in legal domina-tion. Of course, in a certain sense, Church establishment, or any connection of Church and State, is un-American, and repugnant to our political spirit and tra-ditions. . . . The intention was that it should keep Church and State separate. And one of the factors of its success over the old nations has been its abstinence from the sectarian coercion common in them. To be sure, the separation of  Church and State here is not complete yet. Thus, no national law is against State religious establishment, but an unwritten sentiment, a public spirit, is. Quebec, however, is not to be expected to heed this spirit. When she gets ad-mitted as a State she will, it may be sup-posed, at once set up laws favoring the Catholic Church, and persecuting Protest-ants, even beyond her present ones, which she is obliged to keep within measure by the Protestant British general government over her. Interest is naturally turned to the char-acter of our new sister. In one account we find a history of the Quebec peasant. He attended mass every Sunday if the church was within reach, welcomed the Recollets, or poor friars, who tramped through the settlements; offered the first salmon of the year for sale at the church door for the good of the souls in purga-tory; prayed at the angelus; sought a blessing when he began any serious work, such as building a barn, and prided him-self on his loyalty to his king and reli-gion. There were no schools outside of Quebec, Montreal, and Three Rivers, and no books save the catechism. Everybody was superstitious. Fortune-tellers cast his horoscope for two sous, a meal, or a bed; feux-follets and witches sought to lure him to destruction ; a loup garou or werwolf, under the corporal form of a beggar, except that it had four legs, haunted Kamouraska as late as 1767. Happily, the St. Lawrence was conse-crated, and these Satanic agents could not cross it, but fled howling into the forest when the frightened habitant reached its shores. The peasant's life was without intellectual interest, and intolerably la-borious. He was hard ground by lord and priest. Besides the seigneurial dues and restrictions the habitant paid tithes to the clergy. Originally one-thirteenth of his cereals, they were reduced to one twenty-sixth, the present figure. On a petition from a bare majority of the Roman Cath-olic freeholders in a parish, the priest and bishop may proceed with the erection of a new church or priest's dwelling, and the cost is levied as a fabrigue tax on all the freeholders. The fabrique tax and tithes are a first charge on the soil. Protestants are exempt. It cannot be said, continues this account, that these imposts fleece the people; they would probably pay as much if the church were supported on the vol-untary principle. The main grievance which they have against her is that her vast estates, estimated to be worth $100,-000,000, do not pay their fair share of municipal taxation, and that there is an excessive number of " religious" both in the church itself and in the conventual bodies of men and women. The official handbook in 1892 shows nearly eight thou-sand.ŠTruth Seeker. It Becomes a Tempter. DURING many centuries, every govern-ment thought it was its bounden duty to encourage religious truth and discourage religious error. The mischief this has produced is incalculable. Putting aside all other considerations, it is enough to mention its two leading consequences; which are, the increase of hypocrisy, and the increase of perjury. The increase of hypocrisy is the inevitable result of con-necting any description of penalty with the profession of particular opinions. 