gi11,11111!ilti 11PVIIVIP 0111 Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7efferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, MARCH 12, 1891. NUMBER 11. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. REV. MORGAN Dix, D. D., Rector of Trinity Church, says : " I have no confi-dence in the judgment or wisdom of those who tell us that the Church Must . . . purify politics, elevate the laboring classes, increase incomes, obtain the enactment of laws regulating meat and drink, and for all I know, take up and settle the ques-tions of the currency, the tariff, etc." IN the minds of almost all religious persons, even in the most tolerant coun-tries, the duty of toleration is admitted with tacit reserves. One person will bear with dissent in matters of Church govern-ment, but not of dogma; another can tol-erate everybody, short of a Papist or a Unitarian; another, everybody who be-lieves in revealed religion; a few extend their charity a little further, but stop at the belief in God and in the future state. Wherever the sentiment of the majority is still genuine and intense, it is found to have abated little of its claim to be obeyed. ŠJohn Stuart Mill. - THE Northern Light, the official organ of the Knights of Labor of Washington and northern Idaho, Western Central Labor Union of Seattle, and Trades Coun-cil of Tacoma, has the following on the Sunday-closing question :Š We are  decidedly opposed to closing the World's Fair on Sundays. Sunday, above all other days, is the day when workingmen could visit the various places of interest and devote sufficient time to profit by the advantages which such an institution-affords to its visitors. The National Farmers' Alliance and Industrial Union would never have adopted such  resolutions had there been any one to show the in-justice of it to the working people, who have to toil daily from early morning until late in the evening. The closing of the World's Fair on Sundays would virtually deprive them of deriving the least benefit from it, and we would rather see that Fair closed all the rest of the week, and open on Sunday, than to see it open every day excepting Sunday. The laboring men are far from being a unit in favor of Sunday closing. "What Does the Bible Teach about the Sabbath?" LAST week, in the examination of this question propounded by Mr. Crafts, we found that, according to his own words, the Bible teaches that the Sabbath is re-ligious; that its observance is to be wholly religious; and that the occupation of per-sons on that day is to be the worship of God, and "work for the souls of men." It is therefore the genuine expression of the wish of the American Sabbath Union, when the Sunday bills introduced in Con-gress propose to forbid all secular work on that day ; that is, all work that does not pertain to the souls of men and to the world to come. There are yet some other points to be noticed in this inquiry which has been raised by the American Sabbath Union, and also by the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union. We propose, therefore, in this article, to notice what further Mr. Crafts, and Mr. Mott, and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union find the Bible teaches about the Sabbath. In the writ-ings of these persons the effort is not so much to find out what indeed the Bible says about the Sabbath, as it is to find out how to get the Bible to sustain Sunday as the Sabbath. Consequently, among the very first of the statements by Mr. Crafts, under this question, is the following which he puts in italics :Š Observe that there is nothing in the record of the original Sabbath to identify it with our Saturday. He knows that this statement is not true; and the other parts of the same article show that lie knows it. For instance, in arguing against the Seventh-day Advent- ists for holding to the fourth command-ment as it reads, he says :Š We only are consistent who accept both groups of like evidence, and believe that the seventh day was observed before the Hebrew nation, and that the Lord's day inherited its birthright at the resur-rection. Now the day which has always been observed by the Hebrew nation is " our Saturday." And the seventh day, which was observed before the Hebrew nation, was the identical day which was observed by the Hebrew nation. Also the seventh day which was observed before the Hebrew nation, was the original Sabbath. There-fore, as the seventh day, which was ob-served before the Hebrew nation, was the original Sabbath; as that day is the iden-tical one which was observed by the Hebrew nation; and as the day which has always been observed by the Hebrew nation is identical with our Saturday, it is demon-strated by Mr. Crafts's own words that the original Sabbath is identical with our Saturday. This also demonstrates that he knows that that statement which he put in italics is not true. Nor is this the only evidence which he gives to that effect in the article under con-sideration. He constantly contrasts the seventh day with the first day of the week, and yet professes to deny that the term seventh day means the seventh day of the week ; but in this again his argu-ment contradicts itself, for he adopts as his own the argument of another, in which it is said that, The Creator observes the week in the development of his cosmos, and crowns the seventh day with his personal benediction. We in fact know the week only as it is marked by a religious day. It is alone the action of the Creator in working six days and resting the seventh, that makes that divisiOn of time which is known as the week. The first series of seven days that ever passed upon the earth was by the Creator made the first week, and the last day of that seriesŠthe one upon which the Creator rested -Which he blessed and which he sanctifiedŠthat is the day which he made the Sabbath. Con- 