686 1-171E SENTINEL pFN LIBERTY% Subscribe for . . . Religious What is  * Liberty? loyoyavya THE importanceof a correct understanding of this question, and the principles govern-ing' the true relation and attitude of the church and 'State 'can not be overestimated. 'Jefferson says, '" The spirit qf these times may alter, will alter," and it tnust'be apparent to all that religious legislation is rapidly gain-ing faVor in the public 'mind; and is embed-ding itself in the fundamental law of The land in defiance of the Constitufiou'and all Ameri- : Can InStitutions: The Religious Liberty Library Nos. 1 to 26 will; answer the many:, questions arising in your mind on' the subject of-churchInd state., They are substantially bound in' Cloth, in three,. iolurnes; price for the set; $1.25— Postpaid, 50 YEARS' EXPERIENCE ' Ł Ł DESIGNS COPYRIGHTS &C. Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain, our opinion free whetbe. an invention is probably patentable. Commuthca-tions strictly confidential. Handbook on Patents sent free. Oldest agency for securing patents. , Patdnts taken through, Hunn & Co. receive special notice, withbut charge, in the Scientific. 'Bitiericatit A handsomely illustrated weekly. Largest cir-culation of any scientific journal. Terms, $3 a year : four months, $1. Sold by all newsdealer& MUNN & Co 361,Bilid"YŁ New York Branch Office, 826 r St.. Washington, D. C. THE SENTINEL- OF LIBERTY_ A paper set for the' defense of liberty both Christian and COnstitutional, and opposed to everything tending toward a union of church and state either in name or, in fact. You need this, paper,' and your neighbors need it If you are not familiar with this subject you will be surprised not only at what is Proposed, but at what has been already done in the direction of nullifying the constitutional safeguards of liberty of conscience. - Single.copy of the paper One year, Sr.00 Six months, - -.50 Three months, .25 In clubs of five toptwenty-four, to one address, one year, 75 cents . In clubs of twenty-five to forty-nine, In clubs of fifty to ninety-nine, One hundred or more, SENTINEL' ADF LIBERTY, 324 Dearborn- Street, CHICAGO, ILL' Address THE REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING Battle Creek,. Mich..  . , TRADE MARKS Si id It " '‚ dt 4'  " 6O cents 55 cents 5o cents 