AMERICAN SENTINEL. 621 purpose is to make him an outlaw and starve him, is in tolerable in this generation." Hearsay Evidence. A LOWELL, Mass., journal of recent date, mentions the arrest of four citizens of that place for playing cards "on the Lord's day." The complaint drawn up against them specified as follows:Š "That on the Lord's day you did severally take part in a certain game, to wit, a game of cards, the name of said game being to your complainant unknown, then and there played on the said Lord's day, the same not being then and there a concert of sacred music or an en-tertainment given by a religious or charitable society, the proceeds of which, if any, are to be devoted exclu-sively to a charitable or religious purpose." Does the court in this case know that the day on which the offense was committedŠSundayŠis the Lord's day? Is it a judge itself of religious questions? No; it doe's not claim to be, but on this point it takes the word of the church. But what right has it to take the word of the church? By its own rules of evidence, it is bound to investigate the alleged fact itself, and take cognizance of it as a fact, if it exists; and not take the word of some other party for it. That is only "hearsay evidence." The court might just as well take the statement of some person that the accused parties are guilty, as being a fact, without investigating the charge itself, as to accept as a fact the church's assertion that a certain day is the "Lord's day," without which the case against the accused persons would have fallen to the ground. We would not defend card-playing; but prosecutions for gambling should rest upon some other ground than that of "profaning the Lord's day." An Ominous Proposition. THE doctrine of American imperialism does not need a season's growth to begin bearing fruit. The idea is now suggested that as we will have need for a large army of trained soldiers, the public schools should be utilized to give military instruction and drill to the young boys of the land, which would fit them to become trained soldiers in a short time when a large army might be needed. On this point a New York daily prints the fol-lowing, under the heading, "Schools as Nurseries of Sol-diers ":Š "Our experience in the late war has shown the need for military training in this country in time of peaceŠnot for a vast standing army on the European scale, but for such instruction as shall create a foundation on which, in case of need, an effective force may be built. "What better agency can we find for this work than the public schools? The millions of pupils now under in-struction there are already subject to discipline. They are at an impressionable age. It would be a simple mat- ter to give them a military training that would enable the Government, in case of need, to call upon any num-ber of effective soldiers, as useful on their first day of active service as raw volunteers would be after three months' licking into shape. "Those pupils who displayed a special aptitude for military life could enter West Point, which could be made a great university for the higher instruction of the mar-tial elite of the nation. It would furnish all the skilled officers we should need in time of war, while at other times those graduates not needed in the peace establish-ment would be well fitted to succeed in civil life. "The military training now given in a number of col-leges and universities is a good beginning, but we need something more. Let us rest our system of defense on the hard foundation of the public schools." When the nation starts out on the road which has been traveled by the nations of Europe, it can only be expected that it will ere long experience the conditions under which those nations are sinking to day. "Interpreting" Scripture. A READER of the Outlook, edited by Dr. Lyman Ab-bott, having applied to the latter for an explanation of the statement in Num. 22:28, that Balaam's ass spoke certain words to Balaam, received this answer:Š "The story on its face relates the strange experience of a heathen soothsayer, and may be wholly legendary. Or it may have a basis of fact, since dumb animals often speak to us in their dumb way, and we understand them as well as if they had uttered human speech. If the ass spoke at all, she certainly spoke ass fashion. St. Peter's authority used to be invoked for the belief that she used human speech (2 Pet. 2:16). But scholars generally agree that that epistle is an anonymous work of the post-apostolic age." This is "interpreting" Scripture; that is, it is making the Scripture mean something different from what it says. It is only upon the theory that the Scripture does not mean what it says that the idea rests that it needs to be interpreted. And this idea having been handed down by tradition to the religious world of to-day, the people think it necessary to seek to some one in a posi-tion of "authority" to find out what the Scripture means. This is one of the greatest and most dangerous delusions of the times. The Scripture is the Word of God to man. And who-ever will allow that God had the ability to say what he meant to say, and the honesty to mean what he said, and then will observe the common-sense rule of going to the author of a statement to inquire its meaning if any doubt exists, instead of to some one else, will have no trouble about an understanding of the Word of God. It is almost needless to add that such treatment of the Word of God as is given it in this instance, by one who claims to be a Christian teacher, only strengthens the hands of those who rail at Christianity and make sport of its adherents. Any person who believes that 