364 AMERICAN SENTINEL. both countries, according to their view, the Constitution allows too much freedom. But if the constitution of Austria is altered to suit the demands of the church there, it will be in the interests of the Catholic religion. And if the like thing is done here, will not a like evil be the result? Protestants in Austria want the constitution to re-main as it is; and why should not American Protestants have the like wish for the Constitution of the United States? Some Letters from the Philippines. THE following extracts from letters written by sol-diers in the Philippines, are cited in a communication to the Chicago Times-Herald, of May 24, by Prof. W. G. Hale, of that city. Their genuineness is undisputed, and from them, one may safely form an opinion as to the character ofŁ the warfare "for humanity" that is being conducted in the islands in the name and by the author-ity of this Government:Š "Charles N. Brenner, Company M, Twentieth Kansas Regiment, to his father, residing at Bennington, Kan., twelve miles from Minneapolis, Kan. Letter printed in April, in the Minneapolis Messenger:Š "`Then occurred the hardest sight I ever saw. They had four prisoners and didn't know what to do with them. They asked Captain Bishop what to do and he said, "You know the orders," and four natives fell dead.' "Rev. Charles F. Dole, of Jamaica Plain, Mass., pub-lished in the Boston Transcript, of April 15, a letter without names from a soldier in Luzon to bis father. Mr. Dole has been personally known to me for many years and is a man of the highest character. The letter said:Š "'The longer I stay here and the more I see and think of the matter the more fully convinced I am that the American nation was and is making a blunder. . . . I don't think I would miss the truth much if I said more noncombatants have been killed than native soldiers. I don't believe the people in the United States understand the question, or the condition of things here, or the in-human warfare now being carried on. Talk about Span-ish cruelty! They are not in it with the Yank. Even the Spanish are shocked. Of course, I don't expect to have war without death and destruction, but I do expect that when an enemy gets down on his knees and begs for his life that he won't be shot in cold blood. But it is a fact that the order was not to take any prisoners, and I have seen enough to almost make me ashamed to call myself an American' "Lieutenant Barnes, Battery G, Third United States Artillery (in the regular army, be it observed), writes on the 20th March a letter to his brother, which was pub-lished in the Greensburg (Ind.) Standard, of May 5, a copy of which is in my hands. The passage bearing on our question is as follows:Š " 'The town of Titatia was surrendered to us d few days ago, and two companies occupy the same. Last  night one of our boys was found shot and his stomach cut open. Immediately orders were received from Gen-eral Wheaton to burn the town and kill every native in sight, which was done 'to a finish. About 1,000 men, women and children were reported killed. I am proba-bly growing hard-hearted, for I am in my glory when I can sight my gun on some dark skin and pull the trig-ger.'" The following is from a letter by Robert D. Maxwell, Company A, Twentieth Kansas, published in the Omaha (Neb.) Bee, of May 7:Š "Sometimes we stopped to make sure a native was dead and not lying down to escape injury. Some of them would fall as though dead, and after we had passed would climb a tree and shoot every soldier that passed that way. Even the wounded would rise up and shoot after we passed. This led to an order to take no prison-ers, but to shoot all." To these extracts Professor Hall adds the following judgments of an officer in the American army and of an English observer in Manila. At a banquet of the Medi-cal Society of Pennsylvania, held at Johnstown, Pa., on May 17, 1899, Major W. H. Daly, of General Miles' staff, is reported to have said this, among other things, to the same effect:Š "Warfare in the Philippines has drifted away from the methods of civilization, and the shooting down of a. people who only desire the opportunity to be free is con-trary to the essence of our traditions." The other judgment is from a communication sent by an English observer at the seat of war and published in the North China Daily News, of Shanghai, in March: "We do think that the nation which at this time last year boasted in its numerous newspapers that America, the most free among nations, would cheerfully expend her gold and the blood of her sons to bestow the precious blessing of liberty on a down trodden sister, and, snatch-ing her from beneath the heel of a tyrant, set her upon the proud eminence on which she herself stands, is at present a little off her base in the Philippines." Thus the barbarism of the campaign itself, as well as the principles of republicanism, proclaims that the war represents imperialism. Ohio's Attorney-General on Trusts. SOME remarkable testimony was recently given by Attorney-general Monnett, of Ohio, before a commission appointed to examine into the business methods of the Standard Oil Trust in that State. This is-the- attorney-general who was, he declares, lately offered $500,000 by this Trust if he would refuse to prosecute it. "He described in detail the methods by which the Trusts choked off competition, by buying up competi-tors, the employment of agents known as 'buzzards,' to get competitors' prices and undersell them out of the business, and the conspiracies with the railroad corpora- 