88 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE old frigate "Constitution," renouned for its exploits early in the century, is to be put into condition for some kind of service again, at a cost of $100,000. But it will cost much more than that to put the Consti-tution itself again into serviceable condition. As is indicated by the course of events in the South African war, there is a difference between fighting for empire and a queen, and fighting for home and inde-pendence. Great Britain's hopes of winning in the con-test are based upon her ability to overwhelm the Boers with the force of superior numbers. THERE is, it is said, a strong feeling in many minds in Great Britain against the war, and many more who favor the continuance of the war believe that too great a cost has already been paid for all the advantages to be gained. It is probable that had this cost been an-ticipated at the outset, the war would not have been undertaken. But having been begun, it must go on now to the bitter end, even though the people pushing it regret that it was ever undertaken and realize that no possible gain can ever compensate for the terrible cost. And why?ŠThe answer is, National pride! To stop the war now, would be humiliating to that pride, and that can never be allowed. Therefore the slaughter must go on! No matter how many people are killedŠhow much property wastedŠno matter how many men are mutilated and maimed for life, how many women are made widows and little children orphans, no matter how much suffering is entailed,Šthe national pride must be maintained ! And such is the attitude of a reputed "Christian" nation ! Imagine a Christian who would insist that whatever else might happen, his personal pride must not receive any hurt ! That individual's Christianity would be of the same kind as is possessed by a "Christian nation." PrideŠnational or individualŠand Christianity, are strangers to each other. Pride and God are ene-mies. No man can be a Christian who is not willing to humble himself, to confess his error when he is in the  wrong. The Almighty dwells with him that is of _"a humble and contrite heart." But the proud heart, or the proud nation, God will not suffer. The popular idea of Christianityas belonging to a nation, or government, of this day, is a theory which is completely exploded and dissipated by the obtruding fact of national pride..  AT this writing there is civil war in Kentucky, in the very center of the United States. The governor-elect, Goebel, lies dangerously wounded by the bullet of an assassin, fired from a window of the executive man-sion. Governor Taylor, who claims to have been re-elected, has assembled the State militia about the capi-tal to prevent the session of the legislature, and by proclamation has adjourned that body to meet in a town where only his partisans would be free to act. The legislature, which is in favor of Goebel, are trying to find a place of assembly, but are kept back by the State troops. Meanwhile, Governor elect Goebel has been sworn in, and has issued a proclamation directing the militia to disperse. Thus there are two rival gov-ernments in the State, one supported by the legislature, the courts, and the constitution, and the other by the bullets and bayonets of the troops. It is hoped the sit-uation can be overcome without bloodshed; but all parties are armed in anticipation of an-outbreak which will bring the full realities of civil war. There is talk of the possible need, of Government troops to deal wkith the situation; but the Washington authorities deprecate such an idea, and no Government troops will be sent until it becomes evident that the State cannot preserve order and republican govern-ment by the means at its command. And yet these same Washington authorities have deemed it necessary to send troops to the other side of the earthŠto the far-off island of LuzonŠon the plea that the people there do not know how to govern themselves, and are not entitled to have a chance toshow whether they can govern themselves or not. If theie must be a protect-orate over the people of a foreign land to preserve order and keep them from fighting each other, why not a protectorate over the State of Kentucky for the same reason? Ł Ł It makes no difference what white men may do= how much ignorance,Ł barbarity, or general disregard of civilization they may displayŠso far as concerns their right to govern themselves. That right is not yet called in question, in America, where white men are con-cerned. Yet if the principles which defend human rights are set aside on account of another race of men, it can-not be long before the rights of whitemen are subverted,  by the same influences. For all human rights stand upon one and the same foundation. 