82 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. vice-president of the National Reform Asso-ciation, is helping forward ; and it is this :Š " We must teach in the common schools, in an unsectarian way, the broad, undisputed principles of morals and religi6n as to which good men agree, and thus stop the mouths of those who say that the American common schools may be justly called godless." That is, he will cure the disease either by increasing it, or by introducing another not quite so bad at first, but with the moral cer-tainty that it will soon grow fully as bad. Teach in the schools, says Mr. Cook, those " principles of morals and religion as to which good men agree ; " that is, the " good men" of all denominations, of course, because the teaching is to be wholly unsectarian. And these good men would certainly be the repre-sentative men of the different denominations, as Dr. Schaff, in telling what parts of the Bi-ble should be taught, says :Š "A competent committee of clergymen and laymen of all denominations could make a judicious selection which would satisfy every reasonable demand." That gives it wholly to the church to say what shall or shall not be taught in the pub-lic schools ; and that is precisely the declara-tion of the Catholic Church as quoted from the Catholic World by Joseph Cook himself. If Mr. Cook would confine to Protestants the exercise of this prerogative that is not much re-lief, for the principle is the same as the Catholic, and the exercise of it by a Protestant censor-ship would be scarcely less unbearable than by a Catholic censorship. But it could not be confined even to a Protestant censorship ; for Senator Blair's proposed Constitutional Amendment, which Joseph Cook heartily indorses, distinctly spec-ifies " the Christian religion." Now the lead-ing Protestants acknowledge the Catholic to he an important branch of the Christian re-ligion. Therefore, amongst these " good men " suggested by Mr. Cook, and that "competent committee of clergymen and laymen " men-tioned by Dr. Schaff, there would assuredly be numbered " good " Cardinal Gibbons, and a troop Ł of " good " archbishops and bishops of the Catholic Church. And when it shall have been decided and settled just what prin-ciples of religion shall be taught in the pub-lic schools, they will be such principles as will be satisfactory to the Catholic Church, which will only open the way for the Catho-lic Church to enter the public school and teach the Catholic religion at the public ex-pense.' And that is precisely what Joseph Cook's "remedy " amounts toŠit only fastens the disease more firmly upon the victim. As the principle laid down by him is es-sentially Catholic, it was hardly to be expected that he would leave the subject without sup-porting his Catholic principle by Catholic doc-trine and argument, accordingly he says :Š "With a rule excusing children from any religious exercise to which their parents ob-ject, the private right of conscience need not come into conflict with public rights. It is a legal principle that where the right of society and the right of the individual come into con-flict, the former is deemed paramount. We need not insist on making religious exercises  compulsory against the will of parents; but it is preposterous to Suppose_ that because a Jew objects to our Sabbath laws therefore we must repeal the Sabbath laws for the whole Nation. Shall we' allow the fly to rule the coach-wheel upon which lie happens to sit? " Any public speaker who would count, even by comparison, the consciences and the rights of men, as worthy of no more consideration than a fly, ought not to be listened to. But such views of the consciences and the rights of the minority haye ever been those of the National Reformers, and although Mr. Cook has been a vice-president of the Na-tional Reform Association only about two years, he appears already to be entirely worthy of the position. These views moreover are be-ing popularized very fast by the influential politico-religious leaders, such as Joseph Cook and his W. C. T. U.-Prohibition-National- Reform confreres. A. T. J. al,  Ł -4- That Banished Book. By the exclusion of that little book from the public schools of Boston, there has been revived considerable notice of the subject of indulgences. We have owned, for a number of years, *a copy of the little book that has caused all this stirŠSwinton's " Outlines of the World's History." The passage that has shut out the book, and a teacher with it, from the public schools of Boston, is as follows:Š " When Leo X. came to the Papal chair, he found the treasury of the church exhausted by the ambitious projects of his predecessors. He therefore had recourse to every means which ingenuity could devise for recruiting his exhausted finances, and among these he adopted an extensive sale of indulgences, which in former ages had been a source of large profits to the church. The Dominican friars, having obtained a monopoly of the sale in Germany, employed as their agent Tetzel, one of their own order, who carried on the traffic in a manner that was very offensive, and espe-cially so to the Augustinian friars." To this paragraph in the book there is added the following note:Š " These indulgences were, in the early ages of the church, remissions of the penances im-posed upon persons whose sins had brought scandal on the community. But in process of time they were represented as actual par-dons of guilt, and the purchaser of indulgence was said to be delivered from all his sins." Now we should like for anybody candidly to state where there is anything said in this that should subject the book to banishment from the public schools. It is simply a state-ment of facts, and a very mild statement at that. Whether the treasury of the church had been exhausted by the ambitious projects of Leo's predecessors; or whether it was ex-hausted by his predecessors at all, is a ques-tion upon which it is not necessary to enter, because it is not germane to the subject. The main question is one of simple fact, Was the treasury exhausted ? and did that lead to the traffic in indulgences, which stirred up Luther, and led to the Reformation? Leo's immediate predecessor, Julius II., had spent the whole time of his pontificate Ša little more than nine yearsŠin almost  constant wars, in some of which ,he led the troops himself and acted the part of general. It was he who began the building of the Church of St. Peter at Rome; and he issued a bull granting indulgences to those who would contribute to the project. Although to sustain his wars and alliances the expenses of Julius were enormous, yet he did lea.ve considerable treasure. But even though the treasury was not exhausted by his predeces-sors, it was easy enough for Leo X. to exhaust it, for he was almost a matchless spendthrift. Says Von Ranke " That the Pope should ever keep a thou-sand ducats together was a thing as impossi-ble,' says Francesco Vettori of this pontiff; as that a stone should of its own will take to flying through the air.' He has been re-proached with having spent the revenues of three Popes : that of his predecessor, from whom he inherited a considerable treasure, his own, and that of his successor, to whom he bequeathed a mass of debt."ŠHistory of the Popes, book 4, sec. 2. Says Lawrence :Š "He was the spendthrift son of an opulent parent; he became the wasteful master of the resources of the church." "It was because Leo was a splendid spendthrift, that we have the Reformation through Luther. The Pope was soon again impoverished and in debt. He never thought of the cost of anything; he was lavish without reflection. His wars, in-trigues, his artists and architects, his friends, but above all the miserable Lorenzo [his nephew], exhausted his fine revenues; and his treasury must again be supplied. When he was in want, Leo was never scrupulous as to the means by which he retrieved his af-fairs; he robbed, he defrauded, he begged; he drew contributions from all Europe for a Turkish war, which all Europe knew had been spent upon Lorenzo ; he collected large sums for rebuilding St. Peter's, which were all expended in the same way; in fine, Leo early exhausted all his spiritual arts as well as his treasury."ŠHistorical Studies, pp. 66, 77. The "Encyclopedia Britannica" says that Leo " bequeathed his successors a religious schism and a bankrupt church ; " that "his profusion had impoverished the church, and indirectly occasioned the destruction of her visible unity."ŠArt. Leo X. It is a fact, therefore, that the Papal treasury was ex-hausted. Now to the second question of fact, Did this lead to the sale of indulgences ? Before his coronation as Pope, Leo had entered into an engagement "to issue no brief for collect-ing money for the repair of St. Peter's; " but neither that, nor anything else, was allowed to stand in the way when he wanted money. Says D'Aubigne :Š "Leo was greatly in need of money. . . . His cousin, Cardinal Pucci, as skillful in the art 'of hoarding as Leo in that of lavishing, advised him to have recourse to indulgences. Accordingly, the Pope published a bull an-nouncing a general indulgence, the proceeds of which were, lie said, to be employed in the erection of the Church of St. Peter, that mon-ument of sacerdotal Magnificence. In a letter, dated at Rome, under the seal of the fisher-man, in November, 1517, Leo applies to his commissary of inulgences for one hundred and forty-seven ducats to pay for a manu-script of the thirty-third book of Livy. Of all the uses to which he put the money of , 