94 AMIE ICI CAN Sk.,1NITIP I NT_EJT__A Vol,. 10, No. 12. Laodicea (A. D. 364) . . . first settled the observation of the Lord's day.' The decree was as follows:Š Because Christians ought not to Judaize, and to rest on the Sabbath, but to work that day. Wherefore, if they shall be found to Judaize, let them be accursed from Christ.4  But the law of the Sabbath could be really changed only by the authority that imposed it; and since no man or set of men can be vicegerents of God on earth, therefore this attempted change is a nullity, and is strictly becoming to the mystery of iniquity, as pointed out in Dan. 7:24, 25. Mr. Gray says: " Sunday-keeping rests on apostolic tradition." Over against such a weak argument I set the words of Jesus: " In vain they do worship me, teaching for doc-trines the commandments of men." Matt. 15: 9. " Thus have ye made the command-ment of God of none effect by your tradition." Matt. 15:6. I quote from Mr. Gray again: " Sunday has always been observed as the Lord's day, from the beginning in all the branches of the Holy Catholic Church, Greek, Jacobite, Chal-dean, Coptic, Abyssinian, Anglican, as well as Roman." There never was more falsehood to the square inch than in the above statement. It is utterly without proof. While there are volumes of evidence to the contrary, I will content myself with the testimony of Elias B. Sanford, M. A., in his book, " Concise Cyclopdia of Religious Knowledge, Biblical, Geographical, Theological, Historical, . and Practical. Charles L. Webster & Co., New York, Publishers." This is not a Sabbatarian work. Under article " Medieval Sabbath," I find, the following:Š The Sabbath in the Dark Ages. There has been no period since the time of Christ when there were not Sabbath-keeping Christians in the Church. There is no evidence of any form of observance of Sunday by Christians previous to the middle of the second century. Sabbath-keeping con-tinued in the Western Church as late as the fifth cen-tury, and in the Eastern even as late as the fifteenth century or later. Since Sabbath-keepers denied the authority of the paganized church, they were perse-cuted as hereticsŁby the papal power. The Vaudois, Cathari, Toulousians, Petrobrusians, Passagians, and Waldenses, were not wholly uniform in doctrines and practice, for among them were many seventh-day keepers. The Bohemian Waldenses were the denominational ancestors of modern Seventh-day Baptists. When the Romish Church attempted to proselyte the Abyssinians in the seventeenth century, they found them observing the Sabbath and ready to take up arms in its defense. They had hallowed it from time immemorial., The Armenian Church was founded as early as 302 A. D. ; from that time till English missionaries entered Armenia early in the present century Sabbath-keeping continued without interruption. The Nestorian or Chaldean Christians have also continued their original practice of Sabbath-keeping to the present century; and there is every reason for believing that the Sabbath is still kept in those three branches of the Church, except where modern missionary influence has set it aside. These facts are of the greatest importance, as showing what the earliest practice was, and what it has continued to be, except where the papal church has had power to repress. When the darkness of the Middle Ages began to recede before the light of the Reformation, scat-tered Sabbath-keepers appeared at different points. Their history linked with those who died for their faith and fealty to the law of God during the Dark Ages, makes the chain complete. The above is a part of an extract of said Cyclopedia, and was printed in the columns of the Christian Herald, edited by T. DeWitt Talmage. I cite this merely to show to what lengths of deception a man will go to get around the truth. But without this proof the Word of God would be and is all that any Protestant, es-pecially an Adventist, needs for proof. But in using the arguments of this authOr, you Dissertation on the Lord's Day Sabbath, p. 108. have violated the principles of Protestantism, and of Christianity. In commenting on the protest of the German princes at the Diet of Spires, D'Aubigne's History of the Reforma-tion says, " Instead of these abuses, Protes-tantism sets the power of conscience above the magistrate, and the authority of the Word of God above the visible church. " Your cham-pion sets the visible church above the Word of God. This is papal principle only. The True Protestant Position. Touching this point, Dowling, the Protes-tant historian, says: " The Bible, I say, the Bible only, is the religion of Protestants." Nor is it any account, in the estimation of the genuine Protestant, how early a doctrine originated if it is not found in the Bible. He learns from the New Testament itself that there were errors in the time of the apostles, and that their pens were frequently employed in combating those errors. . . . The con-sistent and true-hearted Protestant, standing upon this rock, " the Bible and the Bible only," can admit no doctrine upon the au-thority of tradition. . . . He, who re-ceives a single doctrine upon the mere author-ity of tradition, let him be called by what name he will, by so doing, steps down from the Protestant rock, passes over the line which separates Protestantism from papacy, and can give no valid reason why he should not receive all the earlier doctrines and ceremonies of Romanism upon the same authority." Believing Jesus when he said, " Thy word, 0 Lord, is truth," we search the Scriptures in vain to find one text whereon to rest the dogma of Sunday or first-day keeping. Mr. Gray, quotes Col. 2: 16, but leaves out the part which condemns his position: " Let Ł no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of a holyday, or of the new moon, or of the Sabbath," and there he stops. Why not be honest and quote the whole text as it reads: " sabbath days: which are a shadow of things to come; but the body is of Christ." No fair-minded man will say the memorial of creation was the shadow of anything. It points backward to creation, not forward. Further, he says: " The Sabbath day pub-lished God's claim to men's homage, and it proclaimed the necessity of attending to our spiritual interests in obedience to the Lord's commands. The Christian use of the first day honors God in like manner." Never. For it is a man-made rival institution, and makes of no effect the commandment of God. On page 28 of this tract, Mr. Gray says: " If we look for any change, or direct com-mand for change from' seventh to first, we shall not find it in the Gospels." This ad-mission is enough for any genuine Protestant. And if the disciples met on Sunday evenings or on any of the other days of the week, it will not set aside the commandment of God. Creation and Recreation. Mr. Gray's talk about redemption being greater than creation, is without foundation. Redemption is creation; for before a man can be redeemed he has to be created anew, and the Sabbath is the sign of the creative power of Christ. " If any man is in Christ, there is a new creation." 2 Cor. 5:17 (R. V., margin). In baptism Christ has established a memo-rial of the resurrection (Rom. 6: 4, 5), which Mr. Gray by using sprinkling has lost. There cannot be two memorials of the same event. Consequently, Episcopalians, Catholics, and many others, having no memorial of the res-urrection, are obliged to have recourse to Book siii, chap. B. Sunday observance, a doctrine which rests on tradition alone. In closing, I appeal to you as individuals who are judgment-bound to come out of Babylon, " that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues." Come out of confusion, and, like Daniel of old, be zealous for the law of your God; for whosoever shall do and teach these command-ments shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven. Matt. 5: 19. " Are you ' doers of the word,' 0, my brothers ? Are you looking for the coming of the Lord ? All in vain your expectations, 0, my brothers, If you be not ' doers of the word.' " FRANK A. FROST. PROTESTANTS HONOR A ROMAN CATHOLIC SAINT. BRADDOCK, Pa., March 9.ŠThe Ministe-rial Association of this city, composed of Catholic and Protestant clergy of all denom-inations, has decided to ring all church bells in the city on St. Patrick's Day.ŠThe World, March .10. A VOICE FROM TEXAS. WHAT a blessing it is that no one religion has a majority of followers in this country. The action of the fanatical Hoboken preachers who tried to throttle free speech, and that of the ignorant Catholic mob at Savannah, who raised a riot because a man and a woman wanted to speak in opposition to their religion, only shows to what extremes religious bigots would go if they only could. The Protestants and Baptists are united in declaring the papal Sunday the Lord's day, and declare that every-body else shall subscribe to the same belief, although they well know, that, from the best information we have, Sunday is the Sabbath of the pagan Constantine, while Saturday is the Sabbath established by the Lord. Strange to say, however, the Catholics do not unite with the Sunday worshipers in enforcing the Catholic day of worship.-- Weekly Star (Mar-shall, Texas), March 6. AN ENGLISH OPINION. CONSCIENTIOUS scruples should always be treated tenderly, however absurd they may seem to those who have to deal with them; and I am, therefore, sorry that some " Sab-bath-day" Christians should have had to suffer in pocket for conscience' sake. There are a few people in this country, but a much larger body in America, who believe as the Jews do that Saturday is a divinely-appointed day of rest, and intended to be observed as such by all men through all time. " The opinion is a very innocent one, and the only mischief it does is that it throws those who hold it " out of gear" with the rest of society, as was shown on Tuesday, when the secretary of the International Tract Society, of Hollo-way Road, appeared to answer a summons for an infraction of the Factory Act, by having employed two women and one young person on a Sunday in last month. It was pleaded in excuse that the institution gave their hands a half-holiday on Friday, and closed the prem-ises on Saturdays, but fines and costs amount-ing together to £3. 18s. were imposed. If they had been Jews they might have claimed the right to work on Sundays under such an arrangement; as they were not, there was no defense. Then it appeared that there were con-scientious objections to paying the fine, which will be recovered therefore by distress. It is a pity some way ant of the diMetilty could not 4  Id. pp. 33, 34, seeable "Two Republics," p. 821. °Dowling's "history of Romanism," nook ii, chap. 1, 