AMERICAN SENTINEL. 205 liquors, or to prevent the sale of malt and spirituous liquors as now provided for by law, or tobacco, cigars, railroad and steamboat tickets, or the collection and de-livery of baggage." It cannot be pretended that this is merely a "civil Sunday" bill, designed to release the laboring classes from the bondage of Sunday toil. Washington is not a city in which a case can be made out for a Sunday bill upon this ground. The bill is plainly religious in char-acter. Any doubt upon this point would be removed by observing that the bill prohibits everything that would disturb "the peace and quiet of the day." Rest for the laboring men or for any others, possibly excepting in-valids, is not dependent upon " the peace and quiet" of the day, so far as these would be affected by the pursuit of ordinary occupations and pleasures. The bill asks Congress to legislate to uphold the Church dogma of Sunday sacredness,Što recognize Sun-day aŁs the weekly Sabbath. That is its real intent, and if this was plainly stated in its title, it would not in the least change its character. THE Boston Boston Post maks note in the following of the insufficiency of legislation to secure what is sought by the advocates of compulsory Sunday rest:Š "Without entering upon a discussion of 'the question whether it is possible to regulate by law the conduct of citizens on Sunday further than it is now regulated, the broader question forces itself upon consideration, whether the freest liberty of the individual does not assure the best and wisest observance of Sunday. The Sabbath, by the command delivered to Moses,Šand which on the highest authority was made for man,'Šis essentially a day of rest. Unnecessary labor is forbidden, in order that the opportunity for rest may not be interfered with. But rest means one thing for some men and altogether another thing for others. "There is the consideration, of course, of the cultiva-tion of man's spiritual nature. The Sabbath pause in secular occupation has from the first been held to be properly devoted to this purpose. It is the day on which men are free to give thought to things above the sordid. occupation of bread winning. But can this be aided by law? The utmost that can be accomplished by authority is to secure to those who are spiritually disposed the free enjoyment of the opportunity afforded by the day of rest, undisturbed by the interference of others. "This the laws undertake to do. And when this is done, all the rest is the work of individual effort,Šthe rendering attractive of church services, the collection of children into Sunday schools, the inspiration of higher thoughts by visitation and ministration among the lowly." And it is pertinent to add that "the free enjoyment of the opportunity afforded by the day of rest, undis-turbed by the interference of others,',' is secured by the laws against disturbing religious meetings, independently of any special legislation for Sunday. It is every man's privilege to rest on Sunday and worship on that day if he chooses, and also to worship at any other time that  he may choose; for worship should certainly not be con-fined to one day in the week. And in this he will be pro-tected from disturbance, whether at the Sunday morning service or at the Wednesday evening prayer-meeting. One law covers both occasions, and it is just as reason-able that a law should be framed especially for the pray-er-meeting, as that one should be framed especially for worship on Sunday. The Christian will worship God on all days and keep the rest day He has instituted, independently of human ordinances or regulations; and the person who will not do this is not a Christian, and cannot be made such by the passage of any law. .• Ł 4 WHAT would seem to be one of the most puzzling questions developed within recent times, is that of the significance of the phrase "entering politics" or other equivalent expressions. During the Presidential cam-paign the preachers in hundreds of pulpits all over the land were preaching politics with all their power, yet we were assured that they had not gone into politics. A minister may exhort his congregation to a certain course of political action, even instructing them how to cast their vote, and yet keep, in his own view at least, outside of politics. The point was well illustrated by this state-ment made by Cardinal Moran, in accepting an invita-tion to be nominated as a member of the forthcoming Australian Convention:Š " It is not my intention on the present occasion, or at any future time, to enter the arena of politics." Upon this an exchange remarks:Š "This is indeed a queer statement for a man to make who has just signified his intention of accepting a nomi-nation to a political position if offered him. A. man might as well talk of going to war and not entering the army, of going into a house and not entering it, or of baking and selling "bread and not entering the bakers' trade, as to talk of standing for an election by the people to a position in civil government and not entering pol-itics. To declare otherwise is to trifle with language and stultify reason. This statement, however, may serve to explain how some men can demand religious legislation and yet assert that Church and State are not thereby united; and how they can advocate religious intolerance and oppression and at the same time declare they are not in favor of religious persecution." A BILL was introduced in the Michigan legislature, March 4, "To prohibit the opening or keeping open of photographic galleries or studios on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, for the purpose of carry-ing on or engaging in the art or calling of photography, or in any work pertaining to the art or calling of a pho-tographer on said first day of the week, commonly called Sunday " The bill exempts "persons who conscien-tiously believe the seventh day of the week should be observed as the Sabbath, and who actually refrain from secular business on that day." 