438 AMERICAN SENTINEL, These apostles of patriotism do not agree concerning the course the nation should pursue. One says, " No nation ever had a more noble cause than that which led us to the Philippines, to Cuba, Porto Rico, and will soon lead us to Spain, where the thunder of our artillery shall strike terror into the hearts of the proud Spaniards, our shells shall silence her batteries and lay her cities in the dust," encouraging the spirit of conquest; but another chimes in with, " A righteous purpose should not be endangered by patriotic ambition. America should not make territorial conquest. To do so is to bring upon us sin's reproach. I make no objection to reimbursing our-selves for actual outlay but to make conquest for one penny.additional is to belittle ourselves before God and men." And thus it goes, confusion upon confusion, and that too at the very time of all times when the ministers should stand as faithful watchmen on the walls of Zion, sounding the invitation to the marriage supper of the Lamb. "Blessed is he that watcheth and keepeth his garments." A "Declaration of Dependence." THE "National Christian Citizenship League" has published a "Declaration of Dependence," for which it would like to have the indorsement of all American citi. tens, or at bast of a sufficient majority to give it national recognition. It was written by President M. Woolsey Stryker, of Hamilton College. It reads as f olŁ lows:Š "God alone is the author of being and the head of nations. His service alone is liberty. Law has its au-thority and its sanctions in him. Freedom, security, truth, concord, peace, are his gifts. Obedience to him comprehends and guarantees all personal and all public blessings. "Therefore we, the citizens of the United States of America, do pronounce this Declaration of Dependence upon his gracious care and government.,  "We acknowledge his revelation of human duty and hopes, declared in the Son of man as the Redeemer of all souls and of all peoples, and we affirm that the gospel of God has been and shall increasingly be the light of the world. "We avow our singular history to have been an exhi-bition of his merciful providence, and we hold our land, our government, our resources, to be a holy trust for the blessing of all mankind. The peoples of the earth are the wards of God's love, and their enlightenment and re-ponsibility to God alone must be the goal and true glory of nations. "We implore this Supreme Ruler to vindicate Himself anew in overruling the forces of unrest and hate, and in hastening the abolition of war with its attendant cruelties and burdens. "We declare that the law of Christ is the only solvent of false conditions, and that its application to all rela-tions affords the only security against social disaster and international catastrophe. Whatever is unmindful of  God's one Fatherhood, and man's one brotherhood thereunder, is the foe of order, of justice, and of the free-doms so hardly won. "We confess our personal and national sins against this Blessed and only Potentate. We deplore our unmind-fulness of his promises and his patience. We entreat his pardons and his gracious recovery of our alienation and his merciful succor that we may yet abide his whole decree. "We humbly supplicate his grace that our rulers and magistrates may become such as fear him, and that in all our communities a new spirit of righteousness may live and abound. And therefore we do pledge ourselves to seek those ways which exalt a nation, and to resist the selfish and corrupt forces which lie against the Creator and frustrate the common good. "That 'his will may be done on earth' we will unite our hearts, our thoughts and our hands; and to this Declaration and testimony we offer our lives, our fortunes and our honor. So help us God!" This "Declaration of Dependence" says, in principle, exactly the opposite of what is said in the Declaration of Independence. This will be evident upon examination. The Declaration of Independence asserts that all men are created equal, and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, to preserve which govern-ments are instituted among men; and that governments derive their just powersfrom the consent of the governed. But this Christian citizenship document asserts that citizens of the United States must be Christians. "We, the citizens of the United States, do pronounce this Declaration," etc. It denies to all others the right to be citizens of this nation. And thus denying to them parti-cipation in the affairs of the government, it denies that all men have those rights which are affirmed in the Declaration of Independence. Only "Christians" parti-cipating in the government, and applying the "law of Christ" in governmental procedure, the "consent of the governed" would become the consent of "Christians" only; and all others might be governed without their consent and forced to conform to "Christian" laws of the government, or they could emigrate to some distant and more hospitable land. The government founded upon the principles of the Declaration of Independence gives equal rights to all persons, without distinction of race or sect. By those principles. it has grown great, and by them its greatness, if not lost, will be maintained. It is strange that many people do not seeŠor profess not to seeŠthat what would be proper and fitting for an individual, or for a church, in respect of an acknowledg-ment of dependence upon God, would be an utterly im_ proper policy for a civil government. The government represents force, coercion, and cannot combine with religion without bringing coercion to bear upon some at least in religious matters. And this is directly contrary to Christianity. CHRISTIANITY still shuns the road to popularity. 