264 THE A.114E,RICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 5, No. 33. NEW YORK, AUGUST 21, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. A DISPATCH from Plainfield, New Jersey, says:Š Determined to give the horses a weekly day of rest, local humanitarians have announced their intention of putting an effectual stop to Sunday driving. Plainfield has fifty miles of macadamized driveways, and every pleasant Sunday these are thronged with coaching parties. Many of these Sunday-driven horses are in use every day. Whether these horses are to rest upon a purely secular basis or not, is not stated. THE State Secretary of the Sunday Union, for Iowa, has undertaken the publi-cation of an eight page monthly, devoted solely, as it says, to the question, " Shall we protect the Christian Sabbath, or sur-render it to the organized opposition." That the Pearl of Days has now two coadjutors, one in the middle West, and another on the Pacific coast, the latter edited by the State Secretary of the Sun-day Union, for California, marks the steady growth of the movement to accomplish religious legislation; and should stimulate to more faithful effort those who fore-see the final outcome; that the truth of this question may be presented before the people while their minds are still free to consider it, and while there is still opportunity for full and untrammeled discussion. ABOUT a year ago, Rev. J. M. Foster, one of the National Reform Secretaries, published an article in the Christian Statesman, in which, referring to the Jef-fersonian theory of government, he said :Š That theory is dead and buried long ago. There is only one theory accepted among political philoso-phers now: "There is no power but of God; the powers that be are ordained of God." As every American knows, the Jeffer-sonian theory of government is that set forth in the Declaration of Independence, that governments are for the purpose of securing human rights, and that they derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, that is, from the people. This, Mr. Foster denies in the above quota-tion; but in the Christian Statesman, of June 5, Rev. R. C. Wylie, another Na-tional Reform Secretary, has an article in the form of a catechism, in which he says:Š Question. What is the origin of that authority possessed by the Government to enact and enforce law ? Answer. The authority possessed by the Gov-ernment to enact and enforce law, is derived di-rectly from the people. This is sound doctrine, but it is not genuine National Reform doctrine; it is simply a National Reform concession to the American idea of government. " SUNDAY laws," says the Colorado Graphic, "are not passed in the interest of temperance. They are passed in the in-terest of a certain class of so-called Chris-tians, who wish to tear down the beautiful structure Christ built, to gratify their self-ish, clannish, dogmatic reasoning They even grossly insult fellow-Christians who oppose Sunday legislation, and totally ignore the Hebrews. The question of Sunday observance is something with which no government, no State, no city, no town should meddle. The observance of Sunday as a day of rest is a beautiful custom, but its enforcement at the muzzle of a national, a State, or a municipal law is as obnoxious and uncalled for, as the enforcement of church attendance, or fam-ily prayers, by the same means." BISHOP VINCENT is reported as haying said, in a late address at Chautauqua :Š I do not believe that the church of to-morrow ought to be a political church. When the Method-ist Episcopal Church, which I humbly represent, begins a political career, urges the passage of cer-tain laws and measures which will be for her spe-cial advantage, and hers alone, I am done with that church, and am her bitterest enemy. The Bishop's first sentence lays down a general principle; in his second, he applies it to his personal relation to the denomi-nation of which he is a member; and in doing so he emphasizes his antagonism to a political church as a whole and in prin-ciple. The Bishop is right. As he is a fol-lower of Christ and a lever of true relig-ion, so is he a bitter enemy of political hy-pocrisy and legal formality. No clearer and more certain evidence can be found, and no truer general cri-terion laid down, of the purity of a man's religion, than the mutual enmity which exists between him and a political church. THE Supreme Court of Maine has lately been called upon to decide a case, in which was involved the horrible offense of " rid-ing upon Sunday for exercise, and for no other purpose." The question was, whether such a startling act as this could be committed in Maine without violating the statute in relation to the observance of "the Lords day ?" After wrestling with the question for a season, the Court set forth the following :Š In O'Connell vs Lewiston, 65 Me. 34, and David-son vs Portland, 69 id. 116, it was held that walking out in the open air upon the Sabbath for exercise is not a violation of the statute. In other jurisdic-tions, also, it has been held not to be unlawful to ride to a funeral (Horne vs Meakin, 115 Mass. 326);  walking to prepare medicine for a sick child (Gor-man vs Lowell,-  117 id. 65); riding to visit a sick sister (Cronin vs Boston, 136 id. 384); traveling to visit a sick friend (Doyle vs Railroad Company 118 id., 195); a servant riding to prepare needful food for her employer (King vs Savage, 121 id. 303); a father riding to -visit his two begs (M'Clary vs Lowell, 44 Vt 116); walking for exercise (Hamil-ton vs Bostoi-4 14 Allen 475); and' walking partly for exercise and partly to make a social call (Barker vs Worcester, 139 Mass. 74). The statute was never intended as an arbitrary interference with the com-fort and conduct of individuals, when necessary to the promotion of health, in walking or riding in the open air for exercise. The prohibition is against unnecessary walking or riding. As a general rule the jury, under proper instructions from the court, must determine this question from the circumstan-ces presented to them. What a travesty of every sound princi-ple of law, of justice, and of government it is, to see the Supreme Court of a State gravely spending its time in interpreting a; statute that by any possibility. could in-volve such a question as this ! " THE Sunday question," says the Po-litical World, of London, " has cropped up in New South Wales, where it appears there are some pious people who think it wicked to indulge in innocent amuse-ment and recreation on Sundays. Curi-ously enough an old imperial act of George III., making Sunday entertain-ments illegal, has been found by the courts to apply to the Colony. A well-known colonial theatrical manager has been fined for contravention of this moldy statute. But the victory gained in the law courts by the promoters of the proceedings, is after all, a doubtful advantage, seeing that this attempt to revive antiquated statutes was strongly condemned by the judges, who, indeed, expressed themselves in favor of a reform of the law so that the subject of a Sunday entertainment might be placed on a footing more in accordance with the general view of the present day." ALL denominations have the right to sustain their own parochial schools, if they please, but should keep their secta-rianism out of the common schools. In-deed, an intelligent friend to the Bible, and the civil rights of our country, will not urge the idea of scripture reading in our public schools.ŠJudge Thomas Bar-low. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious, It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY, PER YEAR, POST-PAID, . . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. 