370 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. the United States, just what God has enjoined in this respect, it is perfectly in order for us to read for ourselves what, in practice as well as in principle, God has really enjoined. As related in the third chapter of Dan-iel, the King of Babylon once set up a great image and called a grand general assembly of the people to celebrate the dedication of it. On the set day all were commanded to bow down and worship the golden image. There were three Jews who flatly refused. By " a sort of facti-. tious advantage" the worshipers of the image had " the aid of the civil law, and adhered to that advantage with great te-nacity in spite of the clamor for religious freedom." The image-worshipers there-fore insisted that these three "non-conform-mists" should be conformists, as they were " required, every one of them to comply " with this certain ceremony. The dissenters refused to comply. By the image-worshipers this refusal was held to be a defiant setting up of the dissenters' " non-observance by an osten-tatious display of their disrespect for the feelings or prejudices of others." And as the dissenters were held to be " ostenta-tiously" refusing "for purposes of empha-sizing their distaste for or their disbelief in the custom" of image-worship, they were "made to suffer for their defiance by per-secutions, if you call them so, on the part of the great majority" of image-worship-ers, who would compel them to worship when they worshiped. The penalty of the law was that whoever should refuse to worship the image, should be cast into a burning fiery, fur-nace. As the image-worshipers were very tenacious of their " sort of factitious ad-vantage " they prosecuted the three non-conformists. And what made the image-worshipers yet more tenacious of their " sort of factitious advantage " was the fact that the dissenters not only refused to conform, but maintained the inalienable right to dissent from every phase of the proposed custom. When prosecuted, the non-conformists, in open court, refused to conform and asserted their right to refuse. The judge declared to them distinctly the alternative that "If ye fall down and worship the image . . . well, but if ye worship not, ye shall be cast the same hour into the midst of a burning fiery furnace; and who is that God that shall deliver you out of my hands ?" The three non-conformists replied to the judge, "We are not careful to an-swer thee in this matter. If it be so our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he, will deliver us out of thy hand. But if not, be it known unto thee that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou haat set up." The judge was naturally inclined to favor the image-worshipers, and as public  opinion was clearly on their side too, he was not willing to admit that the prison-ers could shelter themselves just yet be-hind the doctrines of religions freedom in defying the existence of a law and its application to thoEun which was distasteful to their " own religious feeling or fanati-cism " that it was their right to worship according to the dictates of their own con-sciences; he held that as the law had commanded in due form the observance of this rite, it must be obeyed as man's law, if not as God's law. It is true the thing which the dissenters were doing was "harmless in itself," but that could not be allowed any weight, because the law commanded it, and therefore there was a certain immorality in refusing obedi-ence to the laws of one's country, subjec-tion to which God himself had enjoined. Therefore, " full of fury " and with " the form of his visage changed," the judge commanded that the furnace should be heated seven times hotter than usual, and that the prisoners should be remanded to its fierce embraces. The judge was the king himself, and no sooner was his judgment executed, and the men cast into the flames, than he was more astonished than ever before in his life. He " rose up in haste, and spake, and said unto his counsellors, Did not we cast three men bound into the midst of the fire? They answered and said unto the king, True, 0 King. He answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walk-ing in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God." Then the king called to the non-conformists, "Ye ser-vants of the most high God, come forth, and come hither." The king had learned something, for he spake and said : " Blessed be the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, who hath sent his angel, and delivered his servants that trusted in him, and have changed the king's word, and yielded their bodies, that they might not serve nor wor-ship any god, EXCEPT THEIR OWN GOD." The king had learned that God had not enjoined subjection to the laws of the coun-try in any thing that pertained to the rights of the individual to worship. He had learned that when the laws of the country prohibit that which is harmless in itself, and thus interfere with the right of the individual to enjoy his God-given rights, then it is the law that is wrong, and not the action of the person who dis-regards the law : and that therefore the proper thing to do is to change the law, not to punish the harmless individual. Yes, King Nebuchadnezzar, heathen though he was, learned that much twenty-four hun-dred and ninety-one years ago. And when the Declaration of Independence, and the Constitutions of the United States and of the several States have embodied for this whole Nation this same doctrine, in the words, " All men are created equal and  are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness," and " No human power can in any case control or interfere with the rights of conscience," it is scarcely to the credit of a judge of a court of the United States that he should be farther behind the times than was the heathen Nebuchadnezzar nearly twenty-fife hundred years ago. Nor is this the only example in illustra-tion of the principle; another is found in Dan. 6 :4-22. About sixty -five years later, in the reign of Darius the Mede, some arrogant religionists again by "a sort of factitious advantage secured = the aid of the civil law." Consequently again a thing harmless in itself was forbidden by law, and man's law presumed to dic-tate as to when and how men should wor-ship. There was a single non-conformist who again " ostentatiously displayed his distaste for and his disbelief in the cus-tom," sought to be enforced by law. He too was made to suffer for his defiance " by persecutions on the part of the great majority." He was cast into a den of lions.. But the next morning afterward, he was able to announce that " God hath sent his angel and hath shut the lions' mouths that they have done me no hurt, forasmuch as innocency was found in me, and also before thee, 0 King, have I done no hurt." Again God declares the man innocent who disregards any law touching religious exercises, or prohibiting in such connec-tion, that which is harmless in itself. Again God demonstrated that he has not enjoined subjection to the laws of one's country in any such things as these, or in any such sense as that. About five hundred and sixty years afterward occurred another example illus-trating the same thing. Again some re-ligionists by " a sort of factitious advan-tage " had the aid of the civil law, and " adhered to that advantage with great tenacity in spite of the great clamor for religious freedom." " Then the high-priest rose up, and all that were with him, and were filled with indignation, and laid hands on the apostles, and put them in the common prison. But the angel of the Lord by night opened the prison doors, and brought them forth, and said, Go, stand and speak in the temple to the peo-ple all the words of this life." Acts 5 :17-20. Thus again it is shown not only that God never enjoined any such thing as Judge Hammond says he has, in the sense there argued, but that he has positively enjoined the opposite. In short, by these evidences, and volumes more that might be produced, it is demonstrated that the Judge's assumption, of the prerogative of officially declaring what God has enjoined, is about as wide of the mark as is his like attempt authoritatively to declare what the " religious feelings," " beliefs and 