180 AMERICAN SENTINEL:  On being court-martialled; he was given the above sett-. fence. Christ said, "All they that take the sword shall per-ish with the sword." Matt. 26:52. As a positive com-mand, he also said, "Resist not evil; but whosoever shall smite thee on the right cheek, turn to him the other also." Matt. 5:39. Now, we know nothing of the young Hunga-rian's life, except what is told in the newspaper para-graph; but we do know that in that one thing he acted according to the precept of Christ; therefore it is an un-deniable, fact that he is now undergoing a cruel punish-ment for nothing else than for being a Christian, for fol-lowing Christ. "But no government on earth could exist, if all men should act as this young man did, and refuse to bear arms," is the universal cry. Of course they could not, and the sentence passed upon the young man is strictly in accordance with the law. There must be soldiers as long as there are earthly governments; but that very fact shows that these governments are not Christian, but anti-Christian. Let no one decry human government, or revile sol-diers; everybody has a right to be a soldier, who wishes to be one. The Christian must speak evil of no man, nor of men united to form a government; but every loyal follower of Christ is in duty bound to give a clear testi-mony as to what Christianity is, and, so far as his influ-ence extends, to make it impossible for anybody to sup-pose that in killing men, or in learning to do so, he is serving Christ. Christ's kingdom is not of this world; therefore his servants do not fight. John 18:36. Earthly governments cannot exist without fighting; therefore they are directly opposite in character to that of Christ, the Prince of Peace. "The weapons of our warfare are not carnal." "If any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed." 1 Peter 4:16. "We Ought to Obey God Rather than Men." BY MRS. E. G. WHITE. CHRIST declared of the Jews, "In vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men." This is being done to-day. The commandments of men are exalted, and men are trying to force their fellow-men to render obedience to them. But in no case are we to take the word of men before the Word of God. "We ought to obey God rather than men," declared Peter. And Christ in his sermon on the mount, spoke clearly and distinctly regarding the importance of God's command-ments. INTEGRITY OF GOD'S LAW. "Think not," he said, "that I am come to destroy the law or the prophets; I am not come to destroy, but to. fulfill. For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or o'ne tittle shall in no, wise passfrom the law till all be fulfilled. Whosoever therefore shall  break one of these least commandment's, and shalt teach men so, he shall' be called the least in the kingdom,  of heaven; but Whosoever shall do and, teach thein, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven." But God-never compels men to obey him. Together truth and error take the field. The light shines forth amid moral darkness: and men are left to choOse their own leader. After the king of Babylon had witnessed the wonder-ful deliverance wrought by God for his faithful servants, and had seen the men walk unhurt from the fire, he pub-lished a decree that anyone speaking a word against the God of heaven, who had so wonderfully saved his serv-ants, should be cut in pieces; "because," he declared, "there is no other God that can deliver after this sort." Thus, through the deceiving power of the enemy, God's truth is misinterpreted and misapplied, and his way con-fused by human inventions. NO RIGHT OF COMPULSION. The king had a right to worship the God of heaven, and to do all in his power to exalt him above other gods; but he had no right to use his authority in compelling his subjects to change from the worship of idols to the worship of the true God. He had no more right to threaten men with death for not worshiping the true God, than he had to make the decree consigning to the flames all who refused to worship the golden image. To-day, as in the days of Babylon, the accuser of the brethren, is working through human agencies to hurt and destroy those who are dear to the Lord. Men in power do not realize that they cannot in justice control the minds of their fellow-men, and Satan works through them to corrupt right-dealing. Those who try to keep the commandments of God will meet with much opposi-tion. Satanic attributes will take possession of the hearts of men, making them as hard as steel: and all who depart from evil will make themselves a prey to the hatred of those that refuse to obey the law of God. But when the state forms laws directly opposed to the laws of Jehovah, and thus strives to compel men to obey them, it is following the example set by the king of Babylon. When it takes the guardianship of the reli-gious interests of the nation, a spirit of intolerance is manifested if men seek to practice the truth, which, by earnest study, they have found in God's Word. Those who are actuated by such a spirit of oppression cannot understand what religious liberty means. GOD SUPREMF. Every man has a right to worship God according to his own convictions; no one is called upon to obey laws that are opposed to the laws of God; and the only posi-tion the state can take, and have the approval of God, is to guard the rights of every individual, permitting no oppression to come upon any one because of religious belief. As Nebuchadnezzar tried to force his subjects to obey his mandates, so men will try to force us to disregard the 