718 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTIc I THE SIGNS 'OF THE TIMES.-,,  MOST of our readers are doubtless familiar with the Signs of the Times, published in Oakland, Cal., but probably all have not seen the ""Outlook " num-ber, bearing date of November 28, and now ready. This is a double number filled with most interes-ting and timely articles. The paper is most hand somely illustrated with original drawings. The fol-lowing are among the important articles in the " Outlook " number of the Signs: "The Gospel Out-look," " A Nineteenth Century Review," " The Eu-ropean Outlook," " The Church and State Outlook," "The Papal outlook," "The American Outlook," "The Protestant Outlook," "The Mission's Out-look," "The Christian's Outlook," etc. There are also two excellent original poems," Columbia, Where Leadest Thou?" and "The Bridegroom Cometh." This latter is set to appropriate music. The Signs is always good, but this number is especially so, and ought to have a wide circulation. This will be a double number-36 pages, includ-ing the cover. Single copy, io cents; 5 to 20 copies, 5 cents; 25 or more copies, 4 cents each. Sent singly to lists of not less than five names, 5 cents each. Address Signs of the Times, Oakland, Cal. OUR OVERFURNISHED HOMES. Health, Comfort, and Good Taste are Sacrificed for Display in American Houses. " MORE simplicity in our homes would make our lives simpler," writes Edward Bok in a plea for the exercise of better taste in furnishing our homes in the November Ladies' Home Journal. " Many women would live fuller lives because they would have more time. As it is,'hundreds of women of all positions in life are to-day the Slaves of their homes and what they have crowded into them. Comfort is essential to our happiness; but with comfort we should stop. Then we are on the safe side. But we get on and over the danger line when we go beyond. Not one-tenth of the things that we think are essential to our happiest living are really so. In fact we should be an infinitely happier and healthier people if the,  nine-tenths were taken out of our lives. It is as-tonishing how much we can do without and be, a thousand times the better for it, and it doesn't re-quire much to test this gospel of wisdom. We need only, to be natural; to get back to our real, inner selves. Then we are simple. It is only because we have got away from the simple and the natural that so many of our homes are cluttered up as they are,  and our lives full of little things that are not worth the while. We have bent the knee to show, to did-play, and we have lowered ourselves in doing it; surrounded ourselves with the trivial and the use-less, and filling our lives with _the poison of arti-ficiality and the unnatural we have pushed the real, the natural, the simple, the beautifulŠthe best, and most lasting thingsŠout of our lives." LIVINfi FOUNTAINS OR; BROKEN CISTERNS, An Educational Problem for Protestants. wit rothis volume is considered that greatest of all problems, the education of the children and youth. It contains the history f the two systems of education, Pagan and Christian. ' The cause of the failure and apostasy of Israel, the early church, the Reformers, and modern Protestants, also the weak-ness of the remnant church, can be traced to no other source, and amounted for on no other grounds than the Pagan methods and wrong principles of education instilled into the minds and hearts of the children and youth of past ages and the present generation. Would you know and understand the true principles of Christian Education for to-day? Secure at once a copy of "Liv-ing Fountains or Broken Cisterns, an Educational Problem for Protestants." Read,  it, and ponder its' teac 'ngs in your heart. It contains 427 pages, printed From ,,substantially bound in cloth. Price .$1.25. BATTLE CHEER, MICH., May 29, 1900 I have read the MS. of Prof. E. A. Sutherland's new book, "Living Fountains or Broken Cisterns, an Educational Prob-lem for. Protestants," and I am convinced that it is the book for our churches and 'our schools. Everyone who reads the book must be convinced that there are now two systems of education ; one Christian and the other Pagan. The one leading to the knowledge of God and the other to doubt and infidelity. I,. A. Hoongs, Sec. Gen. Conf. "DESIRE OF AGES" TRADE EDITION Is printed onŁ thin paper, making it just the right size for general reading, and to carry when traveling. Not illustrated, but contains the complete text' of the large, beautiful subscription edition, including frontis-piece, general and Scriptural indexes, and appendix. We publish the trade edition of " Desire of AgeS " at the earnest solicitation of our many patrons who desire this newly written -account of the Life of the Great Teacher in a compact form, and at a moderate price. We believe that these two features are fully met in our effort, and that this trade edition is all that could be desired ; and the price brings it within the reach of the multitudes. It contains 1,042 pages ; is handsomely and substantially bound. Price, in cloth $1.50 Full leather, round corners  2.00 Send Your Orders to the Review and Herald Pub. Co., Battle'Creek, Mich. 