BOO VOL. 8, 1o. 881 for it has bided its time until all professed orthodox Christianity is ready to return to the feet of " Mother Churchi" bringing the remainder of paganism with it, But even among non-Christians an occa-sional dissenter is found and the Parlia-tient listened to onel  most nobly out-spoken, in the person of the Japanese Buddhist, Itinza binge M. Harai. This gentleman, who is a man of learning and ability, speaking English with fluency and accuracy, and evidently well informed upon the civil and religious polity of English speaking people, declared. unhesi-tatingly :Š If any person should claim that there are many people in Japan who speak and write against Christianity, I am not a hypocrite, and I will frankly state that I was the first in my country who ever publicly attacked ChristianityŠno, not real Christianity but false Christianity ; the wrongs done toward us by the people of Christendom. If any reprove the Japanese because they have had strong antichristian societies, I will honestly de-clare that I was the first in Japan who ever organ-ized a society against ChristianityŠno, not against real Christianity, but to protect ourselves from false Christianity and the injustice which we receive from the people of Christendom. This fearless Japanese told of wrongs which Japan had suffered from the nations which claim to constitute " Christendom," and said :Š One of the excuses offered by foreign nations is that our country is not yet civilized. Is it the principle of civilized law that the rights and profits of the so-called uncivilized, or the weaker, should be sacrificed ? As I understand it, the spirit and the necessity of law is to protect the rights and welfare of the weaker against the aggression of the stronger ; but I have never learned in my studies of law that the weaker should be sacrificed for the stronger. Another kind of apology comes from the religious source, and the claim is made that the Japanese are idolaters and heathen. . . . Admitting, for the sake of argument, that we are idolaters and heathen, is it Christian morality to trample upon the rights and advantages of a non-Christian nation, coloring all their natural happi-ness with the dark stain of injustice ? I read in the Bible, " Whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also; " but I cannot discover there any passage which says, " Whoso-ever shall demand justice of thee, smite his right cheek, and when he turns, smite the other also." Again, I read in the Bible, " If any man will sue thee at law, and take away thy coat, let him have thy cloak also;" but I cannot discover there any passage which says, " If thou shalt sue any man at the law, and take away his coat, let him give thee his cloak also." . . . We are very often called barbarians, and I have heard and read that Japanese are stubborn and cannot understand the truth of the Bible. I will admit that this is true in some sense, for, though they admire the eloquence of the orator and wonder at his courage, though they approve his logical argument, yet they are very stubborn and will not join Christianity as long as they think it is a West-ern morality to preach one thing and practice another. This is a noble dissent. The conclusion which Mr. Harai has reached is the inevi-table deduction from the theory that the peoples of so-called Christendom consti-tute " Christian nations," and therefore are exemplars, in their governmental pol-icy, of Christianity. Thus it is that this theory antagonizes those whom the gospel should reach. On Sunday, September 17th, Rev. A. H. Lewis, D.D., of Plainfield, N. J., spoke in the Parliament on " The Divine Element in the Weekly. Rest Day." One strong para-graph from the Doctor's address is as fol- lows:Š Another decided hindrance to the recognition of the divine element in the weekly rest day is reli-ance on the civil law for the enforcement of its observance. This point is worthy of far more care-ful and scientific consideration than it has yet received. The vital divine element in the weekly rest 9  :,e4iminAtsd when it is made a " civil stitution." The vercillita-hist6ry on thiS point is unmistakable, uniform and imperative. Any argument is deceptive and destructive if it places  the rest day on a par with those civil institutions that spring from the relations which men sustain to each other in organized Society. The funda-mental difference is so great that the same treat-ment cannot be accorded to each. Civil institu-tions Spring from earthly relations between men. But, as we have seen, duration is so essentially an attribute of God, that man's relations to it and to God are relations supremely religious. Hence it is that when civil authority is made the ground, or the prominent ground of obligation to observe the weekly rest day, the question ceases to be a religious one. It is taken out of the realm of conscience, and of spiritual relations, and put on an equality with things human and temporary. This brings ruin, and nothing good can be built thereon by any sort of indirection, or by compromise. Men inevitably cease to keep the Godward side of the question in sight, when " the law of the land" is presented as the main point of contact. The ultimate appeal is not to Csar, but to God; to conscience, not to Congress. Here is the fatal weakness of " Modern Sabbath Reform." History sustains these conclusions with one voice. No weekly rest day has ever been religiously or sa-credly kept under the authority of the civil law alone. On the contrary, the religious element is always destroyed by the supposed protection of civil law. When conscience, springing from the recog-nition of the divine element is wanting, nothing higher than holidayism can be reached. The weekly rest day loses its sacredness and its power to uplift and bless whenever divine authority and the sanctity which flows therefrom are separated from it. Such dissent from error and outspoken expressions of truth as these two brave dissenters have voiced in this greatest re-ligious council of the ages should be heard by some,Šshould cause some to stop and think,Što ponder whether or no the reali-ties of truth are not really of the highest importance, and the theories of a man-made religious philosophy, with all its attendant evils and errors, to be antago-nized with, no less zealous effort than that to which the earnest Japanese pledges himself. W. H. M. Chicago, Sept. 18. No Moral Power but of God. NOT only is the State powerless to con-trol sin and enforce morality, but the individual is powerless to control sin in his own person. No person can by any exercise of strength, will, or resolution, break the power that sin has in his own life. Every human attempt to cope with sin has proved a failure and is destined to be so. How then can a State do for its citizens what no man can do for himself ? How could a community of lepers legislate the disease out of their midst ? As well may civil government undertake to coun-teract the evils of the human heart. They have tried it in years gone by, but the attempt has made martyrs or hypocrites of the subjects, and monsters of the zealots. The only force that can oppose the power of evil is that represented by the gospel of Christ. " It is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Rom.1 : 16. Only the power of God can match the power of Satan. But God works by different methods than those employed by the State. The latter accom-panies its behests by no persuasions. It does not entreat obedience and respect. It lays its strong hand upon the offender with an unmistakable "come along," that has no savor of mercy or forbearance. But not such are the methods of divine goodness. Says Paul: "Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us; we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God." Says Christ : " Behold I stand at the door and_knock ;_if any, man hear my voice, and opan the door, I will come in to him and will sup with him, and he with me."  The Father says : " I have loved thee with an everlasting love; therefore with lovingkindness have I drawn thee." These words represent the spirit of the gospel. Moral principle can only be culti-vated by moral influences. A good char-acter can only be formed by a voluntary choice of the good, and then the will must be mightily assisted by the grace of God. Faith in Christ as the Saviour from sin brings the soul into connection with divine strength and breaks the bondage of sin. G. C. TENNEY. Religious and Civil Liberty in Pennsyl- vania. [From the chapter on "Civil and Religious Liberty," in "Memoirs of Alexander Campbell."] (Continued.) As Mr. Campbell frequently visited his mother and the family, now living near Middletown, he soon became well ac-quainted with the facts .and principles developed during the operation of these "Moral Societies;" but, though indignant at such invasions of personal and public freedom, he, for some time, forebore to notice them, as he lived in an adjoining State, where such things had no existence. As matters grew worse, however, and no one in Washington County seemed willing or able to undertake the matter, he deter-mined at length to interfere, and on the 27th of April, 1820, he published an arti-cle, under the signature of "Candidus," in which he criticised an address previously issued by the " Moral Society of Middle-town." In this piece he first satirized, in his peculiar way, the moral state of Mid-dletown, which was thought to demand such remedies, and then exposed the con-duct of some leading member of the Moral Society, who were themselves guilty of raffling, taking part in "shooting matches" for gain, etc. He then attacks the princi-ple on which the societies acted, viz., that fining men for their vices would make them moral. " When they pay dear for their sins," says he, " they will, from principles of avarice, become morally correct ! . . . . And what becomes of the fines ? Oh ! they are given to some pious clergyman to be applied to the education of young men for the ministry. Go on, therefore, in your misdeeds, ye profane, for the more you sin the more preachers we will have." . . . . As may be readily supposed, this article created quite a sensation. The Society at Middletown immediately appointed a com-mittee to make a reply to it, which was published in the Reporter, in which, in-stead of defending the principles of the society, raised against "Candidus" the cry of "a friend to immorality," etc., and attempted to browbeat and intimidate him. To this effusion, hOwever, the latter very promptly replied, disavowing the improper motives attributed to him, and fully admitting and asserting the claims of morality. He boldly claims the right, however, to "animadvert on those who, unsolicited, mount the judgment-seat and presume to deal rash judgment round the land on every one they suppose able to pay for his transgression." He then goes on to show that such Moral Societies are " anti-evangelical, anti-constitutional and anti-rational;" he says he has as good a right to sit in judgment on them as they have on their fellow-citizens. His first position, that they are anti-evangelical, 