.:. The Story of .:. itealrn rsiand BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. PITCAIRN ISLAND, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory Reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects, than a romance. But most if not all of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary, or incorrect and misleading. It will be in-teresting to the friends of that miniature world to know that An Authentic History has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. The title of the new work appears above. It is written by Miss Rosa Young, one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book, of 256 pages, is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pit-cairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a Charming Simplicity of Style which refreshes the reader and invites a continued peru-sal. This work is illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. PRICE $1.00, POSTPAID. Thousands cane  be sold by those who will canvass their neighborhood. Address any State Tract Society, or Pacific Press Publishing Company, Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. New York City. CAVEATS—TRADE MARKS COPYRIGHTS. CAN' I OBTAIN A PATENT? For a prompt answer and an honest opinion, write to M UNN & CO., who have had nearly fifty years' experience in the patent business. Communica-tions strictly confidential. A Handbook of In-formation concerning Patents and how to ob-tain them sent free. Also a catalogue of mechan-ical and scientific books sent free. Patents taken through Munn & Co. receive special notice in the Scientific American, and thus are brought widely before the public with-out cost to the inventor. This splendid paper, issued weekly, elegantly illustrated, has by far the largest circulation of any scientific work in the world. $3 a year. Sample copies sent free. Building Edition, monthly, $2.50 a year. Single copies, 25 cents. Every number contains beau-tiful plates, in colors, and photographs of new houses, with plans, enabling builders to show the latest designs and secure contracts. Address MUNN & CO., NEW YORK, 361 Bst0AnWAIr. SEPTEMBER 12, 1895. A.IVICIW Eta c.A INT siH,NrritiNTILI. 287 in the county run the same on Sunday as any other day, and the jail in which these men are Confined is shook twenty times a day each Sunday by the passage of that number of trains, while a switching engine and crew are working all day long in easy hearing distance. . . . The writer is far from being an Adventist, but he hopes that these prisoners may have the courage and fortitude to stay in the Rhea County jail until they rot, rather than surren-der one hair's breadth of their religious free-dom. It is to be noted that Rhea County is invit-ing immigration. We would as soon think of moving to Armenia. Worthy of the Dark Ages. [Dubuque (Iowa) Trade Journal.] THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, New York, in-forms the world that " eight honest, conscien-tious Seventh-day Adventists of Rhea County, Tenn., have been condemndd to serve terms of from seventy-five to ninety days in the county jail at Dayton, Tenn., for doing com-mon labor on SundayŠlabor which disturbed no other person's private or public devotion. It has also been decided to work these honest .men in the chain-gang." This is religious per-secution and intolerance more worthy of the Dark Ages than the United States in the nine-teenth century. Sectarian Bigotry. Ł [Independent, Madison, S. D., July 26.] IT is time that the American people were paying some attention to the question of reli-gious liberty. Think of it, in one State of this Union men are imprisoned for doing what Congress has frequently doneŠbreaking the sabbath day. It is fortunate for our national law-makers that Washington is not in Tennes-see. If a class of American citizens believe that the seventh day should be observed as the holy Sabbath clay, they have the right to ob-serve that day. No religion can flourish on the American soil that silences the conscience of men and enforces its dogma by court de-crees. We want no sectarian bigotry in this country. It is unchristian, and it is a menace to American liberty. A Travesty on Justice. [Dedham (Mass.) Transcript, July 27.] Is America the land of the free? Can men worship God in the United States as their con- sciences dictate? These are questions all should ponder deeply, and they are asked be-cause of a travesty on justice that this month happened in Dayton, Tenn. Eight Seventh-day Adventists, all honest, honorable and in-dustrious men, have been tried and condemned to serve terms of from seventy-five to ninety days in Dayton's jail and made to work in its chain-gang for the offense of working on what is in law styled the Lord's day, although their labor disturbed no person's private or public devotion, . . . Because of their religious belief, they are now, in this boasted age 'of civilization, undergoing the punishment that is meted out to the meanest of malefactors. They are criminals, yet not criminals, because they have been faithful to the religious prin-ciples in which they firmly and honestly be-lieve. Their punishment savors, not of the enlightened days of the nineteenth century. but rather of the Dark Ages. Small wonder  it is that the secular and religious press of our country is denouncing the un-American act of intolerance that has been done in the name of justice. In Jail For Obeying God. [Flora (Ill.) Democrat, July 25.] DOESN'T it sound like a voice from the Dark Ages to hear it said that in Dayton, Tenn., eight Christians are in jail for exercising lib-erty of conscience and obeying in-  spirit and in letter the commandment that says, "Re-member the Sabbath day to keep it holy " ? Eight Baptists, of the order of Adventists,Šhonest, industrious, and above reproach, men of religious fervor, of the same material of which martyrs are made, were arrested, dragged into court, tried and found guilty of obeying that commandment of GodŠ" Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy: Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work," and actu-ally disobeying the laws of Tennessee by work-ing, as God did, on the,  first six days of the week. . . . These men are no doubt now working with shackles upon their limbs upon the streets in Dayton, Tenn. They refused to pay the un-just fine, as they labored the first six days of the week and rested on the seventh, and claimed the constitutional right of the American cit-izens in the exercise of good conscience and religious liberty under the broad Constitution of the Nation, and yet the American flag, " Old Glory," waves proudly over these eight Christians in chains who refused to disobey their God and our own God, or have their consciences violated by the heathen laws of the State. "I AM SURPRISED," is full of happy surprises. It successfully combines in one small volume of vest-pocket size, A Dictionary of 45,S00 words, A Complete Parliamentary Manual, (Based on Roberta' and Cushing's) A Literary Guide, etc. Says Prof. E. A. Sheldon, Presi-dent of the New York Stat0 Normal School, Oiwego, "that so much that is valtr.ble for one to know is brought into so small a compass, and sold for so small a price." Yes, The NEW WEBSTER DICTIONARY and COMPLETE VEST-POCKET"  LIBRARY THE VEST-POCKET OR 'THE WRITING DESK Š Simple, - - Handy, - - Reliable. Just what everybody needs for every-dg' use. DO NOT DELAY TO ORDER. Sent post-paid as follows. -- FINE SILK CLOTH, Red edges, - - 25 cents. MOROCCO. Gold edges, - - - 50 cents, EXTRA MOROCCO, With Perpetual Mem-orandum, Three - Years Calendar. Stamp Holder, etc.. - - Ł CO cents. All three styles are indexed. ŠADDRESSŠ PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO, 43 Bond St., New York City. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safe],; attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. No. 1. Ru,sia leather, fur 2 pens No. 2. '' 3 No. 3. Sealskin, 2  " No. 4. 3 No. 5. Russia leather, for 4 No. 6. Sealskin, 4 tt rc ti 10c. 15c. 15c. 25c. 25c. 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. 