AMERICAN SENTINEL. 481 as the vain women of our own day. Of course in the de-feat which followed, he was glad enough to escape with his life, and leave his vast riches behind him." "I wonder if the Swiss people were not awfully glad to get the silver and diamonds and things," said Maggie Palmeter, who had always longed to be rich and to have magnificent things. "Perhaps not 'awfully' glad, Maggie; I hardly think that is just the right adverb to use to express what you probably mean. I think, however, that they were very glad of such a victory. But really, the silver and valua-ble cloth were considered almost worthless, and they sup-posed that the solid, massive plate worth thousands of dollars, was pewter, and sold it as such, while the velvets and silks and cloth of gold were carelessly measured off and sold for a few cents per yard." "My! wouldn't I like to buy some of it!" exclaimed Milly, with sparkling eyes. "I am almost afraid, Milly, it would not do you any more real good than it did the Swiss. The duke also lost a very valuable diamond, which was found by a poor fellow in the road, and which he sold for a trifle, thinking it to be a pretty piece of glass. It had once been worn by a great Indian prince. The foolish duke was also vain enough to carry with him bushels of money, which of course he lost." "He must have been very rich!" exclaimed Harry Ray. Ł "He was when he started, but he was not nearly so rich when he went back home." "I suppose he got enough of fighting the Swiss that time, and was glad to stay at home," suggested Will Palmeter. "0 no; he was by no means satisfied yet; he felt sure he could punish the Swiss, and I presume he thought he might perhaps recover some of his money and valuables; so he sallied out again, giving himself and his silly fol-lowers a rest of only three months. The battle of Morat was soon fought, when the duke was again defeated with tremendous loss.  and horrible slaughter. In fact, there were so many men killed that they were piled one over the other until there was a great, frightful heap of dead bodies, which were then covered with earth. This heap was so large that a veritable hill was made, which was named `Bonehill,' and this name it carried for hundreds of years. At last, some time in the eighteenth century, the hill was leveled to the ground. "In our next we will learn how this quarrelsome and ambitious duke came to his end." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft en New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin le sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THR International Religious liberty Association. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, $1.04) Lf Six months, .50 Three " .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York ŠAn Ideal Book of Travel.Š BY LAND AND SEA A JOURNEY THROUGH FIVE CONTINENTS. STARTING from the interior of the Gutted States, the reader quickly finds himself transported, as it were, to the scenes of the journey, the several stopping places being California, Hawaii, New Zealand, Australia, India, Egypt, Palestine, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, England, and Holland. The aim of the narrative, which has been written almost wholly rom original notes and observations, has been especially directed to the object of presenting the life and nature of those regions, apart from the mental instruction and its inherent features of intellectual entertainment. The author has happily foiled, in the object lessons of life under its various phases and conditions, illustrations of moral truths, which are portrayed in a manner at once instructive and attractive. The book contains 392 pages, embellished with over 100 original, full-page engravings designed especially for this work, and numerous part-page illustrations, and is fur-nished in the following bindings:Š Fine silk-finished cloth, embossed in gold and colored ink, marbled edges $2.25 .. if " gilt titles 2.76 Pine Russia Leather, gold side and back titles, gilt edges, extra finish 3.90 CATALOG OF OUR PUBLICATIONS if you have any idea of purchasing. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co., 39 Bond St., New York. Address, PfICIFIC F.HESS PUBLISHING COM', 39 Bond Street, New York City, Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. SEND FOR Address, 