388 SIM'crrINIET_A. VoL. 9, No. 49. dictate to any other person where or how he shall worship God. We may believe he is wrong, but that gives us no right to persecute. . . . The gospel, the Con-stitution of the United States, and real common sense would forbid any one's compelling another to do differently from what his own conscience dictated in wor-ship. We can point the correct wayŠif we know it. The Bible is very plain and any way-faring man, etc., need not err. It does not say he will not err, but he need not err. A little more Bible and a little less theory about the Bible would help lots of us. The seventh-day people have been bit-terly persecuted in localitiesŠalways by persons of other denominations of Chris-tians, too, to their shame be it said. Personally we think the seventh-day peo-ple have not read the Bible as they should, but that only places us where we should persuade with the Word and not persecute with the civil law. These persons are not intentional law-breakers. May the time soon come when we shall see the truth as it is.ŠNew Era, Grand Junction, Iowa, Nov. 24. Teaching a Wrong Doctrine. SPEAKING of the International Sunday Observance League, the Chicago Interior says, that " though only incorporated eight months ago," it " is making rapid strides toward giving us a peaceful Sab-bath." That sounds good. "Its object," says the Interior, "is to promote a more general and thorough observance of the law of God, as laid down in the fourth commandment." Can it be possible that this " Sunday " league is teaching men to observe the Sabbath of the fourth commandment, which the Lord says is the seventh day ? If this be so, why call it a " Sunday " league? What has Sunday to do with the fourth commandment ? That command-ment says nothing about Sunday; it speaks of "the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," and says that it is the seventh day. Now, Sunday, as every one knows, is not the seventh day, but the first day of the week. To teach men to observe the Sabbath of the Lord is a noble work, if taught as God teaches it, and as he would have his people teach it. But it can hardly be be-lieved that this league is doing this noble work, or it would not mix Sunday with it. The Interior says further that the Sun-day league is laboring "to the end that the desecration of the Christian Sabbath day . . . may be suppressed." The "Christian" Sabbath day; that is all right. The Christian Sabbath day is the seventh day. Christ kept the seventh day Sabbath when he was on the earth. So then, the seventh day would be rightly called the Christian Sabbath. That which Christ did is Christian, and he is our ex-ample. If we do as he did, we shall be rightly called Christians. Now, when the Sunday league says, " the Christian Sabbath," it means Sun-day. But, I ask again, what has Sunday to Łdo with the Sabbath of the fourth commandment ? What has Sunday to do with Christ or the name Christian ? A further object of this league for the enforcement of the "Christian Sabbath" is "that man may rest." But physical rest is not the object of the Sabbath as given by the Lord. He said he gave his Sabbath that the people might know that lie was the Lord. It is a sign of his cre- ative power, and when men keep it they are pointed back to the creation, and so to God their Creator. It is true that man obtains physical rest on the Sabbath as well as spiritual, but that is not the purpose of the Sabbath, for God himself rested upon the seventh day. But was it because he was tired and needed physical rest ?ŠNot by any means. " Hast thou not known ? bast thou not heard, that the everlasting God, the Lord, the Creator of the ends of the earth, f aint-eth not, neither is weary ? " Isa. 40 : 28. God created the world in six days, and upon the seventh day, the Sabbath, he took delight in the work he had done; and so now, on the Sabbath, man is to delight in the Lord his Creator, calling "the Sab-bath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable." See Isa. 58:13, 14. Again, the object of this league is " to maintain good morals and the peace and good order of society." And how does it propose to maintain the good order of society ?ŠBy establishing " State, provin-cial, and local organizations, whose object and purpose shall be to cooperate in the enactment and enforcement of laws for the suppression of all violations of the Sabbath day." It is the same old story, of resort to the civil power to enforce not a civil but a religious institution. But why appeal to civil law, why not appeal to the Lord of the Sabbath 2ŠThe Lord is not in the Sunday institution, and he will not give his power to a work that is not his; therefore resort is had to civil power to aid them in their work. Sunday is an institution of the papacy. Sunday was substituted for the Sabbath of the Lord by that power. The Word of God, through the prophet Daniel, speaks of a power that should "think to change times and laws," and Roman Catholic authorities have confessed and do confess that they changed the Sabbath, thus changing times and laws. A pamphlet, issued by the Catholic Mirror, gives abundant proof of this, and in it is a challenge to Protestants to show scriptural authority for Sunday-keeping.. But Protestants acknowledge that there is no Scripture command for keeping Sunday or a Sabbath on the first day of the week. This league proposes to compel all to observe Sunday, whether they want to or not. They propose to take away the divine rightŠfreedom of worship. If there are those who desire to see legit-imate fruits of these Sunday leagues, let them go to Maryland, and there see sev-enth-day observers in jail for doing what God commanded them to do. The Lord says : " Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work;" but the Sunday law says the first day is the Sabbath, and forbids labor thereon. These Adventists have obeyed the command of God, believ-ing, with the apostles, Peter and John, that it is right to obey God rather than man. Supported by men the Sunday in-. stitution will stand for a season, but, sup-ported by God, the Sabbath of the Lord will stand for ever. Ł No civil law is needed to enforce the Lord's Sabbath, for God is in the work, and his power is enough to turn men to him and his law. Christ says: " All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth. . Go ye therefore, and teach all nations. . . . Teaching them to ob-serve all things whatsoever I have com-manded you: and, lo, I am with you  alway, even unto the end of the world." Matt. 28: 18-20. This is the commission of the servant of God, and when he turns aside to another power to help the work of God, he has departed from the Lord. ALFRED MALLETT. "Couldn't You Spank Him and Make Him Believe in Christ?" ONCE upon a time a little three-year-old boy vval left an orphan and friendless. Unfortunately, the.  parents had been Jews. A sharp little lady, aged six, who lived next door, begged her mother to take the child for her playmate. The mother, thinking to dis-pose of the matter without a direct refusal, said, "But, darling, he is a Jew ; and you wouldn't like a Jew for your little brother." She reflected a moment, and then said, "No, mamma; but couldn't you spank him, and make him believe in Christ ?" Attention is called to the foregoing, which recently appeared in a humorous journal, for the reason that older heads than grace the shoulders of this preco-cious little girl, have imbibed the idea that men can be made Christians by compul-sion. This never has been done and never can be, because it is directly contrary to the teachings of the Author of Christian-ity. And just as surely as true Christian-ity can never be forced into a man, just as true it is that the genuine article can never be forced out of him. For more than a thousand years the papacy under-took by every means that wicked men and devils could invent to chastise Christianity out of men, but the blood of sixty million martyrs attests the fact that the effort was a dismal failure. The essence of Chris-tianity is that men shall be absolutely free in matters of religion; that is, if of his,  own free will, he choose to accept the. principles laid down by Christ, and Min as a personal Saviour, well and good; if not, it is just the same, as far as coer-cion is concerned, for the Master him-self says, " If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not.' Every individual is ultimately accountable to God, and to him alone, for his course of action regarding religion, and no human being has any right whatever to employ compulsory measures to influence him in deciding what his religious belief and practice shall or shall not be. The gospel principles of separation of Church and State are that the duties we owe to our fellowmen and those that we owe to God are distinct and separate; that Cesar, in his jurisdiction, has nothing whatever to do with the duties that his subjects owe to God. God seeks those worshipers who "worship him in spirit and in truth," and the apostle says, " Whatsoever is not of faith is sin;"therefore any compulsory obedience to the requirements of God makes the individual who thus renders such an unwilling obedience both a sinner in the sight of God and a hypocrite in the estimation of his fellowmen. But while the Saviour came to this world to set men free, to do away with this " spanking " idea among those who should be his followers, yet, in this en-lightened age, in this nineteenth century, in this "land of the free and the home of the brave," we find those who are among his foremost professed disciples resorting to the very measure in principle that this little girl would have her mother employ to change the religious belief of the Jewish orphan. The National Reform Associa-tion, the American Sabbath Union, and other kindred organizations, are self-con-stituted "spanking machines" to regulate men's actions regarding the proper observ- 