2 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. this declaration of their aims. Have; we failed to "meet" this point, as they have said? The leading article of the first number of the SEN-TINEL was mostly devoted to an examination of this very paragraph. And in every number we have taken up the speeches mid writings of the leading advocates of that Amendment, and pointed out the sophistries of their reason-ings and the dangerous tendency of their doc-trines. Failed to meet the question, indeed ! The correct way to judge -measures is by their consequences. The plan of these " Re-formers" may seem plausible; but we must look beyond present appearances, and inquire what effect this Amendment would have on the administration of our Governrant. This is a question of interest to every citizen, and in ,answering it we shall deal only with evi-dent facts,Šso evident that none can possibly deny them. 1. To place the laws, institutions, and usages of Christianity on a legal basis is to make them matters of legal enforcement. And as no law . can exist or be enforced without a penalty, so Christianity, or what they may be pleased to recognize as Christianity, would then be enforced by civil penalties. Anything less than this would not place the laws of Christianity on a legal basis in the law of the laud. 2. A person can be convicted of a misde-meanor only before a court of justice, and the court is necessarily constituted the judge or expellent of the law. And, therefore, under the proposed Religious Amendment, the court would have to decide what is or what is not Christian law, institution, or usage. 3. But the Amendmentists do not intend that such questions shall be decided by civil courts. May it not be, then, that they will do something to relieve this matter of its odious appearance ? Let us see. A. writer in the Christian Statesman says:Š " We will not allow the civil Government to decide between them [the churches] and to ordain church doctrines, ordinances, and laws." But wo see no hope of relief in this sugges-tion. No matter what is the nature of the court or tribunal which shall determine ques-tions of Christian institution or usage, the fact would remain that matters of Christian-  faith and practice would bo removed from the do-main of individual conscience, and placed in the hands of a legal body, whose duty or priv-ilege it should bo to decide what is and what is not Christian faith and practice,Šwhat we ' may and what we may not believe and prac-tice as professed Christians ! For, remember, whatever they decide is Christian institution or usage, is to be placed on a legal basis in the law of the land. 4. There are many different forms of religion in the land; and inasmuch as all creeds and faiths cannot possibly be embraced in the same legal enactment, it will become the duty of the law-makers to decide which shall be en-forced as the true religion I It then needs no extended argument to show that somebody's religious rights will be trampled under foot. And it would not make any difference how sinall the minority whose consciences wore ignored, and who wore made to conform to  somebody else's religion which themselves did not believe, it would still be religious oppres-sion, and a subversion of the dearest principles of our Government. 5. It is quite useless for-the advocates of the proposed Religious Amendment to deny that their movement tends to a union of Church and State, for they expressly declare-that " the State and its sphere exist for the sake of and to servo. the interest of the, Church." (See Christian Statesman of March, 1884.) In the same article it was declared to be "the duty of the State, as such, to enter into alliance with the Church of Christ, and to profess, adhere to, defend, and maintain, the true re-ligion." And they complacently talk of what the churches will and will not suffer the civil Government to do in carrying out the Relig-ious Amendment. Nov if placing Christian usages on a legal basis, and subordinating the civil State to the will and interests of the Church, is not a imion of Church and State, then we shall be pleased to be informed what would be such a union. Such a state of things o::_ce existed under the Roman emperors and popes, and it is universally regarded as a union of Church and State. And so it would be here. 6. Not only religionists, but non-religionists, have rights. Not ci.WA,1 minorities in re-ligion be compellt7Wobserve religious usages which they do not believe, but non-religionists will also be compelled to observe ." Christian laws, institutions, and usages," without any religious conviction whatever. -These model " Reformers " do not pretend that they can make men Christians by legal enactment; they only intend to compel them by law to act as if they were Christians ! 7. Under the proposed Amendment, and in such a Government as they contemplate, only professed Christians can be eligible to office. They have already announced that in their system of government every consistent-infidel will be disfranchised, and Christians alone, or they who conform to Christian usages, can be permitted to hold office. It needs -no great insight into politics and human nature to fore-see that every persistent office-seeker will then become a member of the churchŠthe most popular one, of courseŠas the surest stepping-stone to office. And in this manner these model Reformers propose to turn our republic into the kingdom of Christ I 8. But one- more, point we will notice. The National Reformers profess the intention to retain the republican features of our Govern-ment; 'the officers will be elected by the ma-jority, and the administration of the Govern-ment will bo shaped according to the will of the majority. But the will of the majority is constantly changing, as parties rise and fall. AS there are now party politics, so then there will be party religions.- To suppose otherwise, is to suppose that human nature is suddenly to be entirely transformed. The majority, wherever that majority may be found, will always have it in their power to determine what religion shall be enforced at .any given time. And the religion of the nation will be put in the market at every general election. Religious questions will then be canvassed, not  only in the churches and in the civil courts, but on the stump, on the streets, and in the saloons, Candidates will be put up on this and that religious issue. And what would be the consequence? Religion itself would be-come contemptible in the eyes of the masses, and a reaction would take- place, fatal to the cause of Christianity in our country, or else a religious tribunal of last resort would be de-mandedŠa second papal system, modeled after that of Rome. This is but a digest of these subjects as they  have been presented in the first volume of the SENTINEL, and we repeat our appeal to the reader: Rave we not herein met the very point, the vital question at issue ? We invite, we earnestly urge, our opposers to point out any particular wherein we err in our conduit sions. Please to show that what we have,indicated as conclusions, .are not relevant. We-affirm that what we have indicated as the re, sults of that Amendment being adopted, , are not only possible, but inevitable. American citizens, sons of the patriots of 1776 and 1787, our appeal is unto' you. Do not be deluded by the siren song of "assured peace in the land." Strife and contention, religious intolerance and persecution, aro as sure to follow the adoption of a Religious Amendment to our National Constitution as effect follows cause. It is in your power now to avert it. But if you let the warning pass unheeded; if you suffer the flood-gates of bigotry and intolerance, of misguided religious zeal, to bo opened in this land, be assured that no hand can stay the flood until desolation and ruin are loft in its track. J. H. W. Civil Government and the Mediator. THE grand error, perhaps, of National Re-form is in its persistently hugging the fabu7  lows and shadowy being it calls a "moral per-son." But let us admit (for the argument) that, the State is a moral person, as National Reform7, ers say. lt will be admitted that no unfallen being or person approaches God through a MeŠdiator. Adam and Eve did not before the fall. Holy angels do not. now. The question then arises, Is civil government, if a " moral person," a fallen person ? Civil government was insti-tuted after man's fall and was intended for the benefit of believers and unbelievers, and dif-fered in this respect from the church, which. was intended by its founder to, be made up only of believers. There has been no change made in the constitution of civil government since it was instituted. .If then it is a fallen person, it must have been created so by holy and righteous God; which is a conclu-sion too dishonoring to God to be entertained for a moment. Civil government then,  not having fallen from "its first estate," needs no Mediator, and has no atonement, as OHO writer in the name of National Reform admits. It worships God in obeying his commands, and that without a Mediator. We notice a few scriptures. National Re-form says, " Christ as Mediator represents the Godhead in the government of' the world:" That is for National Reformers to prove. It seems monstrous to hold that God can sur-render, or delegate his essential kingdom to 