AMERICAN SENTINEL. 263 slay him." John 5:16. Thus they followed him through the corn fields into the synagogue, where the withered hand was restored, and the crooked woman made straight. They contended with the man whose eyes were opened, and finally rendered their decision: "This man [Jesus] is not of God, because he keepeth not the Sab-bath day." Israel would not obey God. They wanted a kinglike the nations around them. A king arose who told them where, when, and how they should worship. They turned away to Baal and polluted God's Sabbath. The "bad work" went on until "the revolution" rent the kingdom asunder, and now (in Christ's time) they have dug a grave wide and deep. In it they have placed the Sabbath given by the Creator. Over its bound form they have heaped their traditions high. Still the "bad work" goes on until they mount the godless pile and with the blood of the "Lord of the Sabbath" dripping from their fingers (Matt. 27:25) watch their "sun of na" tional prosperity go down in darkness and blood." Why is it that the governments of earth will not learn the lesson? From the beginning of earthly governments the "brittleness of clay" has entered into them just to the extent that they have undertaken to direct in the things of God. The civil government and the church of Christ do not "cleave one to another." "The gospel is the power of God unto salvation." The seventh day Sabbath, the Sabbath that was made by the Creator, is the sign of God's power to create men anew. When human governments take God's work in hand, they say to him, "We must save the nation; your work is a failure." Look at Spain to-day, the mere shadow of her former self. She considers herself the minister of religion to all her subjects. The iron and the clay will not mix. Strangeethan all the work of civil governments is the'action of those who profess to believe in Christ yet are appealing to the governments of earth for help. They are calling for the death and burial of God's Sab-bath, and want the nations to exalt and establish the Sunday Sabbath. There is not one text in all the Holy Writ to sustain such shameful work. God has a controversy with all who are'engaged in this bad business. He says to them as he did to Israel of old, when they were engaged in a like work: "You have dealt treacherously, and an abomination is com-mitted in the land, among those that profess my name; for ye have profaned the holiness of the. Lord [Ex. 31: 15, margin] which he loves, and have married the daugh-ter [Sunday] of a strange God" (Baal). The teachers "have been partial in the law." The Lord "will cut off the man that hath done this, the mas-ter and the scholar." Mal. 2:9-12. Any person who in his own belief and practice abol-ished God's Sabbath abolishes his own spiritual privi-leges, becomes a fit subject for "the revolution," and  will in the end see his own sun of self-righteousness go out in everlasting darkness, fire, and blood. Honolulu, H. I. A Frank Admission. "Present Truth." (London, Eng.) A GENTLEMAN who has recently visited Rome writes as follows in the Christian World:Š "Rome would, if she had the power, still force her creeds by fire and faggot. I was talking one day while in Rome with a prelate of the church on the question of heresy. 'As a matter of fact,' I said to him, 'I could not believe many of your doctrines.' They are to me simply unbelievable."Ah, well,' he replied, 'we distinguish in cases of heresy.' In what way?' I asked. 'Well,' he said, `there are two kinds of heresyŠthere is passive heresy and active heresy. Passive heresy is simply to doubt, but active heresy is to propagate the doubt. In the former case the church is very merciful.' But,' I asked, `suppose you as a church had supreme power to-day as you once had, and suppose I felt it my duty to openly oppose certain articles of your faith. What would the church do?' It would stop at nothing to stamp out the heresy,' was his reply. There is nothing to be surprised at in this, but there is danger that men will regard Rome as having a mon-opoly of the persecuting spirit. Persecution began with Cain. It was seen in Ishmael, and it will appear in every one who is not born of the Spirit. As then, "he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that was born after the Spirit, even so it is now." People may think that they will never persecute, but they certainly will unless they be born of the Spirit. Those who do not gather with Christ scatter abroad, and this is persecution. There is no such thing as "passive heresy" against the false doctrines of Rome. Tan proclamation of the United States Government to the Filipinos (and will some one rise and explain why we spell the island with a "Ph" and the islanders with an ,`F?") is decidedly unsatisfactory. The administration so far has carried the great mass of the American people successfully with it; but a few more screeds 'like this and the anti expansionist ranks will be filled with converts. The pronunciamento is unfortunate in the wording of its first article, which smacks of conquest. The thing to impress upon those islanders is not that we are deter-mined to subdde them and that "those who resist can accomplish no end other than their ruin," but rather that we are determined to maintain order and peace, by force, if necessary, and thereafter to give them such gov-ernment as shall secure to them the same liberties and rights we ourselves enjoy. The public opinion of the country should so emphatically disapprove of this ill-sounding utterance that the administration may not be tempted to repeat the mistake.ŠRev. Frank Crane, Pas-tor Trinity Church, Chicago. 