678 AMERICAN SENTINEL. be religious liberty. It may be said by some one in ex-tenuation of this utterance, that this proposed union, by which everything opposing is to be crushed, is only for the promotion of morality in civil things; but the pages of history are eloquent of the fact that when a great re-ligious organization sets itself to work to carry certain ends, it has a very poor sense of discrimination in regard to what are religious and what are civil things;, or, in other words, from its standpoint there is no dividing line. By a subtle alchemy of church policy, religious things are transformed into civil. It was so when Rome perse-cuted. All her cruel, religious exactions were transformed into civil requirements. She shook her "fist of righteous-ness" through the civil power at those who refused her dogmas. Protestants, departing from the simplicity of their earlier days, are following her example. They are be-coming "compaCted" for that purpose. The open palm of friendship and invitation is tightening into the grip of despotic hate and fancied divine retribution. Tired of presenting the love of God, the church would appropriate his prerogative of punishment. This is the attitude of a large number of the professed Christian ministers of America. In blind zeal they are crowding the nation nearer and nearer to the brink of a frightful precipice. Already we have seen some of the results of this mis-guided zeal; the future bids fair to reveal it in greater measure. Christianity and Sabbath-Keeping. BY C. H. KESLAKE. Gon's power is eternal and unchanging. It is one and the same whether a worldŠa universeŠis to be cre-ated, or a soul redeemed. If any one has a doubt concerning God's ability to redeem, all he has to do is to look upon the material uni-verse, and realize that the power that made it is the power that redeems. This is one of the lessons to be learned from the lan-guage of inspiration found in Rom. 1:16-20. It reads: "For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ : for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that be-lieveth. . . . For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith: as it is written, The just shall live by faith. For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold thetruth in unrighteousness; because that which may be known of God is manifest in them; for God hath showed it unto them. For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse." In this Scripture the apostle shows a direct connec-tion between the power of God in the gospel and the  power of God in creationŠbetween redemption and crea-tion. More than once the apostle, in speaking of redemp-tion, refers to the fact of creation. Col. 1:12-17. This is because creation is an aid to faith in the gospel. Creation teaches (1) that ,God can redeem; and (2) that he will redeem. As to the first there can be no controversy. If God by the simple utterance of a word could make a universe; and if, by that same word, he can uphold it and keep it in its place, surely he can take a sinner, steeped in sin, and so change him that he will be a new creation (2 Cor. 5:17, R. V., mar.) and give him power sufficient to enable him to comply with all the requirements of God. But did God create the world in this way? Yes, verily. "By the word of the Lord were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth. . . . For he spake, and it was done; he commanded, and it stood fast." Ps. 33 :6,9. Moreover, by that same word, he upholds all thing; for thus it reads: "Who being . . . the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power." Heb. 1:3. No one, then, believing the Bible account of creation, can possibly doubt God's ability to save "to the utter-most." But does creation teach that he will redeem? In bringing this world into existence, God had a settled, fixed purpose. This is revealed in Isa.15:18: "For thus saith the Lord that created the heavens; God himself that formed the earth and made it; he hath es-tablished it, he created it not in vain, he formed it to be inhabited: I am the Lord; and there is none else." To defeat this purpose of God, Satan has used all the power of his giant intellect. By seducing man into sin, he hoped to bring about his destruction, and thus defeat God's plans. That he succeeded so far as getting man to sin is all too true. And had God not contemplated the possibility of sin entering, and thus his purpose being de-feated, Satan would have succeeded in all that he designed so far as this earth is concerned. But God did not create this earth in vain, he formed it to be inhabited, and therefore, even though sin, and consequently death, should enter, he had a. plan, fully prepared from eternity, by which his purpose could be wrought out. That plan was the plan of redemption. It cannot be doubted, therefore, that creation teaches that God can and will redeem. In creation, as we have already seen, his eternal power and divinity (R. V.) are revealed. After God had fully completed his work, he instituted the Sabbath, and gave it to man to keep ever as a me-morial of his creative powerŠas the sign of his eternal power and divinity. That sign will last as long as God's power and divinity can be seen in creation, and that of course will be to all eternity. Now, as creation reveals that God can and will re-deem, and is thus an aid to faith; and as the Sabbath is a sign of God's eternal power and divinity by which he 