AMERICAN -SENTINEL. 801 angel. If ever such an opportunity is ours, may we too have such a face." "We need not wait for such a time. Christians will always wear a face that tells the right storyŠif they are Christians." "Besides his face, he had a testimony of wonderful power. I have been amazed in studying Stephen's de-fense of Christ. With the most subtle tact he begins at the history of Abraham, leading them over familiar ground, showing them that in the rejection of the former prophets and patriarchs, had .been foreshadowed the tragedy of Calvary. When they saw the logic of the out.. come, and where it placed them, instead of bursting forth in a wail of sorrow, repentance, and supplication, they gnashed on him with their teeth. When God opened heaven to him, and he gave his last testimony, declaring he saw Jesus on the right hand of God, they cast him out of the city, stoned him to death, with hearts harder than stones, for his prayers that their sin should not be laid to their charge, was unnoticed by them." "Aleck, if such an exhibition is the result of reliance on self, on man, on human power, my prayer shall-ever be, '0 God, deliver thou me." F. E. B. TO OVR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft or New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., mu to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore nneompromisli:sty opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, if Six months, 56 Three " ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York ATTENTION To the laws of health is a most important duty. "Guide for Nut Cookery" will tell you how to prepare over 600 healthful and palatable dishes without the aid of animal fats. Can be successfully made in any ordinary kitchen. A boon to every person troubled with stomach disorders. Handsomely illuminated oilcloth covers, $1.00, postpaid. Place your order at once. Books will be ready for delivery about Jan. 5, 1899. Joseph Lambert & Co., Battle Creek, Mich. a toob Nepresentative It is printed on heavy enameled paper and bound in cloth with gilt top, 50,, postpaid, or $25.00 per 100 not prepaid. Trade edition, printed on thinner paper and bound in leatherette, 25c each postpaid. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. EveryA4Day,.._.— Di hes. A book containing 184 pages of practical information concerning the healthful prepartion of numerous dishes of all edible grains, fruits, and vegetables. A chapter is devoted to Suggestions for Canning Fruit, which alone is worth the price of the book. There is also a Daily Morning Program of Kitchen Work,includ-ing hints on Economizing Money, Material, and Time; General Suggestions for Economical House-work; Every-day Bills of Fare, and a copious index of the entire work. Bound in board sides and cloth back. PRICE, postpaid, , 85 CENTS PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. Si.et .51 .26 Is wanted in every vicinity to sell the Holiday Edition of "Battle Hymn of the King-dom." The subject matter of this booklet is a beautiful poem by Frances Eugenia Bolton. It is appropriately illustrated with fifteen original half-tone en-gr a vi ng s of extraordinary merit. The cover design is worked in gold, silver, and green, and will especially rec-ommend the volume to pur-chasers of gift books. . 