AMERICAN SENTINEL. 195 Short Sermons on Religious Liberty. MAJORITIES seldom have a conviction. WE ought to obey God rather than man.ŠBible. TRUE worship springs from voluntary loving service. PURE civil government never persecuted because of religious belief. IT was with a kiss that Judas betrayed his divine Master; and we should all be admonished, whatever our faith may be, that the rights of conscience can not be so successfully assailed as under the pretext of holiness.ŠRichard M. Johnson. A GOVERNMENT without law is no government at all; but it does not follow that that law should be religious in its character. THE acts of faith and obedience to which the gospel calls us is a reasonable service to which we are to be drawn by the mercies of God and not driven by the terrors of men.ŠClark's History at Intolerance. No human law has a right to interfere with a man's belief, his freedom of conscience, his right to worship his Creator when and how he will, so long as he does not trespass on the rights of others.ŠT. E. Richardson. WE can not consistently deny liberty to our fellow-man and expect long to have it granted to us. THE true doctrine of Christian liberty is not simply our right to think and act for ourselves, but the recog-nition on our part of the right of the other man to think and act for himself. w. E. C. An English Protest Against Sunday Laws. ONE of the leading dailies of London, Eng.,Šthe ChronicleŠrecently in taking notice of a prosecution under the Sunday statutes, said:Š "When will people learn that it is impossible to en-force a religious observance of Sunday by law? Or when will Parliament spare half an hour for the repeal of our ridiculous Sabbatarian acts? Now and again some poor old woman in a slum is summoned by a spy under a stat-ute of Elizabeth for having sold him two kippers on a Sunday; and now at Caversham. near Reading, three men have been prosecuted for playing football on Sunday afternoon, contrary to an early act of Charles I. The magistrates, under the chairmanship of Lord Saye and Sele (whose name in itself savors of Charles I.'s reign), of course, dismissed the summons, not because it was spite-ful and ludicrous, but because the three men 'did not con-stitute a concourse of non-parishioners within the mean-ing of the act.' The act forbids all sports and pastimes on Sundays to any concourse of non-parishioners, whilst all of us, even if parishioners, are debarred from bear-baiting, bull-baiting, interludes, common plays, or any other unlawful exercises or pastimes such as are so popu-lar amongst all ages and all classes to-day. It is a strange thing that the moment we touch law we seem as a nation to lose our sense of absurdity. And as to peo- ple whb get up summonses of this kind, they are undoubt-edly the direct descendants of those Puritans who hated bear-baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but beeause it gave pleasure to the spectators." The Chronicle fails, however, to recognize that all ob- servance of Sunday must be religious, since Sunday is a purely religious institution. Items of W. C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. 1. HENRY. JUST one thing was presented as possible for me to do for my friend's husband; that was to send him a mes-sage through the mail. I felt how unconventional it would be, and hesitated a long time; but at last as I could get no rest from the burden of it, I wrote a very brief note of gospel warning and invitation, based on what I had discovered, when he had compelled me to see him at his worst. I appealed to his fatherly nature, and entreated him for the sake of his children to stop short in the course that was taking him to eternal ruin. I did not "mince matters." I realized the necessity of saying what I had to say in as few and forcible words as pos-sible so that their meaning should not escape a mud-dled brain, or be utterly lost if flung away in a flash of anger. When the note was ready for the mail I laid it on a chair before me, and kneeling in prayer gave it to the Lord. "You made me do it," was my trembling appeal, "and now you must go with it, or it bad better never have been done." That prayer was easy, for I felt a great sense of need. I was not yet, however, free from the feel-ing that I had done a very strange, and perhaps an un-warrantable thing; and as soon as the letter had gone to the letter box, I would have given anything to have had it back safely in my hands again. All the morning I was harassed and unable to go on with the literary work which was occupying me during those days; until again I knelt and said to God, "Lord, you made me do this; I wrote that letter to that bad man for you; now take the burden of it away and let me go about my work, for I must do it. I cannot be worried over this any longer. I must depend on you to take care of this strange thing which you compelled me to do. I give it up, take care of it,ŠI will trust it all to you!" And from that instant I was free., When three o'clock came I found that I could pray with such faith and confidence as I had not had at any time before since I bad assumed this strange new re-sponsibility. It was in this experience that I learned the relation between words and deeds in prayer; that prayer to be real must have in it the elements of activity. Two or three days thereafter as I was on my way to the Public Library I met my friend; she grasped my hand and said :Š "I was going to see you; come into this office; I want to tell you something." 