The above cut represents a receptacle for S. D. A. literature, now being used by the T. & M. Society in the Union Passenger Station, Columbus, Ohio. Societies or individuals desiring to get important matter before the public who would choose this method and style of box are informed that I am prepared to furnish the boxes and any information concerning same on application. Address, C. L. SHELTON, Columbus, Ohio. NOVEMBER 9, 1893. 351 He said it was an admitted fact that there are 26,000 Seventh-day Adventists in this country, and all of them ignorant; not one educated man among them. There are 10,000 Seventh-day Baptists in this coun-try, and among them only one really edu-cated man, and he, Dr. Lewis. Can it be possible, said he, that on the one hand all the learned, scholarly, educated, cub tured, philosophical, etc., throughout Christendom should be wrong on this question, and these few ignorant Seventh-day people have the truth and be correct ? Such an idea is preposterous! To this unchristian statement of Mr. Crafts, Dr. Hiscox, the author of the paper read, said (pointing directly at Mr. Crafts) : " When you talked about those ignorant Seventh-day Adventists, a slight indignation arose within me, and it cut, yes, deep, within my heart. It is as pos-sible, for ignorant men to be right and have the truth as it is possible for learned and wise men to be in error; and even such wise men as you and I may make 'mistakes, as doubtless we have done to-day. God teaches ignorant men the truth, not always revealing it to the wise." He also said that the acknowledgment that the Seventh-day Adventists had the burden of Bible proof on their side of the question, was certainly very advantageous to them, for they most assuredly had the benefit of the doubt, if there be any doubt. After a few other remarks made in con-tinuation of the truths stated in his paper, to which Mr. Crafts never even referred, the meeting adjourned for the day. By the appearance and actions of many of the audience who were present, it was very apparent that all the truth uttered in the paper read was not accepted, and by some quite a little of the dragonic spirit was manifested. Thus once more did the Lord use an in-s',rument, as his mouth-piece to herald truth to many of its worst opposers, who v ould perhaps have been unwilling to listen to it if told by a Seventh-day ob-sorver ; and also to give evidence clear and conclusive of the utter impossibility of even one jot or tittle of the law passing away till all be fulfilled. F. C. GILBERT. 0 U  PRISON LIGHT wants active agents everywhere. Hood pay. 15c. Trial year. Indorsed by SENTINEL. Particulars free. MYERS,. PRISON LIGHT, Newfane, Vt. SOME VALUABLE BOOKS FOR YOUNG MEN. We have secured the following books which we can recommend, not only as unobjectionable but as highly beneficial reading for young men:Š Moral Muscle and How to Use It, by FRED-ERICK ATKINS. A Brotherly Chat with Young Men. "This is positively the best book for young men that we have seen. It looks the facts of young men's lives full in the face, and proclaims the gospel of industry, perseverance, self-con-trol, and manly Christianity. We can certify that no one will find it stupid."ŠSt. Andrews Cross. First Battles and How to Fight Them, by F. A. ATKINS. Friendly Chats with Young Men. "It is true in substance, attractive in its style, and admira-ble in its spirit. I heartily commend this little voilume."ŠRev. John Hall, D.D. The Spiritual Athlete and How He Trains, by W. A. BODELL. Introduction by REV. B. FAY MILLS. A work for young men, pithy, pointed and practical. "'Its power and value lie in the consistent carrying out of the comparison between physical and spiritual training."ŠThe Independent. Brave and True, by J. THAIN DAVIDSON. Talks to Young Men. "This is one of the books the wide distribution of which cannot be too greatly desired."ŠPresbyterian Journal. Each of these books is complete in itself, and so can be sold separately at fifty cents each; but as they are all about equally good, and desiring to encourage the dissemination of such literature, we offer the four for $1.75. They are all bound alike, and put up in a neat box present a very at-tractive appearance. They will form a valuable addition to any young man's or youth's library. IN THE HEART OF THE SIERRAS ŠBY J. M. HUTCHINS.Š This book has been out but a short time, but it has attained a large sale. It is a book which sells to all classes of readers. As a work of art it surpasses anything of the kind which has ever before been attempted. The Yo Semite Valley is now the leading attraction for tourists, and it is visited every year by thousands. It is one of the wonders of the world, and this work written by a man who has lived so long amidst these scenes is one which all will be eager to possets. IT IS A COMPLETE HISTORICAL AND DESCRIPTIVE SUMMARY OF THE GREAT VALLEY AND ITS MARVELOUS SURROUNDINGS. A Book of Thrilling Interest. All who have seen the volume pronounce it the most intensely interesting work published on the Pacific Coast. MORE THAN ONE HUNDRED ILLUSTRATIONS. Price, in Flexible Cloth, $1.50; Heavy Paper covers, $1.25. HENRY M. STANLEY, the African Ex-plorerŠBy Arther Montefiore, F. R. G. S. Brought down to 189. 12mo. 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. Address all Orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 12TH & CASTRO STS., I 43 BOND ST., OAKLAND, CAL. NEW Youx. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 AGENTS 0 0 MEMOIRS OF EDWIN BAINBRIDGE.Š The subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tarawera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. THOMAS J. COMBER, Missionary Pi-oneer to the CongoŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully il-lustrated, cloth extra, price, 75 cents. JAMES CHALMERS, Missionary and Explorer of Raratonga and New GuineaŠBy Wm. Robson, of the London Missionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. THE POCKET ATLAS OF THE WORLD ŠA comprehensive and popular series of maps, illustrating physical and political ge-ography, with geographical statistical notes, ' 64 double maps, cloth, $1. 00. WILLIAM CAREY, the Shoemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra. 75 cents. SAMUEL CROWTHER, the Slave Boy who became Bishop of the NigerŠ By Jesso Page, author of "Bishop Patter-son." 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. MISSIONARY LADIES IN FOREIGN LANDSŠBy Mrs. E. R. Pilman, author of "Heroines of the Mission fields," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. JOHN BRIGHT, the Man of the People ŠBy Jesse Page, author of "Bishop Patter-son," "Samuel Crowther," etc. I2mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. PIM= .PRESS PUBLISHING COMPARE. 113th & Castro Streets, I 43 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. Rim YoRK. MAKE 100 PER o CENT. PROFIT and more. Get samples free. Best known goods in all America. Cor-sets, Belts, Brushes, Safety Razors, o Curlers, Insoles, Plasters, and all our other popular goods. ( Either sex.) o Address, DR. CEO. A. SCOTT, 0 842 Broadway, N. Y. City. 0 00 00--0000000o  CHRISTIAN LIFE SERIES. Four excellent books of which we can give no better idea than by quoting the table of contents of one. The first, "Chris-Can Living," contains nine chapters, as follows:Š I. The Appropriation of Christ. II. Christ's Proprietorship. III. Reciprocal Indwelling. IV. "Sins" and "Sins." V. The Will. VI. Guidance. VII. The Fullness of the Spirit. VIII. Our Work for Christ. IX. Concluding Words. The second book of this series, "The Present Tense of the Blessed Life," has seventeen chapters and treats of the many promises of present help and blessing. The Christian should live in the present as well as for the future. Jesus not only romises future salvation but he gives present victory. The Future Tense of the Blessed Life," deals with promises of future blessings. The first chapter is "A Cluster of Grapes;" tae text is Zeph. 3:17. "The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy; he v. ill rest in his love, he will joy over thee with singing." Truly this is a rich cluster of promises. The title of the remaining book, "The Shepherd Psalm," will sufficiently explain to every Christian the character of this volume. What follower of Christ is not familiar with the Twenty-Third Psalm and where is the trusting Christian who does not love to dwell upon it ? About one hundred and sixty pages each, bound in blue vel-lum Cloth, 50 cents each, or four for $1.75. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 