272 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEw YORK, APRIL 26, Iwo. SPECIAL NOTICE. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL has been transferred from the Pacific Press Publishing Co. to the International Religious Liberty Association, Chi-cago, Ill., and will henceforth be published by that organization. The name has been changed from "AMERICAN SENTINEL" to "SENTINEL OF LIBERTY." The first issue under this name will be dated May 10. All correspondence pertaining to the paper must hereafter be ad-dressed to the office of the Re-ligious Liberty Association, 324 Dearborn St., Chicago, Ill. Matter intended for the editors should be addressed "Editorial De-partment." No paper will be issued between this date and May 10. TEE trouble with workingmen in reference to Sunday work is not that they do not have the right to ..rest, but that they do not use the right. If they have the right and do not use it, the blame for their failure to enjoy the right falls on themselves. Where no right is invaded, no law to preserve rights is needed. There can be no just ground for Sunday laws while Sunday work remains a voluntary act. Ł ot Of oourse, many people are work-ing on Sunday -who would much prefer to rest on that day. But mere preferences do not constitute good ground for a law. The law can recognize rights, and distin-guish between justice and injustice; but it cannot accommodate itself to people's preferences. Preferences are _A right represents jus-ce often represents only mental or moral weakness. A preference not to work may repre-sent only laziness. In the matter of Sunday labor it represents in some casesŠperhaps in manyŠa convic-tion that Sunday work is morally wrong. But the law cannot under-take to carry out people's convic-tions of right. Convictions are for the convicted person to carry out himself. The person who believes he ought to rest on Sunday in obedi-ence to the will of God, should not require any further reason than the will of God for observing that day. God has spoken plainly on the sub-ject of Sabbath observance; and to disobey God until the state speaks on the subject, is to set the state above God. For one who does this to plead conscientious convictions against Sunday labor, is not very consistent, to say the least. THE arrest of two young boys in Massachusetts recently, for watch-ing a game of marbles on Sunday (see p. 259), is something for those people to think about who regard the Sunday law as a mild and be-nevolent institution. How safe is religious liberty for adults in Ł a country where mere children are ar-rested under a Sunday law for look-ing on at a game being played by. others? This of course is an extreme case; but the spirit that prompted such work as this is the spirit of zeal for Sunday enforcement, and the occurrence only shows to what this spirit may lead when a sufficient degree of zeal has been attained. The effectual way to guard against such exhibitions is to repeal the law which is so ready a channel for fa-naticism and intolerance. THE right of one person to rest on Sunday does not demand for its preservation the loss of another per-son's equal right to labor on that day. Every person is free to rest on Sunday, and there is no invasion of rights until there is introduce° tie compulsion of the law. It is com-pulsion that interferes with per- sonal liberty, and the right denied is not the right of rest but the right of labor. This is a sacred right, and only tyranny will interfere with its enjoyment. FOR several years the Sultan of Turkey has been making promises to the American Government to pay a claim of $100,000 damages de-manded for loss sustained by Amer-icaii missions in Turkey. The Gov-ernment is now bringing pressure to bear upon the sultan, and the Euro-pean nations who have unsuccess-fully tried to — collect 'damages on siMilar grounds from the Turkish ruler, are interested spectators of the effort now being made by "Uncle Sam." What adds more interest to the situation is the report that the sultan relies upon his power in the Philippines , to check the American Government in the event of resort to extreme measures. What this means is explained by the statement that "there are in the Philippines more than 3, 500, 000 Mohamme-dans, whose devotion to their cal-ipha is fanatic. The sultan would have but to lift his finger and these Malays and Moros would join forces with the Tagalogs. The war in .Lu-son would be extended in every di-rection throughout the islands, and the American forces would necess-arily have to be greatly increased." "No SUNDAY law lays any burden on any man's conscience," says Rev. W. Allen Butler, LL.D., in a leaflet, "The Sabbath in Civil Law." If this is :so, what is it that makes ob-servers of the seventh day prefer imprisonment and work in the chain gang, to obedience to such a law? If their conscience is free in the mat-ter, what reason can they have for making such sacrifices? Certainly they are not fond of going to jail, nor do they crave to take exercise in the chain gang. It is only con-science that can lead a people to sacrifice for the Sabbath as these have done. 