254 CAW-  SlE-NrrIENIME.4. Vol.. 9. No. 32. of the week, he certainly cannot claim that he is in harmony with the Golden Rule, or that he loves his neighbor as himself. Then his Christianity becomes " sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal." " Charity suffereth long and is kind ; charity vaunteth not [is not rash] itself." To compel a man to keep Sunday when he conscientiously believes Saturday is the Sabbath day, is the same thing as compel-ling him to keep two days.* An intelligent Christian certainly will not surround his neighbor with such cir-cumstances as to force him to disregard the law of his country or the law of his God. All will admit that it is better to disregard man's law than the law of God. Let us suppose that it takes all of six days in every week devoted to labor, in order that a man may be able to maintain himself and family, which no doubt is the case with a great many wage workers, and that the same man believes the seventh day is-the Sabbath, as the commandment puts it, which no'doubt is the case in some instances, and the Sunday law compels him to rest or be idle on the first day of the week, then we have a man that is robbed of the inalienable right of the pur-suit of happiness and is compelled to either disregard the law of the land or the law of God in order to get a living. 0 tempora 0 mores ! ! J. W. HANNER. Another "Faribault Scheme." THE controversy which has taken place at Syracuse, N. Y., in regard to leasing a building, which has just been erected by the Roman Catholics, and which is de-signed for school purposes, is a reminder that the Church of Rome is still endeavor-ing to advance the interests of that church at the expense of the public school system. Last fall St. Lucy's parish completed the erection of a school building. Shortly after the completion of the building a written proposition was submitted to the Board of Education requesting them to make use of the building for public school purposes, for which a nominal rental of one dollar per year was to be paid by the city. The Board of Education was re-quested to pay the salaries of teachers and meet the other expenses of maintaining the institution as a public school. The original proposition was that only Cath-olic teachers should be employed in the school, but the written proposition sub-mitted to the board contained no such limitation. The principal argument ad-duced in favor of the proposition to employ Catholic teachers was that it was a hard-ship upon the Catholic portion of the community to be compelled to contribute toward the support of the public school system, and also to provide for the main-tenance of parochial schools for the reli-gious education of their children. The written proposition brought out so much opposition and so much feeling was devel-oped over the affair that the advocates of the measure saw that it would not receive the sanction of the Board of Education, and the day before the proposition came to a vote, the vicar-general stepped in and withdrew the whole proposition. Au effort was also made by several of the teachers to introduce the reading of *But it really makes no difference whether the individual keeps any day; a man has a civil right to keep any clay or no day. It would be just as bad to require an infidel to submit to immersion as to require a Presbyterian t be immersed. The fact that the latter had been previously sprinkled would not add to the enormity of the outrage.ŠED. the Catholic version of the Bible in their divisions. The board requires that teach-ers read daily from the Holy Scriptures, without specifying particularly the ver-sion to be used; and although copies of the authorized version are supplied to all the schools with the expectation that they would be used, several of the Catholic teachers interpreted this requirement of the board as giving them the right to make use of any version they saw fit, and sub-stituted the Catholic Bible. Upon being questioned concerning it, some of the teachers stated that they had been told by the vicar-general that he understood there would be no objection to their using the Douay version. When the matter was considered by the board, it was decided that only the authorized version could be used, and the teachers were instructed to use the Bible provided by the State, and if any change was desired, application must be made to the board for permission to make such change. E. E. PARLIN. -9.  Hoist with Their Own Petard. AN interesting case of mob rule bringing grief on its promoters is reported crisp and fresh from Maryland, where in the past so many instances of bigotry have gone unchecked. The facts are these: Two Seventh-day Adventist ministers, named respectively Jones and Howard, moved their tent in which meetings are conducted, and their household goods, by boat from a point near Annapolis to ent Island, Md., landing at the wharf of the Chester River Steamboat Company. After paying for the use of the dock one of them proceeded to the village of Stevensville, three miles distant, to secure a lot for pitching the tent, while the other remained to care for the goods. A farmer with his team was engaged to haul the tent and fixtures, and one load accompanied by one minister was soon deposited on the rented plot of ground in Stevensville, the other man remaining with the rest of the bag-gage on the wharf waiting for the return of the wagon. No sooner had prepara-tions begun for putting up the tent, than a mob of rough men came on the lot and in coarse language commanded the work to stop, and demolished what had been done. The local magistrate was one of the gang, and, in fact, seemed to be the leader. Of course, the minister expostu-lated with them and protested that he had come to preach the good news to them; but he was compelled to desist from fur-ther efforts ,;to provide his family with even the shelter of a tent from the coming darkness and storm. One man at last opened his house for them to stay during the night. The driver of the wagon was afraid to do anything more, and the minis-ter on the wharf remained all night guard-ing the property in his charge. Early the next morning he was made acquainted with affairs at the other end of the line by the appearing of his brother minister. Together they consulted what step to take next, and the same faithful guardian re-mained by the stuff while the other started for Middletown, Del., to get further in-structions and advice from the president of the conference under whose direction they labor. Part of the first seven miles of the jour-ney from Stevensville to Ford's Store was made on foot through deep dust and under a broiling sun, and then a ride was se-cured by paying fifty cents. A large  church of Seventh-day Adventists live at Ford's Store, and here the minister had a, good brother take his horse and drive -Le Centreville, twelve miles farther on, where he could get a slow train to Middletown. It was nearly night when he arrivedi there, and after a few hurried word& with the presiding officer he returned to Kent Island. By good fortune he met on the way the sheriff of the county where the trouble occurred and to him related his case and received assurance of protection the following morning in put-. ting up the tent. Several brethren of the, Ford's Store Church went over, and with their assistance the work was done; but, the sheriff did not appear as promised. By a continual watch the rest of the day and the following night, only two ropes were cut on the tent by the angry mob, that surrounded the little band. In the meantime several men of the vil-lage who claimed to represent the public, feeling, came as a committee and demanded as the only condition of peace and safety to persons and property, that the men and tents leave the island. The ministers took their names and agreed to consult again with the president of the conference by letter and a truce was declared for a little season. The sheriff and his deputy arrived on the scene at this juncture, and on learning that the committee had kindly left their. names, he promptly announced his deter-mination to arrest every one of them and take them back to Centreville. He soon had the committee before him, and then they were informed that they had made themselves liable to his authority end of his purpose to prosecute them to the full extent of the law. At last he consented to let the ministers themselves say whether or not the committee should be arrested, and, taking the leader, the local magis-trate, he marched him into the presence of his terrible foes, and said that just what the ministers said in the matter should be done. Of course, the preachers said, "Let the men go; we don't want to trouble them. We want to preach the gospel of peace, and so, do not arrest these men." The sheriff then informed the abashed " committee " that they would be held responsible if any further damage was done, and let them goŠnot exactly rejoicing, but glad to get out of the hole so easily. The consequence is that these men must now see that no harm comes to the preachers or the tents, else they will have to give an account to the sheriff. While the poor ministers sweetly sleep in peace after their hard experience, the ever vigilant committee must sit up and guard the men they tried to drive out of town. It is needless to say that under the guardianship of such a force inspired by the lofty feeling of self-preservation from the county jail, the " public sentiment " they claimed to represent is fast changing in favor of the Seventh-day Adventist preachers. The following reply from the president of the conference was received by the committee soon after the sheriff's visit, and it is hoped they have read it with profit :Š Middletown, Del., July 28, 1894. To THE COMMITTEE, Stevensville, Kent Island, Md. DEAR SIRS : I have received the proposition made by your body to Messrs Jones and Howard, ministers of the gospel and licensed by the Seventh-day Adventist Conference, which I have the honor to represent as president. From their statement of the kind manner in which you requested them to leave the place and offered to refund some items of expense incurred by 