Vol.. 11, Nu. 44. 346 civil legislation in what she deems the inter-ests of the kingdom of God. She desires to .enforce upon all men "the laws of Christian morality." One of her chief aims is to "pre-serve the sabbath." To do this she means to secure both national and State legislation to enforce the observance of Sunday. And whatever else among religious observances or moral practice may be deemed necessary to the establishment of Christ's kingdom, will likewise become the subject of legisla-tion. All men ought to be good. They ought to be followers of Jesus Christ. But the major-ity are not Christians, even by profession. Very many are open violators of moral pre-cepts. This is a sad state of things, but it cannot be remedied by human law. Why? Because the root of the evil is in the heart. The testimony of God's Word is that the heart of man is by nature at enmity with God's law. It is selfish, and there is no power in man to change its nature. Human legisla-tion cannot touch the heart. It can only regulate the outward conduct. One power alone can change the heart, and that is the power of God, operating through faith in Jesus Christ. It may be asked, Will it not be an advan-tage to regulate the outward conduct of un-godly men by human law? Certainly it will, in those matters which involve the mainte-nance of human rights, but not in the matter of religious observances. And why not? Because a religious observance is only hypoc-risy and a mockery of God without faith; and human law cannot supply the faith. Open disregard of the Sabbath is very bad, but it is not so bad as a hypocritical, forced observance of the Sabbath; and the same principle applies to any other of God's moral requirements. These considerations make clear the gigan-tic evil which is involved in this attempt to usher in the kingdom of God through the exercise of political power by the Church. The result will be the ushering in of a state of things exactly opposite to the reign of righteousness and peace.. And this ushering in is now at hand. The situation is one which calls for active, earnest, prayerful and immediate effort on the part of all those who know the meaning of gospel liberty. s. "CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP" SUBVERSIVE OF THE CONSTITUTION. THE purpose of the founders of this Gov-ernment was to place all men on an equality before the law. We are warranted in believ-ing this both from the language of the Con-stitution and froin the Declaration of Inde-pendence. The latter expressly declares that "all men are created equal, and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights;" while the former provides that "all persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States, and the State wherein they reside." A further pro-vision of the Constitution is that "No relig-ions test shall ever be required as a qualifica-tion to any office or public trust under the United States." But the "Christian Citizenship" movement, so-called, purposes to change all this; not indeed by changing the wording of the Con-stitution, but by overriding it, practically, and establishing not only a religious test as a qualification for office, but a religious test of citizenship itself. In a "Christian Citizenship" meeting, held  in Washington, July 8, 1896, Rev. Wm. Rader, of San Francisco, Cal., said, as quoted in the "Official Report" :Š Ł The possession of rights does not constitute true citizenship, which properly assumes that a right is only efficient when rightly used, and that a man is no more a citizen because of the constitutional authority afforded him by the Constitution than he is an artist because he owns the brush of Rubens or the chisel of Angelo. What are known as American rights, such as free speech and political suffrage, are the political instruments of Christian men: they are not ends, but means to an end; they are the instruments of polit ical righteousness, the legal opportunity of a Chris-tian man to practically apply this Christianity to the State. Citizenship, then, is more than the political authority to cast a ballot; it is the moral ability to cast it right in the interests of the kingdom of God, and according to the Christianity of Jesus Christ. Voting is a Christian function. We are not disposed to deny that every man who casts a ballot is under moral obliga-tion to act conscientiously in so doing, just as much so as in any other business matter. The man who acts politically acts for the public, and he is just as much bound to act for the best interests of the public, according to his judgment, as he is to act for what he believes to be the best interests of a mercan-tile or other business firm of which be may be a member. But we cannot grant that voting is a Chris-tian function in any other sense than that which we have explained. The rule of the Christian life is, "Whether ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God." It is clear, therefore, that a man who votes, equally with the man who eats or drinks, or who engages in any business, must do so to the glory of God. That, however, does not make voting a Christian function any more than it makes tilling the soil, or conducting commercial enterprises a Chris-tian function. These things may all be done by Christians,Šmay be done to the glory of God,Šbut they are not Christian functions. For if they were, only Christians would have a right to engage in them. For instance: Baptism is a Christian function; but only a Christian has the right to administer baptism, or even to receive it. Partaking of the Lord's supper is a Christian function, but only a Christian has the right to partake of it But under American law all men are equally en-titled to participate in the affairs of govern-ment. But "Christian Citizenship" seeks to change all' this, and to establish for the citizen, as we said before, a religious qualification ; there-fore, in spirit and intent so-called "Chris-tian Citizenship" is opposed to the Constitu-tion of the United States, and would subvert it. The purpose of the founders of this Gov-ernment, as before remarked, was to prevent class distinctions, to put all men on an equal-ity before the law, so that there might not be classes as there were and are in European and other countries. But "Christian Citizenship" would undo the work of the fathers of the Republic, and would establish a special class, enjoying special privileges. It is true that this class might not be created by law, and their special privileges might not be guaran-teed to them by constitutional provision; but these privileges might be none the less real, and the Constitution be none the less surely subverted. True Christianity asks for nothing of this kind. The fundamental law of the Chris- tianity of Christ touching social relations is: "All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." Christianity seeks no special privileges for its adherents. It asks no monopoly for itself; and the pseudo-Christianity which assumes  arbitrary control in matters of Church and State is not Christianity but is only an exhi-bition of human selfishness. God is glorified in the proper use of all his gifts to men. He is glorified by the farmer who tills the soil, sows the seed, guards his growing crop from injury, and who finally with thankful heart reaps the harvest which God has given him through the operation of natural laws. The Creator would not, how-ever, be glorified by the man who would mis-use the soil, the seed, the rain, and the sun-shine, by endeavoring to produce results con-trary to the ordinance of God. In like manner the citizen, who is likewise a Christian, glorifies God by using civil gov-ernment for the purpose for which it was ordained, namely, for the conservation of human rights. The gospel is the power of God unto salva-tion, and he who, leaving the gospel, the power of God, seeks to save men by the power of the State, dishonors God, no matter how much or how fervently he may say, Lord, Lord. Let the Christian vote, if he can do so, conscientiously; but let him remember that he is no better before the law than any other citizen; that he is entitled to no more con-sideration at the hands of the public; and that he has no more right to use the civil power to compel others to believe or to prac-tice as he does, than unbelievers have to use civil power to compel him to believe and to act as they do. THE CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP LEAGUE. FROM the Christian Citizen, the organ of the National Christian Citizenship League, published in Chicago, Ill., we gather the following information relative to the charac-ter and aims of this organization:Š Christian citizenship is more than reform; it is re-generation. It is more than the ethics of politics; it is the science of righteousness. It maintains that the State is as truly sacred as the Church, should be governed by as high principles and should recognize God as the source of all au-thority. It demands as high character in the ministers of God (Rom. 13:3, 4) who occupy our legislative and executive chairs as in the ministers of God who oc-cupy our church pulpits. It regards all public evils primarily as enemies of Jesus Christ and calls for a union of the friends of Jesus against them. It believes that but two ways lie before our country, one leading to anarchy, the other to the application of gospel principles to public affairs. It is the voice of one crying in the wilderness of ' public sins, " Prepare ye the way of the Lord," measure all things by the rule of absolute righteous-ness rather than that of " policy " or " expediency ;" cast out everything contrary to the will of Christ. About three years ago, the National Christian Citizenship League was organized to promulgate the above principles. It knows no party, creed, nation-ality or sex, but seeks to unite all the friends of Jesus against his enemies. From its headquarters at 153 La Salle St., Chicago, it sends out large quan-tities of literature and many able speakers Through its agencies many local victories have been won over the saloon and other public evils. It is organizing local leagues wherever called for and State depart-ments in various States. Its mission is to serve and to preach the " old Gospel " as applied to public affairs. It is evident that Christian citizenship, as here set forth, contemplates a condition of things above and beyond that which can be realized through human wisdom or power. FOr it must be admitted that "regeneration"'  and "righteousness" cannot be a product of human effort. The possession of civil power cannot contribute in any way to their realiza-tion. Yet the Christian Citiunship League 