THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 275 41M.D statute. But whatever the deputy's view of the law may be, it is certain that State costs are not in any sense a State tax. "Taxes," says Judge Cooley, "are burdens or charges imposed by the Legislature upon persons or property to raise money far public purposes." But the Constitu-tion of the State of Tennessee provides that,Š All property shall be taxed according to its value, that value to be ascertained in such manner as the Legislature shall direct, so that taxes shall be equal and uniform throughout the State. No one species of property from which tax may be collected shall be taxed any higher than any other species of property of the same value. The Legislature has provided that all taxation shall be by assessment of the property taxed. It is evident, therefore, both by the Constitution and by the stat-ute law of Tennessee, that State costs are not in the nature of a State tax, and can not be collected by distraining property exempt from execution. The Tennessee persecutors may imprison the Adventists under the wicked Sunday law which the courts of that State have made for that very purpose, but they can not rob them of their property and beggar them under the Constitution as it now stands; for it is incredible that any court would so stul-tify itself as to hold that State costs are hi the nature of a State tax. Let the Adventists see to it that those who invoke the law against them, confine their perse-cutions to the law, and that neither the bigoted religionist, zealous for the dog-mas of his sect, nor the avaricious official, greedy for fees, goes beyond the law which he invokes. C. P. B. --0-4110-Ł Origin of the Doctrine of Church and State. SOME there be, who, while asking from the Government a recognition of the Christian religion in a national Sunday law, at the same time deny that such a law would be a union of Church and State, and even claim to be opposed to such a union. Yet it is simply nothing else. Any recognition of religion (on the part of the State), or religious institu-tions, is nothing short of such union. Let the Nation, through Congress, enact such a law, and all the authority and power of the Nation would be invoked to enforce it; and this would be persecution for con-science' sake. Paganism is the greatest system of false worship that was ever in-vented. And we find it is religion and the State united. In every nation or tribe, the Imp written or unwritten, have been made in the interest of religion; indeed, had it not been for the religion of the people, the laws would never have been made. The chiefs, rulers, or heads of the nation, have been the guardians of the religion of the people. There was a time when Rome was a republic. But with wealth came the gratification of every lust. Ł Laws were made against these things, only to be broken: Caesar, who was guilty of almost every crime, was made " the guardian of the public morals." Constantine the Great is regarded as a Christian emperor; but history testifies that, even after his professed conversion he waded through seas of blood, putting to death his nearest relatives, decreeing the death of some while on his death bed. Being a pagan by birth and education, and following in the steps of his prede-cessors as -a "guardian of the public morals," what more natural than that after adopting, as a matter of policy, the Christian religion, he should at once be-come its protector, and self-constituted guardian, and make it the religion of the people. This he did, and from that time the cross was the banner that led his armies, as whole nations were made Chris-tians (?) by the power of the sword. Soon, instead of the emperors, it was the popes that ruled the nations. There, with in-creased powers, and a more relentless rule, were the self-constituted " guardians of the public morals." All history furnishes abundance of proof that whole nations were converted to the Catholic Church, by the force of arms; or in case of a refusal, were only food for her armies, and their wealth made to fill the coffers of Rome. Thus we see that the idea that the State is, in anyway, to be the con-servator of " public morals," and the power of the State to be wielded in the in-terests of the Church, is of pagan origin and of papal culture. And so it is, that the Protestants in this country are follow-ing unwittingly in the steps of paganism and papalism, in that they are seeking the aid of the State in making this a Chris-tian Nation and securing a recognition of the Christian religion. And Justice Brewer, in his late decision, has, unwit-tingly perhaps, made the Supreme Court the " guardian of the public morals." ŠPv:blius, in the Protestant American. The Beast and Its Image. [In view of recent events, particularly the Su-preme Court decision of February 29, 1892, and the act of Congress closing the World's Fair on Sun-day, the following article from the Signs of the Times, a Seventh-day Adventist paper, of Oakland, CaL , is of interest.] IT has been known by many ten thou-sands in our land and in the world at large that for the last two score years Seventh-day Adventists have held with Protest-ant commentators generally that the beast with ten horns and seven heads, of the thirteenth chapter of Revelation, sym-bolized the Papacy, a system clothed with civil power, or the dogmas of which were recognized and enforced by civil govern-ment. It is not the ecclesiastical system of the Papacy which the prophecy pre-sents. It is not the civil governments of the Roman Empire as such which the beast symbolizes. It is the governments (indicated by the ten horns) into which that empire was divided as dominated by the Papal Church that are portrayed so graphically before us. In other words, it is the recognition on the part of the State, at the demand of the Church, of certain religious dogmas and claims. The Church in the first centuries of the Christian era enunciated her dogmas and her claims, and made her demands. The State in tie first centuries acknowledged those dogmas as divine, those claims as just, and acceded to the demand's of the Catholic Church by crystallizing those dogmas into statute law. This formed the beast. Seventh-day Adventists have also held for the last two score of years, logically held, they believe, that the two-horned beast of the same chapter (verse 11) repre-sents this Government of the United States, the lamblike horns symbolizing the principles of the Government which gave it its power and greatness, the dragon voice showing that this Government is yet to become a persecuting power. This is further shown in the following expression in verses 14, 15:Š Saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword and did live. And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. The word " image " in both the English and original means " likeness." An im-age to the first beast would mean such a combination of Church and State as would make this Government virtually what Rome was. In other words, the Church (whether one or many does not alter the principle) will enunciate her dogmas, put forth her claims, and demand that these claims be recognized, and the Govern-ment will, contrary to the principles on which it was founded and which gave it greatness, recognize these dogmas of the Church by crystallizing them into funda-mental or statute law. Among the claims of the churches of this country, put forth on every possible occasion, is that this is a " Christian Na-tion," and that Christianity should re-ceive recognition by the Government, es-pecially in its oaths, its schools, its courts, its offices, and its postal service. Among the dogmas and institutions which the churches, both Protestant and Catholic, hold as Christian is that of the Sunday, or so-called " Christian Sabbath." All the great churches, as represented in the American Sabbath Union, and in various other ways, have committed themselves to the Sunday institution and are united in demanding its recognition by law. Their demand is based on the claim that this is a " Christian Nation," and that Sunday is the " Christian Sabath," and that, this being so, it is but logical, just, and proper that the State should recog-nize both of these claims. This places the matter in a narrow com-pass and so plain that all can see. The above claims and demands on the part of the churches as a whole no one will deny ; they have been too obvious, too often put forth, too strenuously insisted upon, to be denied. It will also be obvious to all that just as soon as these claims are recognized by the Government of the United States just so soon we have produced before us the image to the papal beast; for that beast was formed by the recognition of the claims and demands of the Church on the part of the State. For one hundred years the Government of this country kept right on in the even tenor of its way, recognizing the claims or religious dogmas of no church or com-bination of churches. It expressly de-clared in the Tripoli treaty and in reports of both Houses of Congress in 1829 and 1830 that this was not a " Christian Na-tion," that it recognized no religion and no Sabbath, and that to do either would be the first step, against which the history of nations in the past stood like a beacon warning. But recently a change has come. The prophetic words of Hon. Richard. M. Johnson have proved true, that " exten-sive religious combinations to effect a political object are always dangerous," and that, if such combination becomes strong and persistent, this civil power, with allŁ that it means, will eventually bend under it, and be controlled by it. (See article entitled " Warnings from the Past," in Signs of Aug. 8.) We now have the beginning of the sequel. On tie 29th of last February the Supreme Court of the United States, through Jus-tice Brewer, decided in so many words that 