AMERICAN SENTINEL. 25 statute, but only what the judges without law and against the Constitution have decided to be the public policy of the State because according to their religious notions they consider it laudable. Indeed, Judge Pryor follows this view so closely that in a case a few days later he refused a certificate to an-other organization, because their articles provided for holding the annual meetings on the last day of every year, and therefore said meetings would sometimes fall on Sunday! And we are required to suppose that such things as this are laudable! it - THE Catholic Review, of January 3, considers Justice. Pryor's decision so laudable a thing that it proce6ds heartily to laud it in the-following fashion :Š "It is well that our citizens should have from time to time an authoritative reminder that this is a Christian land; a land in which the Christian religion is a part of the fundamental law. Such a reminder has quite recently been twice given by Justice Pryor in the Supreme Court on the occasions when he refused certificates of incorpo-rations to societies whose constitutions required or im-plied the holding of merely business meetings on Sunday. Both of these had for their objects nothing, apparently, that was not lawful and proper, and both were composed of Hebrews who keep the Sabbath on Saturday. "The point made by Justice Pryor is that Sunday is a sacred day, to be kept free from business, and that. this is so not merely by virtue of the statutes, but also of the more fundamental law, the unwritten law that makes Christianity a part of our system. " We have several days in the course of the year that are by law exempted from the ordinary obligations of business, such as Washington's Birthday, Memorial Day, Independence Day, and the like, which owe their existence to statutory enactment and are therefore described as '-legal holidays.' But though our statute law recognizes Sunday, to which it usually refers as the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday,' and though that stat-ute law has sought to protect Sunday from profanation by -enactments varying between rigidity and laxity, yet Sunday as `the Lord's day' is not a 'legal holiday,' it is an institution of.  our system, such that,-if by any chance, no mention of it occurred in our statues yet would it be upheld by our courts as a part of the law of the land." From this ready indorsement and use that is made of that decision, it will be seen that it is the most far-reaching thing that has been done toward a 'universal Sunday-religious despotism since the "Christian nation " decision of the United States Supreme Court. Judge' Pryor's Sabbatarian Novelty. New York Jo/erizot. JUDGE ROGER A. PRYOR, Of the Supreme Court of this State, who a few days ago came out strong for Ameri-canism, has now emerged with equal vigor in favor of Sabbatarianism. A number of orthodox Jews had ap-plied for leave to incorporate a religious society, and  Judge Pryor denied the application because the proposed charter provided that the society's annual meetings should be held on the second Sunday in January of every year. Such meetings, in the opinion of the judge, would be "contrary to the public policy of the State, if not to the letter of its law. A thing," he adds, "may be lawful and yet not laudable," which is axiomatic, but does not apply in this case. This is a novel doctrine in a nation whose birth was due to a desire for religious liberty and whose Constitu-tion guarantees its citizens against interference with their personal liberty within the law. But it is perfectly reas-onable, as appears upon reflection. The people choose certain men to be judges over them, men endowed with superhuman virtue and superhuman wisdom, men like Judge Pryor and Magistrate Mott and Justice Divver and the judges of the late Mr. Tweed's time. If they should not supplement the laws enacted by their fallible fellow-citizens with their own virtue and wisdom they would fail in their obvious duty and would not be able to put a good face on it when they come into the presence of the Supreme Tribunal hereafter. The law is only a means to the great end, and not so good a means as Judge Pryor's and Magistrate Mott's heaven-inspired wisdom. A thing may be lawful and yet not laudable, you know. That Promised Prosperity. IN the last three weeks of 1896 there was a failure of a national bank for nearly every business day of - that time, carrying down in their train other banks that were connected with them. In the last eight weeks of the year, of business failures of all kinds there were seventy-five more than in the same period of the year 1895. Of course there are explanations readily offered by those who, before election, made the promises of great prosperity, provided the election should go 'the way it did go. The most remarkable of these explanations, be-cause it is the most authoritative as well as the most scientific, is that -which wns given out December 30, by the Comptroller of the Currency, with reference to the failure of the national banks. He gravely informs the country that one of these banks- belonging to the national system was closed, "because of a want of immediately convertible assets." Oh I" indeed. Would it be impertinent to inquire, How many banks, unless they were deliberately wrecked, were ever closed except "because of a want of immediately convertible assets" ? When a person dies nowadays, and the doctor does not know what caused death, the public is usually in-formed that he died of "heart failure." But unless a person- is instantly killed, he never dies of anything else than heart failure.. For whatever may Ł be the matter with him, so long as his heart -keeps going, that is, so 