AMERICAN SENTINEL. 315 Baptists and Christian Citizenship. From " Baptist Principles of Religious Liberty." by Geo. B. Wheeler. THE Christian Endeavor Convention which met at Boston, July, 1895, in which the Baptists were largely represented, declared itself as standing for Christian citi-zenship:Š " Christian Endeavor stands always and everywhere for Christian Citizenship."ŠOfficial Report, Fourteenth International Christian Endeavor Convention, Boston, 1895, p. 345, Resolution Six. Christian citizenship, as defined by the Christian Citi-zenship League, an organization endorsed by the presi-dent and secretary of the Christian Endeavor Society, is:Š "To reveal Jesus Christ as the Saviour of the nation as well as of the individual."ŠThe National Christian Citizenship League Constitution, Art. 2.. "Christian citizenship maintains the supreme right of Jesus Christ to rule municipal and national as well as private life."ŠThe Christian Citizen, (Chicago), October, 1898. p. 7. The heading to a call recently sent out by the Chris-tian Citizenship League, reads:Š "In the name of the Lord of Hosts. A summons to the followers of Christ to unite against his enemies . "Š The Christian Citizen, October, 1895, p. 3. We give two quotations from the call to show its character:Š " The forces of evil are organized, agressive, insolent, triumphant. Is it not time to marshal the hosts of righteousness in battle array?'.' "If the prayer, Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven,' is ever answered, the people of God must do a twofold work; as in Neh. 4 :16-18 where, trowel in one hand and sword in the other, they simultaneously rebuilt the walls of the holy city, and fought the enemy." Do not these statements clearly indicate a turning away from the power of God which is the gospel, to the carnal weapons of civil warfare, for the purpose of ac-complishing the will of Christ here upon earth? And yet this call was endorsed by a large number of the leading clergymen of the country, including many prominent Baptists. At the Christian Endeavor Convention, held at Wash-ington, D. C., July, 1896, great prominence was given to the subject of Christian citizenship. Fifty-three pages of the Official Report are devoted to this theme, besides the space devoted directly to its kindred theme,Šcompulsory Sunday observance. Baptists were largely represented in this convention. It is a marvel that Baptists could acquiesce in the sentiments expressed on that occasion, and printed in the Official Record One statement reads as follows:Š "One purpose of this great Christian Endeavor movement is to enthrone Christ in our national life. . . . To illustrate: Christ got into our national life when the Pilgrim Fathers, in the cabin of the Mayflower,' entered  into that solemn compact, setting forth that they had undertaken that perilous voyage for the purpose of planting a colony for the glory of God and the advance-ment of the Christian faith, and pledged themselves to frame civil institutions with that end in view. To that pledge they and their descendants were loyal for the next five generations." Is it possible that Baptists have forgotten what they suffered under this attempt to "enthrone Christ in our national life"? Have they forgotten the cruel scourging and banishment they suffered under it? or have they re-pudiated the principles of separation of Church and State for which their fathers struggled and suffered for those five generations? If Roger Williams were here, would he acquiesce in this " Christian Citizenship " movement? or sit in silence while the principles for which he strove and sacrificed are repudiated? Can it be possible that the Baptist church will confirm the enemies of Christianity in their charge that as soon as a weak and persecuted church becomes strong, it repudiates its plea for liberty, and uses the civil powerŠthe weapon of its persecutorsŠto oppress its dissenting brethren? Verily the editor of the Indiana Baptist speaks the truth when he says:Š "Roger Williams should be on earth again to teach some Baptists that the civil magistrate has no author-ity to punish the breaches of the first table of the Deca-logue.' "ŠIndiana Baptist, April 18, 1895. -4 Holding Back vs. Stirring Up Strife. BY BAXTER L. HOWE. THE Lord is worthy to receive glory and honor and power, because he created all things, and for his pleasure they are and were created. Rev. 4:11. When man sold out to Satan, the Lord, whose de-lights were with the sons of men (Prov. 8:31), loved man so much that he "emptied himself" (Phil. 2:7, R. V.) and came to the earth to seek and to save that which was lost. That which God is more interested in than anything else in this world, is his people (Dent. 32:9), and when he divided the nations and separated the sons of Adam (verse 8) at the tower of Babel (Gen. 11:8), he deter-mined the times before appointed, and set the bounds of tliVir habitation (Acts 17:26), that they should seek the Lord; and if they should feel after him they would be sure to find him, for "he is not far from every one of ifs." He gave all life and breath and all things; and when man sinned he put himself just as close to , him as it was possible to get, even taking upon himself man's flesh and' blood. Heb. 2 :14. God not only delivered up his Son for us all, but with him freely gave us all things. Rom. 8:32. All the hosts of heaven are studying the plan of sal-vation (1 Peter 1 :2; Eph. 3 :10), and are ministering for them who shall be heirs of salvation. Heb. 1 :14. They 