THE SENTINEL. OF LIBERTY. 701 is was done by men in the employ of the railroads. The object, it was asserted, was to bring about Fed-eral interference, which was finally secured. This charge seems to be sustained in large measure by evidence brought out in civil suits for damages brought by the railroads against the city and county. Ever since the great strike, attorneys for the labor *unions have declared that the companies dare not allow these facts to be brought out in court, but re-cently one of these, suits was tried and resulted in a verdict in favor of the city on the ground that the railroad companies, through their -own employes, destroyed their own property, expecting, of course, to compel payment for it after the strike. "THERE are those who deplore the fact that no World's Parliament of Religions was conducted in connection -with the Paris Exposition," says the Lutheran Witness. "To make up in part for this seething defect there has recently been held what is called the International Sunday Rest Congress, similar to the one at Brussels in 1896. Now we are not all clear as to what is what in this matter. It is announced that the assemblage was to consider 'only the physical 'and industrial gains arising from the week-day rest,' and yet, in the same breath, this congress is called an evidence of religion in its in-stitutional form.' The very fact that religious jour-nals attach any importance to such a -project indi-cates that it is after all only an ill disguised attempt to further` the cause of the Christian Sabbath.' - If such is the case the Rest Congress is just as much out of place, and will do. just as little real good as the WOrld's Parliament of Religions did." .4 .4 SPEAKING of the results of the eighteenth an-nual session of- the Indian Conference, just held at Lake Mohonk, the Independent says: "-For the In-dian problem there is but one solution and con-clusion,Šthe treating of the Indian just like the white man, giving him the same protection by Iaw, the same privileges of citizenship and education and self-support, the same right and the same risk paddling his own canoe in whatever waters he may choose. ' Then the Indian will no longer constitute an ex-ception to the rule of government by consent of the governed. A ROMAN Catholic writer of some note takes a rather gloomy view of the future of " the church " in France, and predicts that " a day will of necessity come when-they [the Protestants] will drive the cure from his church, the bishop from his cathedral, and every Catholic from public office." If this is the trend in France the conditions are very unlike those in this country. Here Romanism is".making very rapid progress, and is every day in-creasing its political influence. According to the best authorities, the same is true in other countries, notably England and Germany. it .4  SUNDAY golf is said to be causing much discus-sion among golf players themselves at the present time in New England. The. Defender suggests that " some timely, forceful sermons on amusements, their legitimate place, and the time for enjoying them,' delivered from pulpits, might have a re-straining and healthful influence just now, if ministers would only preach them." " MRS. CONGER, in a letter to her neice," says the Christian Endeavor World," tells how a Chinese bul-let made a hole in the Declaration of Independence in the American legation at Peking. The hole will be mended when an American is as safe in China as at home." It will take more than safety in China to repair the injury done to the Declaration of In-dependence, not by Chinese bullets, but by Ameri- can politicians. e.4 CAPTAIN LEARY, until quite recently governor-general of Guam, one of the islands acquired from Spain during the late war, is reported as saying in an interview that " if he had his way he would hang every American citizen who presumed to publicly express 'dissent from the present foreign policy of the Government, as it is being Worked- out in our 'dependencies." It may well be doubted whether the captain made the statement quite as strong as is re-ported, but the sentiment attributed. to him is in perfect keeping with the spirit of imperialism. .4  .4 MANY people have evidently grown tired of wait-ing for the coming of the kingdom of Christ, when war shall be learned no more, and so are declaring that the kingdom of Christ is war!--Farm, Stock and Home. 