AMERICAN SENTINEL. 7 The Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. 18. BY C. H. KESLAKE. As wE have seen, with the Sunday issue before us at this time, we are standing now just where the Reformers stood three hundred years ago. Nor is this all. The wheels of time have been slowly yet surelyrevolving so that the Christian people are made to stand, in a peculiar sense, just where Christ stood over 1800 years ago. Now that it is proposed that Sunday shall be en forced as the Sabbath day, it could not be otherwise than that a controversy should be raised as to whether Sunday is after all the "Christian Sabbath." And espe-cially would we expect this to be so when we remember that the advocates of Sunday rest the whole question of Christianity upon the keeping of that day. The whole gospel is thus involved in the correct settlement of this Sunday question. The purpose of the gospel is to break down sin, to destroy it in the flesh, that the whole beingŠbody, soul, spiritŠshould be brought into joyful submission to God and his righteousness, and all our members be a harmo nious whole in the worship of God our Creator. But it is claimed that no one worships God who does not keep Sunday; and it is further claimed, and justly too, that he who does not worship God is lost. The conclusion therefore is inevitable that he who does not keep Sunday is lost. But is it true that he who does not keep Sunday does not worship God? With such fearful results hinging upon this question it is only natural that those advocat-ing this idea should be asked to give scriptural evidence Ša "Thus saith the Lord"Što substantiate their claim. But when this is done (and it has been done) they con-fess the worthlessness of their claim, by acknowledging the utter silence of the Scriptures with reference to Sun-day. This being so, as any one can see for themselves if they will search the Scriptures, the enforcement of Sun-day observance simply amounts to the compulsory ac-ceptance of man's ideas as to the sacredness of the day. While it is clear that the Bible is silent upon the subject of Sunday sacredness, its friends themselves being wit_ nesses, it is equally clear that it teaches that "the sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Ex. 20: 8-11. It finds its origin in God, and is given to man through Jesus Christ. And throughout the Bible this day is the only recognized Sabbath. It follows therefore that not only in this matter of Sunday enforcement does it amount to the compulsory acceptance of.gman's idea of the Sabbath, but that it is in direct opposition to God's idea of it. The conflict then resolves itself into this: Shall God's idea of the Sabbath prevail, or shall man's? This was the situation in the days of Christ; 'and the  history of our times furnishes almost an exact parallel to those days, the only exception being that the ques-tion was not then which day was the Sabbath, but how should the Sabbath be kept. The controversy now is not, how shall the Sabbath be kept, but what day is the Sabbath. In either case, however, the same principle is involved, and the same results will be reached in the end. With reference to the Sabbath question in Christ's time, it is well known that he and the religious teachers were at variance. They both professed to keep the Sab-bath, yet their acts affecting the day, and their ideas ex-pressed both in their acts and words, were so utterly at variance, that the religious teachers did not hesitate to openly charge Christ with violating the Sabbath. Of course it was not on this point alone that they differed. From the beginning of Christ's ministry it was shown that there was very little in common between him and the Pharisees. And it is manifest that the actions and teachings of Christ tended all the time to lead the people away from the influence of the Pharisees. From all this it was plain enough to be seen, from their point of view, inasmuch as they were the custodi-ans, as it were, of God's Word, and that to them was en-trusted the expounding of the Word, that this man Jesus could not be the Christ of God. Eventually the opposition of the Pharisees narrowed down to a controversy upon the question of the Sabbath. Not that they yielded, or were willing to compromise, on other points in general; but in the matter of the Sab-bath in particular the conduct of Christ regarding it was such that to their mind it eclipsed everything else. Con-sequently the Sabbath question became the test of the Messiahship of Jesus; and upon it was made to hang the destiny of the Jewish nation. This view of the question has not been overlooked, as indeed it could not be, by either faction in the present controversy over the Sabbath. And it is significant that those who are on the Sunday side of the argument, or to speak correctly, some of them, bluntly take the stand, as did a Baptist minister a short time ago in conversation with the writer, and without any qualification, that Christ did not keep the Sabbath, and that for that reason Christ was put to death. It is true that Christ did not keep the Sabbath according to the Jewish idea, and it is true that for this failure he was crucified. In this article we have simply summarized the situa-tion as it existed in Christ's day. But the importance of the subject demands more than a mere reference to it; and we shall therefore enlarge upon it, for the purpose of showing how this question of the Sabbath involves the sin against the Holy Ghost. THE vital question is not, Who will haul down the flag? but, Who will haul down the principle of govern-ment by the consent of the governed, which the founders of this Republic set up? 