630 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Of these benedictions I think the most emphatic is that pronounced upon the peace-makers: "Blessed are the peace-makers, for they shall be called the children of God." Higher praise or a higher title, no man can re-ceive. Now I do not say that these benedictions con-tain an absolute proof that Christ prohibited war, but I say they make it clear that he did not approve it. He selected a number of subjects for his solemn approba-tion; and not one of them possesses any congruity with war, and some of them can not possibly exist in conjunc-tion with it. Can any one believe that he who made this selection, and who distinguished the peace-makers with peculiar approbation, could have sanctioned his follow-ers in murdering one another? Or does any one believe that those who were mourners, and meek, and merciful, and peace-making, could at the same time perpetrate such murder? If I be told that a temporary suspension of Christian dispositions, although necessary to the prosecution of war, does not imply the extinction of ŁChristian principles, or that these dispositions may be the general habit of the mind, and may both precede and follow the acts of war; I answer that this is to grant all that I require, since it grants that when we engage in war, we abandon Christianity. When the betrayers and murderers of Jesus Christ approached him, his followers asked, "Shall we smite with the sword?" And without waiting for an answer, one of them drew "his sword, and smote the servant of the high-priest, and cut off his right ear." "Put up thy sword again into its place," said his divine Master, ''for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." There is the greater importance in the circum-stances of this command, because it prohibited the de-struction of human life in a cause in which there were the best of possible reasons for destroying it. The ques-tion, "Shall we smite with the sword," obviously refers to the defense of the Redeemer from his assailants by force of arms. His followers were ready to fight for him; and if any reason for fighting could be a good one, they -certainly had it. But if, in defense of himself from the hands of bloody ruffians, his religion did not allow the sword to be drawn, for what reason can it be lawful to draw it? The advocates of war are at least bound to show a better reason for destroying mankind, than is contained in this instance in which it was forbidden. It will, perhaps, be said, that the reason why Christ did not suffer himself to be defended by arms was, that such a defense would have defeated the purpose for which he came into the world, namely, to offer up his lift; and that he himself assigns this reason in the con-text. He does indeed assign it; but the primary reason, the immediate context, isŠ"for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." The reference to the destined sacrifice of his life is an after reference. This destined sacrifice might, perhaps, have formed a reason why his followers should not fight then, but the first, the principal reason which he assigned, was a  reason why they should not fight at all. Nor is it nec-essary to define the precise import of the words, "for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword:" since it is sufficient for us all, that they imply reproba-tion. To the declaration which was made by Jesus Christ, in the conversation that took place between himself and Pilate, after he had been seized by the Jews, I would pe-culiarly invite the attention of the reader. The declara-tion refers specifically to an armed conflict, and to a conflict between numbers. In allusion to the capability of his followers to have defended his person, he says' "My kingdom is not of this world; if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight; that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my king-dom not from hence." He had before forbidden his "servants" to fight in his defense, and now, before Pilate, he assigns the reason for it: "My kingdom is not of this world." This is the very reason which we are urging against war. We say that it is incompatible with his kingdom Šwith the state which he came into the world to intro-duce. The incompatibility of war with Christianity is yet more forcibly evinced by the contrast which Christ makes between his kingdom and others. It is the ordi-nary practise in the world for subjects to "fight" and his subjects would have fought Wills kingdom had been of this world; but since it was not of this world, since its nature was purer and its obligations more pacificŠtherefore they might not fight. His declaration referred, not to the act of a single individual who might draw his sword in individual passion, but to an armed engagement between hostile parties; to a conflict for an important object, which one party had previously resolved on attaining, and which the other were ready to have prevented them from attaining, with the sword. It refers, therefore, strictly to a conflict between armed numbers; and to a conflict which, it should be remembered, was in a much better cause than any to which we can now pre-tend.ŠFrom "An Inquiry into the Accordancy of War with the Principles of Christianity." In the Heart. WHEN the law of God is outside of a man it can do nothing but condemn him; and he will see it as an accuser. But when a man consents to have that law written in his heart, its condemnation ceases, and it becomes part of his own life. When the law was written on tables of stone Israel feared, but they did not obey. Now, under the new covenant, God proposes writing that holy law where it will prove effectiveŠon the "fleshy tables of the heart." Heb. 8:10. If you are opposing God's law, ask him to write it upon your heart, andyour opposition will all cease.ŠBible Echo. 