330 AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 2. We shall be beyond sinning. Now we groan for deliverance. Pain and the curse encompass us. The consummation of that hope will bring full redemption to the body. 3. We shall know as we are known. "Now we see through a glass darkly; but then face to face; now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I am Ithown."* News, Notes, and Comment. Tan theory of divine right in government is treason-able'in the United States as well as blasphemous among Christians. It is really nothing but -the European con-ception of the divine right of emperors and kings. It does not matter whether you call a man Czar or Presi-dent, if he owes his position to "the grace of God," and is responsible to Him alone for his actions. It does not matter how you choose your Congress or your legisla-ture, if, after you have gotten either, you propose to consider its proceedings in the light of a revelation, and make it practically an ecclesiastical council. For my own part, I prefer a single tyrant to several hundred. And, if a set of men is to prescribe rules of conduct for me, which I am to accept as "founded on the law of God," I would prefer them to be as few as possible. A smaller despotism is more easily "tempered by assassination," for one thing, than the despotism of the many-headed. * * "DIVINE right" no more exists in the people than in emperor or king. The sovereign people of America are trifled with, and insulted as well, by the puerile maxim " vox populi, vox dei," They know that, try as hard as they may, they often fail to secure the services of public men who are wise and honorable. They know that many wicked laws are passed with wicked purposes, and under the pressuie of wicked, motives. 'They know that mon-strous blunders are repeatedly made in legislation, and gross wrongs perpetrated in the course of public admin-istration. They do not make-the mistake of laying these things at the door of heaven. Sooner or later, they "turn the rascals out." * * AND the people know, too, that they are no more capable of infallibility in the making of a fundamental constitution than they are capable of it in the selection of those who are to act for them under its provisions. Of course, if an American constitution were really "based on the law of God," once promulgated, it would be per-fect and unchangeable by any human agency whatsoever. But American constitutions expressly declare that the people may amend them at any time, and at their own sweet will=so that they have a check on their rulers in general and in particularŠthe first of which may be ap- "Colportage Library," No. 34. plied by simply abolishing the whole frame of govern-ment, and substituting another; and the second, by the operation of the great principle that elections should be "frequent and free." * * AMERICAN democracy, then, is really applied Christi-anity, albeit there is no room for "divine right" any-where in its creed. It applies Christianity to practical politics by removing religion altogetherfrom the business of State-craft. It follows the Master by disclaiming the power and the inclination to soil Christianity with the mire and the dust of civil contention. Not only does it refrain in practice from infringing on individual rights of conscience, but it expressly admits and declares that it has no power to infringe. Every implication otherwise, every suggestion of a connection between civil obligations and duties, and the obligations and duties of the religious life, is rank treason to true Americanism. * NOR is this offence lessened by that wretched juggling with words which some have lately attempted by declar-ing that they do not want Church and State, but they do want religion and State. The two are synonymous terms for the purposes of this argument. A State church, like all other churches, has two distinct functionsŠshe is a master of ceremonies and a director of souls. In her first capacity she is less objectionable than in her last. There is no political reason why the State should not set the details of a gorgeous ritual before the peiaple, except the one of expenseŠwhich, to be sure, is conclusive- The principle of religious freedom and religious equality, which is what Americanism stands for, and is the con-stant object of assaultŠthis is violated whenever and howsoever a religious dogma is incorporated in a stat-ute, and wherever a practice is found, in the course a civil administration, which originated in a religious con-ception, and derives its sanction therefrom. An instance of the first violation is the " Sunday law "; an instance of the second sort is the swearing of witnesses, and the swearing in" of Presidents, etc. ALL "Christian Citizenship" leagues are thus under the ban of the Master's displeasure. Christianity has noth-ing in the world to do with citizenship. A good Chris-tianŠwhich means simply a real ChristianŠcannot but be a good citizen. So a real Christian is of necessity a good father, husband, son, as the case may be. But one may be a good citizen without being or even pretending to be a Christian. Jews make excellent citizens, for ex-ample. Any man that behaves himself with outward de-cency is a good citizen. It does not matter whether be does this because he is afraid of the penitentiary, or because he dreads the social ostracism which would follow a dif-ferent course. He is all right as a citizen, so long as he is all right on the outside. 