TAE AMERICAN' SE,NrrINTRL. 115 is supposed to have little touch upon the private life of the individual, contains in the First Amend-ment a declaration, common to the Constitutions of all the States, as follows : " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," etc. And also provides in Article 1, section 7 (a provision common to many Constitutions), that the Executive shall have ten days (Sundays excepted) within which to determine whether he will approve or veto a bill. There is no dissonance in these dec-larations. There is a universal language pervading them all, having one meaning ; they affirm and reaffirm that this is a religious Nation. These are not individual sayings, declarations of private persons; they are organic utterances; they speak the voice of the entire people. Is there no dissonance here ? There is as much dissonance as between the Mys-tery of Iniquity which had already begun to work in Paul's time, and continues its precedents to the present hour, and the gospel of Jesus Christ; as much disso-nance as between the civil freedom which the Saviour preached, and the religious despotism of which the Pope of Rome is the exponent; as much dissonance as be-tween God and Satan, for one line of thought represents the principles of one, and the other of the other. This opinion quotes further legal decis-ions and opinions to the effect that Chris- tianity is part of the common law, and also the Supreme Court decision in the Girard will case, when the court observed : " It is also said, and truly, that the Chris-tian religion is a part of the common law of Pennsylvania," and emphasizes this by saying :Š If we pass beyond these matters to a view of American life as expressed by its laws, its business, its customs and its society, we find everywhere a clear recognition of the same truth. . . . These, and many other matters which might be noticed, add a volume of unofficial declarations, to the mass of organic utterances that this is a Christian Na-tion. So the Supreme Court of the United States champions an establishment of re- ligion. What. next ? W. H. M. The Animus of the Sunday-Law Movement. THE Christian Statesman of March 26, 1892, gives vent to its malice in this man- ner :Š The New York World of Feb. 16, published the following absurd lie: "Certain clergymen of Key-port, N. J., have banded themselves together for the revival and enforcement of certain exceedingly Blue Laws that linger in the New Jersey statute book. They have decided to prevent the sale of newspapers on Sunday, to stop the delivery of milk and meat, to shut up the barbers shops and cigar stores— and to lay an embargo on the running of street-cars on that day. Further than this, they have decided to compel all the people of Keyport to attend churchŁevery Sunday on pain of imprison-ment in their own houses, under an old provision of law which forbids men to leave their own houses on Sunday except to attend church or a funeral." Now the editor knew, or should have known, that there was no law in New Jersey against the sale of milk (which is always considered as included in the excepted " works of necessity and mercy "), nor any law forbidding a man to leave his own house for other reasons than to attend a church or funeral. The editor would have a funeral of his own on hand if lying was punished as swiftly as in the days of Ananias. This self-evident lie was repeated by the liquor-dealers Sentinel, and by the Seventh-day Adventist Sentinel, which have stood together once before maintaining equally absurd misrepresentations of Sabbath laws at the hearing on the " Blair Sunday Rest bill," in Washington. This is only a fair sample of the way in which Seventh-day Adventists break the ninth command-ment (they break the eighth also by selling their books through deception), in their zeal for their own mistaken interpretation of the fourth. The writer is not aware of just what all certain clergymen of Keyport, N. J., have banded themselves together to do, but he has a copy of the New Jersey  Sunday law, which, by the way, exceeds three thousand words in length, and is aware that the editor-in-chief of the Chris-tian Statesman is doing what he can to prevail upon ministers and others, in every city and hamlet in the country, to form themselves into "Rest Day Leagues" for the prosecution of violators of Sunday laws. In a lecture which said editor de-livered at Hillsdale, Mich., not long since, he boasted of the " League " organized there being his 166th. If any one will take the time to read the provisions on the statute books of New Jersey, regulating Sunday observance, he will readily see that they are not far re-moved in nature and kind from the so-called Blue Laws. Section one provides " That no traveling, worldly employment, or business, or ordinary or servile work, either upon land or water (works of ne- cessity and charity excepted), . . shall be done, performed, used or prac-ticed by any person or persons within the State, on the Christian Sabbath, or first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day" under liability of fine or imprison-ment. The provisions of this same sec-tion are so magnanimous and liberal as to provide that "no person going to or re-turning from any church or place of worship, within the distance of twenty miles, or going to call a physician, sur-geon, or midwife, . . . shall be con-sidered as traveling within the meaning of this act" ! It even goes further and assures the people of New Jersey that it will not meddle with all of their domestic and private affairs, by providing also "that nothing in this act contained shall be construed to prohibit the dressing of victuals in private families, or in lodging houses" ! Section four declares that "no wag-goner, carrier, drayman, drover, butcher, or any of his or their servants, shall ply or travel with his or their wagons, carts, or drays" on Sunday under a penalty of two dollars. Section three of the supplement to the New Jersey revised statutes of 1886, touch-ing transportation on water, provides that certain trustees, directors, and managers shall have power "to regulate and restrain the landing on said premises, by either public or private conveyance, of any per-son on the first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday, except on errands of mercy, sickness, or death."  It is left to the judgment of the candid reader if the New York World greatly overdrew the picture, in classing such pro-visions under the head of " exceedingly Blue Laws," or seriously indulged in either absurdity or falsehood, in its state-ments concerning certain clergymen of Keyport, N. J., provided they are doing nothing more than to review and enforce the Sunday law of their State, which the Statesman did not deny. The most interesting and noteworthy feature of the article above quoted is the peculiar turn which the writer gives to it in his concluding comments. The "absurd lie " which he quotes is from the World, for which the editor of the World is made responsible, but the reader will notice that the Statesman, by some pro-cess of transformation makes this a pre-text to strike a blow at the Seventh-day Adventists, and calls them liars and thieves. He starts out with an alleged falsehood, upon the part of the editor of the World, and. winds up with a venomous fling at Seventh-day Adventists. Referring to the quotation from the World, the Statesman says : " This is a fair sample of the way Seventh-day Ad-ventists break the ninth commandment . . . in their zeal for their own mis-taken interpretation of the fourth." Sam-ples are usually supposed to be taken from the same class or kind which they are set forth to represent. But we have not yet learned that the editor of the World has become a Seventh-day Adventist; and consequently how anything performed on his part can be taken as a "fair sample" of the doings of Seventh-day Adventists is not clear. This peculiar wind-up is only another index to the fact that the whole Sunday-law movement is simply a religious one, prompted by religious bigotry and intol-erance. It would smite everybody as dead as did the Holy Ghost Ananias and Sapphira, who dares to dissent from the wicked thing, and especially so those who differ with it upon religious observances and institutions. The Statesman speaks of the Seventh-day Adventists' "mistaken interpretation" of the fourth commandment. The differ-ence of opinion and practice, and the real cause of enmity in the case, is therefore a matter of interpretation of the Bible. But that civil government has no business whatever with Sabbath or other religious legislation, is evident from the fact that Seventh-day Adventists have the same right to interpret the fourth command-ment and the Bible that any other people have. But we know wp speak the senti-ment of this people, as well as state a fact, when we say that Seventh-day Adventists do not interpret the fourth commandment. It needs no interpretation. They simply take it as it reads. It says, " The sev-enth day is the Sabbath," and that is the day they observe. It is only by " in-terpreting"it, and making it mean some-thing it does not say, that it can be made to read or mean anything else. The Statesman interprets " the seventh day " to mean "the first day ; " the day upon which God rested and which he blessed and sanctified, to mean a day upon which he worked, and one he never blessed or sanctified. And because Seventh-day Ad-ventists take the commandment as it reads, and are not willing to accept the Statesman's " interpretation " of it, they have a " mistaken interpretation " ( !) and the Statesman proposes, by means of Sun-day laws, inquisitors, and Sunday Rest Leagues, to bring their practice to con-form to its interpretation,' of the com-mandment. Evidently it sees in the little company of Sabbath-keepers a Mordecai in the gate. Read the third chapter of Esther. W. A. COLCORD. Ł Uniting with Rome. IN the Christian Statesman, of March 26, I find the following statement taken from the Catholic Universe:Š Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, the senior editor of the Christian Statesman, Pittsburg, evidently does all within his power to establish lines of common ac-tion in which Catholics and Protestants as Chris-tians and Americans can join. It is a worthy pro-gramme, and our best wishes to our good friend in it. What are the "lines of common action in which Catholics and Protestants as Christians and Americans can join," as presented by Mr. Crafts through the col-umns of the Christian Statesman ? It will be readily observed by the readers of 