THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 365 by unholy thoughts. There are plenty of bakeshops open on Saturdays where people can buy their bread for Sundays.' To this statement the Rev. Birnie has the irony to add: 'We do not want to deprive anybody of his rights !' "In discharging the bread sellers Magistrate Crane said to the officer : " 'When the minister makes a complaint against you send him to me, and I guarantee that I will read him a lecture that may interest him and do him good. I do not blame you, but I feel that I am doing a Chris-tian act when I discharge these poor people, who themselves are trying hard to earn bread for their fam-ilies. Now I want you to see this minister and tell him before he makes any more complaints to see me. I would like to talk with him a while.' "It is well to talk to Birnie, although he is prob-ably impervious to reasonŠeither too fanatical or too rascally to allow words to affect his conduct ; but the persons responsible for the Sunday law are the real culprits who have placed in Birnie's hands the power to gratify his bigoted and persecuting propensity. A law enforcing the observance of Sunday is as wildly out of place on our statute books as it would be if it en-forced the rite of baptism. Nobody can point to any good coming from the law that could not be realized without it, and it ought to be forever repealed. When that is done we shall be through with such miscreants as the Rev. Birnie and the gang of conspirators against liberty who employ him as their agent." The paper from which the foregoing is taken is the Truth Seeker, whose editor is an agnostic. Now isn't it too bad that he has opportunity to record such unchristian acts on the part of a minister of the Chris- tian religion? It certainly is. But it should be remembered that this man Birnie is no worse than the system which he represents. It is the law that is at fault, and consequently the senti-ment back of the law ; and yet that same sentiment is by some called "Christian sentiment." But "by their fruits ye shall know them." Persecution Ended in Triumph. The readers of the Sentinel remember that not long ago a Seventh-day Adventist minister was banished from Kharput to Equin in Asia Minor. The Arme-nians had stirred the government against him at Khar-put, that he might be sent away, that nobody might come to the knowledge of the truth. But God took their plan and used it to the salvation of others. The minister after gaining his freedom in Equin began to teach in the Protestant church. This was a unique opportunity offered to us by Protestants in Turkey. He labored several months without any success, the people seeming very indif-ferent to what was preached. But in these later days  all at once several souls have been awakened to study the Bible, and two men and four women have begun to keep the Sabbath. One of the women is the teacher of the orphanage school opened by American mission-aries after the massacre. She is teaching the truth to the orphans also, and a good interest has been awak-ened among the children. She is sure that as soon as the missionaries hear about her obedience, she cannot longer stay there. Another sister is the wife of the master of a factory running with the capital given by missionaries. Her husband also is very friendly to the truth. These things will surely arouse antagonism from the missionaries and jealous souls. Let us see what will happen next. Z. G. BAHARIAN. Constantinople, May 17, two. An advocate of Sunday observance by law says of a recent Sunday theatrical show in Boston, Mass., "Of all the Sunday entertainments I have witnessed, this was the most disgraceful." We recommend that next time he stay away from the show, and thus set a good example before others. The disgraceful show would not exist if there was no public demand for it; and as long as there is such a demand the show will find some means of existence. Continuing, this observer says that "there was no pretence, even, of anything sacred, and every number was a vaudeville act or a comic opera scene, and identically the same as present-ed at week-day performances, excepting costumes." If this is so, then identically the same reason exists for its suppression on "week days" as on Sunday. If such shows interfere with the rights of the people they should be prohibited; but as nobody is obliged to go to them, it is difficult to see how they constitute an infringement of rights. They are of course very de-grading and demoralizing spectacles, but the law can-not go outside the sphere of rights. Only in that sphere can it be effective. In the sphere of morals the law is without a guideŠa juggernaut running wild and doing incalculable damage. The natural rights of mankind are self-evident, and with them the law of mankind can safely undertake to deal. In the sphere of morals one must have the guidance of Omniscience, which can be secured only by the individual act of faith. The death list of American soldiers in the Philip-pines has passed the 2,000 mark. Two full regiments of American soldiers have gone down to death since the beginning of the present war, and the end is not yet. The character of anything is not fixed by the name that is given to it. "A rose by any other name would smell as sweet." 