220 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Let the Protestant denominations of the world unite in this one thing, a determination to cease meddling in the politics of the world, and stand squarely for a separ-ation of religion from the civil affairs of their countries. Then will they be on the road again to true, vivified Protestantism. Let them, like a growing tree, snap the cords of man-made creeds that human hands have bound about them to stifle their progress in things divine, and give themselves the chance to grow that God always de-signed they should have, turning again to "the Bible and the Bible only" for their rules of faith and practice; then look to God, and not to any human government, for the help and strength necessary to carry on their work. Then will they have success; then will they have the blessing of God; then will they win converts not only from Catholicism but from every form of error, and from every benighted region in the world; then will they be Protestants indeed, working God's will in the earth. And may God grant that many of them will do this right speedily. Defective " Proof." As proof that "this is a Christian nation," it is often cited that this country was discovered by a Roman Catholic, that it was first colonized by the "Pilgrim Fathers," that Roger Williams and William Penn were founders of two of the early colonies, that other settle-ments were mode by religious men, that George Washing. ton prayed at Valley Forge, that the Presidents in their official utterances have often referred to religion, that all the States have had Sunday laws, etc. Admitting for the sake of argument that all these things constituted evidences of Christianity, they still come very far short of warranting the conclusion named. Suppose we in-quire how many things there are in the history of this nation which indicate the opposite of Christianity. Can anyone doubt but that as many or even more acts and utterances might be cited of an opposite character to those relied on for proof of the nation's Christianity ? Columbus, for example, enslaved the helpless natives of the West Indies, pursued them with bloodhounds and put hundreds of them to a cruel death. Plainly, there-fore, Columbus was not a Christian, and this country was not discovered by a Christian. The Puritans settled New England; but with their pious customs may also be cited their cruel persecution of Baptists and Quakers. Is the proof to be drawn from them for, or against, Christianity? George Washington prayed at Valley Forge, it is said. But if this be proof of the nation's Christianity, what is proved by the fact that the same person was known to utter profane oaths ? If religious forms, religious laws, and official religious proclamations are evidence of national Christianity, what is evidenced by the practice of the great majority  of the people in disregarding such laws and proclama-tions ? What is evidenced by the fact that not only in society generally, but even in the orthodox Church, there is habitual disregard of the day believed to be the Chris-tian Sabbath, to an extent which elicits loud complaints from Christian ministers ? In short, if the professions of the people are generally favorable to Christianity, for how much does this count against practices which must be called unchristian, in establishingŁ the claim of Christian character for the nation? To have a measure of respect for Christianity, to conform more or less to Christian observances and-cus-toms, or.even to profess Christianity, does not make this a Christian nation. It is the life that testifies of Chris-tianity, or of the lack of it. Christianity is nothing less than the life of ChristŠChrist dwelling in human flesh on the earth, as he did long ago in Judea. Is the nation, then, judged by the lives of its people,Šnot only by their words, but by their actions which speak louder, and by their evil deeds as well as their good onesŠa Christian nation? From no other standpoint of judgment can this question be fairly or truly determined. THE egotist gets out of the Bible "higher criticism." The humble believer gets from it the higher life. IN enforcing Sunday observances, Roman Catholics and Protestants stand united on religious ground. But when Pilate and Herod were made friends, there was something wrong at the bottom of it; and there is some-thing wrong about the like spectacle to day. Notice. MONEY should be sent to this office by Postal Money Order or by Express Money Order or by draft on New York City. Checks or drafts on banks in other cities cost exchange. Small amounts may, Ve sent in Postage Stamps. If bills or coin is sent the letter should be reg-istered. The Postal Money Order is the cheapest and safest. Pacific Press Pub. Co., Publishers American Sentinel, 39 Bond St., New York City. Back Numbers. BACK numbers of each issue of the year with the ex-ception of January 12 and February 23, can be ob-tained at this office. Our rates: One cent per copy in bulk, or one and a quarter cents per copy when wrap-pers are addressed to individuals, from list of names sent in. 