81 Amima,140.A.NT VoL. 11, No. 11. are destructive of human rights; and it lies within human power to enact and enforce laws which will protect the people in the en-joyment of their rights, to a great degree. But such laws do not make men moral, and are not designed for that purpose. They can create an outward appearance of morality, but the whited sepulchres to which the Saviour likened the Pharisees, had a good outward appearance. The Pharisees were very moral in outward appearance. When men mistake the outward appearance of morality for the thing itself, they are in a position to become the victims of the worst deceptions, and to commit the gravest errors of legislation from which mankind has ever suffered. SUNDAY AND THE SALOON. A SMALL pamphlet, entitled, "Summing up Against the Sunday Saloon," has been " writ-ten for the Church Temperance Society," by " Col. B. F. Watson, Chairman of the Legis-lative Committee." We have been favored with a copy of this pamphlet, and find in it statements which call for notice in the col-umns of the SENTINEL. The author divides his subject into a num-ber of topics, under the general heading of " Local Option' as to the Enforcement of the Ten Commandments in Cities of the First Class.' " At the,  outset he notices the fact that a bill was recently introduced into the New York Legislature, entitled, " An Act to provide for submitting to the electors in cities of the first class, the question, Shall spirituous liquors, wines, ale, and beer, be sold on Sunday between the hours of 1 P. M. and 10 P. M.?" He then begins his attack by saying,* "The majority of those voting in a first-class city is empowered by this bill to decide for the State, that such city may dese-crate, Sunday by publicly carrying on the most offensive and dangerous traffic in the list; that such city's vote may suspend from operation, within its limits, a State law by which the entire State outside of its limits is fast bound. In effect, this would enable a favored locality through its own option to se-cure not only the monopoly of desecrating the Lord's day,' but the unconstitutional mo-nopoly of selling spirituous liquors seven days in the week while the rest of the State is re-stricted to six days." This much is sufficient to show the stand-point from which the pamphlet is written. The author argues for legislation against the Sunday saloon, to prevent " desecration " of the " Lord's day; " in other words, he wants irreligion put down by the civil law,Šwhich means that the majority shall suppress by law everything that may be contrary to their re-ligion. As already noticed, he states the issue as being "local option as to the enforcement of the ten commandments in cities of the first class," although, as shown elsewhere in this week's SENTINEL, the law of God cannot be enforced by human power.. Nor is it proposed by any class of citizens to vote on a question of local option in such a matter. Coming to the second division of his sub-ject, the author says, " The issue is, Shall divine commands be defied and the policy of the Republic reversed? " Bearing in mind that the question under consideration is wholly one of the enactment and enforcement of a civil law, it is evident that the real issue raised is, Shall religious observances be en-forced by civil law and the policy of the Re-public reversed? For that policy is reversed * Italics ours. by any scheme which aims to compel people in things pertaining to religion. Under this topic the author notices the fact that " surrender to the saloon is not only ca-pitulating to a notorious law-breaker, but is also a craven attempt to propitiate a traffic whose fruits, gathered during only six days of the week, are fully three-fourths of all the crime and pauperism which pile up our taxes, which endanger and pollute our streets, and by which the hearts of helpless mothers and wives are wrung." And this being so, as it unquestionably is, how can Christian men and women be willing to surrender to the saloon by legalizing it on six days of the week? For the Sunday prohibitory law sanctions two things: it sanctions Sunday as a day different in character from other days of the week; and it sanctions the saloon, by giving its traffic legal protection during six days of the week. Legal Sanction for a Law-breaker. Think of it! " a notorious law-breaker " given legal protection in his business six days in every week! " A traffic whose fruits, gathered during only six days of the week, are fully three-fourths of all the crime and pau-perism which pile up our taxes, which endan-ger and pollute our streets, and by which the hearts of helpless mothers are wrung," is given legal sanction for six days in every week ! Why is not this " notorious law-breaker " outlawed and shut up like other law-breakers? Or if not shut up, why at least should it be recognized and its nefarious business sanc-tioned, during six-sevenths of each week ? This murderous thing is recognized and sanc-tioned and clothed with respectability as a law-abiding institution, in order that special recognition may be given to Sunday as a sacred day! For were it not for the supposed sanctity of Sunday as the divinely-appointed rest day, it would never have been proposed to legalize the saloon by a Sunday "law." And there is no other visible source from which legal sanction for the saloon could be derived, with the support of the best classes of American citizens. In other words, but for this desire to legalize Sunday on the part of so many well-meaning but mistaken citizens, who largely constitute the class from which alone real opposition to the saloon can be derived, this death-dealing institution would be left like other institu-tions, to stand upon its own merits; and having no merits of its own, its eventual fall would be a matter of reasonable hope. The opposition of the better class of citizens would not have a ground of compromise upon which they cease to wage the battle, leaving the saloon to emerge victorious from its fight for life, invested with a borrowed respectability as a Sunday-observing and law-abiding insti-tution. The people are now saying to the saloon, You may exist and go on with your business, if you will keep Sunday. And this is just what will be said erelong to the people them-selves. The author of " Summing Up " goes on to say that " saloon opening abolishes the sacred Sunday"Šnot a very stable institution, surely, if it can be abolished thus easily. It is not so with God's Sabbath, for though heaven and earth should pass away, God's word and his sacred institutions which rest upon it would still stand fast. Scripture and Reason against Sunday. He then takes up the question, "Is Sunday hallowed by divine authority?" After stating the position of those who contend for the observance of the seventh day, he says: " On  the other hand, the contention of Christians generally has always been that it nowhere ap-pears that the Sabbath day of the fourth com-mandment, or prior to it, was the seventh day of the week, as time is now divided; that the essence of the commandment is, that after six days' work, the next, the seventh, should be sacred as a day of rest, because God himself hallowed such a day or period of rest, by himself resting thereon after the six days of creation." But can any person tell how God's rest day could have been any other than the seventh day of the week when it was his divi-sion of time into periods of seven days, at the close of creation, that made the week ? For the week originated in no other way than by the act of the Creator in instituting the Sab-bath, after having worked six days in making the heavens and the earth. Again, who does not see that hopeless con-fusion would result from a practical applica-tion of this " seventh-part-of-time " theory, each man resting whenever he might choose after seven days of labor. In such a state of things there would be as many sabbaths as there were days in the week; and thus God's commandment would defeat itself, since the whole idea of the Sabbath is that the day is set apart Š" sanctified "Šfrom other days. Who will dare charge God with being the author of confusion, and with giving a com-mandment which annuls itself ? If man finds it necessary to have one day of rest for all alike, did not the Omniscient see that necessity when he gave the Sabbath to mankind ? Is it left for man to correct an error on the part of the Almighty! ButŠstranger yet if possibleŠour author proceeds to say that " the fourth command-ment, in this sense, adopts Sunday"! In the sense of not commanding the observance of a particular day, but only of one day in seven, the commandment adopts Sunday! A pro-found statement, truly, upon which comment would be superflous. An Unsound Maxim. In the third division of the subject the author asserts that "whether Sunday is or is not sacred by divine authority, it is decreed by immemorial law." But can the " im-memorial law " of man set aside the eternal law of the Creator ? He cites the fact that "aside Łfrom the question whether or not Sunday supersedes the Sabbath, or shares with it divine sanction, it is, as a day of rest and worship, invested with the sanction of human law from the time of the first Chris-tian emperor Constantine to the present," and adds, " To this general proposition, then, to this universal custom eighteen hundred years old, reenforced by that imperative law of nature which demands stated periods of rest from labor, . . . the stubborn soul must sub- mit, and may do so gracefully by adopting as its own the maxim, Vox populi, vox Dei.'" Not only is this the " graceful " way of acquiescing in such a thing, but it is the only way; for the only support the Sunday insti-tution has, is the idea that " the voice of the people is the voice of God." But this " maxim" is most untrue. "Let God be true, but every man a liar." Rom. 3: 4. When the Saviour rode into Jerusalem, the voice of the people said, "Hosanna to the Son of David!" but less than one week later, in the same city, the voice of the people said, " Crucify him!" This illustration reveals the exact amount of truth that this maxim con-tains. This suffices to show the nature of this new weapon added to the Sunday armory, and the amount of dependence that can be placed upon it. It is like all the rest that have been,  