460 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Notes from the Field. IOWA. IN a quiet way the agitation for Sunday enforce-ment is going on in this State. In a meeting recently held at Creston, the speaker was asked if the Jews and Seventh-day Adventists ought to be compelled to ob-serve Sunday as a rest day, after having rested con-scientiously on the seventh day, while the command-ment said, "Six days shalt thou labor." His answer was that if they did not abide by the laws, subject to the powers that be, they should be banished to Devil's Island, or some other place. They were a conscientious people, but sadly deluded. * * MICHIGAN. LANSINNLŠOn Sunday, July 2nd, just preceding the anniversary of our Nation's birth, the various congre-gations of Lansing, Mich., joined in union service on the front steps of the State Capitol. The minister who gave the address was the same one who a few weeks before had urged the civil authorities to pass a religious meas-ure. He declared that he could make the law operative if it were passed. He told how he had secured the en-forcement of a similar statute in another State. It was by getting the chief of police and prosecuting attorney "at swords points" with each other. Thus are the prin-ciples of truth and right perverted by those who are be-lieved to be representatives of the Prince of Peace. C. G. HOWELL. NORTH CAROLINA. ASHEVILLE is agitating the Sunday question again. Some six months ago the matter was up, but nothing seemed to be accomplished. It appears that the power of closing on Sunday rests with the aldermen, and it is said that some of these are interested in the concerts held at the park, and the street cars that haul the peo-ple out. In order to increase the receipts at the park these wise city fathers passed a law that the drug stores should not sell soda water on Sunday. This competi-tion does not suit the church element of course, and so they are howling that the street cars are doing more harm in carrying the people to the park away from re-ligious services than was done by the drug stores in selling soda water. And thus the agitation goes on. R. D. HOTTEL. UTAH. THE ministers of Ogden have been engaged in a con-flict with Sunday baseball. After working the matter to the best of their ability, the result was a test case of the city ordinance. These reform efforts have so far proved futile. In the Springville Independent, of May  25, it was reported that the Salt Lake Clerks' Associa-tion threatened to prosecute all clothing and other stores which keep open on Sunday; I have not yet heard of any arrest. ALFRED WHITEHEAD. MINNESOTA. LAST winter, a bill was introduced in the legislature, which provided that it should be a part of the duty of the Commissioner of Labor to look after the matter of Sunday work. The bill was pushed through, and has received the signature of the governor. Query: Why should not the said Commissioner of Labor look after the matter- of Monday or Tuesday work? The answer proves this to be purely religious legislation. H. F. PHELPS. 4.  Pointed Press Paragraphs. IT is becoming fairly evident that none of the na-tions are willing to begin disarming until all the others-have finished.ŠDetroit News. PERHAPS it is just as well that we did not undertake to whip the Filipinos first and Spain afterward.ŠThe Ledger, Philadelphia. THOUGH there may be a gentle art of making enemies, a gentle art of making war is yet to be discovered, and there is something incongruous in the idea.ŠChicago Times-Herald. VERY solemnly and seriously the peace delegates at The Hague are deciding what may and what may not be done in time of war. It is interesting to see the nations of the world thus repeating on a great scale for national fighting the ar-duous labors performed by the Marquis of Queensberry in behalf of prize fighting. The marquis says, "You must not hit below the belt." The nations say, "You must not use dum dum bul-lets." The marquis says, "You must not strike in a clinch." The nations say in their latest announcement: "You must not drop explosives from a balloon." This is all very well, but the marquis knows and the men at The Hague know, that when rough and tumble fighting comes on, all these beautiful rules are forgotten and men destroy each other as best they can.ŠN. Y. Journal. GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT'S idea [and the idea of many others as well] that it is outrageous and even treason-able to criticise the Administration's policy or no pol-icy in the Philippines would not pass muster in England. He is more imperialistic than the imperials. The London Spectator, though favoring a firm and 