580 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American $entinel. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 15, 1898. IN the Christian warfare there is never any trouble from bad rations, or from neglect of the One in com-mand. THERE are never any " dull times" in the vineyard of the Lord. The world was never overstocked with Christians. IN David's time the faith of a strip-ling was more powerful than the sword of a giant. And God has not changed. THE articles we are now printing on "Spain and Her Methods," by a late missionary to Brazil, will give the reader a fair idea of the nature and value of the civilization brought by Spain to the western world. THE assassination of the empress of Austria was as senseless a crime as it was diabolical; and as such it was a deed characteristic of the times. But while having its origin in the vagaries of a brainless fanatic, its consequences may weigh heavy upon the world. To the aged emperor Francis Joseph, it comes as the crowning calamity of a life already made conspicuous by miisfortune. HOWEVER the czar's peace proposal may be received in various lands by the people, events are already mock-ing at the plan by precipitating a war crisis more serious than has arisen before in years. The dissolu-tion of the Austrian throneŠand with that of the empireŠwhich may fol-low the assassination of the empress Elizabeth, is regarded as a source of much danger to the peace of Europe, but more serious than this is the news that a French force has estab Ł lished itself directly in the path of British conquest in the Soudan. Brit-ish ambition has as one of its bright-est dreams a railway running all the way in British territory from Cairo to Cape Town; and no rival power may think to shatter that dream  with impunity. An imperial ruler may propose peace, but imperial am-bition never dreams of it. THE Hawaiian Islands, it is said, will be given the status of a Territory of the United States, being governed as such Territories are upon the American Continent. In time, they may be admitted as a State of the Union. Porto Rico will probably be put upon the same footing. Previ-ous to this United States territory has been acquired by purchase` or treaty; but the natural method of imperialism is by conquest. THERE is, says the Open Court, a great revival of Buddhism taking place in India. Buddhistic schools and journals are being established in Colombo, Calcutta, and other places, and one prominent Buddhist journal is sounding a loud call to all Budd-hists to unite in one grand crusade to recover India. It is not strange that it should be so. These are days when nothing that is positive for evil or for good remains inactive, but is, on the contrary, being infused with new life and intensity. And this is but a token of the approaching climax of the long contest between good and evil, and after that comes the end: Are you watching these things, reader, and are you ready for the end ? THE papacy has it in mind to ob-serve the close of the century with a grand celebration which will mark .in a fitting manner the exit of the nineteenth century and the advent of the twentieth. This celebration of course will do honor to the papacy. It will be of a nature to convey the impression that the papal church is the vanguard of the procession that moves in the direction of progress and modern enlightenment. The committee having the matter in charge have published an extensive program, which includes pilgrimages to various "holy" places in France, Italy, and Spain. "In particular," it is said, "there is to be a dedication of the Catholic world anew to the divine Heart of Jesus." Certainly  the Catholic world is in need of some-thingŠSpain especiallyŠbut it would seem that if former dedications had been of value, a turn of fortune would not be so sadly needed now. THAT church and state ought to be kept separate, is a Christian truth as well as a principle of American gov-ernment. Jesus Christ himself stated it, and we as Christians have a right to state it now. We are not doing anything inconsistent with a profes-sion of Christianity when we state it. Yet the SENTINEL has been sharply criticised on the ground that, since it professed to be Christian and maintained that Christianity could not mix in the affairs of civil govern-ment, it had no business to be telling the people how the Government ought to be run. Such critics should re-member that Christ himself is the author and first exponent of this governmental principle, and that to criticise its enunciation is to criticise him. In setting forth this principle the SENTINEL is taking no part in the affairs of civil government. Let the civil government be kept separate from religion; then let it be run as the fortune of politics may decide. THE forces of the Mandi in the Soudan have been crushingly defeated by the British and Egyptian forces that have been penetrating south-ward into the heart of the dark con-tinent under the command of General Kitchener. For the first time since rapid-firing guns were invented, an opportunity was afforded at this battle to test the effectiveness of these weapons against a large army of courageous fighters; and the result-ing slaughter seems to have fully jus-tified the expectations of their in-ventors. The Arabs were mowed down like grass, and more than 10,-000 of them lay dead upon the plains when the firing ceased,Šas great a number as were killed on both sides at the battle of Gettysburg. Though the Madhi's army was treble the size of the British and Egyptian force, and fought with the most reckless courage, the wholerloss of the latter was less than three hundred men. 