THE AMER.IC.A.N SENTINEL. 69 cern the difficulty the others had encountered by antagonizing the Catholics, and sought to avoid it by saying that he had nothing against the Catholics, as a church, and thought they ought to have their say in all great questions. The only fault he found with them was that they were "introducing into politics religious questions which are destined to produce sad results." Af-ter deploring the situation, he said that " if this amendment pass, it will remove religious ques-tions from politics." Upon being questioned by one of the Senate Committee as to the nature of the political agita-tion caused by the Catholics, the speaker said that their religion called them to yield obedience to a foreign potentate rather than to the United States Government, and therefore their church "is a perversion," to which he was opposed. He wanted the amendment to pass in order to put a quietus on the teaching of such a system, and also that such principles might be taught in our public schools as would cultivate assimilation to American ways. Just how the proposed amendment is fitted to cultivate assimilation to American ways is hard to define ; for if American ways are to be judged by the National Constitution, the proposed amend-ment is most intensely un-American ; for that in-strument distinctly provides that Congress shall make no laws respecting the establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. But if an amendment shall become law which establishes certain forms and prohibits the free exercise of the Catholic, or Jewish, or any other religion, then this country will be no longer Amer-ican in its principles, but will be like the arbitrary powers that ruled Europe in the days of supersti-tion and ignorance. But Dr. Morris, upon cross-examination, finally concluded after all that Catholics would not be subjected to any inconvenience, because they now really accept the principles of the Christian re-ligion. He did not seem to notice the conflict be-tween this statement and his former one, that their principles of faith were so different from that held by himself and others that he wanted an amendment to the Constitution to cure evils growing out of religious questions that the Cath-olics were weaving into politics, which were caus-ing trouble to American ideas of Christianity. Neither did he explain why the Catholics were now so afraid to have their children taught by Protestant teachers as to forbid their attendance at public schools. It seems strange that this should be so if they are so much in harmony with the principles of the Christian religion that they could quietly acquiesce in having their children taught in schools where the majority of the teach-ers would be Protestants, and would, as such, teach the principles of Christianity. Then, too, how strange that an amendment to the Constitu-tion should be needed to neutralize the power of the Catholics, if they are already in harmony with the proposed change. Then, again, how ridiculous the idea that such an amendment would forever remove religion from politics. One clause of the proposed amend-ment provides expressly that Congress shall have power to legislate from time to time upon the measures of the bill, as it becomes necessary. How plain, then, that as the religious complexion of the governing power changes, religious ques-tions will continually arise for adjustment, only to be settled according to the will of the existing Majority, which, in some cases, as in other ques- tions, would be a complete subversion of previous legislation. Indeed, when the proposed amend-ment is effected, religion has then just been really introduced into politics, to worry and harass the, Nation with the feuds engendered by political wire-pulling. Better let well enough alone, before it is meddled with. But these men will not be satisfied till they get what they demand, no mat-ter what it entails on the Nation. If those who are so eager to promote such folly were the only ones to suffer, it would not be so bad, but when this scheme is well afloat, it will carry the entire Nation into the whirlpool of religious strife. J. 0. CoRmss. Washington, D. C., Feb. 18, 1889. The Intolerance of National Reform. THERE are certain necessities which naturally grow out of the conditions that exist among the various forms of society adopted by men. Civil government is, or should be, simply the crystal-lization, so to speak, of certain rules governing and regulating these necessities. These rules, naturally taking the form of common law, should bear with equal force upon all classes of society coming within their jurisdiction. Therefore, civil government, if properly administered, should be, in the highest sense, the representation of the will of each individual, as one of the component parts of the entire fabric of human society. Each in-dividual should have a voice in the forming of those laws which govern the body politic, in order to have a successful and a harmonious form of government. This is the right which is guaranteed to all, under our present National Constitution. But, right at this juncture, the National Re-formers rise up and insist that the real elements of success and harmony are still lacking, and that, in order to supply this lack, it is necessary to incorporate certain religious features into the Constitution and the civil law. " Let all Chris-tian laws, institutions,.and usages," say they, "be placed on an undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land." This, and this only, they claim, is what will save this Nation, and assure to it true harmony in all its workings. It will take but a moment's thought to see that the only way in which harmony could pos-sibly exist under such conditions as these, would be for each individual to recognize the moral obligation of these Christian laws, institutions, and usages, and be willing to conform to them. "Exactly so," say National Reformers, "and this is precisely the reason why we want these matters placed on a legal basis, in order that every indi-vidual may recognize them as part of the funda-mental law." But, hold! will the fact that these institutions are a part of the fundamental law be sufficient to convince the minds of all who are subject to it that this law is therefore right? and will moral obligation be thus enforced? In other words, will might make right in the minds of the people? As before shown, individuals can agree on certain rules regulating their civil relations toward each other, because these rules are simply for the regulation of certain necessary conditions, and it is this unanimous consent which constitutes, in a large measure, the strength of all republican forms of government. But will there be such a unanimous agreement when the questions involved are those of religious faith and practice? It is very evident that there will not be. So We. "see that the very moment  the question of the individual's relation to a divine power arises, a dilemma at once appears. If each individual recognizes the obligation of these moral requirements, he will certainly obey them, inasmuch as they emanate from a source which is, to him, higher than any human au-thority whatever; and in that case there would be no necessity of enforcing these higher require-ments by the power of civil law. If, on the other hand, these duties toward God did not present themselves before the minds of all, and yet by the power of civil law these moral obligations were made legal obligations as well, would such enforced obedience be acceptable in the sight of God? Assuredly not; for Łif God had desired such obedience as this, he would undoubtedly have deprived man of the power of free moral agency at the outset of his career, a fact which even National Reformers would be slow to admit. But in their desire to enforce this moral obedience by the power of civil law, they virtually deprive mankind of this God-given right of the power of moral choice, and thereby place themselves in the unenviable position of instructors of the Almighty! Is it not a wonder how God has managed during all these years to govern his creation without the help of these self-appointed teachers? It is this supreme, self-satisfied assurance on their own part, which leads them to be so in-tolerant of the opinions of others. Religious con-victions, whether true or false, have always been the strongest emotions of the human heart, and when the ability to enforce these convictions upon others has been conferred by law upon any class of religionists in the past, the result has always proved disastrous. The work of the ancient Scottish Covenanters, and of the Romish Church as well, is a fair example of this. History fur-nishes no instance to the contrary, nor would it, though the experiment were to be a thousand times repeated. Whenever the power of civil government falls into the hands of any religious body, the result must be an abuse of that power for the furtherance of so-called religious ends. In the very nature of the case it could not be otherwise. The very knowledge of having the power to enforce a dogma or doctrine, is a temp-tation which it is difficult to resist. Although it would seem that these principles are so plain to all that even National Reformers would see them, and avoid the direful results which must naturally come from them, we see the lust for power so far overcoming their con-scientious scruples that already they begin to use the same intolerant expressions that characterized the followers of Ignatius Loyola, and others of his class, in the past. For instance, take the following, from a sermon delivered by Rev. T. De Witt Talmage, in Brooklyn, N. Y., October 26, 1884:Š " It is a matter of vast interest whom these great masses of humanity are going to vote for. . . . American politics will never be purified and made decent by anything less pungent and all-pervading than the Christian religion. . . I hope to live to see in this country a party with two planks in its political platform, the ten com-mandments and the sermon on the mount. That would sweep the land like a tornado. . . . This is what we ought to have, and what we will have, Ša National religion. . . . What we need is such multitudes of converted, and evangelical people that they shall be in the majority, and that they shall control everything that is secular as well as everything religious. . . . The Chris-tian religion will yet take possession of every 