Nrs  -took ,°49  9,11i492 NEW YORK, J 1":j. 1892. 200 THE KNIRRICAN SENTINEL. vol. 7, No. 25. NOTE.ŠAuy one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. A " WITCH " has been sentenced to death in Sonora, Mexico. The victim is a girl only twenty years of age, and her only offense is being credited by the people with miraculous powers in the healing of disease, for which she steadfastly refused to accept any compensation. But this is in Mexico. ŠoŠ IN Tennessee, conscientious, Christian men, observing the Bible Sabbath, are taken from their families and fined and imprisoned, and executions issued against their property to pay the fees of their official persecutors. And their only of-fense is quietly working on Sunday in order that they may provide things non-est in the sight of all men. This is not in Mexico, but in the United States, "the home of the free!" But it is according to lawŠand so are the witchcraft proceedings in Mexico, and so they were in Massachusetts two hun-dred years ago. Š0Š IT is a matter of testimony in the late Tennessee Sunday cases that while none of the witnesses were disturbed they had "heard some complaints." What the na-ture of the complaints were we are left to surmise, except for a slight clew given by one witness who stated that "some thought the work ought to be stopped." This in-dicates that the annoyance was only of that hazy sort always occasioned in nar-row minds by the knowledge that every-body does not agree with them. It could be felt just as keenly fifty or a hundred miles from the scene of the work as within sight or sound of it; and is, in fact, no annoyance of which the State has a shadow of just right to take cognizance. Š0Š IT seems a little strange that the courts of Tennessee hold that work done on Sun-day by Seventh-day Adventists " is to the great annoyance and disturbance of the people, to the evil example of society, prejudicial to public morals, and a public nuisance to the citizens of the county, and against the peace and dignity of the State," when the judges and attorneys who prosecute these cases for the State know that the Adventists are among the very best citizens of the State. Were the people of the State all as well disposed  and as conscientious as are these Advent-ists there would be no need either of criminal courts or of prisons. Indeed, all courts might be disbanded, for what-ever slight difficulties might arise would be settled by arbitration. Schools would abound, but saloons would be unknown. Is it reasonable that the example of such people is evil, and prejudicial to public morals ? ŠoŠ IT may not be amiss to remind the readers of THE SENTINEL that in their zeal for the morals of the country the supporters of Sunday-Sabbath sacred-ness by law, sent in from the States of Ohio and Michigan petitions purporting to represent nearly two millions more people than the total population of both States! Š0-- IT seems that the Attorney-General for the Northwestern District of Tennessee means to make good his threat to prosecute the Adventists to the full extent of the law; for, not content with sending some of them to jail for quietly pursuing their voca-tions on Sunday, he is endeavoring to take their property for the payment of costs. However, only one of the imprisoned men has, we believe, property that can. be  taken under the law of Tennessee. A homestead, and necessary farming imple-ments are, we understand, exempt from execution, even for costs. Š0-- THE " luxuries " which this imprisoned Adventist has, and of which the sheriff must deprive him and his family to satisfy the majesty of Tennessee law, are a spring wagon used for going to meeting, and for general trucking aboutŠmarketing light farm products, etc.Šand a cottage organ, the property of his wife. It has then come to this in Tennessee that Seventh-day Adventists can have only the necessa-ries of life. The " luxuries " are only for those who honor the Sunday. It is well to have the issues clearly joined and the situation fully understood. _0_ THE Christian Nation and Christian Statesman in their notes on the Interna-tional Sunday-school lessons on the third and sixth chapters of Daniel, both justify disobedience to civil law when it contra-venes the law of God. How then can they condemn conscientious observers of the seventh day for obeying that part of the commandment which says, " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work " ? _0_ THE fourth commandment puts a differ-ence between the seventh day and all the other days of the week, and that for a pur-pose, namely, to distinguish the seventh as God's rest day, the memorial of his work in creating the heavens and the earth. To treat all days alike or to habit-ually treat two days alike by abstaining  from work upon them is simply to violate the fourth commandment. It is just as impossible that the conscientious observer of the seventh day should also habitually observe the first day by laying aside all secular labor and business, as it is that he should labor on the Sabbath. Those who assert that Sunday laws do not invade the realm of conscience, lack either knowledge of the subject or candor to express their convictions. Š0Š IT is announced that now, "after an agitation of a quarter of a century, the Hungarian Chamber of Deputies has adopted a resolution which commits that country to religious equality by binding the Government to introduce bills, mak-ing it possible, among other things, for Christians and Jews to intermarry, and for Christians to become Jews in faith." This is all plain enough, but not so the statement also made that " the new legis-lation will affirm the supremacy of the State over all creeds." That is, that whereas in the past a single creed has ruled the State, now the State is to rule all creeds. And this is heralded to the world as a victory for religious liberty ! Will people ever come to understand that while the Church is supreme in its sphere, and the State supreme in its sphere, that those spheres no more touch than do Polaris and Crucis. Š0Š THE National Prohibition Convention will meet in Music Hall, Cincinnati, at 10 A. M., June 29. This is the sixth na-tional convention of the party. In his circular letter to the press, Oscar B. Tod-hunter, Chairman of the Press Committee, says that "the policy of the party is well settled in its previous platforms." If anybody is in doubt as to the policy of the Prohibition Party he should read No. 49 of the Sentinel Library (advertised on another page of this paper). Š0Š " THE chief interest at this Convention," says Mr. Todhunter, " is likely to relate to a proposition to change the name of the party, and to fraternize or coalesce with other reform parties." This is significant, but not altogether reassuring. Some day enough of these National Reform forces will get together to accomplish something for their own aggrandizement, and for the overthrow of liberty of conscience. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of less than 100 copies, per year, each, - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City 