252 SEINT1PIINIEIE-do VOL. 9, No. 32. that this is so is evident, for by substitut-ing either of these words the sense is per-fectly preserved. God dwells with the man who is of a humble disposition, a sub-missive will. There is in Isa. 57:15 not the least evidence of immortality. Our correspondent is here beating the air. He has .set up a man of straw which he very valiantly knocks down. The Bible says that " the dead know not anything." Our correspondent says that they "know nothing concerning the things with which they were once interested." We may be excused for believing the words of God rather than our correspond-ent's interpretation of those words. " The dead know not anything ;" for, as the same Word declares (1 Tim. 6:16), God "only hath immortality." We know this because God says so, and we believe his word. The Sabbath Question in the Dominion Parliament.* (Concluded.) THE honorable gentlemen must remem-ber that in proposing his bill he acts not only contrary to the constitution which I read a moment ago, f but also contrary to the general understanding which prevails in this country and which was summed up in a proclamation by Her Majesty the Queen in 1858, which is as follows:Š . Firmly relying ourselves on the truth of Christian-ity, and acknowledging with gratitude the solace of religion, we disclaim alike the right and the desire to impose our convictions on any of our subjects. We declare it to be our royal will and pleasure that none be in anywise favored, none molested or disquieted by reason of their religious faith or observance, but that all shall alike enjoy the equal and impartial protection of the law; and we do strictly charge and enjoin all those who may be in authority under vs that they abstain from all interference with the religious belief or worship of any of our subjects, on pain 0. our high-est displeasure. These are the words not only of the Queen, but of the Parliament of Great Britian. This is the rule which should be recognized in this country. We should not interfere with the religious belief of our neighbors. Everybody should enjoy complete liberty, provided that liberty does not interfere with the liberty and civil rights of others. But the honorable gentleman wants to force those who are not of the same belief with himself to observe as the Sabbath some other day than that which they believe to be the Sabbath, and even to force those who, like himself, desire to observe Sunday, to ob-serve it in the way he believes in, and not in the way they believe in themselves. That is not protection of civil rights; it is interference with civil rights. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to take up too much of the time of this House, but I have given briefly the reasons why I oppose the bill: First, because the bill is unconstitutional ; f second, because it is useless if it. were constitutional, because the provinces take charge of these matters; and third, be- * Delivered in the House of Commons, Wednesday, May 30, 1894, by Hon. G. Amyot, Member from Bellechasse, P. Q., and printed in the unrevised 'Hansard " No. 49, and in the revised edition columns 3503-3507. Published by the International Religious Liberty Association as No. 23 of the Religious Liberty Library, and for sale at this office. Price, 13i cents. Usual discount in quantities. . Mr. Amyot contended in the first part of his speech that the proposed legislation was unconstitutional because the British North American Act, clause 92, subsection 13, says:Š `Property and civil rights in the provinces will be the exclu-sive right of the Provincial Legislature." Since the honorable mover of the bill had declared in a speech at the introduction of the bill that the measure was " designed to secure for the people of this country their civil rights," Mr. Amyot argued that, therefore, the Dominion Parliament was forbidden by its constitution to legislate concerning the matter. cause the bill is an undue interference with the belief of others. X By this bill we claim jurisdiction in religious matters. I have objected to that already, but being in the minority, I can do nothing but submit for the moment. In the second place, by this bill we assert that Sunday is the Lord's day. I have already given the name of a very respect-able religion v-hich holds the contrary view, and I challenge the mover of the bill to show where in the Bible he finds that Sunday is the Lord's day. I quoted the Old and the New Testament against the honorable gentleman's contention. Will he allow this opportunity of answering the challenge to passŠhe who is the cham-pion in this House, the athlete, fighting in favor of a principle ? Will it be said all over the Dominion and the world, that a member of the legislature in this House could not find in the Bible any text to authorize his assertion that Sunday, or the first day of the week, is the day chosen by our Lord for a day of rest ? It is all very well for the honorable gentleman to remain silent, but he thus gives a victory to his adversaries. The Seventh-day Ad-ventists will cast up at him, wherever he may be, that he was not able to defend himself against one who is not a member of his religion. I have proved by the Old Testament that the Sabbath is on Satur-day, and not on Sunday, that God did not rest before his work was done but after it was done, and I have challenged him to find any passage in the New Testament where the Son of God. gave orders to cele-brate the first day of the week instead of the one chosen by his Father. I challenge the honorable gentleman in the name of the Seventh-day Adventists and of the Jews, to reply. Is he impotent ? It is all very well for honorable gentlemen to laugh, but there is the weak point, and if he is not able to answer, it must be said that the champion of this House, advocat-ing the keeping of the Lord's day, could not furnish any good ground for his advo-cacy. As I have said, by this bill we are as-suming to have jurisdiction in religious matters. I contend that it is the prov-inces, and not the Parliament, which has such jurisdiction. In the second place, while the honorable gentleman asserts that the work on the Lord's day is against the law, by this amendment,§ to which he consents, lie says: " The law of God is all very well, but we will not follow it when-ever we think it is not in our interest to do so. God said : You must observe the whole of Sunday.' That is all right, but we will cut the day short, and take from the Sunday the arao-znt of time required for our business; and the governor in council II will have the power, four weeks in advance, to say that three weeks hence there will be such a press of business that we will have to disobey the law of God and let prevail the law of man." For my part, I am against all this legislation. J believe it is not our duty here to occupy ourselves with religious legislation. That t Delivered in the House of Commons, 4th of June, 1894, by the Hon. G. Amyot; published in the unrevised "Hansard," No. 52, and in the revised edition, columns 3640 and 3641. § No canal belonging to the government of Canada shall be operated for traffic on Sunday. except between the hours of midnight on Saturday, and six o'clock in the morning of Sun-day, and from and after the hour of pine o'clock at night on Sunday. DIn the case of urgent necessity arising from the pressure of business caused by an interruption of traffic, or by.  the ap-proach of the close of navigation. the foregoing provision may, from time to time, be suspended or varied by order of the governor in council; but such order in council shall only con-tinue in force for four weeks at most, from the making thereof, and may be made applicable to any one or more of the canals. has been left to each individual. Each individual has the right to worship his God as he thinks proper, provided he does not interfere with the liberty of any one else. Satolli, Sunday Laws, and Salvation. THE "Delegate Apostolic," Mgr. Satolli, has just rendered a decision which. involves the eternal damnation, so far as the Cath-olic Church controls this deplorable des-tiny, of all saloon keepers who violate the law forbidding the sale of " liquid dam-nation " on Sunday. It came about thus : Bishop Watterson, of the diocese of Co- lumbus, Ohio, addressed a letter to the Catholic clergy of his diocese, in which he withdrew his approbation " from any and every Catholic society " " that has a liquor dealer or saloon keeper at its head, or any where among its officers," and refused to approve all new societies or new branches of old societies having saloon keepers either as members or officers. The letter further says :Š If there are saloon keepers in your parish who call themselves Catholics, and yet carry on their business in a forbidden and disedifying way, or sell on Sun-days, either openly or under any sort of guise or dis-guises; in violation of civil law, and, to the hurt of order and religion and the scandal of any part of the community, you will refuse them absolution, should they perchance come to receive the sacraments, unless they promise to cease offending in these or other ways and to conduct their business blamelessly if they can, or get out of it and keep out of it altogether. An appeal was taken from this action of Bishop Watterson to Mgr. Satolli. The ablegate decided in favor of the bishop. The decision sums up as follows :Š Therefore the delegate apostolic sustains Bishop Wat-terson's action and approves of his circular letter and regulations concerning saloons and the expulsion of saloon keepers from membership in Catholic societies. The religious press, professedly Protest-ant, has joined in a chorus of congratula-tions to the ablegate for this great temper-ance(?) decision. The Independent goes so far as to say that " Archbishop Satolli, the apostolic delegate, has given a deci-sion for which Protestants will thank him as heartily as his warmest Catholic sup-porters." Protestants will do no such thing. An examination of the case reveals the fact that the decision favors the legal enforce-ment of the papal Sunday more strongly than it favors temperance. According to Bishop Watterson's letter, Catholics may manufacture and sell the soul and body destroying liquor and still belong to the already organized Catholic societies. The Catholic saloon keeper can for six days out of the seven deal out to his.fellow-creatures "distilled damnation," rob men and women of their reason, make widows and orphans, rob mothers and children of bread, and still be a member of the Catholic Church and receive abso-lution from the hand of the priest. All this he can do for six days, but should he continue this death-dealing work on the first of the seven days, and "sell on Sun-day, either openly or under any sort of guise or disguise,. in violation of civil law," then heaven is to be closed against him,Šabsolution, the pardon of sins, is to be refused, which means to the Catholic eternal destruction. Therefore it is not the selling of this liquid death to men and women that brings down the severest dis-cipline on the Roman Catholic saloon keeper, but his selling on Sunday. ' The decision exalts the papal Sunday, the mark of papal power, but falls far short of a 