94 A.MLIEtaticA_N  VOL. s, No. IA blackest pagesŠthe saddestŠare those whereon are recorded the cruelties, the horrible murders committed by those who spread and enforce their religion with the sword. Those who in these days seek to enforce their religion upon others by em-ploying the sheriff's posse are just as cruel and infinitely meaner than those who used the sword. Can not the evangelical churches see that their very existence depends upon the absolute liberty of the citizen in all mat-ters of religion, upon the utter absence of all religious legislation, of laws regulat-ing and establishing religion ? Can they not see the danger they invite by letting down the constitutional bars and demand-ing that the Nation enter upon a system of religious legislation ? Do they not realize that just as surely as they do let down those bars and open the gates, the " mother church " will make the laws, and they will not be in accord with evangelical doctrine ? Are they blind to the signs of the times, deaf to the public, bold avowals of the managers of mother church ? The preservation of civil and religious liberty in this country depends wholly upon the absence of religious legislation. I believe the best citizen of the United StatesŠthe best man in the worldŠis the real Christian whose religion has taken all the cruelty out of his heart and filled it with love of his fellow-menŠthat has taken all the devilishness out of his dispo-sition; who, rejoicing in his freedom to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, freely accords to others the freedom he enjoys; who, if he can not persuade others by reason and argument to believe as he does, never thinks of em-ploying the sword, the sheriff's club, or the prison to compel them. And the worst manŠthe most dangerous manŠ is, and always has been, the religious light who would force his religion upon others by the sheriff's club and the prison's dis-cipline; and the more conscientious he is the more dangerous he is. As for me, I shall keep my oath, as I interpret it by the ordinary meaning of the English words used in the Constitu-tion, and shall strive to keep up the bars, and the gates closed against the religious legislation demanded by mistaken church-menŠand forbidden by the Constitution of the United States. Very truly yours, W. W. BOWERS. Let Us Encourage Them. THE Ledger, of Noblesville, Ind., has a correspondent who appreciates the prin-ciple of truth and equity for which the Seventh-day Adventists stand. The evo-lution of this principle is that which makes for righteousness. To oppose its progress is to defend and strengthen the powers of unrighteousness. This is so clear that it is only the blind who do not see it. Let these blind followers of the blind consider what ditch it is into which they will fall. The Ledger correspondent says:Š " I see Comrade Rev. E. Bailey says I come to the front to espouse the cause of the Adventist : he is right. I am always ready to defend the Christians who are persecuted for righteousness. The Ad-ventists are right so far as any command by Christ or his disciples. Constantine who became Emperor of Rome was a con-vert to Christianity, and previously had  been a pagan, and the pagans had many gods and from the names of their gods, we have the names of the days of the week, (1.) Sunday, god of the sun; (2.) Monday, goddess of the moon, wife of the sun; (3.) Tuesday from Tuisco, god of war; (4.) Wednesday, from Woden, god of the Germans; (5.) Thursday from Thor, the god thunder; (6) Friday, the female deity, who presides over love and matrimony; (7.) Saturday, for the god Saturn, one of the planets. " The greatest crime that man can be guilty of is to murder innocent persons ; and that by an ecclesiastical law, called the Inquisition, in which millions of innocent, men, women and children were put to death, because their religious faith did not agree with the majority. "Any law that will punish innocent per-sons for their belief is a species of inquis-itorial law. The Constitution of the United States, Amendment, Article 1, is, ' Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech or of the press; or the right of the people peace-ably to assemble and petition the Govern-ment for a redress of grievances.' Any and-all laws of the States compelling any one to keep a day set for religious pur-poses is unconstitutional. All prosecu-tion for violation of such laws is punish-ment by an inquisition to that degree. " Now I understand the Adventists are universally opposed to all such laws. They are right; that was the intention of the framers of the United States Constitu-tion under which every citizen is free and equal. The Government should protect all religious organizations in their meet-ings and assemblies. We have made more advancement in history, science and literature in the last fifty years than was made in one thousand when we had an Inquisition. The Adventists are evolut-ing, let us encourage them. They are standing for good works. " JAMEL OLDACRE." What Principle? IN a communication to the writer, re-garding the closing of the World's Fair by congressional action, the Hon. John C. Houk, of Tennessee, says :Š I do not hesitate to say that I shall vote in the future as I did in the pastŠto close the World's Fair on Sunday, for the reason that I am opposed to its opening on principle, and because my con-stituents are opposed to it. Pray tell what is the " principle" on which our honored representative wishes the Fair closed on Sunday by congres-sional dictation ? Is it the " principle " of the United States Constitution, which says : " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof " ? Or is it the " principle " of the Declaration of Independence which says : " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal; that they are en-dowed by their Creator with certain in-alienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness " ? Or is it the " principle " laid down by George Washington, that "Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen, is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in worship-ing God according to the dictates of his own conscience " Or is it the " princi-ple " of the lowly Nazarene, as is formu-lated in the Golden Rule ? The moment that Congress voted to close the Fair on Sunday it did then and there violate the " principle " of the United States Constitution and by so doing did " establish " by law a Sabbath for a religious purpose, and in so doing did commit the Government of the United State to a religious combination to decide Sunday-school difficulties and Church affairs. And that constitutes an estab-lishment of religion in this land by civil law, and is, therefore, contrary to every sentiment and principle of Americanism. We do not care a snap for the Fair being either closed or open on Sunday. What we oppose and object to is having it done by legislation. Congress has no religion to give anybody, and therefore has no right or business to say how, when, or where or whether man shall worship God at the World's Fair, any more than in Dublin,, Ireland. Now, as the day is es-tablished and that by Congress too, the next step to be taken will be to say how it must be observed. But we need not worry, our representatives will settle that question in due time. Again Mr. Houk says :Š But so far as Chicago is concerned, I believe the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday will be the worst thing that could happen to her. Nevertheless, he is going " to vote in the future" as he did in the past, to close the Fair on Sunday, still " believing it would be the worst thing that could hap-pen to her." Yet, he must vote for it on "principle," although it would bring on Chicago the worst thing in the world. Now the worst thing in the world is sin; and if Sunday closing produces that, Sunday laws would be the cause, and this is not strange since they originated with the " man of sin." It follows that the " principle " Mr. Houk wishes the Fair closed on is a principle from which the " worst thing " springs, and that is just exactly the kind of " principle " underly-ing all Sunday laws, from the first, enacted by Constantine A. D. 321, down to the one enacted by the American Con-gress in 1892. Perhaps if Mr. Houk had read carefully the Constitution of his country, and the Bill of Rights of his State, he might have discovered another and a worthier principle, namely, the prin-ciple of religious liberty GRANT ADNINS. Fountain City, Tenn. Jan. 80, 1893. Dr. Talmage and the Greek Church. WHEN Dr. Talmage visited Russia last summer, he suddenly became, enamored of the Russian autocrat and the Russian State religion. Going as the almoner of American charity to the destitute and suffering thousands of that famine-stricken empire, and only seeing them through the high functionaries of the State and the church, the glory and honor of the oc-casion evidently perverted his vision with reference to facts recorded by many writers, some of them actual witnesses of the scenes they portray, and strangely agreeing, if their statements be mere fab-rications, to the fines, imprisonments, and banishments that await the Jews, the Stundists and others, who, from conscience toward God, do not believe or practice the tenets of the popular church; and to the principles of human nature that will sometimes assert themselves even in the sav-age, in deeds of noble generosity, and in the refined and enlightened, in acts of cruelty 