kter Ttl5. cuatCh toRevEg stfARATV:4is9 Tilt STATE AND oo BOOT JUSTIOz TO  4«.— 102 TH  AMMZICAN SENTINEL. fines imposed for offenses, the gist of - which consists in their being committed on the Sabbath day shall be paid to the Ordinary of the county, to be by him dis-tributed for the purpose of establishing and promoting Sabbath schools in the country." Even Mr. Crafts would scarcely have the hardihood to claim that such a law is designed merely for the protection of the " civil Sabbath." THE Mail and Express is so delighted with the Georgia decision that a man need not be honest, that he need not pay bills contracted for Sunday service, that it says :Š In New York State, unfortunately, no such laws are on the statute books, but the increasing nui-sance of the sensational Sunday papers may arouse in time a sufficiently widespread public protest as to make such a law possible. With Sunday adver-tising made illegal, the issue of newspapers on that day would be made financially impossible. Very " unfortunately " indeed Š for big-otry and intolerance ? Is the Mail and Express troubled by the competition of the Sunday papers ? It looks like it. Ł Ł  THE Legislature of Massachusetts is asked by the ministers of Boston to pass a law providing that on Sunday the number of trains on any railroad, or cars on any street railway, shall not exceed one-seventh of the daily average run on other days of the week, and prohibiting entirely excursion trains and boats. The reason for this request is not far to seek; compelled to remain in the city on Sunday and with every other variety of entertain-ment prohibited the people will naturally gravitate toward the churches. The same scheme was worked early in the fifth century, when the Emperor Honorius was petitioned, by the Council of Carthage " that the public shows might be trans-ferred from the Christian Sunday, and from feast days, to some other days of the week," because " the people congregate more to the circus than to the church." " THAT was a funny compromise with righteousness," remarks the Republican Standard, of Bedford, Massachusetts, which was proposed by a clergyman be-fore a legislative committee at Boston the other day. " It was that street railway cars shall not run on Sundays more than one-seventh the number of trips they do on week days. We do not recollect any-thing in the fourth commandment which says six days thou shalt labor and shall rest six-sevenths of the seventh day. If that commandment is literally binding at the present day, it is binding for the whole of the seventh day." And the " funniest " thing about it all is that anybody who has given it the second thought should suppose that the fourth commandment has anything to do with Sunday. 1161laiolls LiDertll ASSOGidti011 DECLARRTION OP PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a Curse to society. Ł We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICE. R. C. PORTER PRESIDENT. A. F. BALLENGER SECRETARY. THE New York State exhibit at the World's Fair is to be kept closed on Sunday. The vote in the Senate on the House amendment, providing for Sunday closing, was twenty-two to four. The American Sabbath Union claims the " credit " for this action. THE reckless and extravagant religio-political en-thusiasm of the editor of the Christian Statesman, is shown most characteristically in a first page editorial item in that paper, of the issue of March 19. Every college, every community, every person, all the people, are urged to form themselves into a "Government of the People League," to write personal letters to congressmen, resolve, petition, protest, in reference to a mixed series of measures, all bearing the stamp, " For the protection of the public morals," and many of which can properly have no civil standing whatever. UNDER an impartial application of the same reg-ulations by which those who take part in " Sunday concerts " are forbidden to wear costumes or wigs, why would not the priests and pastors and choir boys of the different churches be restricted from wearing their robes, and all the paraphernalia of ceremonial be done away with in the churches ? There may be some clergymen who even wear wigs while in their pulpits; let them direct their ushers to seat all suspicious looking strangers in the rear of the church, or some zealous detective may dis-cover the fact and bring them to trial. A PHILADELPHIA lawyer has found a circum-scribed district within the State of Pennsylvania, where, as he claims, the old religious laws of 1794 are inoperative. If true, and the position can be maintained, the population of this district, described as being " all north of the Cohocksink Creek to Gunner's Run, and all east of Sixth Street to the Delaware River," is likely to become very dense within a few years, as the ancient statute of 1794 is more and more strictly enforced elsewhere. This remarkable alleged discovery of a sanctuary for the persecuted, was brought about through opposition to a general order to close all business on Sunday, issued by the authorities in response to a notifica-tion to them by the Retail Grocers' Association, " that nearly all the stores along South Street were kept open on Sunday, and business carried on the same as during the week." The authorities made an exception, however, in favor of cigar stores, because, as the "Director of Public Safety " said,  "cigar stores have always been open and I see no reason why they should be closed." When the at-tention of this public official, having in charge the safety of Philadelphia, was called to the case which was claimed as an exemption of this especial dis-trict he said: " If there is such a law the store keepers may continue their business on Sunday the same as any other day, and we can not close their places." The maze of ludicrous religious and legal situations and inconsistencies is such that to enumerate and comment on them would fill a pamphlet. THE Secretary of the International Law and Or-der League has seen lit to publish -a pamphlet defending "the use of detectives." This espionage upon the moral and religious life of.the community which the Law and Order 'League has begun can not be successfully defended, although it will, no doubt, continue to be practiced. Both the purpose and the methods of this League are dangerous in the extreme. It is the civil arm of the Sabbath Union, and the sword arm too, of which the Sab-bath Union organ says, in reference to "detectives," " It is a good thing to have a sharp sword at hand, ready for use." A PROPOSAL was lately made in the. House of Representatives to hold Sunday sessions of Congress for the purpose of delivering eulogies to the mem-ory of deceased members. A short discussion en-sued upon its introduction, in which it was stated that in the Fifty-first Congress the time occupied for this purpose amounted to twenty-four days; and in opposition, the measure was characterized as an "effort to invade the sacredness of Sunday" in which " the people of this country are much interested," as shown by the fact that "we are all constantly receiving petitions that this body should, by its enactments, respect the day." The resolution was lost by a vote of one hundred and sixty to eighty-one. THE recent legislative course in France in refer-ence to religious questions draws out widely differ-ent editorial comment from various sources. The Mail and Express and Christian Union seem to see great advancement to the cause of religion in that religion is coming to the front in French politics; while the St. Paul Dispatch says, "Perhaps the most remarkable incident in the recent life of the French republic is the introduction of the measure looking toward the regulation of religious associ-ations. Never before was the utter absence of popular liberty, as Americans understand the term, so plainly manifested under a republican form of government." It may be that to the Mail and Express and Christian Union the " absence of popular liberty " and the advancement of religion are not incompat-ible, but rather are necessary concomitants. That certainly is true of the political religion professed and advanced by the Mail and Express, but the time is scarcely ripe to acknowledge it as yet. Ł  UNDER the title, " Pennsylvania's Peril," the Christian Statesman says, " Through one of the newsdealers we learn that $50,000 has been raised which will be increased to $100,000, to carry the ap-peal of the Sunday papers of Pittsburg, first td the Supreme Court and then to the Legislature. There is not the shadow of a chance that Judge Porter's decision that Sunday papers are a convenience,' not a necessity,' will be reversed by the Supreme Court, which has invariably sustained the Sabbath laws. But the Legislature, which is even now be-ing selected, is not so sure to be right. What can friends of the Sabbath do to prevent the Sabbath law from being nullified by unjust special legisla-tion' in the interests of newspaper proprietors and their readers ?: "1. Let the right men be selected for the Legisla-ture, and, to avoid any doubt, let them be pledged before election to defend the law. 