THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 77 it back in loyal protestations and service. The church serves the State as its master. Note the loyalty of the Anglican Church to the Stuarts. Note the Toryism of the Epis-copalians during the Revolutionary war. Several of the Protestant churches of this country have voluntarily sold themselves, or bestowed their church influence to the fur-therance of some political issue. And various denominations, protesting their loyalty to the present government, have sought, by way of return, to shape its policy. They memorialize it about hoW to treat the Mormons, prohibi-tion, Knights of Labor, etc. Of course this is apart from the proper work of the church. The church teaches her members to be good citizens, but she has nothing to do with dog-matizing about forms of government or ques-tions of civil policy. Whenever she has done so she has blundered, and her shame has sooner or later become manifest. But chiefly the Romish Church has sold herself to the governments of earth. It is her policy in every land. Through her priests she controls her people. Everywhere she traffics with the civil power, to enhance her ec-clesiastical prerogatives. In the United States she sells her votes to the party that is most subservient, and that gives the largest returns in the way of money and influence. In Ire-land she, so far as she dares, throws her in-fluence with the Home Rule party, to main-tain her power over them. In Germany she sells her influence to despotic Bismarck, that she may increase the influence of, her bish-ops. Such is her policy. Everywhere, for her own. advancement, she bargains and traf-fics with the powers of the world. And it is to that shameless and persistent policy that she owes her worldly grandeur and power. And now, these facts being notorious, let us con-sider them in the light of the following state-ments 1. Such a policy is, so far as it is pursued, betrayal of the gospel. There is but one work that God has imposed on the church. There is but one Master that is tolerated. There is but one motive controlling all service. ' 2. If a church is zealous of worldly honor it must lose in spiritual power. Grand_edi-flees, parade of wealth, political power, the suffrage of the influential, may appeal to the people of earth, but the church that seeks these things and boasts of them is turned ay from God's service, and is become shorn jritual power. It can no longer do its work singly. he world honors in word, and fawns the church that it uses. But in its t heart it despises such a church. Note how politicians treat politely and deferentially the negro preachers, and yet when their backs are turned sneer at them for their venality. Note how the secular press respectfully and gravely records the Romish parades and cere-monies, and yet read between the lines the contempt felt for Romanism as a spiritual re-ligion. From all which we gather the injunction that the church keep itself unspotted from the world, rejecting its bribes, refusing its yoke.ŠRev. J. A. Scott, Jr., in Christian at Work. The "Christian Cynosure" Again. OUR readers will remember that in the April SENTINEL we reviewed some National Reform arguments of the Christain Cynosure. Well, the Cynosure has replied, and expects us to reply to this also. We shall do so. And as the Cynosure issues beforehand its pro-nunciamento that, " If the AMERICAN SENTINEL wishes to be read by the Cynosure editor, it must deserve to be read," we shall go very softly and shall humbly endeavor to make our reply so that it may deserve the august notice of the Cynosure editor. First the " Cynosure editor" says :Š "Our Constitution forbids Congress to make any law concerning an established religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.' Taken literally, this forbids laws prohibiting the free exercise' of polygamy and assassina-tion by Danites or Blood Avengers at Salt Lake ; or the multitudes of religious murders by the Kofong, Purrow, Bondoo and other re-ligious secret societies which cover Africa. Insert the word Christian before religion, and our Constitution would recognize exactly what the framers meant and supposed they had done, viz., the free exercise' of the re-ligion of Christndom, that is, of the Bible." Now the first thing that we wish to say is, that we respectfully submit to the readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL that it is a most discouraging thing to have to argue about the United States Constitution with a person who cannot quote it correctly. Mark, he says, " Our Constitution forbids Congress to make any laws concerning an established religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.' " Mr. Editor, the Constitution does not do any such thing. The Constitution forbids Congress to make any "law respecting an establishment of re-ligion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The difference is very material; we confess, however, that we have little hope that the Cynosure will detect it. Nor for that matter do we care particularly, whether it does or not; what we want is that the editor of the Cynosure should by some means gain sufficient knowledge of our Constitution to quote it as it reads. Further he says that, "Taken literally, this forbids laws prohibiting the free exercise' of polygamy and assassination by Danites or Blood Avengers at Salt Lake." To this we can only say as we did before, Does the Cyno-sure mean seriously to assert that the Consti-tution of the United States guarantees poly-gamy and assassination as it guarantees the free exercise of religion? In other words, are " religion," and " assassination " synonymous terms, so that the free exercise of the one is the free exercise of the other? Is the free exercise of religion the free exercise of assassi-nation? Does the prohibition of assassina-tion, or any other crime, prohibit the free exercise of religion ? Is it possible that a dis-tinction must be made between these things, that the Cynosure may be enlightened? It seems strange that anybody, much less an editor in this age, should know no such dis-tinction. But more, and just as bad, he continues, "Taken literally, this forbids laws prohibiting the free exercise' of . . . the multi-tudes of religious murders by the Kofong, Purrow, Bondoo, and other religious secret societies which cover Africa." Well, suppose that all this were even so, what harm can it do? What on earth has our Constitution to do with either allowing or prohibiting the murders, whether religious or otherwise, by "the Kofong, Purrow, Bondoo, and other re-ligious societies which cover Africa ?" Sup-pose the editor of the Cynosure could have our Constitution actually prohibit the mur-ders by the religious societies that cover Africa. What good could it possibly do? That would be decidedly a prohibition that would not prohibit. It could not prohibit, because our Constitution has nothing, and can have noth-ing, whatever to do with the secret societies, nor with anythings else, that cover Africa. Now let not the Cynosure whimper over this as it did over our strictures upon its desire to prohibit the religion of Dahomey. That is exactly what it has said. We have only copied verbatim et literatim, its own words. And by these words, its demand is that our Constitution shall have a religious amend-ment. so  that laws can be made under it, which shall prohibit murders committed by the "secret societies which cover Africa." The Cynosure may, perhaps, say that that is not what it means. Then what does it mean ? We have no way of learning what it means but from what it says. Yet we do not so much blame the Cynosure editor, for it seems to be the prime property of National Reform to so confuse the ideas of its advocates that they become incapable of putting together sentences in plain English, that shall tell what they do mean. Once more, he says: "Insert the word Chris-tian before religion, and our Constitution would recognize exactly what the framers meant and supposed they had done." This is the "single word" the insertion of which the Cynosure de-clares is all the addition that National Reform-ers want to make to our Constitution. Let us try it and see how it would then read, and how it would work. Here it is: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of Christian religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. Then under that Constitu-tion Congress could make laws respecting an establishment of any religion on earth, except the Christian religion. Under that Constitu-tion the Mohammedan religion, the Chinese religion, or any other except the Christian re-ligion, might be made the established religion of this Government, only so that the free exer-cise of the Christian religion was not pro-hibited. Is that "exactly what the framers meant "? Is that " exactly " what they "sup-posed they had done "? If it is, then that they were mistaken is the happiest thing that ever befell this Nation. But the mistake was not with the framers.: they did " exactly" what they meant to do. The mistake lies alto-gether and solely with the " Cynosure editor." Next the Cynosure says:Š "As to Seventh-day Baptists and Adventists who insist on keeping Saturday and working on Sunday, the Cynosure holds that Man needs and God requires a Sabbath." 