AMEH,ICAN SENTINEL. 435 And one would have thought, from the prominence given at the convention to the glorification of the war spirit, or rather, of the spirit of nationalism which at that time was finding its fullest expression in the war, that "Remember the Maine" was accounted even there as having almost the moral obligation of a command of God. There was no manifest move made on this occasion in the direction of influencing legislation for the promo- tion of religious ends, or of exercising the power of the society through political channels; though it is not to be supposed that the society has changed its attitude to- ward such projects from that shown at previous conven- tions. The ideas which have been put to the front by the war with Spain and the projected Anglo-Saxon alli-ance, overshadowed others which, had the situation been different, would no doubt have been given some promi nence. It was evident that the society considers itself an important factor in the solution of problems of national and international importance. It will lend its power in this way to the Government, andŠwhat would naturally follow, though perhaps not now contemplatedŠwill re-ceive in return the exercise of governmental power and authority for the promotion of its ends. The society takes to itselfŠrightfully perhapsŠno small credit in bringing about the happy obliteration of sectional ani-mosity between North and South, and it was affirmed by one speaker that had the society been in existence previ_ ous to 1861, the Civil War would never have occurred. The prominence given to the idea of Anglo-Saxon fraternity was indicated by draping the speaker's desk in the auditorium with the English and American flags; and with the various military airs which were rendered, the convention did not forget "God Save the Queen." The statement was made by a prominent speaker that at the convention of 1900, which is to meet in London, Eng., there will be drawn up, signed and sealed, through the influence of Christian Endeavor, the long-talked of international alliance between Great Britain and the United States. This was received by the audience with great applause. And thus, by its blending of Christianity with nation-alism,Šwith the aims and purposes of civil government, carried forward by carnal agencies, as is the present war with Spain; by its adoption, in short, of the idea of na-tional ChristianityŠdoes the great Christian Endeavor movement lend itselfŠunconsciously it may be but none the less trulyŠto the general movement so widespread throughout the religious world, which aims at the estab-lishment of an earthly, political, sensual, impossible, kingdom of God. The convention of next year will be held in Detroit, Mich., and will no doubt be largely attended, not preŁ senting the objection of a long journey to the South which seems to have been mainly responsible for the ab_ sence of so many expected delegates from the convention of 1898. Another Piece of Ancient Republican History Which Is Also Modern. THE example of the republic of Rome in becoming imperial in territory, is a point worthy of careful consid-eration just now in view of the career of imperialism in territory that is just now opening before the republic of the United States. This, because imperialism in territory was the open road through which the republic of Rome walked to every other sort of imperialism. Foreign territory once acquired, must be governed,  and the governors must be sent from Rome. The Senate was the governing power of the provinces, and had the appointing of the governors. And the governorship was the goal of wealth. A governor could go out from Rome poor, perhaps a bankrupt, hold his province for one, two, or three years, and return with millions. "To obtain a province was the first ambition of a Roman noble. The road to it lay through the praetor-ship and the consulship; these offices, therefore, became the prizes of the State, and being in the gift of the people, they were sought after by means which demoralized alike the givers and the receivers. The elections were man-aged by clubs and coteries; and, except on occasions of national danger or political excitement, those who spent most freely were most certain of success. "Under these conditions the chief powers in the com-monwealth necessarily centered in the rich. There was no longer an aristocracy of birth, still less:of virtue. . . . But the door of promotion was open to all who had the golden key. The great commoners bought their way into the magistracies. From the magistracies they passed into the Senate."ŠFroude. And from the Senate they passed to the governorship of a province. To obtain the first office in the dine of promotion to the governorship, men would exhaust every resource and plunge into what, otherwise, would have been hopeless indebtedness: yet having obtained the governorship, when they returned they were freely able to pay all their debts and still be millionaires. The highest officers of the State were open in theory to the meanest citizen : they were confined in fact to those who had the longest purses, or the most ready use of the tongue on popular platforms. Distinctions of birth had been exchanged for distinctions of wealth. The struggle between plebeians and patricians for eqality of privilege was over, and a new division had been formed between the party of property, and a party who desired a change in the structure in society."ŠFroude. Everybody can see how exactly this sketch of the political character of Rome in her republican days is paralleled already in the political character of the United States. And now this prospective imperialism in terri-tory of the United States opens the door to be a further parallel and a further development of the imperial spirit, through provincial and colonial systems of govern- ments. 