ald A.mnnitCAN gMlWititNinf eo VOL. 8, I\'o. 40. conduct of professed Christians has made such a view as this possible ? It is the "Christianity" of the sects and not the Christianity of Christ that is intolerant. "Mans inhurnanity to limn, Makes countless millions mourn." ++ rie that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love." C. P. B. The Christian Sabbath.* I'M GENUINE OFFSPRING OF THE UNION OF THE HOLY GHOST. AND THE CATHOLIC CHURCH HIS SPOUSE. THE CLAIMS OF PROTESTANTISM TO ANY PART THEREIN PROVED TO BE GROUNDLESS, SELF-CONTRADICTORY AND SUICIDAL. " Halting on crutches of unequal size, One leg by truth supported, one by lies, Thus sidle to the goal with awkward pace, Secure of nothing but to lose the race." IN the present article we propose to in-vestigate carefully a new and the last class of proofs assumed to convince the biblical Christian that God had substi- tuted Sunday for Saturday for his worship in the new law, and that the divine will is to be found recorded by the Holy Ghost in the apostolic writings. We are informed that this radical change has found expression, over and over again, in a series of texts in which the expression " The day of the Lord," or, " The Lord's day," is to be found. The class of texts in the New Testament under the title " Sabbath ;" numbering sixty-one in the Gospels, Acts and Epistles, and the second class, in which " the first day of the week," or Sunday, having been critically examined (the latter class numbering nine), and having been found not to afford the slightest clue to a change of will on the part of God as to his day of worship by man, we now proceed to examine the third and last class of texts relied on to save the biblical system from the arraignment of seeking to palm off on the world, in the name of God, a decree for which there is not the slightest war- rant or authority from their teacher, the Bible. The first text of this class is to be found in the Acts of the Apostles, 2d chapter, 20th verse.: " The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before that great and notable day of the Lord shall come." How many Sundays have rolled by since that prophecy was spoken? So much for that effort to pervert the meaning of the sacred text from the judg-ment day to Sunday! The second text of this class is to be found in 1st Epistle Cor. 1st chapter, 8th verse: " Who also shall confirm you unto the end that you may be blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ." What simpleton does not see that the apostle here plainly indicates the day of judgment ? The next text of this class that presents itself is to be found in the same Epistle 5th chapter, 5th verse: " To deliver such a one to Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in, the day of the Lord Jesus." The incestuous Corinthian was, of course, saved on the Sunday next fol- lowing ! ! How pitiable such a make-shif t as this ! The fourth text, 2d Cor. 1st chapter, 13th and 14th verses : " And I trust ye shall acknowledge even to the end, even as ye also are ours in the day of our Lord Jesus." Sunday or the day of judgment, which P The fifth text is from St. Paul to the Philippians, 1st chapter, * From -the Catholic Mirror of Sept. 23, 1893. For editorial comment see foot notes and note on last page. 6th verse : " Being confident of this very thing, that he who hath begun a good work in you, will perfect it until the day of Jesus Christ." The good people of Philippi, in attaining perfection on the fol-lowing Sunday, could afford to laugh at our modern rapid transit! We beg leave to submit our sixth of the class, viz. Philippians 1st chapter, 10th verse : " That he may be sincere and with-out offense unto the day of Christ." That day was next Sunday, forsooth! not so long to wait after all. The seventh text 2 Ep. Peter 3rd chapter, 10th verse: "But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night." The application of this text to Sunday passes the bounds of absurdity. The eighth text, 2 Ep. Peter 3rd chapter, twelfth verse: " Waiting for and hasten-ing unto the coming of the day of the Lord, by which the heavens being on fire, shall be dissolved " etc. This day of the Lord is the same referred to in the previous text, the application of both of which to Sunday next would have left the Christian world sleepless the next Saturday night. f We have presented to our readers, eight of the nine texts relied on to bolster up by texts of Scripture the sacrilegious effort to palm off the " Lord's day " for Sunday, and with what result ? Each furnishes prima facie evidence of the last day; re-ferring to it directly, absolutely and une-quivocally. The ninth text wherein we meet the expression " the Lord's day," is the last to be found in the apostolic writings. The Apocalypse or Revelations, 1st chap. 10th verse, furnishes it in the following words of St. John : " I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day ; " but it will afford no more comfort to our biblical friends than its predecessors of the same series. Has St. John used the expression previously in his gospel or epistles ? Emphatically no. Has he had occasion to refer to Sunday hitherto ? Yes ! twice. How did he des-ignate Sunday on these occasions ? Easter Sunday was called by him (chapter twenty, first verse, St. John's gospel), "the first day of the week." Again, twentieth chap-ter, nineteenth verse, "Now when it was late that same day, being the first day of the week." Evidently, although inspired, both in his gospel and epistles, he called Sunday "the first day of the week." On what grounds, then, can it be assumed that he dropped that designation ? Was he more inspired when he wrote the Apoc-alypse, or did he adopt a new title for Sunday, because it was now in vogue ? A reply to these questions would be super-erogatory, especially to the latter, seeing that the same expression had been used eight times already by St. Luke, St. Paul, and St. Peter, o&tnder divine inspiration, and surely theŠHoly Spirit would not in-spire St. John to call Sunday the Lord's day, whilst he inspired Sts. Luke, Paul, and Peter collectively to entitle the day of judgment "the Lord's day." Dialecticians reckon amongst the infallible motives of certitude, the moral motive of analogy or induction, by which we are enabled to conclude with certainty from the known to the unknown; being absolutely certain of the meaning of an expression uttered eight times, we conclude that the same expression can have the same meaning only, especially when we know that -on t It, is perhaps only fair to say that we think the eight texts referred to are very seldom used as referring to Sunday. We think that Protestants are very generally agreed in referring all these texts to the time of the second coming of our Lord, still future.ŠEDITOR SENTINEL. the nine occasions the expressions were inspired by the Holy Spirit. Nor are the strongest intrinsic grounds wanting to prove that this, like its sister texts, contains the same meaning. St. John (Apoc. first chapter, tenth verse), says: "I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day;" but he furnishes us the key to this expression, chapter four, first and second verses. " After this I looked, and behold a door was opened in heaven." A voice said to him: "Come up hither, and I will show you the things which must be here-after." Let us ascend in spirit with John. Whither ? Through that door in heaven, to heaven. And what shall we see ? " The things which must be hereafter," chapter four, first verse. He ascended in spirit to heaven. He was ordered to write, in full, his vision of what is to take place antecedent to and concomitantly with "the Lord's day," or the day of judgment; the expression " Lord's day " being confined in Scripture to the day of judgment ex-clusively. We have studiously and accurately col-lected from the New Testament every available proof that could be adduced in favor of a law cancelling the Sabbath day of the old law, or one substituting another day for the Christian dispensation. We have been careful to make the above dis-tinction, lest it might be advanced that the third commandment was abrogated under the new law. Any such plea has been overruled by the action of the Meth-odist Episcopal bishops in their pastoral 1874, and quoted by the New York Herald of the same date, of the following tenor : " The Sabbath instituted in the beginning and confirmed again and again by Moses and the prophets, has never been abro-gated. A part of the moral law, not a part or tittle of its sanctity has been taken away." The above official pronancia-mento has committed that large body of biblical Christians to the permanence of the third commandment under the new law. We again beg leave to call the spe-cial attention of our readers to the 20th of "the 39 articles of religion" of the "Book of Common Prayer :" " It is not lawful for the church to ordain anything that is contrary to God's written Word." CONCLUSION. We have in this series of articles taken much pains for the instruction of our read-ers to prepare them, by presenting a num-ber of undeniable facts found in the Word of God, to arrive at a conclusion absolutely irrefragable. When the biblical system put in an appearance in the sixteenth century, it not only seized on the temporal possessions of the church, but in its van-dalic crusade stripped Christianity, as far as it could, of all the sacraments instituted by its founder, of the holy sacrifice, etc., etc., retaining nothing but the Bible which its exponents pronounced their sole teacher in Christian doctrine and morals. Chief amongst their articles of belief was, and is to-day, the permanent necessity of awe cannot agree with the Mirror that the expression, "The Lord's day," in Rev. 1:10, is the equivalent of "day of the Lord" in the other texts considered. That the Lord has a day that is peculiarly his own in this dispensation as in the former one, the Mirror has clearly shown; and what that day is will appear very clearly from a comparison of Ex. 20: 10, Isa. 58: 13. and Mark 2: 28. The cogent expressions from these texts in the order named, are as follows: "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord tbiy God." "If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable; and shalt honor him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words: then shalt thou de-light thyself in the Lord." "The Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath day." The conclusion is irresistible that John was in the Spirit On the Sabbath.ŠEDITOR SENTINEL. § According to the Cathorc division of the Decalogue the fourth commandment is the t'lird. 