266 AMERICAN SENTINEL. which a man is condemned on religious grounds cannot be other than a religious law, which has no proper place in the machinery of civil government. "SoME dangers of a sea fight," are described in The Independent (N. Y.), of April 21, by Mr. Park Benjamin. We quote one paragraph:Š "In our last 'war the forts at Mobile and New Orleans used grape and canister shot with much effect against our attacking fleets; but this was at very close range. At long range, shell and the flying splinters of wooden vessels 'were the principal agents of wholesale destruc-tion. But now the huge shells will begin to come on board from the high-power guns when the contending vessels are nearly three miles apart. The largest guns, twelve and thirteen-inch caliber, can be loaded and fired almost once every three minutes. At a little less than two miles' distance the five and six-inch rapid fire guns will begin to pour in their projectiles, and these weapons can be loaded and fired at the rate of from seven to fifteen aimed, shots per minute. Then come the six-pounder guns, delivering forty shots per minute, the one-pound-ers, throwing a shot per minute, the machine one-pound-ers (Maxim Nordenfeldt), two hundred shots per minute, and so on up to the Gatlings, fed automatically by elec-tric motors and projecting bullets at the rate of 3,000 per minute. A man might brave a storm of grape and bullets with a chance of escape; but the battle of the Yalu River showed that under the quick fire hail of the Japan-ese ships the slaughter on theChinese ships was so fright-ful that the Chinese with all their stolid contempt for death could hardly be kept at their posts. So fierce was the storm of steel around the attacked vessels that the sea was literally lashed into foam by it." All of which only shows that General Sherman's re- markŠ"War is hell"Šwill be even more true to day, if possible, than it was when he uttered it. WAR is but the application of force to settle a dispute in which each of the contending parties claims to be in the right. It is upon the theory, therefore, that "might makes right." But Christianity recognizes no such the-ory as that. 1-4 ONE of the curious things which are happening in con-nection with the war scare is the exodus of Spaniards from New York and other American cities, to Havana, for the purpose of securing safety. It would seem that any per-son with ordinary sense would know that Havana is of all places on earth the most unsafe at the present hour. A PROMINENT member of the Canadian Parliament, the Hon. John Charlton, recently introduced a bill pro-hibiting American Sunday newspapers from coming into Canada, and any paper from being published in Canada on Sunday. The measure was vigorously discussed in the Canadian House, and was finally defeated by a vote of 43 to 60. Studies Łin French History.-19. "I THINK," said Charlie White to his mother, when he reached home that night, "that Professor Carman's talks on French history are more and more interesting. It makes me very anxious to go with father next summer, and visit some of these places I have heard about so much; and I think Rob is as anxious as I am. I tell you, mother, we're studying hard, and I think we'll pass ex-amination pretty well. Don't you think so?" "I hope so, Charlie; but I trust you will not forget that you are building character all this time. I do not want you to study solely for the purpose of 'passing,' but because it will the better fit you for usefulness in the world." The next Tuesday afternoon found the little class as-sembled in the profeFsOr's room, eager to hear about the battle of Calais. "Who can tell me where the city of Calais is situ-ated?" asked the teacher. "Edn , you may please locate it on the map." "I suppose it's somewhere in France," said Edna, taking the pointer, and stepping up to the map, "but ,I don't see it just now." "You are looking too far south, Edna," volunteered Rob Billings, "it's away up there on the northern coast, Šthat's right,Šthere it is, just across from England." "You see, we are not done with Edward the Third, yet," began the teacher, "or, rather, he is not done with France. So he next goes over to Calais and lays siege to it. This siege lasted for more than a year. The town was strongly fortified, and so he determined to starve the wretched inhabitants until they would yield." - "Couldn't King Philip have reached them with sup- plies by sea?" asked Joe Palmeter. "No; for Edward had the coast so securely guarded by his own ships,that no help could reach the miserable peo-ple from that quarter." "Did Philip make any effort to save them at all?" asked Milly Brown: "Yes; but when he came near enough to see how strong the' English were, he became faint hearted, and went away, taking his army with him. So the joy and gladness of the poor people, caused by a sight of the king coming, as they thought, to help them, was short lived. They became at last so reduced for eatables, that every stray rat had been eagerly devoured, and the starving 