.1.125,, 1595. C.AN ; 1b NTIN 1uo 237 for working on Sunday to support his family, and who was sentenced in lieu of the payment of a fine of $22, to one year in the chain-gang, along with thieves and other common Criminals. He was releaied by the sheriff ' while on his way to Atlanta to be sold to a contractor for one year, as some unknown friend had paid the fine. This occurred this '3Tear. Ł Our friends, Principal Caven, Rev. D. J. Maedonnell and the other sabbatarian enthu--Blasts; belong fo a class of people who- 1. Fine and imprison you 'if you obey the ,fourtlybommandment according to the letter ,and the. spirit. 2. Fine and imprison you if you don't obey the fonrth commandment according to their SpliTiORB interpretation of it. -Our- friends are in a dilemma, no doubt, but a, way out of it seems to have been suggested by a reverend gentleman who lives in Hamil-ton. This is Rev. Mr. Shearer; he belongs to the Presbyterian faith. In a sermon preached in that city last Sunday, the reverend divine announced the doctrine that Sunday should begin about noon. on Saturday. He depre-,cated the holding of amusements or going to excursions on. Saturday afternoon, as this kind of excitement unfitted the indiVidual for the .proper observance of the Lord's day. Rev. Mr. Shearer is on the right track. If he goes one step , further and turns the whole of Saturday into a Sabbath he will relieve his friends from their unfortunate dilemma. He will at least make them a little more con-sistent. CHARLTON'S SUNDAY SUNDAY BILL. An Open Letter. HON. JOHN CHARLTON **Dear Sir : You will pardon me for addressing you in so public a manner; but as you have been zealously en-gaged for some time past in endeavoring to secure a law for the stringent observance of Sunday, a law which, if enacted, will affect the most sacred of all human rights, viz., the right of private judgment in religious mat-ters, we shall take the liberty to address you in this public way. First, we would like to ask,Šwith due re-spect,ŠAre you, as a representative of the people, respecting the rights of the people whom you represent, when you exercise, in your official capacity, a power which has not been delegated to you by the people?. And is it possible for the people to delegate to their representative in Parliament, or to anybody elae, the right to say in what manner they -shall worship, or whether they shall worship in any manner at all? And further, when the people are compelled to keep Sunday, are they not compelled to conform to an act of religious worship! And is not conformity to this act of religious worship the sole object of your Ł  Sunday bill? You will doubtless claim that the object of the bill is to secure to the Łlaboring man the right to rest and worship on Sunday, and to 'go to church if he wants to do so. But can-not that object be, attained without compelling him to rest when he don't want to do so? But that is riot the worst of it; in, order that the labering man may rest, you propose to enact that everybody else MUST rest! It is the reli-- 9ious rest of the DAN that your bill will pro-tect, not the ci0i/ means of the laboring man, nor of any other man! But every laboring man in the Dominion of *Hon. John Charlton, a member of the Dominion Parliament, is the Canadian champion of compulsory Sunday obserwince, and is, at the instigation of his religious constituents, laboring to secure a Sunday law from the present Parliament. Canada already has the right to rest on the Lord's day, and go to church if he wants to do so. If he does not exercise the right, he has no one to blame but himself. There is no law in Canada requiring any man to labor on the Lord's day except it be the law of greed; but when you undertake to regulate the law of selfish greed so that it will be in harmony with the principles of Christian charity, you have undertaken a work which belongs to the church, and which can be effectually accom-plished only by the use of spiritual weapons in the hands of a converted church. But the church is the very one who is foremost in its clamors for a Sunday law. It is not from the working men that the appeal comes for such a law. It comes from the preachers. It is work that the laboring men are clamoring for, not rest. The great majority of them would be thankful indeed if they could be sure of six days' work every week in the year. It may be said that he would lose his job if he should exercise his right to rest on the Lord's day. But that is simply to say that he is not a Christian, for no Christian would labor on the Lord's day. He would lose his life in addition to the loss of his job rather than do it. Neither would a Christian appeal to the government for a law to regulate the conduct, if not the conscience, of his employer, so as to bring it into harmony with his own religious convictions. But here we find you, a member of Parliament, Protestant in reli-gion and Liberal in politics, endeavoring to enact a law for the regulation of conscience and religious belief! Be astonished, 0 Earth! Yet you will claim that legislation for secur-ing Sunday rest does not rest on the right of government to regulate conscience and belief. Upon what does it rest, pray tell? If not on the right of government, it must be upon the USURPATION by the government of the indi-vidual's rights; for legislation to secure Sun-day rest certainly does regulate conscience and belief. If it does not, we would be pleased to have you tell what would. These laboring men would like to rest, and, perhaps, go to church on Sunday, but they dare not do it because their employer's conscience is not reg-ulated in harmony with theirs, and so a law is demanded to regulate his conscience accord-ing to their ideas. What is a law but a reg-ulation? And what does it regulate if not the conduct of these men so that it appears-go be what your conscience thinks it ought to be? The employer who has no conscientious scruples about keeping open his place of busi-ness on the Lord's day, but who keeps it closed because he fears the law, certainly does have his conscience regulated by law. He has no respect for the divine requirement, but only for the human; and were it not for the human requirement he would continue at his business on the Lord's day. He keeps the day because he fears man, not because he fears God. Thus it is plain, not only that his conscience is reg-ulated by law, but that he is forced to exalt the human above the divine. No man's wor-ship goes higher than the source of the law which he obeys. If he is constrained by love to obey the law of God, his worship will be divine, rendered to the Supreme Being when he observes the Lord's day; but when he is compelled by force to obey the laws of man in regard to the observance of the Lord's day, his worship will be simply human, rendered to a human being. You will doubtless claim that compulsory Lord's day observance is not religious worship; but if it is not an act of outward conformity to religious worship, we would be pleased to have you tell just what it really is. Ł What in reason do you want him to rest for on Sunday if not to appear to reverence the day? He does not want to rest; if he did, he would  rest whether there were a law requiring him to do so or not. But when he does rest against his will he is no better for it, and you are no better for it; then why compel him to rest? What has been gained by his enforced idleness?ŠSimply this,Šhe has been forced to conform to your idea of religious sanctity. The only possible evil that can result from one's laboring on the Lord's day, is the irreli-gious influence which is exerted over the com-munity where it is performed; and therefore the only object which can be secured by com-pulsory Lord's day observance is the suppres-sion of irreligious influences. It is religious legislation, and nothing short of it. But again, you claim that the government should treat Sunday rest as a civil right, founded primarily upon divine requirement. But that is just what the government does not do. If it only would do that,Šif the govern-ment would leave the individual free to exer-cise his civil right, either to work or to wor-ship on Sunday, it would indeed treat the rest day as a civil right, and it never will treat it as such until then. A civil right, or any other kind of right, is freedom of choice be-tween doing and not doing; and where such freedom of choice does not exist, from the nature of the case there can exist no RIGHT. So that when the government requires Sunday rest of the individual, Łinstead of securing to him the civil RIGHT to rest, it really deprives him of that RIGHT. He rests on Sunday because he does not dare to do otherwise, and not because he has the civil RIGHT to do so. As to the divine requirement to observe Sunday, we are utterly ignorant. Divine re-quirements are seen in nature and in Revela-tion. But there is nothing in nature, so far as we have been able to observe, to indicate that one should take Sunday rest, or Monday rest, or any other day rest. 'Nature does seem to indi-cate that the higher forms of animal life should take night rest, but it does not indicate in any uniform way the amount of day rest which should be taken. Over-exertion or other abnor-mal conditions may require occasional day rest; but there is no definite, fixed rule by which this can be determined. The exercise of a little good, common sense, or possibly, a phy-sician's prescription, is all that is necessary under such circumstances. Nature does not indicate in any way that a definite portion of time should be set apart for day rest. The birds make their nests-  and take their flight without distinction of days. The bees gather their honey and swarm from their hives on Sundays the same as on other days of the week. The flowers bloom, the fruits grow, the stars follow their courses, seven days .in the week. Nature is silent as to a divine requirement for Sabbath observance. And therefore, to find a divine requirement for a regularly re-curring day of rest, we must look outside of nature. We go to Revelation, and the only divine requirement for a day of rest to be found there is the fourth commandment of the Decalogue; but that requires the observance of the SEV-ENTH DAY, not the first day of the week,Šnot Sunday. If there is anything in the' Bible showing that the divine requirement to ob-serve the SEVENTH DAY has been changed to one requiring the 'observance of the first day of the week, we would be very much pleased to it. If you really do know of any divine requirement for the observance of Sunday, do tell us where to find it. You could confer no greater favor upon the preachers. They have been looking for it ever since Sunday-keeping originated; but they have never yet succeeded in finding.it, and that is why the preachers of to-day are so anxious to secure through you a human requirement for its observance. 