OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, J J. H. WAGGONER, CORRESPONDING EDITOR. EDITORS. " Corrupted freemen are the worst of slave)." VOLUME 2. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, AUGUST, 1887. NUMBER 8. ic12e din2erical2 geOirrl. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, HY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING HOUSE, Entered at the Post-office  in Oakland. AMONG the nations past and gone there is not one people which, if ever free to govern themselves, preserved their freedom. They ei-ther did not value properly their inherent right of self-government, and deservedly lost it, or they were meanly deprived of it by dint of false doctrine and fraud, or by force of arms. Š,Schuette. • 0  -41. THE provisions of the Covenant of 1643 were introduced by the following words : "Having by our great oath declared the up-rightness and loyalty of our intentions in all our proceedings," etc. In like manner the National Reformers declare their loyalty to the Government, and the uprightness of their intentions, and that they do not wish harm to anybody. We may charitably suppose that they are as honest as the Covenanters were, but their honesty will not change the result. The result of the Covenant was a Protestant Inquisition that differed from the Papal Inquisition only in degree. It proved, what the centuries of Papal oppression should have taught them, that when religion becomes a matter of politics, the religion is corrupted and the State is made no better, while the people are oppressed. The case stands just this way: No one can be so blind as not to admit that when Church and State are united, even to the slightest de-gree, evil may result, and men may be op-pressed. This may be the case even when good men hold the reins of power, for good men are liable to be mistaken, and may per-secute as deadly error that which is in real-ity truth ; and evil is certain to result when bad men hold the reins of power. And even allowing that those who lead out in the movement are honest and that honest men cannot do wrong (a thing not supposable) no one can tell how soon their places may be filled by men of the baser sort. Therefore if these would-be reformers really do wish well to the country, they will learn a lesson from the past, and will forbear to forge chains for evil-disposed men to place upon the necks of the innocent. Convicted on Their Own Testimony. A GENTLEMAN in Ohio, having received a copy of the SENTINEL, sent it to his pastor, re-questing him to give his opinion of its senti-ments. Accordingly the pastor writes to us, giving his objections to the teaching of the SENTINEL. As his objections and arguments have been answered time and again in these columns, it is not necessary to formally an-swer them here; but we will quote one para-graph from his letter. He says:Š " I should say at the outset that we are both members of the National Reform Association, in opposition to which your paper seems to be published ; and as for myself, I preach Na-tional Reform doctrine on all proper occasions. Moreover, we are both lineal descendants of men who, in the days of the tyrannical Stew-arts, [sic.] contended for Christ's Crown and Covenant ; ' and for that civil and religious lib-erty which makes it possible for you to publish the SENTINEL to-day. This being the case, it cannot be supposed that we are in favor of a union of Church and State,' which you so much fear, for this is the very thing which our fathers contended, against even to the death." The main point in this paragraph is the ad-mission that the National Reform movement is identical with that of the Covenanters. This being the case, and it is the simple truth, it is easy to ascertain whether or not National Re-form aims at union of Church and State, and how much religious liberty it stands for. We wish first, however, to call attention to the statement that the Covenanters con-tended for that civil and religious liberty which makes it possible for us to publish the SENTINEL to-clay. Well, granting for the moment that that is true, what do the Na-tional Reformers want more? Since their movement is identical with that of the Cove-nanters, and we now have the liberty for which the Covenanters contended, what rea-son is there for the existence of the National Reform Association ? Or do they want some-thing else? Are they like the physician who, when he found that his patient slept well, and had a good appetite and good digestion, said, " Well, we shall soon change all that." Let them answer. But it is not necessary for them to answer. Their boast that they are descendants, lineal or otherwise, of the Cove-nanters is sufficient answer. We are well as-sured that if National Reform principles were in force to-day, it would not be possible for us to publish another SENTINEL. Now for the proof. The Encyclopedia Britannica gives the fol-lowing brief history of the Covenanters :Š"Covenanters, in Scottish history, the name  applied to a party embracing the great ma-jority of the people, who during the seven-teenth century bound themselves to establish and maintain the Presbyterian doctrine and polity as the sole religion of the country, to the exclusion of Prelacy and Popery. . . . There were several successive covenants; similar in spirit and expression, the most important being the National Covenant of 1638 and the Solemn League and Covenant of 1643. These were both based upon earlier documents. . . . The Solemn League and Covenant was estab-lished in the year 1643, and formed a bond between Scotland, England, and Ireland for the united preservation of the Reformed re-ligion in the church of Scotland, the reforma-tion of religion in England and Ireland, ac-cording to the word of God and the example of the best Reformed churches,' and the ex-tirpation of Popery and Prelacy. It was sworn [to] and subscribed by many in both nations, approved by the Parliament and As-senThly at Westminster, and ratified by the General Assembly of Scotland in 1645. King Charles I. disapproved of it when he surren-dered himself to the Scottish army in 1646; but in 1650 Charles II. by a solemn oath de-clared his approbation both of this and of the National Covenant; and in August the same year he made a further declaration at Dunfermline to the same purpose, which was renewed on the occasion of his coronation at Scone in 1651. In the same year also the Cove-nant was ratified by Parliament, and subscription to it required from every member,Šit being de-clared that without such subscription the con-stitution of the Parliament was null and void." ŠArt. Covenanters. Lest any should think that this is preju-diced testimony, we quote what W. G. Blakie says in the Schaff-Herzog Cyclopedia. This is Presbyterian testimony. After speaking of the "Solemn League and Covenant," Blakie says This Covenant, besides binding the sub-scribers to maintain the Reformed church, in its integrity, according to the word of God, pledged them to endeavor the extirpation of Popery, Prelacy (i. e., church government by archbishops, bishops, their chancellors and commissaries, deans, deans and chapters, arch-deacons, and other ecclesiastical officers de-pending on that hierarchy), superstition, her-esy, schism, profaneness, and whatsoever shall be found contrary to sound doctrine and power of godliness, lest we partake in other men's sins, and thereby be in danger to receive of their plagues; and that the Lord may be one, and his name one in the three kingdoms.' " Here we have Church and State union in the most narrow sense, the union of a denom-ination with the State. But this will appear still more plainly when we read the following exact copy of the " Covenant " above referred 