"If any man hear my words; and believe not I judge him not. =Jesus ch-r-xv- VOLUME 15. CHICAGO, JULY 5, 1900. NUMBER 26. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. (Continuing American Sentinel) Published weekly at 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. Subscription price, $1.00 C. F'. L. A. SMITH, ll Editors. Since civil government pertains only to this world, it can of right have to do only with the affairs of this world. Moral duty is defined only by the moral law ; and since God himself is the sole judge of that law, only He has any authority to enforce moral duty. <pc oc The state deals not with right and wrong, but only with rights and wrongs. The state has no right to pri-hibit anything because it is sinful. No human government however strong has any power to abate one jot from the claims of the divine law ; therefore no government ought to attempt to control the individual in his service of God. at at The mission of Christianity is to proclaim "liberty to the captives" and "the opening of the prison doors to them that are bound." Isa. 61:I. Who can har-monize this truth with the shutting up of people in prison by means of the Sunday laws, in the alleged in-terests of the "Christian Sabbath" and for the promo-tion of "Christian morality"? The great problem in the laboring world to-day is not to find rest for the employed, but work for the unemployed. tpc ,pc Physical and moral debasement, against which Sunday laws are assumed to guard, are more likely to result from idleness than from labor. Je <pc The more the advocates of Sunday laws try to maintain the day as a civil institution, the less will Sunday appeal to the minds of men as a religious in-stitution. The day cannot be both civil and religious, and to advocate its observance from a civil standpoint can only detract from what is said in its behalf from a religious standpoint, and weaken the religious regard for the day which the advocates of Sunday laws really wish above all other things to secure. The more its observance is decreed by law, the more will Sunday take on the character of a holiday rather than a holy day. .4 .4 Another Case of Religious Persecution. Another case of religious persecution is reported to us from North Carolina. Again the victim is a Seventh-day Adventist, a cripple, who was trying to support himself and family by running a candy kitchen in the town of Hickory. He sold peanuts and candy Sunday, June 24th, and was arrested the next day and sentenced to pay a fine of $25, or to go to jail for one month. Mr. Vaughn is a poor man, unable to pay his fine, and is probably in jail at the present time. As usual in such cases, the law seems to be only for Sabbatarians, since some others in the same town sell on Sunday and are not molested. We are not in-formed whether Mr. Vaughn's arrest was due to re-ligious animus purely, or whether it was because he had failed to "see the captain," as they say in New York. 