332 THE AMERICAN SXNTINE,L. and wherever it has taken the sword it has per-ished by the sword. To depend on civil author-ity for its enforcement is to acknowledge its own weakness, which it can never afford to do. It is able to fight its own battles. Its weapons are moral and spiritual, and not carnal. Armed with these, and these alone, it is not afraid nor ashamed to be compared with other religions, and to withstand them single-handed. And the very reason why it is not afraid or ashamed is that it is not the 'power of men,' but the power of God,' on which it depends. True Christianity never shields itself behind majorities. Nero, and the other persecuting Roman emperors, were amply supported by majorities; and yet the pure and peaceable religion of Christ in the end tri-umphed over them all ; and it is only when it at-tempted itself to enforce religion by the arm of authority, that it began to wane. A form of re-ligion that cannot live under equal and impartial laws ought to die, and sooner or later must die. Legal Christianity is a solecism, a contradiction of terms. When Christianity asks the aid of the government beyond mere impartial protection, it denies itself. Its laws are divine, and not human. Its essential interests lie beyond the reach and range of human governments. United with gov-ernment, religion never rises above the merest superstition ; united with religion, 'government never rises above the merest despotism; and all history shows us that the more widely and com-pletely they are separated, the better it is for both. "Religion is notŠmuch less is Christianity or any other particular system of religionŠnamed in the preamble to the Constitution of the United States as one of the declared objects of govern- ment; nor is it mentioned in the clause in ques-tion, in our own constitution, as being essential to anything beyond mere human government. 'Re-ligion is essential' to much more than human government. It is essential to man's spiritual in-terests, which rise infinitely above, and are to outlive, all human governments. It would have been easy to declare this great truth in the con-stitution, but its framers would have been quite out of their proper sphere in making the declara-tion. They contented themselves with declaring that religion is essential to good government, providing for the protection of all in its enjoy-ment, each in his own way, and providing means for the diffusion of geperai knowledge among the people. The declaration is, not that government is essential to good religion, but that religion is essential to good government. Both propositions are true, but they are true in quite different senses. Good government is essential to religion for the purpose declared elsewhere in the same section of the constitution, namely; for the pur-pose of mere protection. But religion, morality, and knowledge are essential to government, in the sense that they have the instrumentalities for producing and perfecting a good form of govern-ment. On the other hand, no government is at all adapted for producing, perfecting, or propa-gating a good religion. Religion, in the widest and best sense, has most, if not all, the instru-mentalities for producing best forms of govern-ment. Religion is the parent, and not the off-spring, of good government. ItS kingdom is first to be sought, and added thereto. True religion is the sun which gives to good government all its true lights, while the latter merely acts upon re-ligion by reflection. "Properly speaking, there is no such thing  as 'religion' of the State. What we mean by that phrase is, the religion of some individual, or set of individuals, taught and enforced by the State. The State can have no religious opinions; and if it undertakes to enforce the teaching of such opinions, they must be the opinions of some natural person or class of persons. If it embarks in this business, whose opinions shall it adopt? If it adopts the opinions of one man, or one class of men, to what extent may it group together the opinions of all? And where this conflict exists, how thorough will the teaching be? Will it be exhaustive and exact, as it is in the elementary literature and in the sciences usually taught to children ? And if not, which of the doctrines or truths claimed by each will be blurred over, and which taught in preference to those in conflict? These are difficulties which we do not have to encounter when teaching the ordinary branches of learning. It is only when we come to teach what lies beyond the scope of sense or reason' Šwhat from its very nature can only be the ob-ject of faithŠthat we encounter these difficulties. Especially is this so when our pupils are children to whom we are compelled to assume a dogmati-cal method and manner, and whose faith at last is more a faith in us than anything else. Sup-pose the State should undertake to teach Chris-tianity in the broad sense in which counsel apply the term, or the 'religion of the Bible,' so as also to include the Jewish faith, where would it begin? how far would it go? and what points of disagreement would be omitted ? "If it be true that our law enjoins the teach-ing of the Christian religion in the schools, surely, then, all its teachers should be Christians. Were I such a teacher, while I should instruct the pu-pils that the Christian religion was true, and all other religions false, I should tell them that the law itself was an unchristian law. One of my first lessons to the pupils would show it to be un-christian. That lesson would be: Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them ; for this is the law and the prophets.' I could not look the veriest infidel or heathen in the face and say that such a law was just, or that it was a fair specimen of Christian republicanism. I should have to tell him that it was an outgrowth of false Christianity, and not one of the 'lights' which Christians are commanded to shed upon an unbelieving world. I should feel bound to acknowledge to him, moreover, that it violates the spirit of our constitutional guaranties, and is a State religion in embryo; that if we have no right to tax him to support 'worship,' we have no right to tax him to support religious instruc-tions; that to tax a man to put down his own religion is of the very essence of tyranny; that however small the tax, it is the first step in the direction of an 'establishment of religion;' and I should add that the first step in the direction involves the fatal step, because it _logically in-volves the last step. "But it will, be asked, How can religion, in this general sense, be essential to good government? Is atheism, is the religion of Buddha, of Zoroaster, of Lao-tse, conducive to good government? Does not the best government require the best religion? ŠCertainly the best government requires the best religion. It is the child of true religion, or of truth on the subject of religion, as well as on all other subjects. But the real question here is not, What is the best religion? but, How shall this best religion be secured? I answer; It can best be se-cured by adopting the doctrine of this,seventh see- tion in our own bill of rights, and which I sum-marize in two words, by calling it the doctrine of `hands off.' Let the State not only keep its own hands off, but let it also see to it 'that religious sects keep their hands off each other. Let relig-ious doctrines have a fair field, and a free, intel-lectual, moral, and spiritual conflict. The weakest Šthat is, the intellectually, morally, and spiritu-ally weakestŠwill go to the wall, and the best will triumph in the end. This is the golden truth which it has taken the world eighteen centuries to learn, and which has at last solved the terrible enigma of Church and State. "Among the many forms of stating this truth, as a principle of government, to my mind it is nowhere more fairly and beautifully set forth than in our own constitution. Were it in my power, I would not alter a syllable of the form in which it is there put down. It is the true republican doctrine. It is simple and easily understood. It means tree conflict of opinions as to things divine. It means masterly inac-tivity on the part of the State, except for the purpose of keeping the conflict free, and pre-venting the violation of private rights or of the public peace. Meantime, the State will impar-tially aid all parties in their struggles after re-ligious truth, by providing means for the increase of general knowledge, which is the handmaid of good government, as well as of true morality. It means that a man's rights to his own religious convictions, and to impart them to his own chil-dren, in harmless acts of worship towards the Almighty, are as sacred in the eye of the law as are the rights of person or property, and that, although in the minority, he shall be protected in the full, unrestricted enjoyment thereof. The protection' guaranteed by the section in ques-tion means protection to the minority. The majority can protect itself. Constitutions are enacted for the purpose of protecting the weak against the strong, the few against the many. "As with individuals so with governments, the most valuable truths are discovered late in life, and, when discovered, their simplicity and beauty make us wonder that we had not known them before. Such is the character and hi,story of the truth here spoken of. At first sight it seems to lie deep; but, on close examination, we find it to be only a new phase or application of a doctrine with which true religion everywhere abounds. It is the simple doctrine of conquering an enemy by kindness. Let religious sects adopt it toward each other. If you desire people to fall in love with your religion, make it lovely. If you wish to put down a false religion, put it down by kindness, thus heaping coals of fire on its head. You Ł cannot put it down by force; that has been tried. To, make the attempt is to put down your own religion, or to abandon it. Moral and spiritual conflicts cannot be profitably waged with carnal, weapons. When so carried on, the enemy of truth and right is too apt to triumph. Even heathen writers have learned and taught this golden truth. Buddha says: Let a man overcome anger by love, evil by good, the greedy by liberality, and the slanderer by a true and upright life.' Christianity is full of this truth, and, as a moral code, might be said to rest upon it. It is in hoc signo, by the use of such weapons, that -Christianity must rule, if it rules at all. "We are all subject to prejudices deeper, more fixed, on the subject of religion than on any other. Each is, of course, unwary of his own prejudices. 