Equal and exact justice to all men, of wflatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7eyerson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, SEPTEMBER 11,1889. NUMBER 33. `FIIe otin2eFicar2 geltNel. PUBL1SHED "WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND Sr., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, B. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. THE National Reform movement for Sunday laws and an amendment to the Constitution pro-viding that religion be taught in the public schools is clearly wrong and wicked. It is a dangerous menace to the liberties of the peo-. pie and detrimental to the best interests of intelligent civilization. It is born of the same narrow, bigoted, intolerant spirit which attended a union of Church and State in the days of papal supremacy; and which later drove Roger Williams into the wilderness of Rhode Island, banished the Quakers from Massachusetts, and burned women at the stake for supposed witch-craft. Christ said : " My kingdom is not of this world." Yet the National Reformers by their ef-forts to secure religious laws clearly design to make it such. Religion is something which the conscience alone should decide, and wherein civil laws should not be allowed to dictate. "Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord." And yet, the National Reformers are working vigorously to secure the might and power of the State for the enforcement of the principles of the Christian religion. The move-ment is wrong. It is against the true teachings of Christ. It is against the freedom guaranteed by the Constitution. It ought to be, and is be-ing opposed by the best thinking and reasoning people of the country.ŠBertrand (Nebraska) Herald. Individual Rights. THE Sunday-law folks try to make consider-able capital out of the plea of personal liberty. We do not deny that the phrase, " personal lib-erty " has been abused, but the abuse of that or any other term cannot be made an excuse for making either the name or the thing a term of reproach nor a symbol for all that is bad. There is such a thing as personal liberty, and it is right that it should be respected. Article I of Section I of the constitution of the new State of Washington justly declares that "governments are established to protect and maintain individual rights." This is true, and we are happy to see it expressed in such a place. But "individual rights" is only another expression for "personal liberty." A counterfeit, though diligently and abundantly circulated, should never be allowed to become an excuse for dropping or decrying the use of the  genuine. It should only make honest people the more diligent in spreading abroad the knowledge and the use of the genuine. It does not meet the opposition to Sunday laws to raise a cry against what the chiefest Sun-day-law workers delight to call. " the invading horde of unwashed foreigners," who demand per-sonal liberty. The opponents of Sunday taws are not all foreigners, nor are the people all criminals and anarchists who come from other countries to this. There are people who speak the name of Bismarck with a German accent who are respect-able people, bona fide citizens of the United States, entitled to all the rights of citizens, and who, with others, have just as much right to enjoy their in-dividual rights as the Sunday-law workers have_ to all rights individual and collective; and who have just as much right to oppose Sunday laws as anybody has to advocate them. And they have a right to all these things without being subjected to the sneers, the stale witticisms, and the re-proachful epithets, of those who would establish a religious despotismin the name of "popular lib-erty." Romanism and the Public Schools. SUNDAY, August 11, 1889, in Oakland, Cali-fornia, there was dedicated a new Roman Catholic institution called St. Mary's College. It is four stories high above the basement, shaped some-thing like the letter E, with a center and north-ern and southern wings. The frontage is 180 feet, north wing 150 feet, and southern wing 140 feet. It is estimated that nearly ten thousand people were present at the ceremonies. The Catholic Father Gleeson delivered the dedica-tory address. He inveighed so heavily against the public school system of the Unitcd States, that his speech excited much attention. Urgent requests have come to us from friends of the SENTINEL to print it so that they can have it for future reference. We have consented to do so. We are satisfied that we are doing our subscrib-ers good service in laying it before them. In view of the urgent demand now being made by Protestants for an amendment to the national Constitution establishing religious instruction in the public schools, ostensibly as a defense against Romanism, it is important to know just what the Romish position is ; and it becomes doubly im-portant when. it is seen that the Protestant de-mand is in principle identical with the Romish. From Mr. Gleeson's speech it will be clearly seen that if the Protestant demand be acceded to and religious instruction be established in the public schools, it will be a direct play into -the hands of the Romish system. We print the whole of the matter in the one number, as we think the reader would rather have it so, than to have it divided up through sev-eral numbers, as the whole speech can thus be had for reference at any time. Such comments as we are allowed at this time hurriedly to make, we have interspersed through the speech in brackets. After a few introductory remarks Mr. Gleeson said :Š But what, it may be inquired, will be the character of the instruction that will be imparted in this college? Will it be of a kind and of a standard that will meet the approval and satisfy the requirements of the people of our time I answer unhesitatingly in the affirmative, and sayŠ" Yes." It is proposed, as far as I under-stand the scope of the work to be done, to turn out from these walls of learning accomplished, well-trained scholarsŠyouths capable of taking their places creditably in all the honorable de-partments of life in the community. It is pro-posed to prepare and qualify young men here for engaging in all the useful and profitable pursuits of human industry in the community; it is proposed to train them for entering upon the various learned professions. In short, within these walls is to be imparted a thorough and high standard of education which will embrace a com-mercial, mathematical, classic, and English course. But is that all that is aimed at by the project-ors of this work ? By no means. Were that to be the extent of the labors of the men who are now entering upon the duties of this college, not a brick would have been laid in these walls. The object in view is not merely to turn out ca-pable commercial, scientific, and classic graduates. It is not merely to. furnish the learned professions with young men of trained and disciplined hab-its and cultured minds. But, if I rightly under-stand what is intended, and I think I do, it is to do much more than this. What is that more? It is to give to-the community young men whose training, acquirements, and principles will render them ornaments to society and guardians and de-fenders of the interests of the people. The country is at present becoming alarmed at the crimes, the excesses, and dishonesty of many of its public servants. Men are beginning to see and to understand that something addi-tional is needed for a competent public official than merely technical qualification for office. They are beginning to see that neither bonds, nor prisons, nor public opinion, nor social ostracism are of themselves enough to restrain the average man from the commission of crime when the temptations to unfaithfulness are numerous and strong. In a word the records of the number and magnitude of the public defalcations which have occurred and are constantly occurring in this land is beginning to open the eyes of the more thoughtful and reflective in the community to the usefulness and even necessity of the incul-cation of ethical principles in connection with the education of youths, and this, if I mistake not 