()atollErt 1g, 11 94. Ł -4410MirtiCA.N g2/ order will be issued closing the cigar stores, restaurants, and livery stables, and to stop the sale of the Chicago papers on Sunday. To-day the women here gave notice that Sunday cooking will be dis-pensed with and a market will be opened next Saturday where cooked meats, bread, pies, and all kinds of eatables can be pur-chased ready for a Sunday dinner. Mayor Suman has an ordinance drawn, to be pre-sented to the council next Friday night, to prohibit any person under 20 years of age from appearing on the streets after 9 o'clock P. M.-Daily Inter-Ocean, Oct. 2. Equal Rights Denied the Jews. ' BUDAPEST, Oct. 8.-The House of Mag-nates in Hungary, has rejected the bill recently introduced providing for the en-larging of the religious rights of the Jews in Hungary. . . Court Marshal Szeczen, a notoriously intolerent man, led the reactionist clericals in the attack on the bill. LONDON, Oct. 8.-The Standard's Vienna correspondent predicts that the Hungarian Cabinet will be forced to resign on the religious question before the end of the next two or three weeks. The crisis, he says, will be serious and Dr. Wekerle's resignation is imminent.-New York Sun, Oct. 9. Some Peculiar Definitions. FATHER O'NEth's brave protest against allowing the Junior Order of American Mechanics to turn a public school of Mid-dleboro' into an A. P. A. temple has elicited from the representative of that order the following unique definition of " non-sectarianism," as understood by its members :- We believe that the Bible should be read in our public schools, not to teach sectarianism, but to incul-cate its teaching. It is the recognized standard of all moral and civil law, we therefore believe that our children should be educated in its teachings, but that no dogma or creed should be taught at the same time. The only prototype for this view of strict neutrality is found in the notorious Father Chiniquy's declaration of religious freedom :- Though I am in favor of liberty of conscience, in its highest sense, I think that the atheist ought to be punished like the murderer and the thief--for his doctrines tend to make a murderer and a thief of every man. -The Pilot (Catholic), Boston, Sept. 29. 'THE first fruit of Pope Leo's encyclical on the reunion of Christendom is the visit to the Vatican of a delegation of Anglican clergymen. His holiness spoke of the joy which recent submissions to the Catholic Church had given him, and declared that the English people were the pioneers of truth in their sincere spirit of religious craving. Cardinal Vaughan, in opening the Cath-olic conference in Preston, Eng., Sept. 10, spoke concerning the reunion of Christen-dom. The movement had been so rapid in the Anglican Church within the last fifty years, he said, that it had been diffi-cult to distinguish often the Roman and Anglican churches:, * The movement was spreading fast in the United Kingdom.-Northwestern Chronicle, Oct. 5 PRISON LIGHT Edited by one sending the Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over the land. Agents wanted, 50 per cent. commission. Trial year 20 cents. Terms and sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGHT, 40 Green Street, Brattleboro, Vt. A Good Book for the Children. Beautifully Illuminated Covers! Fifty-three Illustrations! Interesting Reading! All this and more is combined in " The Good Shepherd: The Life of the Saviour for Children." This book, which is 8x101 inches and + inch in thickness, tells the story of the Life of Christ in a way that cannot fail to interest the little folks. It is exceptionally free from doctrinal errors, and should be in every family where there are children to be taught a Saviour's love. The illustrations, which are nearly all good, add very much to its educational value. Price, only 50 cents. Address, Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. HIS GLORIOUS APPEARING. AN EXPOSITION OF MATTHEW 24. Revised, Enlarged, and Illustrated. The book contains 96 pages, with twenty full-page -illustrations. The work takes up Christ's great prophecy of his own second coining, and the signs of the times are clearly pointed out in their relation to that greatest event. JUST THE BOOK FOR THE TIMES. Attractive, - Interesting, Ł Timely, - and - Instructive. Bound in paper, . 20 cents, Bound in boards with cover design in colors, 25 " Bound in fine English cloth, embossed covers, lemon edges, . . . . . . " IS THE PAPACY IN PROPHECY? BY THE Rev. Thomas W. Haskins, M. A., Rector Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal. The abirn is the title of a treatise written by the author, at the request of the Ministerial Union of Los Angeles, California. It grew out of a discussion upon the present aspect and aims of The Roman Catholic Church in the United States, the author taking the ground that the rise, progress, present and future condition of the temporal power known as the Papacy, or Vaticanism, Is Outlined in the Prophecies of Holy Scriptures, with sufficient accuracy to determine what the " Papacy " is, and what is to be its future develop-ment and ultimate end. Paper Covers, - - 25 Cents. Cloth Covers, - - - - 60 Cents. Mailed, post-paid, on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. Kansas City. Mo, Oakland, Cal. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY LIBRARY. No. 1. Due Process of Law and the Divine Right ,of Dissent. A review of Judge Hammond's decisionŁ in the King case. By A. T. Jones. 120 pages. Price, 15 cents. No. 2. Religious Intolerance in the Republic. A por-trayal of recent persecutions in.  Tennessee. 16 pages. Price, 2 cents. No. 3. Church and State. By James T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore Bar. 60 pages. Price, 10 cents. No. 4. The National Sunday Law. Arguments by A. T. Jones in opposition to the Blair Sunday-rest Bill. 192 pages. Price. 25 cents. No. 5. Sunday Laws in the United States. By James T. Ringgold. 24 pages. Price, 3 cents. No. 6. The Captivity of the Republic. 128 pages. Price, 15 cents. No. 7. Appeal and Remonstrance. 24 pages. Pride, 8 cents. No. S. Appeal from the U. S. Supreme Court Decision Making this a " Christian Nation." A Protest. By A. T. Jones. 86 pages. Price, 15 cents. No. 10. Religious Liberty and the Mormon Question. 20 pages. Price, 23 cents. No. 11. The "Civil Sabbath;" or Disguised Religious Legislation. 12 pages. Price, 1M cents. No. 12. The Columbian Year, and the Meaning of the Four Centuries. 44 pages. Price, 53 cents. No. 13. The Limits of Civil Authority. 12 pages. Price, 1M cents. No. 14. Christ and the Sabbath. 40 pages. Price, 5 cents. No. 15. Rome's Challenge: Why Do Protestants Keep Sunday 1 40 pages. Price, 5 cents. No. 16. Our Answer: Why Do Seventh-day Adventists Suffer Imprisonment Rather Than Keep Sunday's By A. F. Ballenger. 12 pages. Price, *6 cents. No. IS. Christ and the Pharisees;  or, Christ's Faithful-ness in Sabbath-keeping. 40 pages. Price, 5 cents. No. 19. Protestantism, True and False. 32 pages. Price, 4 cents. No. 20. Civil Government and Religion. 182 pages. Price, 25 cents. No. 21. Congress on Sunday Legislation. 16 pages. Price, 1% cents. No. 22. The Legal Sunday : Its History and Character. 260 pages. Price, 40 cents. The same in cloth, 75 cents. .Ł No. 23. The Sabbath Question in the Dominion Parlia-ment, as viewed by Hon. G. Amyot, M. P. 12 pages. Price, 1 cents. No. 24. What Do These Things Meant The true mean ing of the present unsettled condition of " Capital and Labor," finances, etc. 20 pages. Price, 2% cents. Apples of Gold ENVELOPE SERIES  Library THIS is the title of a little monthly publication re-cently started by the Pacific Press, and is designed especially for use in personal correspondence, It is printed on thin paper, and one or two numbers can be put in a No. 6 envelope, with an ordinary letter, without increasing the postage. The following numbers have already been issued:- No. 1. Looking unto Jesus. " 2. The Christian's Privile e. " 3. The Sure Promises of God. " 4. How to Get Knowledge " 5. The Church and the World. (Poetry.) The Elect of God. How Esther Read Her Bible. The Thief on the Cross. " 9. The Eleventh Hour. " 10. Benefits of Bible Study. " 11. Righteousness: Where Is It to be Found? The Power of Forgiveness. " 13. Responsibility of Parents. " 14. Choose Ye This bay. " 15. The Cross of Christ. " 16. The New Birth. " 17. " What Must I Do to be Saved i " Five copies for one year, postpaid, 50 cents' or 12 copies for $1.00. Single subscriptions are not desir-able, for two reason : (1) The numbers being so Small they are liable to be lost in the mails. (2) If they are used in correspondence, as recommended, more than one copy would be necessary. Single or assorted numbers of the .TAbrary will be mailed in quantities at the following rates: 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00 per thousand copies. Always order by the NUMBER. Any of the above may be obtained post free on re-ceipt of price by addressing Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal. ; 18 W. Fifth Street, Kansas City, Mo. ; 43 Bond Street, New York City. Works on all phases of Bible truth. Send for catalogue. Ninety-six pages, Large print, Good paper, Strong-binding. " 7. lt 12.  