492 AMERICAN SENTINEIA. in his words of welcome to those from othei States, re-ferred to the statute-intrenched Sunday of Tennessee, in these words : "We are proud to have you see among us, what others say is the truest Americanism in our fair landŠan American sabbath; and we are trying to pre-serge it." This gentleman possibly did not know all that has been done in Tennessee to "preserve" this "American sabbath;" he possibly did not know how "soul liberty" for which Baptists of past generations contended and for which not a few of them laid down their lives, has in this closing decade of the nineteenth century been outraged in the State of Tennessee in the interests of the so-called "Americanism" which he is proud to exhibit to visitors from other States. Oh, that Baptists would be true to their history; true to the noble men and women who counted not their lives dear unto them that they might have conscience void of offense toward God; and above all, true to the principles of the glorious gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. ~.Ł 44 Recent Changes in Sunday Laws. THE report of the "New York Sabbath Committee" for 1894-1896, gives the following summary of recent changes in the Sunday laws of the various States:Š "Vermont, in the revised Sunday law of 1894, omits the old-time prohibition of traveling and visiting, except for necessity or charity, and of being present at any public assembly except for worship and instruction. "In Rhode Island, the General Law of 1896 provides for the exemption of those who keep another day than Sunday as the Sabbath. "In New Jersey, by the Amendatory Act of April 28, 1893, it is made 'not unlawful' to publish or sell news-papers, to sell milk, to ride or hire horses and car-riages for recreation on Sunday; subject to the power of the local authorities to regulate or prohibit by or-dinances the acts thus made lawful, in their several muni-cipalities. "In Georgia, a law passed in 1895 permits the run-ning on Sunday of special fruit and vegetable trains, un-der careful restrictions. "Public ball games and other sports on Sunday, for-bidden in most of the States by thegeneral statutes, have become in some places so serious an evil by reason of the large and noisy crowds assembled and the temptation to mischief, that special ordinances have been found neces-sary to suppress them. "The work of barbers, which in some States has been held to come under the general prohibition of labor on Sunday, has been forbidden by special statutes, on de-mand of the barbers themselves, in Missouri, Ohio, Ken-tucky, Illinois, Colorado and Montana, as well as in New York as mentioned above. "California, which had been for a number of years without any Sunday lawŠexcept that, as in the other States, by the comet qk law Sunday is a holiday, dies non juridicusŠin 1895 pa d 'An Act to provide a day of rest from labor;' it declares that 'every person employed in any occupation of labor is entitled to one day's rest therefrom in seven,' and makes it unlawful for an em- ployer of labor to cause an employe to work more than six days in seven, except in cases of emergency. The po-sition of California in this respect is unique, no such law being found in any other State. An unsuccessful attempt in 1895 to enact a suitable Sunday law has aroused pub-lic sentiment, and led to renewed efforts for reform. "Oklahoma, the latest received into the sisterhood of States, has enacted Sunday laws mainly copied from those of New York. "Idaho is the only State in the Union where as yet no statutory provision is made for the protection of the weekly rest-day. "In the District of Columbia, the Sunday laws which were in force at the time the district was ceded to the United States, are still nominally in force. A bill is now before Congress, and is understood to have the approval of the District Commissioners, to provide more effectually for the prevention of labor and traffic on Sunday." This summary is given as showing the trend of public sentiment in the matter of Sunday legislation. At first glance, however, it is liable to be misleading. There seems to be a trend of public sentiment in the direction of greater Sunday liberty; but this is true only of the present sentiment as compared with the sentiment pre-vailing at the time the old laws were, enacted. It must be remembered that most of the Sunday statutes of the States had their birth before the modern era of religious liberty. As compared with more recent times, the present sentiment respecting Sunday legislation shows a marked increase in the desire for Sunday enforcement. " Faith or Fact." This is the title of a book of 331 pages, which comes to us for review from the firm of Peter Eckler, of this city. The author is Mr. Henry M. Taber, and his endeavor is to show that faith and fact are antagonistic to each other. To this end he cites a numerous array of facts bearing upon quite a wide range of topics, which seem designed to include every prominent manifestation of human thought and action to which religion has given rise. The purpose of the author does not appear to have demanded any great effort at substantiating his "facts" by proof. For example, on page 99, he states that "Three Baptists (who religiously observe the seventh day of the week) have been for months languishing in a prison in Tennessee for the crime(!) of attending to their gardens or performing some ordinary farm duties on Sunday." But no Baptists were ever imprisoned in Ten-nessee for Sunday labor. Mr. Taber might easily have learned the truth on this point if he had been anxious to state the matter correctly. As a presentation of the superstition, credulity, hy-pocrisy, errors, inconsistencies, follies, fanaticism, injus-tice, and crimes of which men have been guilty in the name of Christianity, Mr. Taber's book would be well worth perusing, provided it were a profitable occupa-tion to peruse such records,Šwhich it is not. 