WE have on hand the following bound vol-umes of the SENTINEL in first class condition:- 4 Cloth, leather back and corners, Vol. 1 Manila cover, aC 1 Cloth, CC 4 Manila, 1 Cloth, c4 4 Manila, 6, 8, 10,  44 1891. 1893. CC 1895. CC 10 Cloth, 11, 1896. CC C4 CC 8 Manila, We have also the following volumes slightlyd amaged:Š 3 Cloth, Vol. 4,  1889. 1 Manila, 46 CC 1 Manila, l6  5,  1890. 1 Cloth, 8, 1893. 1 Manila, 44 44 We will send the above volumes, postpaid, to any ad-dress, for the following prices:Š Those in first class condition, Cloth, $2.50. Manila, 1.50. Those damaged, Cloth, 1.50. Manila, 1.00. AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. EiMER1CAN SENTINEL. 397 VOLUMES of the SENTINEL. But this neither disturbed his peace of mind nor robbed BACK him of his determination to have a good time." "I think you said that little Henry VI. of England had been announced king in Paris, after his father died," said Edna. "Didn't he appoint some one to act as king till the baby grew?" "0 yes, indeed; he did not forget that. He was too cool-headed to neglect to make secure the great victories he had won. So the important office of regent was held by the Duke of Bedford." "I think I've read that he was a wise and good man," said Edna; "affairs must have prospered with him at the head of government." "I've no doubt they would have prospered better, but for the fact that the duke was more anxious to gain the rest of France for the English crown than to mitigate the sufferings of the people, though he would gladly have done both." "I would like to know what became of Queen Isabella. I think you have not mentioned her since poor crazy Charles died," said Maggie Palmeter. "She lived in the very placeŠthe same hotel St. Pol, where her poor neglected husband passed so many years. She lived for a long time, and let us hope she was sorry for the wretched part she had acted before she died." "Why, let me see," said Will Palmeter, "she must have been the grandmother of the little English king, Henry, wasn't she?" "Why no; how could that be?" chimed in Rob Bil-lings. "I thought she was the French queen, and the mother of the Dauphin Charles the seventh." "She was all of that, and yet Will is right. Who can explain? Hands up! Who remembers about this? Jen-nie Jacobs may answer." "Why, it is easy enough, I think. Rob forgets that King Henry V. married Catharine, the daughter of crazy Charles and Queen Isabella, so of course their little boy Henry would be the grandson of Isabella." "I remember it now," said Robert. "I'll just note that in my book, and then I won't be apt to forget it again." "When the kings and queens of different countries marry each other, it is apt to make quite a change in the map of the countries concerned, and so it is well to make it a point to remember such things." "Uncle Jack says that when Isabella died, they put the image of a wolf over her as a monument," said Edna. "So they did, and it was not at all complimentary to her disposition and virtues. Though once she wept when little Henry lifted his baby cap to her, in token of respect, I suppose she did not think she deserved so much. So let us hope she was not entirely without feelings of tenderness. "About this time a remarkable woman named Jeanne Dare arose, claiming that she was sent of God to deliver France. I would like Robert Billings to tell us all he can of her history, either verbally or in writing, just as he likes, at our next study." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. TO OUR PATRONS : 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State. either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF TES International Religious hiberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Punt Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, - .Ł $1.00 SG Six months, .50 St. Three " Ł .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 