Equal and .Sxact Justice to all Men, of Whatever 43tate or 'Persuasion, religious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 1, 1892. NUMBER 47. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 Bonn ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN. W. H. McE:EE. IN the Scriptures the Christian's rela-tionship to Christ is described under the symbol of the marriage tie: "Ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ; that ye should be married to another, even to him who is raised from the dead, that we should bring forth fruit unto God." Rom. 7 : 4. "I have espoused you to one husband." 2 Cor. 11: 2. And the individual Christian is in this repre-sented as having been espoused "as a chaste virgin to Christ." ŠOŠ SUMI individuals gathered in fellowship form the Church of Christ. And the re-lationship to Christ of such collection of individuals is also described under the symbol of the marriage tie : " Husbands love your wives, even as Christ also loved the Church, and gave himself for it. . . . So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. He that loveth his wife loveth himself. For no man ever yet hated his own flesh; but nourisheth and cherisheth it, even as the Lord the Church. . . . For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall be joined unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh. This is a great mystery : but I speak concerning Christ and the Church." Eph. 5: 25-32. Š0Š IN accordance with this idea the Church of Christ is represented in the Scriptures as the purest and fairest of women, lean-ing upon the arm of her beloved; drawn to him with the drawings of his love; her only thought being of her beloved; to her the chief est among ten thousand and alto-gether lovely, whose banner over her is  love, and who would present her to him-self "a glorious church not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish." Such is the Church to Christ; such is Christ to his Church; and such is the re-lationship between Christ and his Church. To such a church as this Christ com-mitted his gospel to be by her made known to every creature. It is only such a church as this that can make known the gospel of Christ. That gospel "is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Rom. 1: 16. No one can make known that power who does not know that power for himself and in himself. And the Church could make known the power of God only by knowing the power in and for herself. And that power being known only by faith, in the nature of things it is only by abiding faithful to her Lord that the Church could fulfill the work of the gos-pel committed to her trust. AGAIN : The gospel is Christ in men the hope of glory. Col. 1: 27. This is what the Church of Christ is to make known to men. No one can make known Christ in men who for himself does not know Christ in himself. It pleased God "to reveal his Son in me that I might preach him." Gal. 1: 16. But Christ dwells in men only by faith: "That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith." Eph. 3: 17. It is evident, therefore, that the only way in which the Church can make known Christ in men the hope of glory, is to have, and to know, Christ revealed in herself. And as this is only known by faith it is evident that it is only by abiding faithful to Christ that she can know Christ in herself or make him known in men. Š0Š ONCE more : In the gospel the righteous-ness of God is revealed ; and the righteous-ness of God only. And it is the righteous-ness of God only which the Church of Christ is to know, and which she is to make known to all the world. This is the ministry of the gospel which is committed  to the Church of Christ. This righteous-ness is known only by faith, and revealed only to faith. " Therein is the righteous-ness of God revealed from faith to faith." "Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe." Rom. 1: 17, and 3: 22. As, therefore, this righteousness is known only by faith, and is revealed only to faith, it is plain that it is only by abid-ing steadfast in faithfulness to Christ that the Church can know or make known the righteousness of God which is revealed in the gospel. And the sum of all these counts, and of many more that might be given, is simply to demonstrate over and over that it is only by abiding wholly in Christ, by trusting in him entirely, by de-pending upon him completely, by perfect faithfulness to him, that the Church can be what she must be in order to do what she is established to do. Š0Š SUCH was the Church of Christ in the beginning. Such is always the Church of Christ indeed. But such neither is nor has been the professed Church of Christ. For there has been an apostasy from Christ and from the true Church of Christ. In the apostles' days the warning was given, " Of your own selves shall men arise speak-ing perverse things, to draw away disciples after them." Acts 20: 30. And there shall come "a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition, who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so, that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God. . . . For the mystery of iniquity doth already work." 2 Thess. 2: 3-7. Š0Š THE Lord exalted his Church, and clothed her with the beautiful garments of, salvation and righteousness, and the power of godliness, before the eyes of all the nations. He made her exceeding beautiful, and she prospered, and her renown went forth to all the world for her beauty; for it was perfect through His comeliness which He had put upon her. But not satisfied 