AMERICAN SENTINEL. TOT nized by the United States under the bargain with the Sultan of the Sulus, but proceededto give explanations as to why it must be so. President Schurman being one of the agents through whom the arrangement was made,his words are conclusive that it is not "absolutely false," nor false at all, Next the Constitution is quoted as proof that there is no slavery in the Sulus. That is, because the Consti-tution says that slavery shall not exist in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, and the Sulus are subject to this jurisdiction, therefore there is no slavery in the Sulus! It is so merely because the Con-stitution says so. Yet that it is not so is confessed in the very next sentence, saying, "In the Southern Pine Islands, and in the Sulus, there is slavery." Whether it is recognized or not, it is confessedly there. Therefore, confessedly, slavery does exist in places subject to the jurisdiction of the United States: and this, confessedly, in spite of the Constitution which declares that it shall not so exist. And all this by a bargain made, and under the Adminis-tration, of men who have taken oath to support the Constitution. Another defense is that provision is made in the treaty by which the slaves can buy their freedom. But no one has offered any explanation of how a slave is to buy his freedom when he possesses nothing and never receives anything of his own, when himself with all that he ever can have is absolutely his masters. If that is to be the surety against slavery under the jurisdiction of the United States, then it is quite certain that slavery will always exist there. Another defense, this one put forth by the Chicago Times-Herald, proceeds upon President Schurman's ex-planation and confesses not only that there is slavery there, but that it must continue unmolested except by "the leaven of civilization." This may seem surprising, and it is; but that it is true, all may read for them-selves. Here is the editorial from the Times-Herald, of November 2:Š ',OUR POLICY TOWARD THE STILT'S. "The possible continuance of slavery and polygamy in the Sulu Islands under our arrangement with the Sultan has provoked a storm of hostile criticism. More-over, . . . a large part of it proceeds from nonpoliti-cal sources_ "It is undoubtedly abhorrent to the general senti-ment of the country that either slavery or polygamy should be tolerated beneath the American flag. The great war which liberated the negro is held to have been a culminating sacrifice which should make human bond-age inadmissible wherever our sovereignty is estab-lished, and the present vigorous campaign against the seating of Roberts, of Utah, in Congress, demonstrates the intense feeling against the custom of plural mar-riages, which is equally repugnant whether it is observed by Mohammedan or Mormon. No religious guise can change its essential immorality. "The outcry over the Sulu agreement is, therefore, perfectly intelligible. But President Schurman, of the Philippiires commission, meets it with a conclusive an-swer. First, he considers our actual legal rights, and says truly that we have none except such as were be-queathed to us by Spain. But Spain was bound by promises not to interfere with the religion or customs of the islands, and if we ignore those promises we shall have to acquire a new title by conquest. This, we may add, would be a 'war of aggression' with a vengeance. It would create an entirely new situation and class us unequivocally among land-grabbing nations. "The dilemma forces us to review once more the proper scope of a colonial policy which can never be successful unless the most scrupulous regard is had for local beliefs, prejudices, traditions, and customs. If we are not disposed to acknowledge that such perplexities as they give rise to are inevitable and not to be over-come by an autocratic fiat, then we are not prepared for the mission that is plainly implied in the scheme of ex-pansion. We might as well own to failure now. "But are the circumstances of the case such as to drive us to this confession? Can we not adapt ourselves to new obligations as other countries have done? Surely that is impossible, if we have the practical genius and the common sense which we boast and with which we are generally credited. "The error of the critics consists in their overlook-ing the responsibilities which are ours legitimately, and in their insisting upon a moral responsibility which does not of right belong to us. We have to accept the Sulu Islands as we find them. Their bad customs are our inheritance, but not our fault. No other nation can charge us with them, and when we come to take up the problem of reform we should attempt its solution after the most promising methods. We must work slowly, and, as President Schurman says, through "the leaven of civilization." "Gradually we may bring about the desired change, and the gain will be the islands' gain, our own, and the world's. But arbitrary measures would lead to a long and fierce religious and race war, and the abandonment of the group would consign it to eternal anarchy and barbarism. Can there be any doubt as to which is the best of the three policies that are suggested?" From this it is manifest also that it is understood and intended that a colonial policy can be followed by the United States, only by following the example of other countries. But in a double sense this cannot be done without abandoning the Constitution. First, because other colonizing countries have not written constitutions. Precedent, that which they have done, being the only obligation upon them, they can easily enough and consistently adapt themselves to "local beliefs, prejudices, traditions and customs" in their colonies. And to say that the United States should or can follow their example, is at once to argue that this nation must abandon its written Constitution and proceed only on precedent, and that the precedent of other countries! Secondly: It cannot be done without abandoning the Constitution; because a colonial policy after the ex- 