AMERICAN SENTINEL. , 795 in 538 A. 73. That is the history in brief of the rise of the papacy. "Pat Flannagan has doubtless been taught to believe that Peter was the first pope; but this is wrong. Noth-ing is said in the Word of God about his wearing the tiara or sitting in splendor. Even tradition says that in shame of his denial of Christ, when he was doomed to (lie on the cross, he requested that it should be head downward, as he thought it too great an honor to die as did his Lord. "But, dear, in bringing out these truths of history, let us remember that we are only dealing with principles and not with people. The pope and the Catholic people are doubtless sincere, and God only, whose mercy is deeper than the measure of man's mind, must deal with both of us. If we fail to live up to our light, we shall be more -guilty." F. B. Studies in French History.-2. "WELL, Charlie, my boy, how did you like your les-son in French history, yesterday? Did you learn any-thing, or get any facts you could bring home with you?" "Learn anything! I guess I did; I just knew these lectures would pay a fellow to listen to, and I can tell you they do." "Did you make any notes? I hope you did; for they may be of great value to you sometime." "0 yes; I made a few, but I got so interested that I didn't get as many as I wish I had. The thing that im-pressed me most was the awful cruelty of the ancient Romans to their captives. Professor said it was the same in all ages of the world; the stronger are apt to op-press the weaker." "True; but that is not Christ's way," said Mrs. White. The next Wednesday afternoon found a goodly rep-resentation of sunny-faced girls and boys gathered in the classroom promptly at the hour. "Can you tell me where the previous lesson ended? Hands up. Edna Phillips may answer." "At the conquering of Gaul by Julius Csar," said Edna, whose memory was her strong point. "Right. This was hundreds of years from the time described in the beginning of the lesson. And so we find that the more modern inhabitants of Gaul do not at all resemble the more ancient ones. They had learned to -dress themselves in bright and gay colors, and to wear very much jewelry. But there is as much difference be-tween the Frenchman of to day and the Gaul as he looked in the time of Julius Cmsar, as there was between the ancient and the more modern Gaul. These latter were tall and had broad shoulders, blue eyes, and fair, long, flowing beards, which sometimes were considerably in the way of the vain owners, especially in times of battle. The Gauls had a pretty correct idea of the best way of keep- ing in fighting order; for when any soldier became very fat, some form of punishment was given him. "The wives of these people were very warlike, like their husbands, and it is said of them that they 'gnashed their teeth and brandished their arms like a windmill, when opposed to the enemy.' I see some of the girls smile at this description of the ladies of Gaul, as it is so far different from the Christian idea of what constitutes a true woman. But these Gauls, after being conquered by the Romans, adopted the more civilized mode of life of their conquerers. But this did not prevent them from sometimes burying or burning their horses, dogs, or even slaves, with their dead owners. "But they had one redeeming feature at least; for they were really far in advance of most barbarians in the respect which they gave to their wives, and history tells us that these women repaid them in love and devo-tion. "Rome was mistress now for the next 500 years, and as she was ever given to luxury and riotous living, so the inhabitants of her conquered territory soon learned to follow her example. The wealthier Gauls became more extravagant in their mode of living than even the Ro-mans. They did not know the meaning of the word `prudent.' The costly palaces and magnificent dwellings all bore witness to this fact. But where, alas ! did the money for all these extravagances come from? I think you can all guess." "I presume it came from the working classes," said Jack Smith, raising his hand. "Yes; and they protested and cried andgroaned, but it did no good. No one could get from under the cruel power of Rome." "Couldn't they run away to some other country?" asked Charlie White, excitedly. "Indeed they could not, or if they did, Rome, the proud mistress of land and sea, would run after them and bring them back ;o their cruel labor. An old Latin writer," continued Professor Carman, "in speaking of Roman taxation, says:Š "The lands were measured out, to the last clod ; trees and vines were counted; every head of cattle was entered on the tax list; every human being was regis-tered; nothing was heard but whips and cries of torment. Ł  . . No excuse was admitted on the score of age or sickness; meanwhile the animals were diminished, the men were dying off, and still the tax was exacted for the dead.' "Gaul plays a very important part in Roman history during the first century after Christ. Augustus and Claudius lived in Lyons, or Lugdunum, and Caligula, one of the most cruel of Rome's tyrants, made Gaul the thea-ter of many of his fiendish and `mad freaks.' Claudius was the mildest emperor of his age, but was very harsh and severe with the Druids, whom he drove out of the country. Until this time, the religion of Gaul, or Druid-ism (some of the rites of which required human sacrifices), and the religion of RomeŠpaganismŠlived and grew side 