]~A.'rIETJE S OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. History repeats itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know . HOW TO AVOID ERROR IN THE FUTURE must know how errors have developed in the past. The " Fathers of the Catholic Church " shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the principles of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adoption of these principles by prominent men in the Church, and the incautious lowering of the stand-ard of pure Christianity, developed the papacy, which was simply a new form of paganism. The chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English Cloth, Substantially Bound, CONTAINS ABOUT 400 PAGES, Will bu Sent Post-paid for $1.00 IS THE PAPACY IN PROPHECY? BY THE Rev. Thomas W. Haskins, M. A., Rector Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal. The above is the title of a treatise written by the author, at the request of the Ministerial Union of Los Angeles, California. It grew out of a discussion upon the present aspect and aims of The Roman Catholic Church in the United States, the author taking the ground that the rise, progress, present and future condition of the temporal power known as the Papacy, or Vaticanism, Is Outlined in the Prophecies of Holy Scriptures, with sufficient accuracy to determine what the " Papacy " is, and what is to be its future develop-ment and ultimate end. Paper Covers, - - 25 Cents. Cloth Covers, - - - - 60 Cents. Mailed, post-paid, on receipt of price. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. No. 1. No. 2. No. 3. No. 4. No. 5. No. 6. Russia leather, for 2 pens < c 3 ,t Sealskin, 2 " . 3 " Russia leather, for 4 " Sealskin, 4 " 10c. 15c. 15c. 25c. 25c. 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. vi PRISON LIGHT Edited by one sending the R Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over the land. Agents wanted. 50 per cent. commission. Trial year 20 cents. Terms and sample copy 2 cent stamp, Indorsed by the SHNTINEL. PRISON LIGHT, 40 Green Street, Brattleboro, Vt. JUL!' fg, 1.8N. 231 secution, between the Church of Rome and the churches of Africa, were not only made to assume new and political signifi-cance, but were made an issue upon which to secure the imperial recognition and the legal establishment of the Catholic Church. As the rule had already been established that all who did not agree with the bish-ops of the Catholic Church were necessar-ily heretics, and not Christians, it was now claimed by the Catholic Church that therefore none such could be partakers of the benefits of the edict restoring property to the Christians. The Catholic Church disputed the right of heretics to receive property or money under the Edict of Milan, by disputing their right to the title of Christians. This forced an imperial decision upon the question as to who were Christians. The dispute was raised in Africa. Anulinus was proconsul in that province, and to settle this question, Con-stantine wrote thus to him :Š It is our will, that when thou shalt receive this epis-tle, if any of those things belonging to the Catholic Church of the Christians in the several cities or other places, are now possessed either by the decurions, or any others, these thou shalt cause immediately to be restored to their churches. Since we have previously determined, that whatsoever these same churches before possessed, shall be restored to their right.* Thus it was made evident that the im-perial favors were only for the Catholic Church. But was it enough that Con-stantine should decide that all his favors were for the Catholic Church; he must next decide which was the Catholic Church. This he did in 313 in another letter to Anulinus, thus :Š It is my will that these men, within the prov-ince intrusted to thee in the Catholic Church, over which Ccecilianus presides, who give their services to this holy religion, and whom they commonly call clergy, shall he held totally free and exempt from all public offices, to the end that they may not, by any error or sacrilegious deviation, be drawn away from the service due to the Divinity, but rather may devote themselves to their proper law, without any molesta-tion. So that, whilst they exhibit the greatest possi-ble reverence to the Deity, it appears the greatest good will be conferred on the State.  Following this two councils were called by the emperor to settle disputes between those claiming to be the proper represen-tatives of the Catholic ChurchŠthe first was held October 313, the second, in Au-gust of the following year. They both decided in favor of Ca3cilianus and the party presided over by him. The question as to which was the Cath-olic Church having been decided, Con-stantine, in his next epistle, could add yet another distinguishing title. As we have seen, the Edict of MilanŠMarch, A. D. 313Šordered that the churches should be restored to the ChristiansŠ" the whole body of Christians "Šwithout distinction. When the Catholic Church asserted its sole right to the designation " Christian," and backed its assertion with political reasons, which were then peculiarly co-gent, the imperial epistle ranŠMarch, A. D. 313Š" to the Catholic Church of the Christians." When the emperor wrote to Melchiades appointing the first council under the imperial authority, his epistle ranŠautumn, A. D. 313Š" the holy Cath-olic Church." When he wrote to Chrestus Šsummer, A. D. 314Šsummoning him to the second council under imperial author-ity, he referred to the doctrine of the Catholic Church as embodying the " most holy religion." When it had been de-cided which was " the most holy Catholic religion," he addressed an epistle to * Id. t Id., chap. vii. CaecilianusŠA. D. 316Šannouncing im-perial favors to " the legitimate and most holy Catholic religion," and empowered Ctecilianus to assist the imperial officers in preventing any diversion from the most holy Catholic Church. It was thus that that which on its face appeared only innocent and highly proper Šindeed a necessary act of justice, re-storing to its rightful owners property unjustly confiscated, resulted inside of ...three years in the establishment of the Roman Catholic Church as the religion, of the empire. They Can Do Nothing Against the Truth. SOME weeks ago Elders J. 0. Johnston and E. W. Webster, two Seventh-day Adventist ministers, pitched a tent at Brushy Creek, N. C., and began a series of meetings. They had continued about four weeks when they were served with the following notice, which we give ver-batim et literatim,:Š June 16 94 Rev. Johnson, Co. We Will give you Wone week to get away if you dont you haft to take what follows wee mean what wee say Good Bey The man who left the notice disturbed the meeting by asking questions and mak-ing threats, but all went well for a week, and then came a mob to wreck the tent and to drive the Adventists away. But owing to the good offices of the man who owned the lot on which the tent was pitched, and several other of the best citi-zens, their rage was quieted and no harm was done. As usual in such cases the agitation only increases interest to hear what the Adventists have to say, and they are making friends right in the neighbor-hood where violence was threatened only a few days before. 4.  A LATE Belfast paper has this item of news under the heading, " A Curious Case ":Š Justice Mathew, in the Queen's Bench to-day, tried a case in which Mr. H. Reid, on behalf of the Lord's Day Observance Society, sought to recover penalties, under the Act of George the Third, from Mr. E. Wil-son, solicitor to the liquidators of the Leeds Coloseum, and Mr. Ward, ex-mayor of Leeds, the former for allowing lectures at the coloseum, and the latter for presiding at such lectures on the Sabbath day. The defending counsel contended that the lectures were intended to convey instruction in a pleasant and profit-able way. The judge suggested to the observance society whether in attempting to protect the Lord's day, they were not aiding in filling rival institutions. The jury found for the plaintiff, but expressed the opinion that this law should be repealed. The judge concurred. Points of law remain over for further consideration. It is only a few weeks since we printed the particulars of two cases in Australia under an old English statute. Is it not a little strange that such cases are coming up all over the world, and that men are being prosecuted under statutes that have for more than a century slumbered in innocuous desuetude ? IT is stated that the Wesleyan minister at Hobart, Mich., has withdrawn from the connection, giving as a reason the position of the Wesleyan Church on the National Reform question. He says that hereafter he is an advocate of religious liberty. 