Vol I- N. THE YOUNG MAN .QUIT YOU M. 1,1.1 138. SUMO, A MONTHLY JOURNAL AND REVIEW W.1. DAWSON IWO F. A. ATKINS CONTENTS 0 C.) u5 0 O <4 O O SUBSCRIPTION $1 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 95 "The People of the State of New York, represented in Senate and Assembly, do enact as follows: "SECTION 1. Enacted by Senate and Assembly of New York, making it a misdemeanor for any person to carry on the busi-ness of barbering in New York State. "SEC. 2. That any one found guilty of violating this act shall be fined not less than twenty-five dollars or Imprisonment in the county jail not less than fifteen days or more than thirty days, or both, in discretion of court. "SEC. 3. This act to take effect on June one, eighteen hun-dred and ninety-two. " The title would indicate that Mr. Listman means to have it made a crime for any person to carry on the business of a barber in this State on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. The critical reader will observe, however, that there is not a word about Sunday in the body of the act it-self. The first section, if it provides anything at all, which is extremely doubtful, indicates an at-tempt to prohibit the " barbering " business in New York altogether, not only on Sunday but on week days as well. " This may do for the city of Syracuse, but it will hardly answer for New York. We would respect-fully suggest an amendment. Let it be made a misdemeanor for such a man as Adam C. Listman to attempt to engage in the business of legislation for the State of New York." THE reign of the anonymous complaint and the moral censorship of the detective has begun in New York, The following local item from the Sun reads like an adaptation from Colonial days Complaints were sent to Police Headquarters last week by citizens, who didn't append their names to their letters, that Sunday concerts recently given at the city theaters were very little different from those given upon the stage every day, and that the theatrical managers were trying to evade the law prohibiting theatrical performances on Sunday. Superintendent Murray sent' out orders that the law should be enforced, with specific directions that the police should stop any attempt to introduce these specific theatrical and dramatic perform-ances: "Any interlude, tragedy, comedy, opera, ballet, play, farce, negro minstrelsy, negro or other danc-ing, equestrian, circus or dramatic performance, jugglers, acrobats, or rope dancing, " Attention was also called to the fact that it was a misdemeanor for any manager to let his theater on Sunday for entertainments having any of these features. The result of the order from headquarters was that Detectives Kemp, Brett, and McConnell, were made censors last night of the performances at Worth's Museum, the Standard Theater, Koster and Bial's, and the Broadway Theater. Col. Bob Ingersoll's lecture at the Broadway was passed without question. He talked on "Myths and Mir-acles." At Koster and Bial's and the Standard the actors were introduced to the detectives when about to go on, and police criticism was passed upon them. Yank Hoe's jugglery act was eliminated from the entertainment at the Standard, and the use of all wigs and theatrical wardrobe was prohibited. The actors and actresses who sang or talked or played on the piano had to do it in evening dress or walk-ing dress. Captain Reilly said: " If theatrical managers do not like this police censorship they must go to the Legislature and have the law amended.' He had refused requests to pes mit certain acts to be performed. Last week Miss Lydia Yeamans was upset by the refusal of the authorities to per-mit her to appear in sailor costume at the Broad-way Theatre. Detective Hays had said she would be arrested if she wore the sailor suit. She thought it was unfair interference. Superintendent Murray's order was provoked by this, and by the wearing by an actor at the Standard Theater of a red wig which a detective hadn't chanced to detect as a wig and which was worn after the police prohib-itory order. Some of the actors submitted with very bad grace to the orders of the police censors. It is but one step farther to a police censorship of the Sunday wigs and costumes of the general public. THE result of the threat of Dr. Parkhurst, to turn the city upside down and sift out its unworthy municipal authorities, has appeared in the arrest of four or five bartenders for selling liquor on Sunday. The mountain has been in tremendous eruption for several Sundays past, and the usual church mouse has been brought before Justice McMahon to be christened. FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION- ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of all words (over 22,800) in common use, and in mArly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories, letters of intro-duction and recommendation, definitions of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni-versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- dums. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in con mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed; it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter e at the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed or ing; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 50 cents-Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bum ST., NEW YORK. "The only paper of its kind in the world" THE MAGAZINE FOR YOUNG MEN "Young men are a power to-day in the church and the world, and a monthly that appeals directly to them can not fail to find a wide constituency. The new periodical seems admirably adapted to fill an unoccupied niche."ŠChristian Intelligencer. SIE10 PER YEAR SINGLE COPY 10 COS FLEMING H. REVELL COMPANY : PUBLISHED BY FLEMING H. REVELL COMPANY, NEW YORK, 30 UNION SQUARE, E. CHICAGO, 148 & 150 MADISON ST. SMITH'S COMPREHENSIVE DICTIONARY OF THE BIBLE WITH MANY IMPORTANT ADDITIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS. Designed to be a complete guide in regard to the pro-nunciation and signification of Scriptural names; THE SOLUTION OF DIFFICULTIES respecting the interpretation, authority, and harmony of the Old and New Testaments; the history and description of Bib-lical customs, events, places, persons, animals, plants, miner-als, and other things concerning which information is needed by an intelligent and thorough student of the Holy Scriptures, and of the books of the Apocrypha. Over 1,200 royal Svo. pages. Cloth, $5.00; library, $0.00 Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO  , 43 Bond St., New York City. Or, Oakland, Cal. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE A DICTIONARY, And Alphabetical Index To THE ann.S. Cloth, $1.25. Sheep, $2.50. ANALYTICAL CONCORDANCE TO THE BIBLE, On an Entirely New Plan. Containing every word in alphabetical order, arranged under its Hebrew or Greek original, with the literal meaning of each and its pronunciation. Exhibiting about 311,000 refer-ences, marking 30,000 VARIOUS READINGS in the NEW TESTAMENT. Designed for the simplest reader of the English Bible. By Robert Young, LL.D. Fourth revised authorized edition, printed on heavy paper. One large volume, 4to, cloth, $5.00; sheep, $6,00 THE CHRISTIAN'S SECRET OF A HAPPY.  LIFE. BT.  HANNAH WHITALL SMITH. Š0Š Standard edition, I2mo, 240 pages, 75 cents. Handy classic edition, 18mo 292 pages, cloth, gilt edge, 85 cents. Complete Dictionary OF SYNONYMS AND ANTONYMS. BY RIGHT REV. SAMUEL EALLOWS, A. M., D. D. With an appendix, embracing a dictionary of Briticisms, Americanisms, colloquial phrases, etc., in current use; the grammatical uses of prepositions and prepositions discrim-inated; a list of homonyms and homophonous words; a collec-tion of foreign phrases, and a complete list of abbreviations and contractions used in writing and printing. 512 pages, cloth, $1.00. Or-The above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHINC CO. Or Oakland, Cal 43 Bond St., New York City. USEFUL AND INTERESTING BOOKS FOR BOTH OLD AND NEW SUBSCRIBERS. Š: Š0Š:Š We will send the Signs of the Times one year, with your choice of either one of the following books, post-paid, for $2.00: PROPHETIC LIGHTS, by E. J. WAG-GONER, Prophecies of the Old and New Testaments, interpreted by the Bible and history. Paper bound, 180 pages, handsomely illustrated. HISTORICAL SKETCHES OF FOR-EIGN MISSIONS of Seventh-day Adventists, with maps showing location of churches, etc., 294 pages, paper binding. LIFE AND WORDS OF CHRIST, by C. GEIKIE, D. D. This is a cheap edition, contains over 800 pages, and is bound in cloth. Every library ought to contain these interesting and instructive books. The signs of the 'Rimes is a 16-page weekly religious journal, and will be furnished at the following prices of subscription: Single copy, one year, post-paid, - - - $1.50. In clubs of 10 and over to one address, - - 1.25. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - ($2) 8s. Address SIGNS OF THE TIMES, 12th and Castro Sts., Oakland, Cal. U. S. A. SAMPLE COPIES MAILED  ON APPLICATION  