 "If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for / Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World."  VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, MARCH 15, 1894. NUMBER 11.      American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Bon) S'PREET, NEW  YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CA LVIN P. PULLMAN. ASSOCIATE IWITORS, WILLIAM II. 31C KIM. IT is perhaps expected by the readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL that, in discuss-ing opposition to the papacy in the United States, we should say something in regard to the A. P. A. THIS we are not unwilling to do, both on our own part, and because the A. P. A. has attracted a good deal of attention for some time, and is now being condemned and denounced without measure by prom-inent politicians, by prominent news-papers, and by the Catholic Church. To be condemned by the papacy is in itself an evidence of merit. And as the A. P. A. is unqualifiedly condemned and denounced by the papacy and her " Prot-estant " apologists in the United States, this in itself is a strong suggestion that there is at the very least something about the A. P. A. that is commendable. WHAT, then, is the A. P. A.? and what is it for ? Let it be understood, however, that we are not qualified to speak offi-cially, nor in any other way, as a repre-sentative of the A. P. A., nor as in any way connected with it, but only as an observer. As an observer though, as one who has studied this subject for a longer time than the A. P. A. has been in exist-ence, if we mistake not, and as one who has studied every phase of the subject that has yet appeared, and some phases which have not yet appearedŠas such an observer we may be allowed to express ourselves. THE initials "A. P. A." signify "Amer-ican Protective Association." As we un-derstand it, the object of this association is chiefly, and in brief, to protect the American Government and people from the domination of the papacy, by opposing every kind of union of Church and State. It is therefore necessarily opposed to the encroachments of the papacy upon the  Government through any of her political scheming or aggression. That there is abundant room and great need of some-thing of this kind being done is evident to every person who has watched, in any sort of fair-minded way, the course of public or governmental affairs for the past twenty years or any part thereof, or who will so watch affairs now. This the regular readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL know full well; because all that the SEN-TINEL has ever existed for is to point out these very evils and dangers. And now there are so many of them and they mul-tiply so fast we can hardly describe them all as they pass. Š.0-- THAT such work is proper according to every principle of the Government and Constitution of the United States, is plain to every person who knows the A B C of these principles or of the history of the making of the Constitution and Govern-ment of the United States. The Govern-ment of the United States was established upon the principles of the total separation of the Government from any church or religion and specifically the Christian religion : and this for the express purpose of escaping any establishment of the Catholic Church or religion. Jefferson and Madison, and their fellow-workers for civil and religious liberty, declared that " To judge for ourselves and to engage in the exercise of religion agreeably to the dictates of our own conscience, is an in-alienable right, which, upon the principles on which the gospel was first propagated, and the Reformation from popery carried on, can never be transferred to another." They said that " it is impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of prefer-ence among the various sects that profess the Christian faith, without erecting a claim to infallibility, which would lead us back to the Church of Rome." They opposed all governmental favors to " the Christian religion," because, as they said, " Distant as it may be in its present form, from the Inquisition, it differs from it only in degree. The one is the first step, the other is the last, in the career of in-tolerance." Thus spoke the heroes and patriots who established on this continent the separation of religion and the State as a governmental principle, and who  made the Government of the United States with the principle declared in its Consti-tution. And they did it, as they repeat-edly declared, that the people of the United States might not be led back to Rome, to popery, and to the Inquisition. AND the maintenance of these principles to-day for the same purpose for which they were established is as proper and as honorable as was the establishment of those principles in the beginning. It is as proper and as honorable for men to-day to maintain these principles as it was for Jefferson and Madison to advocate them, and secure their establishment as the principles of the Government, when the Government was made. So far, there-fore, as the object of the' A. P. A. is con-cerned, it is precisely the object which the makers of the Government had in view when they prohibited any connection of the Government with any religion. In the object announced the A. P. A. are in the company of Jefferson, Madison, and their fellow-workers in "the times of '76." This, as to their object, we say. Some of their methods may be wrong. But even though some of their methods be wrong; or even though all their methods be wrong, that cannot prove the object wrong. Whatever the methods, the object is as certainly right as that the principles of the United States Government, as founded by our fathers, are right. OF the political methods of the A. P. A. we know nothing personally. We have seen statements by Catholic papers and their partisans of what these methods are. But if we understand rightly, the methods of the A. P. A. are really known to only the members. And so, not knowing for ourselves these methods, and not being willing to take our information from the avowed enemies of the order, we are pre Ł pared to examine, with perfect impartial-ity, whatever those methods may be sup-posed to be. By the report of the case in the Toledo Court, it appears that the A. P. A.'s of that city, at least, are arming. We gave our view of this matter last week, that it is clearly wrong. It is only following the methods of the papacy, and it cannot win in opposition to the papacy. If this be true of the A. P. A.'s through- 