ir FIE AMERICA.N SENTINEL. denominations, was appointed for the pur-pose of preparing " a book of morals for the public schools." Two of that commit-tee were Drs. Joseph T. Duryea and Ed-ward Everett Hale. The result of the four years' study of the question by this committee was expressed by Dr. Duryea in 1885, in a letter to the chairman of a committee in New York, appointed to consider the same subject. The follow-ing is the material part of that letter :- 32 Union Park, Boston, Dec. 5, 1885. MY DEAR SIR: The committee appointed to con-sider the matter of a book of morals for the public schools, have been trying faithfully to find out what can be done. Difficulties have been met and not overcome. We are trying to evade them. Ł . The desire was for a graded series. This would involve a book worthy to go into the high schools. This could hardly omit reference to the grounds of moral responsibility. The committee have seriously doubted the wisdom of debating the basis of moral choice and action before youth. To show them that apparently good men differ concerning the very foundation of morality, might be harmful before they are developed and informed sufficiently to understand how there can be differences as to the-ories, and yet substantial agreement as to practical morality. I think, now, the tendency is to admit that it is better to address the moral intuitions, and not to theorize about them; also to treat moral matters as they come up in the life of the pupils, and their associations in the school and on the play-ground. But it has been deemed practicable to prepare a book, or a series of books, after the pattern of the " Book of Golden Deeds," prepared for youth. in England. The moral affections and sentiments might be exhibited in expression, and moral principles might. be  embodied in characters, and concretely presented in deeds. An outline including all the virtues, and incidents under each of them, might be selected. Also deeds might be presented involving all the moral rules drawn out of the root principles of morality. This is as far as we have been able to go, with expectation of meeting with general approval, and securing the admission of the book or books. Yours truly, JOSEPH T. DURYEA. This is an interesting letter, and. coming as it does as the result of years of special study on the subject by such men, its statements are of more than common im-portance. First, difficulties have been met and not overcome, and they are difficulties of such a nature as; from the circumstances of the case, to seem insurmountable, because in-stead of battling with them with a real endeavor to overcome them the committee tried to evade them. But upon such. a question, to evade the difficulty is not to escape it, for it is still there and there it remains. This statement simply reveals in a 'more forcible way than is usually done, - the fact that upon the question of the Bible, or religion, or morality, in the public schools, there are difficulties which cannot be overcome with justice to all. Of course we use the word morality as meaning much more than civility. Second, the committee could not insert in a book for the public school any refer-ence to " the grounds of moral responsi-bility," because that is an unsettled ques-tion even among those who were to compile  the book; and because the wisdom of debating before youth the question of what is the basis of moral choice and action, is seriously to be doubted; and, further, because it might be harmful for the youth in school to discover that the very reason why they should choose, and act, a certain way in a given case, was an unsettled question amongst college gradu-ates and doctors of divinity. These reasons certainly ought to be sufficient to put a check upon the efforts of any such committee. They ought also to be sufficient to put a damper upon the zeal of very many who are now so ardently in favor of forcing this question to an issue in the management of the public school. Because when men of mature and trained minds, graduates of the best colleges and the highest universities, and of theologi-cal seminaries, and who, of all men, are most intimately and constantly associated with the consideration of this very ques-tion in all its phases,Š when these can not1  agree upon what is the ground of moral responsibility, or the basis of moral choice and action, it certainly would be per-fect folly to demand that school-children should decide the question. The commit-tee did well to say it might be harmful; the committee might have gone farther and said not only that it might be harm-ful, but that it could not be anything else than harmful. Yet it was not exactly this phase of the question that the committee referred to when it said it might be harmful. It was the fact that the children would discover " that apparently good men differ con-cerning the very foundation of morality," and would thus be led to doubt whether there is any real foundation for morality, and consequently would be landed plumply into skepticism. Of this the committee might well be afraid, because it would be the inevitable result of every attempt of the State to inculcate morality. A. T. J. An Immoral Community. CALIFORNIA iS held up by the Sunday-law advocates as a terrible example of an immoral community, because it has no Sunday law; but we doubt if it is any worse, or even as bad, as some States that have Sunday laws. South Carolina has, we believe, quite a rigid Sunday law; yet, according to the public press, Rev. W. T. Tolson, a Baptist preacher of Co-lumbia, delivered a sermon in that city not long since, in which he attacked the social organizations of the city, and painted Columbia in the blackest colors of immorality. He said the city was in league with Satan, and in his remarks gave many black and disgusting details of the immorality practiced. Ł " The Columbia Club, of which the elite of South Carolina are members, was de-nounced as a low gambling den. He even  denounced the Young Men's Christian Association as being in league with hell for allowing pictures of a traveling com-pany of prostitutes' to be posted on their property. He attacked the city author-ities for allowing gambling hells and dis-orderly houses to exist, and spoke plainly of miscegenation, which, he said, resulted from the muddling of the race problem. " His whole discourse was in this style. He says he can produce proof of his state-ments, and some exciting episodes are ahead." It seems from all this that even a Sun-day law is impotent for good in the ab-sence of wholesome private morals. The Methodists and the Schools. THE following editorial from the Times, of this city, was published last April, at the time when the Methodist Conference was held, to which it refers. The article was selected at the time for reprinting in THE SENTINEL, but has been overlooked until now. The matter, however, has lost none of its value; it is good for all time :Š The action taken on Monday, by the New York Conference of the Methodist Episco-pal Church, upon the subject of the com-mon schools was, perhaps, the most impor-tant work of that body. We look upon it as a grievous mistake. If every church should accept the principles laid down in the report adopted by the Conference with-out a dissenting voice, and if these prin-ciples were applied to the management of the schools., it is to be feared that there would be very little left of the common school systein in this country. It is remarkable that while the framers of the report are doubtless sincerely at-tached to the common schools, and would regard the destruction of them as a great evil, they are taking precisely the course that the avowed enemies of the schools would wish them to adopt. This is one of the unfortunate consequences of the application of a religious or quasi-religious zealotry to secular affairs. . . . The Ro-man Catholics are not at all afraid of the Protestant zealots. If these latter can only impose upon the common schools a Prot-estant curriculum, they will make out the Roman Catholic case that it is oppressive and unjust, and a violation of the consti-tutional safeguard of religious liberty, to force Roman Catholic parents to send their children to such schools or to contribute to maintain them by paying taxes. Of course the Protestant propagandists do not describe the public instruction they wish to see administered as Protestantism. They describe it as. Christianity. But the Roman Catholics also profess to be and call themselves Christians, and everybody knows that a Methodist preacher and a Roman Catholic priest could not possibly 