7A8, ,FNT TN, sentedtouching this subject, and one of the papers read had attempted to treat morality as something.  - quite apart from religion. BUt this Hindu` said of morality: "It has a much deeper meaning. It lies within the spiritual, and the true basis of ethiCs is not Utility; it lies deep in the soul'Of our, souls, just as Jesus the Christ expressed the idea in the sen-tence, 'Love thy neighbor as thyself.' It is the unity of the soul. There lies the solution, the true basis Of ethics." No man ever said a truer thing, whether pagan or Christian. Morals must have a sanction, and that'sanction can be nothing else than the will of God, the divine law. Therefore he who advocates governmental supervision of morals advocates gov-ernmental supervision of religion, because it is impossible to separate the two. Utilitarianism may furnish a sufficient basis for mere civics. It may be sufficient to regulate to a certain extent the daily intercourse of man with man, in business and in political life, upon the basis of utilitarianisni; but there is that in every soul which demands something better, something higher; and that higher thing is that which was defined so aptly by this Hindu. It would be well if Christians could discern as clearly that ethics can not be dissevered from religion nor religion separated from ethics. B. A DOUBTFUL REASON' NE SUNDAY CLOSING. As, to:tibrtecUn Łthc13uffnlo courier o£Ł  `umber 20, itt-ilf.i:iriiskel*.s!Association  of -the Methodist tpis- copal-  ,church ill Buffalo t 06-  g and dr'Senssed the question of SundaTclosiVg.:,0"the Exposition. Rev. W. P. Crafts, with Whiirti the Sunday, closing idea has long been a hobby, was present and addressed the meeting. "After con-siderable discussion," says the conrier," the follom ing memorial was unanimously adopted: " To the Directors of the Pan-American EXpositi(in: " The following resolution has been unanimously adopted by the Methodist ministers of Buffalo and: vicinity: "Whereas, It has always been the American policy to observe the American Sabbath at national and international fairs by entire Sunday, closing when a fair has' been held in' this countrY, and by th-,closiog'of-the American: exhibit in' foreign fairs; WAereas,, Ip ggasiting Aid to the Columbian World's air; theAm.eriCan,"people-  by act of Con7- gress secured through petitions.,,estimated by Sena-tor IlaWley and Cong-resSman Dingley to represent an overwfieliningAria5dr4 of our PeoPle; Congress conditioning the appropriationonSunday cloSing, which shOuld be regarded as, morally bind-ingdn similar' use of the'PeOPle'S.-Ł Piony in aid' of the.Pan-Arnericari:, and " " Whereas, The disregard of that condition the Chicago .directors in the 'Supposed interest Ł of increased i-evenues, they,Confessed, ,;by -reversing their action, caused loss instead, because of the. great number, who refused.,to attendby way of pro7  test against that trampling on an American Christian institution; therefore, be it "'Resolvtfd, In the name of consciencC c cOtjt-mer*:, that we petition and ask all good citizens to join"' us in petitioning the directors not open the kaii-:Amerigan Exposition for any day On any pretekt, lest tnere should result, in spite of -all attemPfed restraints, increased ViOlations of the letter add Spirit of the Sabbath law through the incoming . of Sunday excursions, bringing- Łvast throngs of people, and so, making the day one of toil, traffic; and turmoil." To us this.appears to be very doubtfulreasoning. "Whereas," it says, the opening of the Chicago World's Fair gates on Sunday resulted in a loss to the exposition because the people would not attend, therefore, "Resolved," that the Pan-American Ex.?  position should be closed on Sunday for fear that "vast throngs of people" will come to it on that day, making the day one of "traffic, and turmoil." Such inconsistency. in speech is always associated with insincerity the thing professed. Is there not, back, of this statement by the clergy, another, and more real reason, for their opposition to Sunday: opening? not ,because- Sunday ab, religious day,. and its, exaltation a .,part,. of th,efr, religious calling? Candidly, is not this the true-secret of their attitude in the matter? AN act can no.t.be demoralizing merely ecause it is done' on the first day of the week. Whethq or not such an, act contrary to Christianity  question epen ing for,,its answer upon heifestio 