38 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. icism to alienate it from us by standing al-ways in an attitude of antagonism." And an Episcopalian clergyman of Central New York wrote as follows to Dr. Field:Š " I do want to thank you for what you say about the treatment of Roman Catholics. How vastly better than infidelity is that church, and what a check it is to the same! Surely God is in it." Such an expression from a representative of the Episcopal Church ought not to occasion any surprise, for there are many prominent members of that denomination who are desir- ous that it should be known as the American Catholic Church ; but when so prominent a Presbyterian as Dr. Field comes out in favor of an alliance with Roman Catholicism, it is very significant. And what Dr. Field says is but an echo of the opinions held by Dr. Hitchcock, of the Union Theological Semi- nary, and Drs. Hodge and Patton, of Princeton College, both strongholds of Presbyterianism. From a report in the Congregationalist of April 5, we take the following, which is per-haps even more significant than the state-ments above quoted; it appeared in that pa- per under the heading, "Observance of Holy Week: "Š "Probably :more Congregational Churches than ever before, marked the eventful days of last week, either at their regular services, or with special meetings. "In Lowell, the John Street Church was open every afternoon, and Rev. H. T. Rose gave a brief address, many coming from other churches to listen, and to share in the wor-ship. The churches of Salem united on Good Friday in a communion service at the Crom-bie Street Church, Rev. L. B. Voorhees preach-ing. "A remarkable series of discourses was given in Worcester at the union meetings of the Central Church and St. John Episcopal, each house of worship being alternately used. The preachers were Drs. Merriman, Tucker, Herrick, and Phillips Brooks. These union meetings continuing through Lent, have fos-tered the spirit of unity, and desire for aggres-sive work. "As last year, union services were held in Pittsfield every noon, for half an hour, in the First Church, only one clergyman being in the pulpit, and the exercises consisting of prayer, hymns, a scripture reading covering the incidents of the day, and a few fitting words. The congregation united in the Apos-tles' Creed and the Lord's Prayer. On Good Friday the service, `The Watch on the Cross,' was held at St. Stephen's Church from twelve till three o'clock, being conducted by Rector W. W. Newton. Each of the other evangeli-cal clergymen of the town spoke briefly on one 'of the seven words of the cross. The services have had a meditative and strength-giving character, and the yearly observance of the week is now a settled thing. "The observance was more general than ever in Hartford. The Asylum Hill and South Churches each held daily services at 5 P. M. The Center, Park, and Pearl Street churches held union services for five evenings. At the Fourth Church the annual week-night communion service was held. Dr. Stainer's `Passion Music' was rendered at the Good Friday service in the South Church." These things show a strong and increasing tendency among the professed Protestants to obliterate all seeming differences between them and the Catholic Church, so that there  may be complete " Christian union." Per-haps some may not have thought of the fact, but it is a fact, that this is off from the same piece as National Reform. We have often stated, and wish to emphasize the state-ment, that the AMERICAN SENTINEL is not sim-ply opposing what is known as the National Reform Association, but is uncompromisingly opposed to everything tending toward a union of Church and State, or to a curtailment of civil or religious freedom. We do not believe that the National Reform Association alone could in a hundred-years so influence public sentiment as to secure the ends which it seeks; but that Association is only one of the many agencies at work to destroy all that is distinct-ive about Protestantism. The regular Na-tional Reformers have already committed themselves to union with Roman Catholics, by stating that in a'world's Christian conven-tion many countries could be represented only by Catholics, and that they would have no objection to having the Catholic Bible and Catholic instruction in the public schools where Catholics are in the majority. The Prohibition party in many States is fully committed to laws enforcing , religion; the Women's Christian Temperance . Union has indorsed the work of the National Reform Association; the Catholic Church exists in the foundation of Church and State; and the Protestant churches are courting the Catholic Church. Surely there is need enough for an alarm to be sounded. E. J. W. Not an "Enduring Morality." SOMETHING over two years ago the Presbyte-rian Synod of New York appointed a com-mittee on Religion and Public Education to consider and report upon the following reso- lution "RESOLVED, That the Presbyterian Synod of the State of New York, believing that the lessons of his-tory and the traditions of American liberty forbid the union of Church and State, discriminates between sectarianism and religion, and affirms that so far as public education is concerned, an enduring morality must derive its sanctions, not from policy, nor from social customs, nor from public opinion, but from those fundamental religious truths which are com-mon to all sects, and distinctive of none. "It therefore urges upon its members the impera-tive necessity of opposing the attitude of indifference to religion, which appears both in public-school manuals, and in the educational systems of reform-atories, and at the same time, of using every proper influence to secure the incorporation with the course of State and national instruction, of the following religious truths as a groundwork of national moral-ity, viz.:Š "1. The existence of a personal God. 2. The responsibility of every human being to God. " 3. The deathlessness of the human soul as made in the image of God, after the power of an endless life. "4. The reality of a future spiritual state beyond the grave in which every soul shall give account of itself before God, and shall reap that which it has sown." That is a queer sort of a resolution on re-ligion to be passed by a body of men who pretend to know anything about the religion of Christ. In the four "religious truths" which they set forth as "a groundwork of national  morality," they certainly have made a success of getting those "which are common to all sects. and distinctive of none ; " for there is not one point in the four that is not accepted by nine-tenths of the people on earth. The Unitarian, the Trinitarian, the Jew, the Mohammedan, and the heathen can all ac-cept every point named. As to " the ex-istence of a personal God," whether it be Buddha, or Joss, or Allah, or Jehovah, it is all right: all that is necessary is to assent to the existence of a personal God. And there is no-body that believes in any sort of a god at all who does not believe in man's personal re-sponsibility to him. "The deathlessness of the hunian soul" has been -believed by the great majority of the race, almost ever since Satan told Eve that she should not die. And if a person believes that the soul is deathless, it is not likely to be very hard for him to be-lieve that it is made after the power of an "endless life." The fourth point is already contained in the second and third, and it is difficult to see what they want to gain by re-peating it. But the worst thing about it is that there is not in the whole statement a word or a hint about Christ, no more than if there were no such person in existence. And yet it is proposed by a body of professed Christians, as a statement of "religious truths." More than this, they make the whole thing but a piede of infidelity by resolving that "an en-during morality must derive its sanctions . . . .. from those fundamental religious truths which are common to all sects and distinctive of none." The truth is, a person may believe all four of the points named and yet not have a particle of morality in him. All men have made themselves immoral by transgression of the moral law. And no man can attain to morality except by faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. "An enduring morality " can only be secured by an abiding faith in Jesus Christ. And when these men make "an enduring mo-rality" to derive its sanctions from these fun-daniental religious truths "which are common to all sects, and distinctive of none," they in that set Christ aside and present to men the hope of an enduring morality without him. But such a hope is a spider's web instead of an anchor of the soul. God forbid that such morality shall ever become national. As was to be expected, the report says "The earliest efforts of your committee were directed towards ascertaining the attitude of the Roman Catholics. Archbishop Corrigan, of New York, and Vicar-Generals Quinn and Preston, besides many leading priests and -writers of the Roman Catholic persuasion, were interviewed, with the most satisfactory results." Now just see what that committee counts as a "most satisfactory result." A member of this committee wrote a letter to Archbishop Corrigan, "requesting for publication a dis-tinct statement of the position which the Roman Catholics would be likely to assume." Vicar-General Preston answered the letter as follows :Š "The Most Rev. Archbishop desires me in his name to say in response to your letter 