356 TIDE AMERICAN SENTINEL. ' to the Catholic school or who take the Catholic child and send it to the Method-ist school; or why take anybody's child Ł and send it to the infidel school? We stand on the right of family government. We stand believing that the father and mother have the right to superintend and supervise the education of their children; to select the teacher and select the school; and it is the right of the State, and the duty of the State, to provide the means of educating all the children in the State, but the parents have the right to select the school; and if they don't want to avail themselves of the opportunities that have been afforded by the State, and they want to incur the additional expense, and thous-ands and hundreds of thousands of good people do it every day, and have the right to do itŠlet them send their children to their church schools."ŠFrom Speech of HOT L. Roger Q. Mills. Church Talks and City Tangles. JUST now a very singular phase of public sentiment is to be observed in this metropolitan community [New York City]. Several of the more prominent clergymen are openly engaged in a political move-ment, the object of which is to overturn one of the two great parties bodily and cast it out of power. One makes a speech in a public convention on a prayer-meeting night, which is openly ridiculed by an editor who did not hear it. Another is [was] mentioned as a prominent candidate for the office of mayor and has his "inter-views" like a boss. A third writes a letter in which he represents Divine Providence as throwing its (no "her ") watery arms around this islandŠwhich is really quite good for a BaptistŠand the political news-papers are gibing to their hearts' content. On the other hand the great secular journals are engaged in a determinate onslaught upon the Rev. Dr. C. A. Briggs, as a professor in the Union Theological Seminary, for laxness in doctrine, injury to the interests of the institution on one of the foundations of which he stands, de-parting from the teaching he promised when he was elected, and without moral or legal right to his chair. One of them, in two very plain editorials, calls upon him peremptorily to " abdicate " his po-sition, to resign his charge, and cease his " underhanded course of polishing up his crude unscriptural theories to classes of unsuspecting young men, locked in his class-rooms." Another continues in the same strain, and reaches the cheerful con-clusion that, as the great majority of Pres-byterians have declared themselves in favor of revising their old creed, and some of the most noted and most popular of the Presbyterian pastors in New York and other great towns have thoroughly in-dorsed the moven:tent, the ministers of the denomination " do not know themselves what they believe," and are in the, frame  of mind of " the agnostic who has Łno faith to propagate;" and a third gives as the reason for the reluctance of the clergy to "move against" Professor Briggs, " the dissension that would follow such a step ;" and it adds also that, if a charge of heresy were brought 'against him, "the presby-tery would be the scene of a fierce battle." It becomes a question of interesting con-sideration whether matters would be bet-tered in such a state of things if the ministers would just take on themselves the management of politics, and the editors of the secular journals would as-sume the care of the orthodoxy represented in the Seminary and the pulpits.ŠEvery Thursday. Sunday-Law Contest in Washington. THE emissaries of the American Sabbath Union having been thwarted in their ef-forts to have enacted in Seattle a mu-nicipal ordinance closing barber shops on Sundays, have fallen back upon the State Sunday law to gain their end. That statute is as follows :Š sEcrioN 2,067. It shall be unlawful for any person or persons of this Territory, to open on Sunday for the purposes of trade, or sale of goods, wares or merchandise, any shop, store, or building, or place of business whatever: Provided, That this chapter shall apply to hotels only in so far as -the sales' of intoxicating liquors are concerned, and shall hot apply to drug stores, livery stables, and under-takers. SEC. 2,068. Any person or persons violating the foregoing section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof be fined in any sum not less than twenty-five dollars nor more than one hundred dollars. The history of the movement is told substantially as follows, by a contempo-rary in this city :Š They propose however to make some exceptions in enforcing the law upon barbers. At one of the meetings, after considerable discussion, it was' decided not to interfere ;with the proprietors of barber shops who sh6uld keep their bath open on Sunday. That is to say, they propose to dictate to business men as to who shall and who shall not violate the.  Sunday laws. The possibilities of blackmail in such a scheme are large, and if they are allowed to carry out their programme, their organization, or at least the execu-tive officers, will probably Wax rich. The absurdity of the distinction - is well de:-picted. by the Seattle Morning. JoUrnal. "It seems," it says, " that the carefully balanced moralists .who want to reform things in this neighborhood have made a review of the barbor-shop controversy, and they decree that it will not be wise to make war on such shopS as have .a bath-room annex. These can open on Sunday with perfect propriety, because cleanliness is next to godliness, and -it will never do to crush any agency that will,  put a man in a more moral frame of mind.. To a personage up a tree, hoWever, it looks as if this thing has reduced itself to a ques- tion of anatomy. If a man's piety is to be encouraged on Sunday by a bathŠif he can take :a dip without offending the re-ligious sense of Ł the community, he cer-tainly should have the right to clean his nails, cut his hair, and keep his chin in repair, for all these things contribute to good citizenship and prepare him for communion with his Christian brethren. The right to have the stomach keyed up to concert pitch on Sunday keeps the restaurants sacred from the pious crusade of reformers, but this delicate distinction between the sinful qualities of a bath-tub and a razor is rather too rich for our Liberal blood." The Journal adds : " If this sort of cross-eyed reform is to be the watchword of the hour, the Journal de-sires to say that it would like to see the authority by which these hair-splitting distinctions are drawn. Who gave it ? Where did it come  from ? Does the Con-stitution of the State of Washington vest the power in any clique or faction to declare that a Sunday bath in a public house is a moral institution, while a Sun-day shave in the same shop is an agency of the devil ? Such ridiculous and arbi-trary and fanatical decrees are as much out of place in Seattle to-day as a polar bear in the orange groves of Florida. We believe in law and order, and a decent respect to the honest convictions of every class, but the disposition of some folks to recognize no class as honest and conscien-tious but themselves is a species of slavery which no liberal citizen can indorse." The Washington Secular Union an-nounces its determination to have some-thing to say about this style of enforcing laws. Two sections of the Sunday law read as follows SEC. 2,069. And it shall be the duty of any and all public officers in this Territory, knowing of any violation of this chapter, to make complaint under oath, to the nearest justice of peace from where the offense was committed. SEC. 2,070. Any public officer who shall refuse or willfully neglect to inform against and prosecute offenders against this chapter shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and on conviction shall be punished by a fine of not less than twenty-five dollars nor more than one hundred dollars, and the court before which such officer shall be tried shall  declare the office or appointment held by such officer vacant for the balance of his term.  After a test in the courts as to the con-stitutionality of the Sunday law, if the decision shall be adverse to the Secular Union's claim, the Union will see that the law is impartially enforced, with a view to its repeal. Mr. Reynolds, the Secretary, declares: "Since the best way to insure the repeal of .a bad law is to rigidly enforce itŠlet it be known there can be no more open stores, no more sales by the publishers of newspapers on Sun-day, nor can the necessary work be done on Sunday to get out the Monday morning editionŠno more business of any kind that comes within the scope of this law." The statute (§2,070) provides a means of doing this, for any officer' refusing to in- 