1,1011  114 in,  01 Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yeferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 5, 1891. NUMBER 43. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED VESELY, SY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND Sr., NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, Ł Ł . ALONZO T. Jorms. SWUM EDITORS, C. P. BommeN, W. H. McKim. "SPIRITUAL inferences drawn from wrong data cannot be authoritative. No amount of spiritualizing can atone for the perversion or misapprehension of facts. And not only so, but the actual fact, whenever it is ascertained and measured, is always found to have more moral sig-nificance than the assumed fact." FOR my part, I long ago espoused the cause of religious liberty, not because that cause was popular, but because it was just; and I am not disposed to abandon the principles to which I have been true through my whole life in deference to a passing clamor. The day may come, and may come soon, when those who are now loudest in raising that clamor may again be, as they have formerly been, suppliants for justice. When that day arrives I will try to prevent others from oppressing them, as I now try to prevent them from oppressing others. In the mean time I shall contend against their intolerance with the same spirit with which I may hereafter have to contend for their rights. ŠMacaulay. Ł Ł  IN an editorial on the Sunday question, the Daily Northwestern inquires : "Who is to decide for the whole community what each individual's rest shall consist of ? And is it possible to establish one stand-ard and quality of rest for all men en-gaged in such a multiplicity of avocations ? Would it be natural, right,  or just to in-sist upon exactly the same kind of rest for everybody regardless of nature's demands  or different dispositions and situations and week-day employments of individuals ?" The conclusion reached by the North-western is that "the more the matter is discussed, the more it seems that a single standard can never be adopted or enforced in regard to the one great day of rest which mankind reveres. This is all the more certain when the religious element is taken out of the question. With the religious element in the question, then, according to the principles of our Consti-tution, the civil code has no jurisdiction in the matter." No Religious Basis for Legislation. OF Sunday observance enforced by law, Judge Hammond remarks :Š The fact that religious belief is one of the foun-dations of the custom [of Sunday observance] is no objection to it, as long as the individual is not compelled to observe the religious ceremonies others choose to observe in connection with their rest days. This argument has been made before, by several of the Supreme Courts of the States, but it is as destitute of force as is any other attempt to sustain the Sunday institution. If the argument be legit-imate, there is no religious observance known that could not be enforced by law upon all the people, simply by the observ-ers of the institution securing control of legislation. Certain people believe in and practice a certain religious observance, and have sufficient influence to control legislation, enforcing it in their own be-half. Thus the custom is made a part of the law, and as the laws are made pre-sumably for the public good, it is then but a short and easy step to the position that the laws enforcing such observances are for the public good, and not partic-ularly to favor religion; and that, there-fore, though religious belief be the foun-dation of the custom, and though the ob-servance be in itself religious, this cannot be suffered to be any objection to it, so long as the individual is not compelled to observe other religious ceremonies that have not yet been fixed in thelaw. Yes, this is all very pretty, and it seems always to have been eminently satisfac-tory to those who make the argument, for it is not by any means new or peculiar to this day or generation. It is as old as is the contest for the right of the free exer-cise of religious belief. It is the very po-sition occupied by Rome when the disci-ples of Christ were sent into the world to preach religious freedom to all mankind. Religious observances were enforced by the law. The Christians asserted and maintained the right to dissent from all such observances; in fact, from every one of the religious observances of Rome, and to believe religiously for themselves, though, in so doing, they totally disre-garded the laws, which, on the part of the Roman State, were held to be beneficial to the population. Then it was held that though religious belief was the foundation of the custom, yet this was no objection to it, because it had become a part of the legal system of the government, and was enforced by the State for its own good. But Christianity then refused to recognize any validity in any such argument. When Paganism was supplanted by the Papacy, in the Roman Empire, the same argument was again brought forth to sustain the Papal observances, which were enforced by imperial laws, and through the whole period of Papal su-premacy, Christianity still refused to rec-ognize any validity whatever in the argu-ment. Under the Calvinistic theocracy of Ge-neva, the same argument was again used in behalf of religious oppression. In Eng-land the same argument was used against the Puritans, and other dissenters, in be-half of religious oppression there. In New England, under the Puritan theoc-racy, the same argument was used in be-half of religious oppression, and to justify the Congregationalists, who had control of legislation, in compelling the Baptists and the Quakers, under penalty of ban-ishment, and even of death, to conform to the religious observances of the Congre-gationalists, But through it all, Chris- 