01114)90  '-'111111111i1111111!lliiii,  ¥ Equal and exact justice to all rrierl, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.--Thomas Jeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, MAY 8, 1890. NUMBER 19. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, By THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORE. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER,  ALONZO T. JONES. Ii'ender therefore unto Ccesar the things which are Ccesar's; and unto God the. thin,qs that are God's. o.   THE public school fund is drawn from the whole people, without discrimination or preference, and with no reference whatever to any question as to either religion or the Bible. Therefore the same fund should be used and applied for the benefit of the whole people as it is raised, without discrimination or preference. As the money is raised 'without' reference to those who believe in the Bible or religious instruction, so it should be expended and used. If the money when raised is to be applied according to the dictation and the religious wishes of those who believe in the Bible and religious instruction, then justice demands that it shall be raised by taxation only upon those persons. Justice will never allow religious exercises or re-ligious instruction in the public schools. things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them; for this is the law and the prophets. ONE of the greatest sophistries with which those please themselves who are in favor of religion in the schools is that in which they speak of the reading of the Bible " without note or comment." The truth is that the Bible, precisely as it is, without a single note or .a word of oral comment, may be read in such a way that the mere reading of it will be the strong-est comment that could possibly be made. The public reader of Dickens reads that author without note or comment, but the ,impression made upon those, who hear is deeper 'than all the commentators in  Christendom could make upon those same persons. Edwin Booth reads Shakespeare without- the slightest note or comment, and yet it would be impossible for any commentator to convey the depths of meaning, or to make the strong impres-sions that are made by his mere reading of the plain words of the author. It is so with the Bible. The one who reads the Bible to the pupils in the public schools may do so " without note or com-ment," and yet he may so read what he reads as to make a stronger impression than could be made by any comment that he himself might make. It is hard to believe that those who make such a plea as this in the defense of the reading of the Bible in the public schools, can be sincere. It is equally difficult to understand how those who make -this plea can deceive themselves with such sophistry, even though they may hope to deceive others. It is not Christianity to teach the children "Be virtuous and you shall be happy." It is Christianity only to teach them " on the Lord Tesus Christ and thou shalt be saved." Presbyterian Morality. FOR nearly five years the Presbyterian Synod of New York has appointed at each annual session a standing Committee on Religion and Public Education. The object of appointing the committee is that it shall consider and report upon the fol- lowing resolution:Ñ Resolved, That the Presbyterian Synod of the State of New York, believing that the lessons of history and the traditions of American liberty forbid the union of Church and State, discriminates between sectarianism and religion, and affirms that so far as public education is concerned, an enduring morality must derive its sanctions, not from policy, nor from social. customs, nor from public opinion, but from those fundamental religious truths which are common to all sects, and distinctive of none. It therefore urges upon its members the imper-ative necessity of opposing the attitude of indif-ference to religion, which appears both in public school manuals, and in the educational systems of reformatories, and at the same time, of using every proper influence to secure the incorporation with  the course of State and National instruction, of the following religious truths as a ground of national morality, viz. :- 1. The existence of a personal God. 2. The responsibility of every human being to God. 3. The deathlessness of the human- soul as made in the image of God, after the power of an endless life. 4. The reality of a future spiritual state beyond the grave in which every soul shall give account of itself before God, and shall reap that which it has sown. The committee that is appointed at each annual session considers this matter dur-ing the year and reports at the next an- nual session. In the report of the com-mittee for 1888,¥it says:Ñ The earliest efforts of your committee were di-rected towards ascertaining the attitude of the Roman Catholics. Archbishop Corrigan, of New York, and Vicar-Generals Quinn and Preston, besides many leading priests and writers of .the Roman Catholic persuasion, were interviewed with the most satisfactory results. The result of that interview, which the committee pronounced most satisfactory, was that Vicar-General Preston told the committee that the Roman Catholics " could be satisfied with nothing less than the teaching of their whole faith." The Vicar-General further told the committee that the Protestant denominations, " if they valued their own creeds," ought to feel on this matter as the Catholics do. And further, he said, " The points you propose, while better than none, would not satisfy us, and we think they ought not to s-ttisfY many of the Protestant churches, while the infidels who are now very numerous would certainly reject them." These statements of the Vicar-General to the committee are the substance of the reply to the efforts of the committee to ascertain the attitude of the Roman Cath-olics, and express what the committee called . " the most satisfactory results." And upon this the committee reported that " the position of the Roman Cath-olics, upon the question therefore is well defined." 