726 'PI-1E SENTINEL OF LIEERTY. ish that nation for .its evil deeds and to bring it to an end. Babylon was a great empire: in pride Nebu-chadnezzar ruled over it. He was humbled by the Almighty, and made to eat grass like a beast for seven years. He repented and sought thelord and commanded all of his peOPle to do the same thing. Then his kingdom, flourished: He died, and after-wards Belshazzar, his grandson, came to the throne. He knew the experience that Nebuchadnezzar had passed through. Nevertheless he did wickedly. The figures of national guilt- climbed 'higher ,and higher. And then God brought him and the wicked nation over which he ruled to an end. The empire of the -Medes and Persians followed nekt. In the beginning the rulers inclined-to right-eousness. They sought the Lord and assisted in the promulgation of the knowledge of the true God in the earth. Rulers and'people alike yere temperate and frugal. But ere long things' changed and God brought this nation also to an 'end. Ł The empire of Greece f011owed with Alexander at its head. His career was meteoric. In the course of his travels and conquests it is certain that he had abundant opportunity to learn of God and know of his ways. But these were neglected; his empire was humbled to the dust and the ,Romans succeeded to the first place as a great world power. Of all the ancient nations none had such an' op-portunity to be taught of God as the Romans,. It was during the days of their prowess and power that Jesus Christ was ,born into the' world. They had already conquered the Jews, and wereŠin constant communication and business intercourse with them: The greatest of the apostles preached in the capital city, and the churches of the simple Christians dot-ted the empire from' east to west. Yet Rome per-_ secuted the Christians, and the rugged Germans came and swept the once world-conquerors away. So ithas ever been and will ever be. As nations can not be punished in the wgrld to' come they receive their punishment here. An account is just as surely, kept by the Almighty with a nation as with an in-dividual. And when the figures of crime and trans-gression reach, a certain -limit which God has fixed,  there is no more mercy; disaster,, disgrace, and dis-, integration quiekly follow. P. T. MAGAN. So far as his fellow-men are concerned, every man has a right to do, moral, wrong. SUBJECTION TO THE HIGHER POWERS. PAUL says, "Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God." The words, "higher powers," do not here mean civil powers, but heavenly powers. Heaven is higher-than earth; God's 'law is above all earthly or civil,  laws. Man's first duty is to obey God, that is, the " higher powers." Man should also obey the " pow-ers that be," that is, the-  civil powers, when those powers are in perfect harmony with the " higher powers" that be, the kingdom of Heaven, the gov-ernment of God. The law of God is made for all the universe, arid; every being that obeys this-law is subject to the higher powers. This obedience and Subjection -exists in every inhabited world but ours, and Paul was desirous that it should exist, in this one, therefore the injunction, ‚:‚ Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers." We should ' honor God's law before the highest earthly powers, and when we do so we show that e.,are Subject to the higher powers. We should do this although the powers that be command us, under penalty of death, to do otherwise. , This test will soon be brought to bear upon those professing godliness, as it was,  upon the Hebrew captives when they refused to bow down to a graven image at the command of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon. They were subject to the higher pow-ers, but were not in this instance subject to the powers that be. We may ask, Why did .they not obey the king of Babylon? Why were they not subject to the powers that be? We answer, they disobeyed the king and were not subject to the pow-ers that be, for one reason and for only one; and,  that is, if they had not done 'so they would not have been subject to the higher powers. So the only right thing for them to do was to be not subject to' the powers that be, but at the same time be Subject to the penalty that must follow the violation of the civil statute. This is exactly what they' did, and God signally justified them in their course. -If they had obeyed the king in this instance, they would have disobeyed God. This shows us how far we can be subject to the powers that be. It must be in everything that does not conflict with the higher powers. It is evident that this point is not 'well understood. Why. so? Because we are often asked, Shall we not obey the 