AMERICAN SENTINEL. 31 laid out, its buildings constructed for the most part of pressed brick, pre-senting a most wholesome and pleas-ant picture. It is a city of both the mountain and the plain, crowded close up against the foot-hills of what the pioneer Spaniard termed the San-gre de Cristo, or "Blood of Christ ; " the snow-capped peaks of the ever-lasting mountains rising in grand sublimity supply the view to the south and west of the town; while stretching away to the eastward and northward as far as the eye can reach lies a beautiful undulating plateau, dotted with fertile garden spots and thrifty ranches. The climate in which the Sanitari-um is located is most delightful. The air is bracing, yet warm and balmy; even during the winter months, while the nights are sometimes quite crisp, the days are as delightsome as a day in May or June. Mountain climbing and rides up the beautiful rugged canon at the mouth of which the Sanitarium is located, through scen-ery ever changing and most pictur-esque, afford special advantages by way of pleasure and recreation to those in search of health, or rest from fatigue, mental or physical. Out of the three hundred and sixty-five days of the year during 1895, 340 days were days of almost cloud-less sunshine. The advantage of such weather to those who need out-of-doors life cannot be estimated. The air is heavily charged with ozone and electricity, and has a wonderfully tonic effect upon those whose physi-cal powers are in any way lessened by over work, or disease. Its benefits to those suffering with pulmonary troubles are unexcelled by any other climate.  in the world. It is equally advantageous to those suffering with dyspepsia, and suffer-ers from all chronic disorders. One can reside in the revivifying air of the Rockies but a short time before finding his relish for food materially increased. The enfeebled lungs take on new power and capacity ; the weak and disordered becomes strong and capable of doing its work; the emaciated form puts on new flesh ; the glow of health is seen in the for-mer sallow countenance; and the whole man feels invigorated and re-vived by a new flow of life's electric current. To add to these natural advan-tages, at the Colorado Sanitarium may be found every agency of known value to the medical profession in the treatment of disease. The main building is a four story brick struct ure, one hundred by one Andred and twelve feet, supplied with all modern improvements, heated by steam, lighted by electricity, well ventilated, with-perfect sewerage, elevators, elec- tric call bells, etc. Commodious bath apartments occupy two floors. In these apartments baths of every de-scription, including the electric light  bath, are administered by trained attendants under the direction of skilled physicians. Electrical treatment is adminis-tered in its various forms. A large and well-equipped gymnasium for the development of the physical pow-ers, under the managdment of trained directors, is maintained. In the Laboratory of Hygiene, bac-teriological, chemical, and micro-scopical investigation is carried on. Special advantages, including med-ieated air rooms for the continuous inhalation of medicated air, are af-forded to patients suffering with ca-tarrhal, bronchial, asthmatic, and other lung troubles. Aseptic operating rooms, and surg-ical wards are likewise connected with the institution for those needing sugical treatment. A classified dietary of wholesome and healthfully prepared hygienic foods, with table service equal to the best city hotels, is furnished the guests. The various departments of the in-stitution are in charge of competent physicians, specialists in their lines, men and women who have graduated from Ann Arbor University, and oth-er leading Eastern colleges. The same methods of treatment so long and successfully used in connection with the Battle Creek Sanitarium (Michigan), are employed in this in-stitution. Indeed, some of the spec-ialists so long connected with the parent institution at Battle Creek are now in charge of the work at Boulder. There are many tired, sick, over-worked men and women in the great centers of the East, who need for the winter months a milder climate such as may be found in Colorado, and the bracing, tonic treatments to be had at the Colorado Sanitarium. Many suffering from throat and lung difficulties, and dyspepsia in its vari-ous forms, would find great relief in the bracing air of the Rockies. The nearly one hundred patients now at the Colorado Sanitarium, represent many States, and nearly every form of chronic disease. To all who may -think of availing them-selves Of its advantages, the Colora-do Sanitarium can promise the most courteous attention, and the employ-ment of every means for the recovery of health. For rates and all further informa-tion, address.  W. H. Riley, M. D., Medical Superintendant, Colorado Sanitarium, Boulder, Colorado. Bound Volumes for 1896. WE are binding in book form a limited number of the complete vol-ume* of the SENTINEL for .1896 that we offer to our patrons at the follow-ing prices, postpaid:Š Heavy manilla paper cover, $1..50;  cloth, leather back and corners, 2.50..  Let those who desire to take ad-vantage of this opportunity to secure in convenient form for reference the AMERICAN SENTINELS of 1896, send in their orders at once. A SHORT time ago we published a notice of a Greek-English Lexicon, and we have received so many orders for it, that we have decided to carry it in stock in order to accommodate our patrons by prompt service. It is certainly a good thing. Send for it. See advertisement below. The Cyclone Still Whirls., Be Sure You Don't Miss the Whirl this Winter, For if you do you will miss a chance of a life time to make line wages at a time of the year when nothing else can be accomplished. It will win you friends, and hold its trade as no other article that is now on the market will do. Give it a trial and Your success is certain. See what others say.: Mason, Mich., Oct. 12, 1896. COON BROS.. Battle Creek, Mich. Gentlemen : Wash day has been made easy by the use of the "Cyclone;" have given it a thorough trial. Did a large washing for myself, and assisted a neighbor besides; have washed two very heavy spreads, two quilts, a bed tick, and a few other heavy articles. We get the real worth on these heavy articles more than we can on the common machine. I haven't got to be the last to put my washing out either. Yours truly, MRS. FLORENCE MAY. Agents wanted in every eounty. Address, COON BROTHERS, 18-20 Hanover St., Battle Creek, Mich. (I Greek - English Lexicon TO The New Testament. Revised and Enlarged by THOMAS SHELDON GREEN, M. A. WITH A PREFACE BY H. L. HASTINGS, Editor of the Christian, Boston, Mass.  AND A SUPPLEMENT BY J. H. THAYER, D. D., LITT. D. Professor of New-Testament Criticism and :In-terpretation in the Divinity School of ŠHarvard University.Š Containing additional Words and Forms to be found in one or another of the Greek Texts in current use, especially those of Lachmann, Tisch-endorf, Tregelles, Westcott, and Hort, and the Revisers of 1881. "The best thing of the kind for the money." PAPER BINDING, Postpaid, 35c. Address, Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 BOND ST., NEW Yous CITY, N. Y . 