212 THE IVAZI F:RICAN SENTINEL. with. Mr. Justice Lyon said that the pro-hibition " manifestly refers exclusively to instruction in religious doctrines," and in such doctrines as " are believed by some religious sects and rejected by others." The Court took judicial knowledge of the fact that the King James version of the Bible is not accepted and used by all "religious sects" in Wisconsin, but is accepted by some of these sects and re-jected by others. Hence, as between them, all having the same constitutional rights, the Court held that version to be a " sectarian " book, and the. reading of it in the manner and for the purpose set forth in the complaint to be forbidden by the Constitution of the State. How any other conclusion could have been drawn from the premises, we are not able to see. We presume that there is not a Protestant in Wisconsin who would hesitate a moment on the point, if the book read had been the Douay version of the Bible which is acceptable to Catholics, or the Koran, or the Book of Mormon. The reading of such a book as a part of school exercise, whether for worship or religious instruction, would be offensive to Protestants, and they would have good cause for complaint, just as the reading of the King James version, which is some-times called the Protestant Bible, is offen-sive to Catholics. It should not be for-gotten that, under the Constitution of Wisconsin, Catholics and Protestants have on this subject precisely the same rights, and that neither can claim any precedence over the other. The Constitution of that State makes no distinction between them, and determines no question relating to their differences, or any other religious differences. It deals with all the people simply as citizens, no matter what may be their religious tenets, or whether they have any such tenets. 2. The second point decided is that "the practice of reading the Bible in such schools can receive no sanction, from the fact that pupils are not compelled to re-main in the school while it is being read." On this point we quote, as follows, the language of Mr. Justice Lyon :Š When, as in this case, a small minority of the pupils in the public school is excluded, for any cause, from a stated school exercise, particularly when such cause is apparent hostility to the Bible, which a majority of the pupils have been taught to revere, from that moment the excluded pupil loses caste with his fellows, and is liable to be regarded with aversion, and subjected to reproach and insult. But it is a sufficient refutation of the argument that the practice in question tends to destroy the equality of the pupils which the Constitution seeks to establish and protect, and puts a portion of them at a, serious disadvantage in many ways with re-spect to any others. The plain fact is that not to compel the attendance, upon such reading, 'of the chil-dren of parents who object to it, for the sake of continuing the reading, is a virt-ual confession that the reading has a "sectarian" character, as between those  who desire it and those who object to it. It is merely an attempt to get round what is apparent on the face of the case. 3. The third point decided is that " the reading of the. Bible is an act of worship, as that term is' defined in the Constitution; and hence the tax-payers of any district who are compelled to contribute to the erection and support of common schools, have the right to object to the reading of the Bible, under the Constitution of Wis-consin, Article I, section 18, clause 2, de-claring that no man shall be compelled to . . . erect or support any place of wor- ship." This provision is in what is called the Declaration of Rights." The opin-ion delivered by Mr. Justice Cassoday on this point is, to our understanding, clear and conclusive. Bible-reading in public schools has the form and intention of re-ligious worship; and this being the fact, then to compel the people by taxation to erect and support public schools, in which such reading is a practice, is to compel them by law to erect and support places of worship. The fact that these places are also used for other purposes does not relieve the difficulty. The Constitution expressly declares that the people shall not " be compelled to erect any place " that is used for the purpose of worship. To tax a man to erect and support a pub-lic school, and then to introduce the ele-ment of religious worship into that school, is to,  make a combination which the Con-stitution forbids. 4. The fourth point decided is that, " as the reading of the Bible at stated times in a common school is religious instruction, the money drawn from the State Treasury in support of such school is ' for the benefit of a religious seminary,' within the meaning of the Constitution of Wis-consin, Article 1, section 18, clause 4, prohibiting such an appropriation of the funds of the State." The design of the clause referred to, is to prevent the State from.  using the public funds to defray the expenses of religious instruction; and this design is frustrated just, as really when these funds are used to support common schools in which such instruction is given, as it would be if these funds were used to support "religious societies, or religious or theological seminaries." Mr. Justice Cassoday in his opinion sets forth this point very clearly. We have thus given the pith of the ar-gument on this subject as stated by the three Justices of the Supreme Court of Wisconsin. We see no escape from the conclusion reached, and have no desire to escape it, since we thoroughly believe in. its correctness everywhere. To the argu-ment that " the exclusion of Bible reading from the district schools is derogatory to the value of the Holy Scriptures, a blow to their influence upon the conduct and con-sciences of men, and disastrous to the cause of religion," Mr, Justice 'Lyon thus replied:Š We most emphatically reject these views. The priceless truths of the Bible are best taught to our youth in the church, the Sabbath and the parochial schools, the social religious meetings, and, above all, by parents in the home circle. There these truths may be explained and enforced, the spiritual welfare of the child guarded and protected, and his spiritual nature, directed and cultivated in accord-ance with the dictates of the parental conscience. The Constitution does not interfere with such teaching and culture. The doctrine of the Constitution of Wis-consin, as thus settled by the Supreme Court of that State, is, in our judgment, the true doctrine for every State in the Union. It remits the question of religious instruction, as to what it shall be, as to the agency giving it, and as to the cost thereof, to voluntary, private, and indi-vidual effort, and devotes the public school, created and regulated by law, and supported by a general taxation of the people, exclusively to, secular' education. This principle is in harmony with the nature and structure of our political insti-tutions, and is, moreover, just and equit-able as between religious sects. It favors no one of them and proscribes no one of them; and while it leaves them all free to propagate their religious beliefs in their own way, and at their own expense, it gives to the whole people, at the. cost of the whole, a system of popular education that is certainly, good as far as it goes, and is all that the State can give, without itself becoming a religious propagandist. Catholics and Protestants alike ought to be satisfied with it. There is no other basis on which the school question can be justly settled as between different relig-ious sects.ŠN. Y. Independent. Some Pertinent Questions. WHILE some of the advocates of Sun-day laws are still urging the passage and the enforcement of such laws in the in-terest of religion, others are more wise, even if less honest, and are pleading for a "civil sabbath " for " civil reasons." In a recent discourse in Denver, Rev. W. F. Crafts said : " It is genuine labor .re-form, this six-day law." "There is a general agreement," said he, " that the rest day must be made, by law. When men think that ten hours-out of twenty-four is enough for work, it is incorporated in law, and everybody thinks it all right. Our movement is a six-day one, and on a par with the ten or eight-hour law." But where is the parallel ? No ten or eight-hour law ever made, for-bade men to work more than eight or ten hours; such laws simply forbid employers to require men to work more than eight or ten hours for a day's wages; if the men themselves are willing to work extra time, they may do so. But Sunday laws forbid work upon a certain day; they aim to protect not the employee, but the day. If the real purpose of Sunday legisla-tion is to prevent men from being re-quired to do unnecessary work upon Sun- 