AMERICAN SENTINEL. 189 THE following dispatch which was sent out from Ot-tawa by the Canadian authorities, March 9, should be set over against the claim made in the Pope's latest en-cyclical, that it is a most grievous injustice to the papal church to represent that she interferes in the affairs of the State: "The government has decided to withhold is-suing the writ for an election in Champlain County, Quebec, until Parliament meets, when it will be announced to the House that owing to the attitude of the Roman Catholic bishops it would be impossible to hold a free election. Parliament will be asked to amend the crim-inal code to make it a criminal offense to exercise spiritual intimidation or influence in elections." SPEAKING of the revival work carried on by a prom-inent Brooklyn clergyman at Cooper Union every after-noon, the New York Journal says: "In this work the Rev. Mr. Dixon has adopted the plan of carrying religion into secular places instead of expecting the people to come to church for it, and yesterday he said that it was proposed to hire during the summer every theatre in New York on Sunday nights for preaching, for it had been found that the people would go to a hall or a theatre to hear of religion, but would not go to church. This is a curious indictment of the church." It is little wonder that the cause of Christianity moves so slowly and seems to demand the "help" of leg-islation when affairs are so managed in the churches that the "house of God" is one of the last places the common people can be induced to enter. THE Kansas City Star, of March 10, reports that the Supreme Court of Kansas will soon render a decision on the question of the constitutionality of Bible reading and religious worship in the public schools of that State. The father of a young boy in one of the schools of Barber County has brought suit against the school directors over the expulsion of his boy from school for refusing to take part in the religious exercises with which the school was opened. The case was first carried to the District Court, which granted a writ compelling the board of directors to cancel their decree of expulsion. Now both parties will now contest the matter before the highest State tribunal.  has been putting into cotton and getting poor results from may be found just the soil for potatoes, and B's pasture may make an ideal cornfield. With so much space to cultivate no seed need be put into the wrong soil and, receiving sufficient attention, the yield will be what it should. This is one benefit to result from the partnership. Another is the immense gain of purchasing by wholesale instead of in small quantities, as the farm-mers now buy their supplies not raised at home. The division of labor, too, would have its advantages, for few men are good at all things, and in the `combine' each one would undertake that for which he is best fitted." Of course, there would be in this the same submersion of individuality in the interests of the "combine" that exists in any other trust. All trusts are, from their very nature, destructive of the spirit of independence. At a recent monthly meeting of the Cleveland City Ministers' Union, the subject of Sunday ball playing was considered, and a committee was appointed to wait on the city authorities and demand the enforcement of the law against Sunday desecration. In case the authorities refuse to act in the matter, the ministers of the city will be requested to preach on "Sabbath observance" the fourth Sunday in April. A SETTLEMENT of the Manitoba school controversy seems to have been reached by the action of Archbishop Langevin, who has determined to establish separate' Catholic schools at Catholic expense.  TO OUR PATRONS : 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamp in small unantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN As IF to prove that the "trust" idea is susceptible of universal application, the Memphis Commercial Ap-peal outlines a plan for "farmers' trusts," by which, it says, "farmers would be better able to dictate the prices of their products." Farmers owning land in the same vicinity should, it says, "make a pool of their acres; the amount and quality of land, the stock, implements, etc., will represent the shares each man puts into the firm. Then, having agreed upon each man's position as to work and returns, the lands are carefully examined and such portions as are specially suited for different crops are portioned off for that purpose; thus the land that A Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromis opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State. either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go: ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Assoeiation. ADDRESS, ATIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. Single Copy, it it Per Year, Six months, - Three " - - $1.00. .5o. 