AMERICAN SENTINEL. 229 S overworked, and did not know it until the collapse came suddenly. "When I reached the platform and faced that packed congregation, to whom I was a perfect stranger, brain and heart gave way. I did not faint nor fall, but kept on my feet by leaning against the desk. "After the opening hymn I said something like this : `Dear friends, I cannot speak to you to-night. I am ut-terly prostrated. I cannot think. Why God permitted me to come here and be humiliated before you, I do not know. He knows, and I can trust Him. I will read a few passages from His Word, and you will go on with the meeting. I will read first what God declares about sin, and what he testifies concerning salvation. Let us expect the power of the Holy Spirit to make His Word effective.' "With faltering voice and body trembling with weak-ness, I read these scriptures on sin:Š "Born. 3:9-11. 'What then? are we better than they? No, in no wise: for we have before proved both Jews and Gentiles, that they are all under sin; as it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one: there is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God.' "Rom. 3:19, 20. 'Now we know that what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law: that every mouth ,may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God. Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight : for by the law is the knowledge of sin.' "Gal. 3:10, 11. For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse: for it is written, Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things which are written in the book of the law to do them. But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evi-dent : for, The just shall live by faith.' " The following I read on salvation:Š " Rom. 5:6. For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly.' "Gal. 3:13. 'Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us : for it is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree.' "Isa. 53:4-6. Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows : yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities : the chastisement of our peace was upon him ; and with his stripes we are healed. All we like sheep have gone astray ; we have turned every one to his own way; and the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all.' "Acts 16:30, 31. And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved? And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.' "John 3:16. 'For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.' "I Tim. 1:15. This is a faithful Saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners; of whom I am chief.' "After reading these magnificent texts, I sat down. A deep hush was upon us. I felt enveloped with a strange power which made me insensible to physical weari-ness. My soul rested in God. Jesus was very real and precious. "There were moments of silence while a potent spell held the people. A solemn awe fell upon them which sub-dued every soul. "Then suddenly a piercing scream broke the stillness, while a young lady stood up reaching both hands heaven-ward. 'Some one whispered, Water I' Another cried,  `Fresh air !' but she held them in check with the reply : `No, no. I want Jesus.' "Immediately a groan was heard as a strong man fell prone in the aisle, and then another, and yet another. Possibly one hundred men and women were now weeping, praying, and confessing their sins. "A sweet calm pervaded my whole being; I was not a stranger to such manifestations of the Holy Spirit. And, leaving the people to His oversight, I slipped out by a side door. "While walking over the field to the public road where my carriage awaited me, I heard footsteps behind me-Looking backward, I saw by the light of a full moon an elderly man on my track. He soon overtook me, and after customary salutations I inquired`whether he had been at the meeting, to which he vigorously replied: 'Yes, sir, and I found it good to be there. I can truly say it was a blessed service for me.' "Then followed this conversation :Š " I hope you have peace with God, and that you are a saved man.' " 'Blessed be God, I can indeed say that I have peace , with God through my Lord Jesus Christ. Praise be to His holy name.' " Glory be to His name indeed, for His great love wherewith He loved us. It is cheering to meet with fellow-travelers to the heavenly city. I suppose you have been for many years a child of God.' " For many years it was my hope that I would become one of God's children, but now it is more than a hope. I know whom I have believed, and can look up to-night and say, "Abba, Father."' Here the old man looked to-wards the full-orbed moon, while the tears rolled down his furrowed cheeks. "After a moment of silence he thus soliloquized, ap-parently unconscious of my presence : Yes, yes, bless the good Lord, I know it now ! /know it! I am saved ! To him be all the glory. He led me to trust in himself alone as my Saviour. I cannot deny his finished work. I do believe him when he said, "It is finished." 0, my Jesus .' The venerable man was now overcome with emo-tion. " We stood in silence a few minutes, when he dried his. tears, and with steady voice said: 'I will tell you all, sir. For forty years I have been clerk of the church [Episco-palian] in this parish. I believed Jesus Christ was the only Saviour for guilty sinners, and that he died to save us; yet I supposed that was not sufficient for my salva-tion. I must do something to save myself. I held many discussions with preachers and laymen, always arguing that very sinner must do his part, that he must try to make himself worthy, and have some merit to offer; then he could get some benefit from the Saviour. I had been erecting pillars and props for many years, out of my vir- tues and character, to lift my soul towards God. I read prayers and responses in the church, with, as I thought, a good heart. I harmed no man. I abstained from dis- sipations, and supposed myself to be a more highly moral man than our rector. My motto was, " God helps those who help themselves." During these years I was a Phar- isee; I did not know that Iwas indeed a ruined and guilty man; a poor, deceived, religious sinner, going down to the lake of fire. But it is all clear to me now 0, sir, the words you read to-night out of the blessed Bible convicted me. That message came as a great sledge-hammer, break-ing to pieces my props and pillars of many years' build- 