SAVONAROLA A graphic ac-count of the life and martyrdom of this wonder-ful preacher of Florence; also a sketch of his times. An in-spiring book for young read-ers, and o n e that will be read again and again. Cloth 6Oc.; JOHN OF WYCLIFFE MARTIN LUTHER A most readable story of the life of this greatest reform-er, at home, at the university, as a monk, as a priest, at Rome, at the Diet of Worms, and the closing scenes of his career. Illustrated. Cloth, 6oc. PILGRIM'S PROGRESS Size, 6%x434 inch-es, 495 Pages, 6 il-lustrations. The story of both Chris-tian and his wife. An attractive edi-tion of this immor-tal classic. Price, 4oc. POLITICAL SPEECHES AND DEBATES", le A reproduction of  the principal fj\  speeches a n d de- r bates o f Abraham 15,)  Lincoln during the V years 1854-1861, to jO -gether with those of his political antago- . nist, Stephen A. 0  D o MOUNT OF BLESSING Douglas. A fascin- ating volume of over f An exposition of the The life of this great- C est of "the reformers be- fore the Reformation" is , The first and longest ., one of intense interest, ''', and is here told in such story is that of ten-year- a way as to inspire the e old poverty - stricken reader to cultivate his A,  opportunities and econ- r Jack Harold. His fa- omize his time. 412 ther and mother were t both dead, and his aunt lik would not allow him to V go to school. How his C ambition was aroused, 0 etc. Well illustrated, ID cloth, 6oc. Cloth, 6oc. 550 large pages. Sermon on the Mount. 0 Cloth, $1.75. "It can by no means C be read with profit at at  one sitting, but is a book for time of med-itation, as its title in-t cater." ŠBaptist Union. 41 Ł Contains 209 pages, Ł 18 half-tone engrav- ings, is bound in cloth t at 75c, and half-calf at $1.00. MAKING HOME HAPPY o Ł GOLDEN GRAINS Ł STORY OF REDEMPTION 0 An entertaining story of how an unhappy 0 home was made and kept happy, together ' with the influence it had over other homes. 3 Contains 203 pages; cloth 5oc. LEFT JACK THE CONQUEROR And Other Stories "The Burnt Composition," "The Wanderer's Prayer," The First Lie," "The Tempting Gloves," "Tom's Revenge." Complete set for 25c, postpaid. THOUGHTS FROM THE WITH A TRUST ori, NATIVE LIFE IN INDIA Contains two g o o d V The a u t h o r, Rev. stories, the first being 47) of the struggles of a fa- 0Henry Rice, spent mily, the head of which , eighteen years in India, to baby Phil, "Away  having gone,. according Z and has written Ł a most 'cross the big sea, and C  interesting..  description* perhaps h e' d tumble 2) of the social and reli-out of the ship and det T gious characteristics of tells of the faithful ef- i (4)) the Hindus. The book drowned." The second forts of a boy to sup- C  isillustrated with port his sister and wid-  0 twelve native drawings. owed mother. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. (4))  S AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS 0 '*'Š'---- et LIFE ON THE KONGO A series of A comprehensive his- p a m phlets, () tory of that portion of containing] Africa drained by the 3 20 pages Kongo and its tributar-and 45 beau- i C es, together with nu tiful stories merous missionary inci-for children. c  dents and experiences. Following A The author, Rev. Hol-are some of V man Bentley, writes the titles: C from personal observa- 41 "Joe Ben - twin and gives much ton's Coal interesting information Y a r d. A  concerning this much- "This Hand V talked-of country. Never') Struck Me," tp Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. 0 Ł TWO CANNIBAL o ARCHIPELAGOES O A book well calculated to show forth the love of Christ, and to draw the reader into a closer connection with Him. Contains237 pages, 68 engravings, four of which are A  three-color half-tones. V Cloth, with gilt edges, $1.25. Here John Williams, Rev. G. N. Gordon and wife, J. D. Gordon, and others met death at the hands of the natives. Here dwell the Rubiana people, whose mania is the collection of human heads. Even here, this book informs us,Łthe Gospel has made pro-gress. This is illus-trated by two scenes in one villageŠone as the missionaries found it, the other after its inhab-itants had received Christianity. Cloth, 6oc. Cloth, 6oc. An account of the expeditions sent in search of the North Pole by the United States and England. It is written in narra-tive style and is in-tensely interesting. Its illustrations are o f northern scenes and incidents, and are very good. Cloth, 6oc. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 399 13coc) We Can ReccŁrrinnertcl. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, KANSAS CITY, MO. 39 BoneStreet, New York City. OAKLAND, CAL. 