278 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. amusements as shall be consistent with the rights of others, or if we wish to pursue our regular business we have that right and should be pro-tected in it. Sunday is an excellent social ar-rangement, provided it is not managed entirely by priests, preachers, and church members; in that case it is a mere adjunct to superstition and bigotry. The agitators for Sunday laws seem to lose sight of the fact that minorities have rights as well as majorities, and that there is no safety in society at any time or place, under any system of religious or civil law, when the rights of each individual, no matter how humble nor how much he may dissent from the common public opinion, shall be held less sacred than the rights of the majority. The question of religious belief and observance is a question between a man's oEn conscience and his God, if he has any; and it is a matter the State has no right to interfere with, directly or indirectly. This measure of the Sabbath Union, like its progenitor the Blair bill, is a blow at the liberty and rights guaranteed every citizen of this free republic ; it is a public acknowledgement that their religious system is a failure and cannot keep up with the procession in the march of progress which has marked the latter part of the enlightened nineteenth century; that it cannot stand upon its own merits, but seeks the State's aid to save its cherished myths, superstitions and errors, from decay ; it shows the spirit of intoler-ance and bigotry that for centuries has animated and still animates the church. The world has had enough of religious persecution and intoler-ance. An inquisition such as the leaders of these measures contemplate would be no less ar-bitrary and ferocious through Protestants than were the leaders of the Romish Inquisition ; the system is the same. In the fourth century the same movement of designing priests and politi-cians to unite Church and State by Sunday and similar laws, developed a theocracy; a religious despotism which left a trail of blood down through the Dark Ages. That the church of to-day can no more safely be trusted with political power than it could in the fourth century is best illus-trated by recent utterances of some of its leading representatives in this Sunday-law movement. It is understood that this question of enforcing an observance of the sectarian Sabbath will be submitted for the people's adoption or rejection as a separate article of the Constitution. Thus far the press has been eloquently silent in dis-cussing the merits or demerits of this measure, probably for fear of offending the "very elect." The Eye, however, ,believes in a free and fair discussion. Under its present management its columns have been and will continue to be open to those who may hold different opinions from its editor. "Hear all sides ; hold fast to that whicb is good. The truth will make you free."ŠThe Eye, Snohomish, Washington. IT is not enough to say that " the requirement of one- day of rest in seven is based on the necessi-ties of human nature." Upon which of, these necessities is it based ? Is it based upon those necessities of human nature with which the State can have to do? The requirement of the seventh day's rest is based, not upon the physical, but upon the spiritual necessities of human nature. And with the spiritual part of man, civil government can never of right have anything to do. That pertains solely to God. The Sabbath rest there-fore belongs to God. And Christ commands to render to God, not to civil government, that which is God's, A Sumptuary Measure. THE disposition on the part of many people to favor the objects of the National Reform Asso-ciation and the passage of the National Sunday-Rest bill can be attributed largely to ignorance of interests involved ; but with many others the spirit of selfishness and persecution is very ap-parent. Inconsistencies will crop out. The fol-lowing conversation will illustrate one prominent characteristic of these agitators :Š AŠWill you vote the prohibition ticket this fall? BŠMost emphatically, No! AŠDon't you believe in the prohibition prin-ciple? BŠNo, sir; it is a sumptuary measure; it interferes with the personal rights and liberties of men, and I will heartily oppose all such measures. Besides, this question is purely a moral one, and. should never be interfered with by legislation. In a Ł short time the topic of conversation was changed, and the Sunday-law question came up, as follows:Š AŠWhat do you think of the proposed Sun-day law? BŠIt is the very thing we need. It is high time something emphatic were done to enforce Sabbath observance. AŠWould you votelor such a law? BŠI would support a measure that would sink every steamer, and burn every railroad train that moved on Sunday, and confiscate the property and imprison every man who worked on the Sabbath. The above conversation really took place be-tween the writer and a prominent member of a Protestant church in Easton, Maryland. And with such a spirit they propose to put God in the Constitution and evangelize the United States. S. H. WILLEY. No Sunday Law Needed for Protection. THE Union Signal says: " A W. C. T. U. tent-meeting at South Omaha, Neb., conducted by C. J. Holt, was assailed by a shower of stale eggs, which fell without discrimination upon the just and the unjust, including the ladies. Judg-ment was visited upon the marauders to the ex-tent of a fine of fifty dollars." Certainly these persons deserved punishment for their incivility, that is, for trespassing upon the rights of others. And the fact that they were punished as " ma-rauders" and not as Sabbath-breakers, shows that no Sunday laws are needed to protect people in their right to worship. But we suppose they will keep right on asking for Sunday laws to protect public assemblies just the same. Suppose the above assault to have occurred on Wednesday, and that the only way to bring the " marauders " to justice was by the enforcement of a Sunday law. As every one knows, a Sunday law could not be enforced on Wednesday or any other day but Sunday; A Sunday law is for Sunday and no other day. Hence, if they had to depend on Sunday laws for protection, they might be rotten-egged on every day but Sunday with perfect im-punity. We are stupid enough to think that after they had tried a Sunday law for a month or two to keep off theeggs, they would make up their minds that one every-day law for eggs was worth more than all the Sunday laws in existence. A Sunday law, prohibiting the running of a sa-loon or the throwing of " stale eggs" only one day iu the week, would be a disgrace to any govern.  ment. Such a law would make crime to consist in the time, instead of in the character, of an act. We believe in every-day laws for crime, and we will never consent to any law that exempts crim-inals from punishment six days in the week. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. The Sunday Movement in London. AN energetic attempt is to be made at the half-yearly meeting of the Shareholders of the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway to put a stop to the system of cheap Sunday excur-sion trains. This renewed attack upon the work-ingman's holiday has been carefully organized, and a circular letter has been issued, under the au-spices of the Lord's Day ObserYance Society, call-ing on all zealous Sabbatarians to unite heart and hand in depriving the workingmen of Lon-don of their weekly breath of fresh air. At present they can go to Brighton and back for a very small sum, and none, perhaps, but those who are in some sense workingmen themselves can appreciate the physical benefit which they derive from the excursion. Those who contend that all Sunday traveling which has for its object only health and recreation is Sabbath-breaking, if they are allowed their own way, would condemn thousands of laboring men to pass their entire lives, without a break, in the narrow, crowded streets or festering alleys of our great city. It is needless to say that this is only the spirit of in-tolerance which forbids the opening of museums and picture galleries on Sunday, breaking out in a fresh place, and throwing one more difficulty in the way of those social reformers who wish to see Sunday a day of rest from labor; without being converted into an excuse for intemperance. It does not matter whether public houses are closed or not. Unless the people are provided with other ways of spending their leisure, the old tradition will prevail, and drink will be obtained by some means. It is not found that Sunday closing does really diminish intemperance. But excursion trains unquestionably have that effect; and those who desire to abolish them can only consist of that class of reasoners who prefer the means to the end; and think that so long as a man sits still all day on Sunday, does no work, goes to no place of amusement, does nothing either to cultivate his taste or benefit his health, he is in the right road, though he drinks gin from morning till night, and keeps the Sabbath holy by degrading himself below the brutes. We have no desire to see the English Sunday reformed on the Continental model. We are not advocating any system which converts Sun-day exclusively into a day of pleasure. We are arguing on sanitary grounds; and our contention is that it is quite as meritorious an action to bring a man away from the slums of London on a Sun-day as it is to pull an ox out of the pit. The abuse of any principle does not necessarily con- mm the use. Cheap Sunday trains have their drawbacks, no doubt. They are sometimes at-tended by a certain amount of riot, revelry, and intoxication, which is not appropriate to the day. But the question is whether all these evils would not be multiplied twenty-fold if the people who share in them stayed at home, or spent their money in the public house.ŠLondon Standard. LET religious institutions be sustained by re-ligious means. Let Christian duties be- main-tained by Christian methods. If this be done the State need not be called on to legislate for such ends, or interfere in any way.ŠWestern American. 