SEPTEMBER 17, 1896. A..10ICIE1 I CAN SIETcrr 293 had brought him work before he became a Sabbath-keeper, suddenly dropped off, and even went out of their way to take it to an inferior workman. Others would use abusive and insulting language to him, and to those who still brought him work to do, calling him " sheeny," that is, a Jew. Finally his work dropped off entirely, and he was reduced to want. On visiting him we found him in the great-est distress of mind, considering whether it was best to go on and keep the Sabbath and see his family starve, or to give up the whole thing. But he gained the victory, and though having had but little to eat for several days, and with no prospect before him for the fu-ture he firmly resolved to obey God, let the consequences be what they might. We have talked about persecution in the past, and some have indeed had to go to jail, and to suffer other indignities, but let a man be brought to a place in which he must choose between starvation and obedience to God's commandments, and he will have a test of faith that very few know anything about as yet.  Ł " THE SICK MAN." [New York Journal, September 9, 1896.] IT is almost half a century since Nicholas I. of Russia christened Turkey "the Sick Man" of Europe, and though Nicholas him-self, his successor, and most of his contempor-aries have since died, "the Sick Man" is still holding on to existence. Nevertheless the partition of Turkey seems nearer at hand than at any period before since the memorable conversation of the Czar with Sir G. Hamil-ton Seymour in January 1853. It was at a reception given by the Arch-duchess Helen, at her palace in St. Peters-burg, that Nicholas confided his views with regard to Turkey to the British Minister to Russia. "We have on our hands," said the Emperor, "a sick manŠa very sick man. It will be a great misfortune if one of these days he should slip away from us before the necessary arrangements have been made." Nicholas was much chagrined when the English Minister and the English Govern-ment, after he had repeatedly reiterated this idea that England and Russia should divide "the Sick Man's" property, answered his over-tures by saying that they did not consider it usual to enter into arrangements for the spo-liation of a friendly power, and that England had no desire to succeed to any of the posses-sions of Turkey. It was at about this period that the report of a mysterious clause in the will of Peter the Great, that has since been proved not to be genuine, alarmed the European powers. According to this document, Peter enjoined all succeeding Russian sovereigns never to re-lax in the extension of their territory north-ward on the Baltic and southward on the Black Sea shores, and to encroach as far as possible in the direction of Constantinople and the Indies: " To work out this," the alleged will was supposed to read, "raise wars continuallyŠat one time against Tur-key, at another against Persia; make dock-yards on the Black Sea; by degrees making yourself master of that sea as well as of the Baltic; hasten the decay of Persia and pene-trate the Persian Gulf; establish, if possible, the ancient commerce of the East via Syria, and push on to the Indies, which are the entrepot of the world. Once there you need not fear the gold of England." Although this alleged will has been proved  to be mythical, there is little doubt that the policy of Peter and his great follower, Cath-erine, would have been in thorough harmony with such a project, and that it is still down in Russia's books as a possibility. The possible partition of Turkey revives interest in these half-century-old traditions. PERMISSIBLE TO PLOW ON SUNDAY. [St. Louis Globe-Democrat, Sept. 8.] MOUNT VERNON, ILL., Sept. 7 .Š The Appellate Court of the Fourth Illinois Dis-trict on the 5th inst. handed down a decision in the case of Ross Foll, appellant, vs. The People of the State of Illinois, reversing the judgment of the lower court. The case came up on appeal from the Circuit Court of Rich-land County, and was known as the Seventh-day Adventist case. Ross Foll, the appellant, was a member of the Adventist Church, the creed of which recognizes Saturday instead of Sunday as the Sabbath day. In accord-ance with this belief, members of this church observe the former as the day of rest and labor on Sunday. Foll was charged with disturb-ing the peace and good order of society by plowing corn on Sunday, July 28, 1895, near the public highway, in full view of people going to church and Sunday-school. The opinion of the court was that the evi-dence did not show that the peace and good order of society had been disturbed by the de-fendant. None of the witnesses who testified thought the labor was of such a character as to require them to request defendant to cease. No disorder was occasioned. Defendant con-scientiously believed Saturday and not Sun-day was appropriated by the law of God as a day of rest. In following his religions con-victions he was not intending to disturb the peace and good order of society, and was not aware that he had done so. The court held, however, that if the defendant did by his labor disturb the peace and good order of so-ciety, his religious opinions would not shield him from the penalty; but the evidence went to show that the mere act of plowing corn along the highway, thronged with people going to church, did not of itself constitute a breach of the peace. The opinion was delivered by Justice Green, the entire court concurring. INDIVIDUAL RESPONSIBILITY. [New York Observer, Aug. 20, 1896.] THE tendency of the present age is very markedly in the direction of cooperation of agencies and huge combinations of capital. It is an age of conglomerates. In its own lingo its cry is: "Get together!" Whether it be the legal corporation or the temporary committee, the aim is to combine and con quer. The commercial and social effects of such combination are far-reaching, and impos-sible of complete calculation. The moral aspects of this "condition,"   however, afford quite as interesting a topic for study, though not so often discussed. What has been the effect of combination on conscience and char-acter? How far have " trusts," " pools," "corners," " unions," and the like, affected the notion of individual responsibility? How far has the third personal " they " of a plural and promiscuous aggregation distracted atten-tion from the insistent " thou " of an indi-vidual duty applied directly in the second  person singular? These are important ques-tions. And if we do inquire with respect to the practical effect on character of numbers of these " combines " we discover that many things are as a fact done by corporations that hardly any one individual member of the con-cern would think of doing. The popular impression has therefore not unnaturally come to be that the corporation has "no soul," no conscience, no creed, no charity, or that it can be credited at the most only with the nebulous invention of modern times, a " cor-porate conscience." This notion of the " corporate conscience " is to blame for most of the dishonesty and immorality that is perpetrated by wholesale. So far as the phrase conveys any meaning at all to the venders of it, it seems to imply a kind of a moral composite photograph repre-senting the average ethics of all the parties to the combine. Thus in many a corporation the acute conscience of the highest-minded member of the concern is not allowed to de-cide a policy, nor perhaps is the sordid pref-erence of the meanest man in the organization decisive, but what is generally influential is a middle view lying somewhere between these extremes, so that as a matter of fact the cor-porate conscience becomes the compromise conscience. Others might be disposed to cynically define mercantile morality to be a kind of a diluted or distributed moral sense, on the principle that where ten men who alone among half a hundred have consciences are required to divide up ethically with their corporate fellows, the other two score men will severally fall heir to but the fiftieth of a con-science, even on the most favorable basis of moral communion. But really the term "corporate conscience" is indefinable because it is unthinkable. There is no such thing as a collective con-science. The idea is not biblical and the thing is not actual. It is impossible to "pool" consciences, or to create religious "trusts" which bring dividends of divine favor in spite of individual derelictions in duty. The unit of humanity and the basis of moral measure-ment is the personal soul, and the unit is not lost when added up into the columns of a cor-porate association. Therefore, in our ethics we must get down to the individual man. Whenever evil has been done there is always somebody who did it. When Epitimius, one of the ancients, had killed a horse by throwing a javelin dur-ing the progress of the public games, his father spent a whole day disputing with an-other man as to what might have been the the cause of the horse's death, the javelin, the thrower, or the president of the games! But it is puerile to obscure issues in this way. Such juggling with responsibility will not do. Epitimius killed the horse. This illusion of irresponsibility which comes of action at long range is illustrated not alone in mercantile spheres, but as well in many lines of social, educational and even religions life. When men combine for any purpose the tendency is at once to refer conscience to committees. For what is a committee good for, if it is not to relieve one of one's own duty? God deals with individuals. Conscienceless corporations he keenly analyzes into their constituent moral elements. The Recording Angel never debits a sin to a system or a crime to a company. What he tabulates is personality. Men will not be crowned or anathematized en masse, but individually. Humanity is born, lives, dies, and is judged one by one. It is this sense of responsibility which is 