44 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. more or less, and to say the least, Protestant-ism has little to boast of. On all these ques-tions it is of the highest importance that the Roman Catholic Church and Protestant,  churches should make an alliance. Their joint . efforts would have an influence upon public and private morals such as the world has not yet witnessed. We may agree to differ and debate on all questions of morals where there is discord. But when we are agreed on the vast majority of questions that come before the public it is sheer folly for us to waste our energies in antagonism when co-operation and alliance would be productive of vast good. " We hold, therefore, that the Roman Cath-olics and the Protestants ought not to hesitate to ally themselves for the maintenance and the preparation of those great principles -a Christian doctrine, Christian worship, and Christian morals that they hold in common." We think that no apology is needed for this long quotation. The proposed alliance with Rome, the necessity for which Doctor Briggs reiterates so often, is a noteworthy sign of the times, and we could not ignore it and be true to our name. The Doctor seems to base his plea for an alliance quite largely upon the fact that Protestantism is about as bad as Catholicism. He says above that Protestant-ism has little to boast of over Roman Cathol-icism, in the way of morality, and elsewhere in the same article he says:Š " Why should we complain of the persecu-tions that our ancestors suffered from Rome, when we have to lament that others of our ancestors were merciless to Roman Catholics? Roman Catholic intolerance and bigotry may be matched by Protestant intolerance and bigotry. I doubt whether God looks with any more favor upon these detestable vices in the one than in the other." Now all that we can say about this is, " Pity 'tis, 'tis true." It is, no doubt, a valid reason why Protestantism and Roman Cathol-icism should join, for when Protestantism be-comes as bad as Catholicism, we can see no necessity for maintaining a separate existence. For ourselves we think that there is yet quite a difference between the two bodies; but when a prominent professor in one of the leading theological seminaries in the land can see no difference between the Lord's Supper as cele-brated according to the divine command, and the Roman Catholic mass, and when he in-dorses " all the doctrinal work of the [Catho-lic] Church for fifteen centuries," the point of perfect union cannot be far off. What pi array of names we now have in favor of Protestant union with Catholicism,ŠDoctors Hodge, Hitchcock, Schaff, Patton, Briggs, Field, etc. But who has heard or read of a Catholic priest clamoring for Catholic union with Protestantism ? Nobody. Why not? Would not the Catholic Church be willing to enter into such an alliance as these Protestant Doctors of Divinity propose? Most certainly it would be, but the movement must all be made by the Protestants. The Catholic Church will gladly receive the Protestant churches to her bosom,Šshe will accept their aid in the furtherance of her peculiar schemes, Šbut she can afford to wait till they come of their own accord, for if they make the propos-als, she can dictate the terms. One more thought. What must we con-clude will be the effect of an alliance between Protestantism and Catholicism, when we re-member that one of the strongest pleas for such an alliance isŠnot that Catholicism is as good as ProtestantismŠbut, that Protestant-ism is nearly, if not quite, as bad as Catholi-cism? Those who know anything of Rome's peculiarities, do not need to have an answer given them. Some may say that we are alarmists. In-deed we are; and we think that anyone who sees such danger approaching and does not sound an alarm, deserves to suffer all the ill that may follow. Our only wish is that we might sound the alarm so loud that it would awaken the thousands who seem to be asleep, and who are in danger of being taken in the snare. E. T. W. Ł Congress and Sunday Legislation. WE have before referred to the petitions to Congress which were being circulated by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, ask-ing the National Legislature to pass laws stop-ping Sunday trains, Sunday mails, and Sun-day parades in the army and navy. The following from the Union Signal, of May 3, is the latest information that we have on this subject Ł "The Senate Committee on Education and Labor, Senator Blair chairman, gave a hear-ing to the friends of the Sabbath, on April 6, from ten to twelve. Mrs. J. C. Bateham, our national superintendent of this department, presented the opening paperŠa statement of the legislation asked for by the million and more petitioners, with the reasons thereof, bas-ing these on humanitarian grounds, in behalf of the half million laborers deprived of Sab-bath rest directly or indirectly by Government work, and because the observance of a rest-day is for the best good of the Government, the people, and our free institutions. Rev. W. F. Crafts then gave a forcible and exhaust-ive argument for the Sabbath, which will soon appear in Our Day. Able addresses followed : by Dr. T. A. Fernley, secretary of the Phila-delphia Sabbath Association ; Rev. M. P. Nice, secretary of the Maryland Sabbath Associa-tion ; Rev. Yates Hickey, secretary of the In-ternational Sabbath Association, and Rev. Dr. Elliott, author of "The Abiding Sabbath." The attendance was large, and the attention most courteous. Senator Blair will now draft and present a bill for us." This same question was, in the same way, brought before the United States Senate in 1828-29, and the Senate Committee to whom the subject was referred, made a report, which we herewith reproduce entire. It is of double importance just now, first, because of the soundness of the principles which it enunci-ates, and secondly, as a standard by which to try the position of the United States Senate as now composed. The report will amply repay careful study. We have italicized cer-tain portions, not only sas worthy of special note, but also to render them easier for future reference; because we shall yet have abun-dant occasion to refer to the report. It is as follows:Š CONGRESSIONAL REPORT-TRANSPORTATION OF THE MAIL ON THE SABBATH. "The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the following report and resolution, pre- sented by Mr. Johnson, with which the Sen-ate concurred :Š " The committee to whom were referred the several petitions, on the subject of mails on the Sabbath, or first day of the week, report,Š "That some respite is required from the ordinary vocations of life is an established principle, sanctioned by the usages of all na-tions, whether Christian or pagan. One day in seven has also been determined upon as the proportion of time; and in conformity with the wishes of a great majority of the cit-izens of this country, the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, has been set apart to that object. The principle has re-ceived the sanction of the National Legisla-ture, so far as to admit a suspension of all public business on that day, except in cases of absolute necessity, or of great public util-ity. This principle the committee would not wish to disturb. If kept within its legitimate sphere of action no injury can result from its observance. It should, however, be kept in mind that the proper object of government is to protect all persons in the enjoyment of their re-ligious as well as civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above an-other, or esteem all days alike holy. "We are aware that a variety of sentiment exists among the good citizens of this Nation, on the subject of the Sabbath day; and our Government is designed for the protection of one as much as another. The Jews, who in this country are as free as Christians, and en-titled to the same protection from the laws, derive their obligation to keep the Sabbath day from the fourth commandment of their decalogue, and in conformity with that in-junction pay religious homage to the seventh day of the week, which we call Saturday. One denomination of Christians among us, justly celebrated for their piety, and certainly as good citizens as any other class, agree with the Jews in the moral obligation of the Sab-bath, and observe the same day. There are, also, many Christians among us who derive not their obligation to observe the Sabbath from the decalogue, but regard the Jewish Sabbath as abrogated. .From the example of the apostles of Christ, they have chosen the first day of the week instead of that day set apart in the decalogue, for their religious de-votions. These have generally regarded the observance of the day as a devotional exer-cise, and would not more readily enforce it upon others than they would enforce secret prayer or devout meditations. "Urging the fact that neither their Lord nor his disciples, though often censured by their accusers for a violation of the Sabbath, ever enjoined its observance, they regard it as a subject on which every person should be fully persuaded in his own mind, and not coerce others,  to act upon his persuasion. Many Christians, again, differ from these, professing to derive their obligation to observe the Sab-bath from the fourth commandment of the Jewish decalogue, and bring the example of the apostles, who appear to have held their public meetings for worship on the first day of the week, as authority for so far changing the decalogue as to substitute that day for the seventh. The Jewish Government was a the-ocracy, which enforced religious observances; and though the committee would hope that no portion of the citizens of our country would willingly introduce a system of relig-ious coercion in our civil institutions, the example of other nations should admonish 