214 AMERICAN SENTINEL. In the beginning, the Spirit of God was brooding over the void, "formless mass" (Gen. 1:1,2, R. V. margin); and as he breathed upon it, forth from apparent confusion came forms of life and beauty. Six days he spent in or-ganizing the matter which he had spoken into existence, and each- day was the result of his creative power as well as the things created in that day. In the seventh he stopped, stayed in it all day, and rested; then blessed it and made it holy; and he did it all for man. Gen. 2:3; Mark 2:27. Thus, he created the Łdays and told us to work six days, just as he had done, but in the seventh is the Sabbath of rest, holiness unto the Lord. Ex. 31:15. So the Creator, our blessed Saviour, stands forever in the Sabbath, saying, Come unto me and I will give you rest. It is settled once and always just how the Lord wants us to use our time. Any other way of using time is robbing God and brings the curse upon the user. Not only did the Lord create time but he created everything, and did it in such a way that it might be a pleasure to forever. Rev. 4:11. Everything received form and life by the same blessed Spirit, breathed upon it (Ps. 33:6); so, "The earth is the Lord's, and the full-ness thereof, the world and they that dwell therein" (Ps. 24:1); "The cattle upon a thousand hills" (Ps. 50:10-12); and the gold and silver is his. Haggai 2:8. Abraham, the friend of God, had the correct idea of the Lord's ownership. When the wealth of Sodom was in his hand, though he did not claim so much as a thread of it as his own, he paid Melchizedek tithes of all. Gen. 14:16, 23, 20. Christ is our high priest (Heb. 8:1, 2), after the order of Melchizedek (6:17-20), and he ever liveth to minister for us (7:23-25). Levi received tithes when he ministered in the earthly sanctuary, but there "he receiveth them, of whom it is witnessed that he liveth." V. 8. Of the tithe the Lord has said : "ALL the tithe of the land is holy." Lev. 27:30. If any one will use it for his own service, he must return it with a fifth part added thereto. V. 31. Nothing can be put in the place of it. If any man think to change it, both it and the change is holy. V. 32. By the Creator himself was the seventh day made holy and if man should put all the other six in the place of it, it would not change the fact that the seventh day is God's holy day. So of our wealth; God has said the tithe is for the gospel. "Do ye not know that they which minister about holy things live of the things of the temple? and they which wait at the altar are partakers with the altar?" "Even so bath the Lord ordained that they which preach the gos-pel should live of the gospel." 1 Cor. 9:13, 14. The gospel worker who has no inheritance (Num. 18: 23, 24) is as Christ was in this world (Matt. 8:20), and is a true ambassador, as though God did beseech men by him (2 Cor. 5:18-20). He is to live of the Lord's portion. 0 brother, let us be careful how we use the Lord's holy things. Of old he said of the city of Jericho, "It shall be ut-terly destroyed (Josh. 6); but the silver and the gold, and the vessels of brass and of iron are holiness unto the Lord" (P. 19, margin). Keep yourselves from these things, was the word from Israel's King. But Achan took of the Lord's holy things and hid them among his own stuff. This man thought to save himself and family from possible want and enrich himself by robbing God; but he brought death and eternal ruin, not only upon himself, but his family and all that he had. Joshua 7: 24, 25. The Lord has said: "The seventh day is holy; it is mine;" "The tithe is holy; it is mine." How are we using God's holy things? Are any of us robbing God? Are we under the curse? (Mal. 3:9) If we are, 0 let us come out immediately be-fore the curse shall devour the earth and us too (Isa. 24: 6), and show our faith in God by our works; and then, 0 then, we shall receive the latter rain,Ša blessing poured out. V. 10. Even though we are thieves and robbers, the Lord will pardon if we will come. Blessed be his holy name forever. 1- Ł 4 4 Sunday and Justification by Works. BY C. H. ICEBLAKE. IT has been shown that there are two Sabbaths that are seeking at this time for recognition. One comes to us with nothing but the authority of the Catholic Church; the other comes upon the authority of the Word of God. One having no "Thus saith the Lord" for it, vainly strives to be upheld by human enactments and would force itself upon the consciences of all, whether they believe in it or not; the other having only a "thus saith the Lord" for it, rests upon the eternal power of God, and is content to appeal through the Word of God to the consciences of men. One in the prophecy of Rev. 13:11-17 is called the "mark of the beast" (papacy), the other is called the "Father's name" (Rev. 14:1) or seal of God (Rev. 7:2-4) or "sign" (Ex. 31:13,17; Ezek. 20:12,20). The first one, as has been abundantly shown, is Sunday, the first day of the week; the other with equal clearness has been shown to be the seventh day. Failing to understand what it is for which these two days stand, although, perhaps, disposed to acknowledge the truth of that which has been said of them, many will rashly decide that it nevertheless makes no particular difference whether Sunday or Saturday is kept; but inas-much as Sunday is more universally kept, they decide that it is preferable to keep that day. To decide thus, independently of what the prophecy has told us, is bad enough surely; but when the Lord, in addition to the general teaching of his Word, has through 