1444. uo.s.,..ilds .11—1;filK111,, to—,, NEW YORK, Amu, '7, 1892. 112 THE AMERICAN SEN'TINET, Vol. 7, No. 14. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE SENTINEL cheerfully awards to the Christian Statesman, under its new man-agement, the palm for scurrility. Calling people liars, and swindlers, does not make them so; but it does show an evil mind and an unchristian spirit in the one who does it. THE SENTINEL declines to enter the field to which the Statesman invites it. THE Pope is said to be about to make Archbishop Ireland a Cardinal, in token of approval of the scheme "whereby parochial schools in Minnesota are turned into public schools for certain hours of the day." That which commends this plan to the Catholic heart especially, is, that by means of it the Church school is supported by State funds. The scheme is also in operation to some extent in this State. THE Western Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, so-called, held its second an-nual session in Pittsburg, on the 29 ult. The attendance was not large, being con-fined chiefly to delegates; but the spirit of determination to conquer which per-vaded the convention was ominous of results far beyond, and of a very different character from, the seeming possibilities of only the recent past. One of the edi-tors of this paper was present at the meet-ing, and will make some report of it, and give some of his impressions concerning it, next week. A SENTINEL reader, in Maine, writes I enjoy reading THE SENTINEL very much, and think the arguments in it are good enough to con-vince almost everybody. Nevertheless it must be confessed that this movement to secure religious legislation is gaining ground rapidly in all parts of the world. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union is doing as much in this direction as any other association in the United States. Recently they tried to organize at Shawmut, Maine. They are making their influence felt even in the back-wood villages of this State. A " boss " of a crew of men in the woods, at Dead River, wrote to his employer recently that one of his " tote " teams had been arrested (at the instigation of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union), for getting supplies on Sunday; and he wanted to know what to do about it. His employer's reply was : " Go ahead on Sunday just the same as you have always done." Only think of it, tampering with the lumbermen up in the backwoods of Maine I The movement is indeed widespread and comprehensive. The warning against it should be just as widely disseminated. THE Christian Statesman has discovered what it is pleased to term "a pious fraud, indeed." The following " ad " which has appeared in several of the leading religious papers is that which has excited its ire :Š The Sabbath Outlook ; a 16-page monthly, devoted to Sabbath Reform. Price fifty cents a year. Send for specimen copy, and examine valuable list of premiums. Free to all Reading Rooms. Room 100, Bible House, New York City. " This notice," says the Statesman, " is a clear case of getting money, and space, and readers through false pretenses." The trouble is that the Outlook is a Seventh-day Baptist publication, devoted to the advocacy of the Bible Sabbath, the seventh day of the week, the day, which even the Statesman must admit, is in the Scriptures called " the Sabbath." THE editor of the Statesman knows that Sunday is in the Bible never called "the Sabbath ;" and that it was not by the early Church called by that name; but that for centuries of the Christian era, the term, " the Sabbath " was always and every-where understood to mean the seventh day, the day now commonly called Sat-urday. Then how is it that it is a fraud for Seventh-day Baptists, who are labor-ing to bring all men, or at least all Chris-tians, to again observe the seventh day, to call their work, " Sabbath reform" ? THERE can be but one answer to =the question raised in the preceding para-graph, namely, that the editor of the Statesman has dubbed his efforts to force all men to keep Sunday, "Sabbath re-form," and that for a purpose; and he wants a monopoly of the name. Wonder-ful transformation, that while the Bible always and everywhere calls the seventh day " the Sabbath," it is now a fraud to so use the term ! There is no possible reason why Seventh-day Baptists should abandon the use of the name Sabbath when speaking of the seventh day, or qualify it in any way whatever. The Ł " fraud, indeed," is all in applying that name to the first day of the week. FURTHERMORE, the " ad " referred to says)  " Send for specimen copy." It seeks to gain subscribers only on its merits, and its premiums. Certainly this is legiti-mate; and only an evil mind would dis-cover evil in it. IT is neither necessary nor right for one believing that he has truth to present to do it in a manner that will close people's hearts and ears against it before they even know what it is. The Saviour exhorted his disciples to be wise as serpents and as harmless as doves; and the apostle wrote to certain of his converts that he had caught them with guile. That is he used wisdom in dealing with them; he gave them truth as they were able to bear it; and the principle is recognized and acted  upon by Christians in Christian work everywhere. WHEN Nathan came to David to rebuke him for his sin against T_Triah, he did it by means of a parable which secured the king's attention and brought home to his mind the full force of the principle in-volved. Had he at once said, "David, I am come to rebuke you for a very grave sin, and I warn you not to commit your-self by any expression of opinion until you fully understand all that I am going to say," he would have taken the course which the Statesman seems to think Sev-enth-day observers should pursue; and the course which Mr. Crafts, the editor of the Statesman, does not pursue. As one who is constantly endeavoring to influence men, Mr. Crafts necessarily prepares the way for his conclusions by preparing the minds of his hearers for those conclusions. His " arguments " for Sunday laws are adapted to his audience. Before a congregation of church people, he urges religious " reasons " for Sunday legislation; while before a convention of laboring men, who are probably largely non-professors, he urges his "civil" "reasons." THE method indicated in the preceding paragraph would be legitimate, were all the "arguments" legitimate and consist-ent; but unfortunately they are not. For instance when Mr. Crafts exhibits his oriental saw, saying, as he has many times said, that it " was such a saw that Christ used to lay down at the close of his week's work on Saturday evening," he is perpe-trating upon his audience not a "pious," but an impious fraud, and he knows it. Therefore the present editor of the Chris-tian Statesman is the last man that should talk about pious frauds. The Sabbath Outlook is not guilty of such frauds, while its accuser is. Steamship Sailing Lists. THE undersigned, being a regularly appointed transportation agent, will take pleasure in giving information concerning ships and arranging for a voyage for any one desiring such services. Berths on steamers should be secured as far in advance of date of sailing as possible in order to get the best available position. Write for list of proposed sail-ings, rates of passage, etc. T. A, ICILGoRE. 43 Bond st., NEW YORK. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of Ame' ,..,tions, the preservation of the United States f /0/ r  , as regards religion o 06V Dance sttor, £1.110. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposeVS1  "thing tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Is. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 