702 AMERICAN SENTINEL. he knew of but one thing that would ultimately cure these difficultiesŠthe force of love. We must recognize that all men are our brothers, and have rights and claims equal to our own. He did not think it was neces-sary to get mad at all. What was necessary was that we should become inspired by that spirit of love and sac-rifice for our fellow men shown in the text, "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth on him should not perish but have everlasting life." The mayor was dressed very plainly and spoke in a quiet, unassuming manner. The mayor had said that in politics he was a Repub-lican, but that no one would get that impression if they got next to the Republican m -whine in Toledo. But, nevertheless, he was a William Lloyd GarrisonŠAbra-ham Lincoln Republican, and expected to remain such. Others who spoke mentioned their politics. When Mr. Walter Thomas Mills, of Chicago, arose, he said that as it seemed to be in order he would first state his political faith. He said that he was a Thomas JeffersonŠAndrew JacksonŠWendell PhillipsŠWilliam Lloyd GarrisonŠCharles SumnerŠAbraham LincolnŠdyed-in the-wool Republican, and that therefore hevoted the straight Democratic ticket. He declared that the industrial and economical condition of things was be-coming intolerable; that he wanted to see a system in which when a man died he would be obliged to turn the world loose instead of being able to hold on to his ill-gotten gains, as is done under the present legal system. He wanted the living to have some show. He declared the devil owned the controlling interest in the commerce of this country. He pointed out, as illustrating the suc-cess of the cooperative system, that one or two small colonies near Chicago had gotten some land and prop-erty and used it for the common good of all, and that one of them would soon be able to purchase enough land for another colony, the privileges of which would be free to all those who would enter the arrangementŠ"as free as God had made the land at first," he declared. in the afternoon Dr. Bayard Holmes, of Chicago, spoke from a Socialist's standpoint. It was noticeable, too, that he was dressed very plainly, and spoke ear-nestly and without any of the flourishes and gymnastics that marked some of the speeches. He showed that so-ciety industrially was in a lamentable condition, and laid down some propositions, the practice of which he thought would cure the evils. He said that according to the statistics of Carroll D. Wright, commissioner of labor, -there were not less than four million able-bodied, unem-ployed men in this country to-day, turned out to starve or to prey upon the rest of society. He also made the ,statement that there were more poor ',in the world to-day than ever before. He wanted a system in which there would be no capitalist, in which it would be a crime to attempt to become one; in which there would, be no private property except what each needed for personal use. If a person needed a tooth brush he could have it,  if he did not need it, he would not have it. He said that all men were equal and that they should all receive equal remuneration for their workŠnamely, what they needed. He had scarcely finished before several were on their feet ready to attack his propositions. Before recognizing anyone the mayor asked if anyone present had ever stopped to think that when the Lord told Adam to eat bread in the sweat of his face, that there was no employer to whom he could sell his labor, no boss to whom he could go for a job. He said that he was in hopes that that condition of affairs would become more general nowadays. Doctor Burrell, the general president, first obtained the floor. With more than his usual warmth he declared that this socialistic conception of society was exactly the condition he had found on the reservation of the Sioux Indians in Minnesota a few years ago. There everything was held in common, they were on a dead level; there they had no private property, not even tooth brushes. As nearly as he could tell this condition of so-ciety was nothing more nor less than original and unre-generate barbarism. He declared that he took direct and unequivocal issue with the statement that there were more poor in the world to-day than ever before. The condition of the Roman world at the birth of Christ was infinitely worse. In the age of the Casars there were ten thousand knights who owned ill the wealth and prop-erty, and there were millions and millions of slaves in the most degraded condition, sleeping.without shelter, mur-dering each other for the amusement of their masters, and having not the semblance of a right before the law. It was a shame to say that since the introduction of Christianity into the world that any such condition has ever been repeated or approached in any degree. He exclaimed, turning to Dr. Holmes, "If I should see stretched before me in rags the shivering, wasted, and starving bodies of those four million unemployed, even then, sir, with that exhibition, I would never admit but that the condition of this country was ten thousand times better than was Rome in the age of the Caesars." "Why is it," he exclaimed, "that we can assemble here and discuss. these matters? Is it because we are all slaves? Is that the cause of our lamentations and dis-may at the sight of three or four million ragged and starving people? Do we assemble here in this city and discuss these matters because there are here 19,950 slaves and the rest tyrants? May such slavery continue!" (Concluded next week.) "IF parents would do for their children what God in in his Word has commanded them to do,Šteach them his law when they go out and when they come in, and bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord,Šwe would hear no more of this dethand that the state must teach religion. And which should ministers do, teach parents to -do their duty, or demand that the state shall do something ti at is not its duty?" 