MARCH 1; 1804. Altdrinit CAN SITTkitrnym',. found it so necessary to disguise their real aims. Here they quite unceremoniously insist upon the enforcement of Sunday laws in the interests of the churches. For instance, a deputation from the Vic-torian Lord's Day Observance Society waited on the Premier of Victoria, Jan. 4, 1894, to protest against the running of Sunday excursion trains. Statements made by two members of the deputation will illustrate what has just been said:Š MR. DArry.ŠThe direct effect of the running of the trains to Fern Tree Gulley and other places must be to take people away from the churches. MR. PATTERSON, THE PREMIER. ŠThe movement has been described as a new departure. It is not a new departure. Sunday trains have been running for a long time, and for the ostensible purpose of taking people to church. DR. ROBINSON. ŠBut these train are being run for the purpose of taking people away from church. They are purely for the people's pleasure.ŠMelbourne Her-ald, Jan. 4, 1894. The following item which appeared in the Melbourne Evening Standard of Jan. 5, 1894, still farther shows the growing tendency and even more open efforts to compel the people to attend Church ser-vices :Š The members of one of the Homestead Associations formed some weeks ago would go a step further than the Lord's Day Observance Society desired the premier to proceed yesterday. The latter desired that Sunday trains to Fern Tree Gully and Healesville should be discontinued in order that people would not be tempted away from divine worship ; but the Homestead Asso-ciation decided that the minister should compel an irreligious member to go to church, or in the alterna-tive, to expel him from the settlement. Mr. M'Intyre repeats what the premier saidŠthat the government represents all classes, those who do not go to church and those who do, and while he would like all settlers to be model Christians, he can discover nothing in the statutes empowering him to penalize the delinquent for the sins of omission alleged against him ? His ministerial duties were confined to mundane affairs. W. A. OOLCORD. Melbourne, Australia. Ł -9 .  "Christian Unity"--A Sign of the Times. THERE is another object for which the Churchman's Club has been organized and is working to secure, viz.: a more rigid enforcement of Sunday laws, and it is well stated in their own resolution, reported in the Daily Evening Standard, of Dec. 7, 1893 :Š AGAINST SUNDAY DESECRATION. At a recent meeting of clergymen and others at St. John's House a committee of five was appointed to con-sider the matter of a better enforcement of the laws against the desecration of the Sabbath [Sunday]. In this contest for a better enforcement of laws against the desecration of the Sun-day Sabbath, the Churchman's Club sees the need of unity on the part of Protes-tants with Catholics in .order ?hat they may secure power to carry their point and enforce Sunday keeping upon the people, which is the mark of the papacy. This the Catholic Church has always laid claim to. Q. What are the days which the church commands to be kept holy, or observed as days of particular de-votion ? A. The Sunday, or Lord's day, which we observe, by apostolic tradition, instead of the Sabbath. . . . Q. What warrant have you for keeping the Sunday preferable to the ancient Sabbath, which was Saturday ? A. We have for it the authority of the Catholic Church and apostolic tradition. Q. Does the Scripture anywhere command the Sun-day to be kept for the Sabbath ? A. The Scripture commands us to hear the church, . . . the best authority we have for this ancient custom, is the testimony of the church. And there-fore, those who pretend to be such religious observers of Sunday, whilst they take no notice of other fes-tivals ordained by the same church authority, show that they act more by humor than by reason and re-—ligion ; since Sundays and holy days all stand upon the  same foundation, viz.: "the ordinance of the church.ﬂ ŠCatholic Christian Instructed, pages 231 and 232. The Catholic Church here claims Sunday keeping to be of its own origin solely, that it is " the ordinance of the church; " and that others who keep that day act more by humor than by reason and reli-gion. A Catholic priest, Father Enright by name, has often made this statement :Š The observance of Sunday is solely a law of the Catholic Church, and therefore not binding upon others. The church changed the Sabbath to Sunday, and all the world bows down and worships on that day, in silent obedience to the mandates of the Cath-olic Church. Is not this a living miracleŠthat those who hate us so bitterly obey and acknowledge our power every week, and do not know it ? Here they make their boast to have changed the Sabbath to Sunday, and then accuse " all the world " of bowing down and worshiping on " that day in silent obedience to the mandates of the Catholic Church." And then claim that "obedi-ence " to the church's authority to be "a living miracle." Moreover, that those " who hate " her so " bitterly " do "obey and acknowledge" her "power every week." Are not these words plain and to the point that Sunday keeping is the mark of the church's power ? And now, while Protestant churches are corn-' billing with her to get her help so as to enforce Sunday observance upon the peo-ple, are they not seeking to have her mark placed upon those who receive and keep Sunday ? Certainly this must be plain to every one, for if the church has power to change the Sabbath and institute one of its own instead, then it is that the church claims power above the power of God. This is just what the Bible has said the papacy would think itself able to do, "and think to change times and laws." Dan. 7 : 25. " Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he as God sit-teth in the temple of God, showing him-self that he is God." 2 Thess. 2: 4. And now the Catholic Mirror of Baltimore, Md., comes out with her claim to Sun-day asŠ " THE CHRISTIAN SABBATH " " The Genuine Offspring of the Union of the Holy Spirit and the Catholic Church, His Spouse. The Claims of Protestantism to any Part therein Proved to be Ground-less, Self-contradictory, and Suicidal." Surely this is claiming Sunday to be the mark of her power ? And isn't it ? Can any one deny it ?ŠNo, not one. Then those who keep it, instead of the Sabbath of the Lord, are to that degree at least worshiping the beast and receiving his mark, and especially so if they know it. This being the case, a demand is made necessary for the Third Angel's Message, which says, " If any man"Šthis speaks to every separate individualŠ" worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God." Rev. 14:9, 10. Then there must of necessity be a people giving that message at this time, and John says of them, " Here is the patience of the saints; here are they that keep the com-mandments of God and the faith of Jesus Ł "Šnot the faith of the Catholic Church in any respect. " And I looked, and, behold, a white cloud, and upon the cloud one sat like unto the Son of man, having on his head a golden crown, anil in his hand a sharp sickle." Rev. 14 : 12, 14. From these scriptures we see that  this warning against the " beast and his image" is given just before the Son of man comes, and the people who give it "keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus" as a necessary preparation to meet their Lord, Reader, are you thus prepared ? If not, make haste and give yourself unreservedly to God that he may " work in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure." There are a few more points of interest in Bishop Keane's address before the Churchman's Club. He says, " A few weeks ago I was sent to Chicago to that wonderful unique gathering of ecclesias-tics. I came in contact with all shades of beliefs. These Orientals despise us for our lack of unity. ' Why,' they say, will you please decide among yourselves what the Christian Church is before you come to us ?' " So the Catholic Church pleads with her wayward daughters to come back into her fold that they may go forth as one united body to convert the heathen world; and this plea is made at the request of the so-called Protestant Church "who desire to know the true way to Christian unity." Is it any wonder that a Catholic bishop should make such a plea as this to these"wayward daughters" .when they have for years been crying for Christian unity among themselves that their " utterances would be respected by statesmen of all nations " ? And they have so far succeeded that they have a combina-tion of nearly all the Protestant churches by means of the National Reform Associ-ation, the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, Third Party Prohibition, and the American Sabbath Union, with various other Christian associations and organiza-tions together, reaching their hands across the gulf to grasp hands with Catholicism, saying, " Whenever they [the Roman Catholics] are willing to cooperate, . . . we will gladly join hands with them."ŠChristian Statesman, December 11, 1884. " Now, then," says the bishop, " what is the attitude of the Catholic Church to-ward those separated from it ? " Let him tell usŠ" First is the question of truth; the Catholic Church recognizes that in all forms of religion in the earth there is some measure of truth." So she claims all false systems of reli-gion as well as the Christian religion to possess some measure of her truth. "But she objects to the offering of a portion of the truth for the whole." Thus she has her eye fixed upon one "universal creed " whose headship shall be in the pope. And they are bold to speak out their designs as they see Protestants turning back to Rome for "unity." "For," says the bishop, " when the time comes for union these other churches will not find the mother church backward in coming into unity with them. She would rather make a bonfire of all that is human and obstruct-ing, and in the Church of Christ find that perfect unity and harmony God intended." How does she propose to bring about this unity when the time comes ?ŠOh, by sim-ply making a bonfire of all that is human and obstructing; and she will tell what is human and obstructing and set the fire to burn it up. Is not this just what she did throughout the Dark Ages ? and has she changed her mind or attitude in the least? ŠNo ; she is only waiting for the time when she can dictate to all in matters of reli-gion ; then it will be seen that she never changes. Reader, do you not see that the so-called Protestants are going back to Rome when 