666 THE SENTINEL or LIBERTY. The climax of tragic, inconsistency is achieved when it is seriously asserted that the American forces should not leave China until assurance is given that the converts of American missionaries shall be pro-' tected. In this case the flag not only steals a march on the cross, but practically captures it. " Blood of the martyrs," indeed! A Chinaman converted byan American becomes in some sense an AmericanŠan American by breVet,! And the " flag" must cover him ! A short and easy way of laying heroic foun-dations for the future church in China. Ainerica occupies a pOint of great vantage. Church and state are'here' so Ł clearly separated that it should be easy for American Christians to clear their minds of the fatal confusion between the spiri-tual principle and the secular arm. It should be easy for us to see ,that we can better afford to lose many millions of missionary property and many thousands' -of missionary lives than to take a single step which Shall lead' the people of China to mix up the idea of 'force with "Christianity, to confound Csar with Christ. WASHINGTON'S REBUKE TO A PREACHER. AN interesting incident is related by Rev. J. B. Wakley in his . work entitled "Anecdotes of the Wesleys," which contains a rebuke-to every Meth-odist preacher or any other who has and is becom-ing absorbed in politics (Christian citizenship move-ments). It reads, as follows: " Martin Rodda was an English' preacher in America during the war, and by incautiously med-dling with politics exposed himself to the displeas-ure of those in power. :At a certain time he was brought before General Washington, who asked who he was. 'Rodda told him he was One of John Wes-ley's preachers. Mr. Wesley,' rejoined his excel-lency,' I respect; but Mr.Wesley, I presume, never sent you to America to interfere with political matters, but to preach the gospel to the people. Now go and mind your "Own proper work and leave politics " The rebuke given., in the foregoing by General Washington should° be prized not only beCause was administered by him, but because it accords with the life and teachings of the Author of the gospel, for when asked,on a certain occasion to occupy the plaee of a judge in dividing an inheritance between two brothers, he quickly-replied: " Who made ine a judge-or a divider over you? On another occasion,  when he was going to be taken' by force and made a king, " He departed again into a mountain himself alone." These incidents in the life of Christ' stand'  as everlasting rebukes to' any minister 'of the gospel who would leave his sacred calling and engage in politics. The charge that the great apostle to the Gentiles gave to Timothy as he was embarking in the gospel ministry is another rebuke along the same line: Said the apostle: " No man that warreth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life, that he may please him who bath chosen him to be a soldier." May the rebuke of the father of our country, which is in harmony with these examples that have been *referred to, not go unheeded. "GO AND MIND . FOUR OWN PROPER WORK AND LEAVE POLITICS ALONE." K. C. RUSSELL. Mr. Edward Atkinson, editor-of the Anti-Imperial-ist, has issued a final number of his paper, in which he expresses the opinion that the fight against im-perialism is already won. Mr. Atkinson does not base his conclusion upon a conviction that Mr. Mc- ' Kinley will be defeated for re-election, but upon these' assumed facts: " 1. The recognition of the fact that the con-science of the country has been stirred and will not permit warfare upon the people of the Philippine Islands to be continued. "2, The physical condition of the army, now in the Philippine Islands forbids a third campaign, even if the greater part of these troops were not soon en-titled to be brought home and discharged. " 3. The present law does not permit new enlist-ments in excess of an army of about 28,00o menŠno army bill can probably be paSsed before March 4. If such an act could be passed, no drilled force could be, organized to take the place of, the troops now in the East before their return, and, finally, even if the law should pPrmit enlistments, the ghastly condi-, tions of service in the Philippines are now so well known as to prevent the enlistment of few, but dead beats or degenerates." The Springfield Republican takes issue with this view of the case, and think that imperialism will con-tinue, which it doubtless will. The Word of God fortells that this nation is to go in the way of Rome, and it is now well started on that road. There will be.no turning back. .4  .4 THE only representative or substitute that any one can have in,religion is the Lord Jesus Christ. 