Equal and 6,xact Justice to all Hen, or Whatever State or Persuasion, leligious or Political.ŠThomas Jefferson,. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, APRIL 21, 1892. NUMBER 16. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, DY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. THE Washington correspondent of the Examiner (Baptist), takes occasion, in noticing the late hearing on the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, to say, " On a former occasion, when the Sunday -ob-servance law was before our Commisioners and urged by many of our local pastors, the strongest kind of a protest against such legislation was made by men styling themselves Baptists." Š0Š And why should not Baptists protest against all such legislation ? Why should a people who have for centuries resisted even to the death every encroachment of the civil power upon the domain of con-science, now that they have become powerful and popular, depart from their ancient principles and yield their con-sciences into the hands of the Govern-ment ? Why should they now acknowl-edge that which for centuries they have denied, namely, that the civil power has aright to require of them any measure of religious observance whatever ? Š0--- IN their early history Baptists were persecuted on precisely the same grounds that seventh-day observers are now pun-ished for refusing obedience to Sunday laws. Pedobaptist practices were in-trenched in the civil laws, and it was not only heresy to practice otherwise but it was held to be destructive of social order as well, and so, not to be tolerated. The Baptists of those days were "anarchists" and "rebels" just as are those who now refuse to bow to the Sunday laws, which some Baptists advocate, and even help to make. AT the late Pittsburg Sunday Conven-tion a good deal of capital was attempted to be made out of a statement that the so-called " Blue Laws " of Connecticut never had any existence except in the im-agination of a " renegade preacher," who being forced to leave the Colony returned to England, and there wrote a caricature of the colonial laws, styling them " Blue Laws." There is probably some truth in this statement; yet it does not alter the case materially-. THE significant phrase, " Blue Laws," like- " siren song," and other expres-sions derived from mythology, stands, not for an historical fact, but for an idea. And so far as the moral is concerned, it would make no difference if Connecticut, as well as the laws said to have governed it, were mythical. The term, " Blue Laws," stands for ultra paternalism in government, for unwarranted interference with personal liberty, and for laws having a Church and State cast of countenance; and hateful as the expression may be to the whole Sunday-law fraternity, they can not break its force by explaining that the story of the Blue Laws was overdrawn. Š0Š THE term, " Blue Laws," is very prop-erly applied to statutes which interfere with the rights of conscience, and with legitimate personal liberty, whether in matters of conscience or not. All coun-tries formerly had many such laws, and the American Colonies were no exception. The Colony of New Haven adopted the Scriptures as their code of law and gov-ernment, and this was the basis of the " Blue Laws." When we come to con-sider the numerous regulations and re-strictions which grew up among the Jews under a similar system, it is not strange that New Haven soon had interpretations and decisions regulating the most com-monplace affairs of every day life. WHETHER men were actually forbidden by the "Blue Laws" to kiss their wives on Sunday or not, does not affect the princi- ple. Possibly they never had even in New Haven any regulation so silly as that, but they certainly had many just as unwarranted. They did banish Quakers under pain of death; they did forbid run-ning or walking on. Sunday except rever-ently to and from meeting; they did forbid the use of the Book of Common Prayer; they did prohibit hair cutting and shaving on Sunday; they did make church mem-ber4hip prerequisite to residence in the Colony; they did forbid the giving of food or lodging to a Quaker or other heretic; and these things were even more wicked, though as before intimated, less silly, than any of the fabled "Blue Laws" of which we have ever heard. THE National Reformers may well wish to divert attention from their principles to a discussion of unimportant facts; but as shown in the preceding notes, in this case the facts do not affect the principle. The idea of extreme paternalism is ex-pressed in the term, " Blue Laws; " and it is likewise inseparable from National Reform and Sunday-law theories. The Sunday-law forces may pooh-pooh " Blue Laws," but they can not escape from the fact that they are wedded to the principles so aptly caricatured by the " Blue Laws of Connecticut." Š0Š THE Christian Inquirer, a local Baptist paper, published in this city, says : " The time has come when it must be affirmed that no public moneys can be used for sectarian purposes." But why does the Inquirer use the term, "sectarian," rather than the word, " religious " ? Would it be willing to see public money used in the promulgation of what is popularly known as, "unsectarian religious instruction " ?ŠIt certainly looks that way. But does it not know that from the standpoint of Roman Catholics and Jews, this so-called " unsectarian " religious instruction is most intensely sectarian ? It is all well enough to denounce the efforts of Roman-ists to secure a share of the public funds to pay for teaching Romanism, but they 