258 THE AIVIER.ICA.N SENTINEL. And how important is it not, to have men of this class, in, positions of trust, for what greater blessing can a commuffity enjoy than an incor-ruptible judiciary.-7--an enlightened and unpur-chasable legislature, and faithful, conscientious civil authorites. I will not insist for a moment on the inculcation of so elementary a truth, for it must be clear to the min& of all. But the work that this institution has cut out for itself does not stop even here. It has a still higher and nobler mission to accomplish, that is to prepare for eternity those of our faith who will be intrusted to its careŠto prepare for the attainment of that noble and m ignificent des-tiny for which God called us all into existence those Catholic youths who shall enter under its roof. This is the 'special, the principal, object for which this college has been erected. And this _ now leads us very naturally to inquire how far a Christian combined with a secular education, is superior to a merely secular one. As you are aware there are two contradictory opinions enter-tained by the people of this country hereon. The one advocates and insists on the exclusion of all ethical principles from the region of the school-room, while the other equally as strongly calls for and demands their introduction. The upholders of the former, unfortunately for us, as well as for those who share our convictions, beingentirely in the majority, and having the power in their hands enforce without scruple or regard for the interests of the minority, their ideas and will in this mat-ter. Now, this seems to me to be a very illiberal, not to say illogical, position for any party in the community to assume. It is illiberal and unfair, because it forces a system of instruction on the unwilling acceptance of millions, regardless of their rights and interests, and it is illogical and inconsistent inasmuch as it is in conflict with the history, the traditions, and profession of this country as a Christian Nation. [This is not a Christian Nation. It is a civil Nation. There never was a Christian nation, and there never will be while this world lasts. Christ said the wheat and the tares, the good and the bad, should grow together until the harveetŠthat is, the end of the worldŠand bad men are not Christians. The, tares_arethe children of the wicked one.] If the advocates of the present system of pub-lic instruction in this country were to abjure the Christian religionŠif they were to proclaim themselves to the world as unbelievers in Chris-tian teaching, their position would be consistent and intelligible. But as long as they bear the Christian name, as long as they are pleased to be known asthe follow ers of the Redeemer of mankind, I see nothing but inconsistency and contradictions in their efforts to prevent the youth of the Nation being educated in a Christian -way. The present system of non-Christian education, now prevail-ing in this land might be and doubtless would be admirably adapted as far as principles -are con-cerned, for a non-Christian country. [A non-Christian country is just what this is. Therefore by Mr. Gleeson's own words it is proved that the present system is admirably adapted for this country.] It would be quite in place as far as Chris-tian teaching is concerned, in the dominions of his royal majesty, the Sultan of Turkey, or in those of his.royal brother, the Shah of Persia. But for this country which is Christian in religion, Christian in traditions, Christian in government and sentiment, the present system is simply an anachronism. It is out of time and place. Do those who uphold it really wish that this country should remain what it is, a believing,  nation? [A. believing nation indeed I when not one in a half-dozen is an actual believer in Jesus Christr] If they do, then let them explain the para-dox of wishing a country to believe without teaching it to believe. Of course I know the puerile answer that many would readily return to this. It would be the old stereotyped one, that religion is for the church and not for the schools, and that a nation can be Christian with-out being taught to believe in connection with secular instruction. Unfortunately for those who advance this reason it has to be acknowledged that one-half of this country never enter an ec-clesiastical edifice of any denomination whatever. [If it be so that one-half the people of this coun-try never enter an ecclesiastical edifice, then, at the very best, how can this be more than.one-half of a Christian Nation ?J How, then, I ask are-the youth of the-country to be made Christian. [If it is a Christian country already, then why do the youth need to be made Christian? Do Chris- tians need to be made Christians?] Perhaps some'one may say by means of the Sunday-school, but the half of them don't go to the Sunday-school, and if they did it would amount to but little. For what can a youth learn in an hour on the Sunday. The Sunday-school I regard as little better than aesham, a delusion, and a mockery. Under such circumstances it surely is not to be wondered at that millions are ceasing to be Christians in this land. The fact is, the coun-try is becoming to a large extent non-Chris-tian. Statistics have been published in San Francisco, showing that 30,000,000 of the in-habitants of this Republic have never been baptized. What does that mean ? It establishes, I think, very clearly the fact that to a large ex-tent we are Christian only in name. [True, and a Christian only in name is no Christian at all. Therefore this being a non-Christian nation the present public school system is "admirably adapted to its needs in this respect."] Perhaps this is the reason why the present system of education is so earnestly upheld by so many. If so let its abettors avow.their belief, and their ad-vocacy and position will be consistent and intelli-gible. But if they will not, at least the God fearing, right-minded, conscientious men of all de-nominations in the land ought not to allow them-selves to be deluded any longer, and they should ask themselves the question, how far the present system of education in this country is responsible for the lack of belief that prevails in this land. I know, of course, that there are many well-mean-ing, honorable, high-mieded Christian men in the community who are zealous upholders of the pres-ent system of .public instruction. But have these ever examined the system attentively; have they considered its tendencies and marked its results? I think not. On the contrary, they take it for granted that it is a good, an excellent, aye, a most perfect system. They are strongly preju-diced in ,its favor; and, so when anyone raises his voice against it, or attempts to point out its de-fects, they become irritated and excited, and like the silversmith of Ephesus they raise a mighty commotion against us. The fact is, the present system of education in this land is to the people of this country what that ugly, ill-shaped mereolite which was worshiped in the temple of Ephesus as a goddess in the days of St. Paul, was to the people of Asia Minor. That is, it is the great Diana of the Ephesians, and woe to the man who dares to attack it rudely. But like the Ephesian deity, it is worshiped be-cause it is not understood, for when stripped of its tinsel and gaudy surroundings, it is anything but the lovable object that people take it to be; nay, it is a mighty, monstrous, insatiable Mo-loch to which the spiritual existence of millions of our little ones is being constantly sacrificed. Having now directed your attention to the inconsistency of this non-Christian system very much, is why institutions of this kind are growing steadily in favor and popularity with the best and most conservative men of. our times. [Nor are these crimes, excesses, defalcations, and this dishonesty carried on outside of all the mem-bership of the Roman Catholic Church. Let any-one notice the names of the hoodlers, the jury bribers, the-embezzlers, and election defrauders, and he will see that this is so, It is well known that the great majority of the Roman Catholic people of the United States are of the Irish race, and that the great majority of the children' of these are educated and trained in the Roman Catholic schools; whereas, the educating or training of an American child in the Catholic school is the exception, these, on the contrary, are taught in the public schools. Yet, in the City of New York the department of charities and corrections was called upon to dare for only 63,178 Americans in the four years from 1871 to 1875, while in the same time, it had to care for 98,737 Irish. The number of Americans was only one per cent. of the American popula-tion of that city while the number of Irish was three and a half per cent, of the Irish population. Which shows that children sent forth from Roman Catholic schools stand three and a half times the chance of becoming paupers that they do when sent forth from the public schools. Next, as to crimes. In fifteen years and four months in New York City, ending with 1875, there were arrested, 571,497 Irish and but 387,-154 Americans. The number of Irish was 3.28 per cent. of the Irish population While the number of Americans was but one per cent, of the Amer-ican population Ł: which plainly shows that a child trained in the Roman Catholic school stands three and a quarter times the chances of getting into jail that the child does who is trained in the public school. In other words, there is more than three and a quarter times the proba-bility that a child. taught in the Roman Catholic schools will commit crime than there is that a child taught in the public schools will do so. This evidence might be extended over other lines to the length of a separate article in itself, and it would show the same results or worse. Then let the Roman Catholic system show anywhere near such results as the public school system shows, before Roman Catholic priests repeat such charges against the public schools.] The work, then, that this college proposes to do will be of a dual character, that is to say, it will be of an intellectual and moral kind. It will develop the intellectual faculty and cultivate the moral instincts. By the former it will provide the community with capable officers, and by the latter with faithful servan ts. Thus it will become an agent for general good and a powerful factor in promoting and guarding the common ,interests, for from this institution will go forth in all hu-man probability, as time rolls by, several, if not very many, of those gifted youths who, as they come to take their place in 'society, will become the leaders, the guides, and representatives of the people--men who will occupy some of the highest offices within the gift of the communityŠwho will be amongst the administrators of jus-tice, the expounders of law, and the defenders of the interests of the populace,Šmen, in a word, whose voice will be heard at the bar, on the bench, and in the senate. 