NOVEMBER 80,.1808. AmEnn,NCAN 371 with them. Further contention or resist-ance only excites opposition, and is in-compatible with the Christian character. To single out the Lord's day, and treat its religious observance as a duty resting on all men, out of the Church as well as in it, and to prohibit all recreation, amuse-ment, or other diversion whatever on the part of everybody, and not also at the same time make a corresponding exertion to suppress and prevent the grosser sins of stealing, lying, adultery, fornication, slandering, backbiting, and all unchari-tableness, seems to be giving undue promi-nence to one idea, and surely strikes the world as illogical, unreasonable and un-sound. This was the mistake the lawyer made when he asked, " Master, which is the great commandment in the law ?" Jesus said unto him, " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great commandment; and the second is like unto it, thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets." The truth is, all parts of God's law are of equal importance. Spread it all before the world, and exhort mankind to keep it all, and let the law of liberty, and indi-vidual responsibility, and conscience, work it out the best it can. This singling out of one part of it and unduly magnifying it is the way in which Protestant Chris-tendom has been divided into more than four hundred different sects. Persons who travel on Sunday, not members of a church prohibiting it, without sufficient excuse, their own conscience being the judge, are guilty perhaps of discourtesy to the religious sensibilities of Christian people, but towards God, so far as his law is concerned, come in only to the condem-nation which rests on all thoughtless and impenitent persons generally, and on gen-eral principles. A Protest. [The Centreville Record, published at Centreville, Md., where the late trials of Seventh-day Adventists for Sunday labor were had, prints the following in its issue of Nov. 18 ] IN behalf of the Seventh-day Advent-ists, I desire to present a respectful, but decided protest to the enforcement of the Sunday laws making it a crime to do or-dinary labor on the first day of the week. Our position briefly stated is as follows : Sunday observance is based on a reli-gious belief in the sacred character of that day. The'law recognizes the fact in call-ing it the " Lord's day," " Sabbath," and similar expressions. No one can reason-ably assert that acts of common labor necessary and commendable on six days of the week are in themselves criminal if done on another day. It is not the work done, but the day on which it is done, that makes it a violation of the law. Thus the law is made in the interest of a day con-sidered sacred by a portion of the people, and, therefore, it seeks to enforce that idea upon others. Whoever obeys that law is thereby compelled to acknowldege a religious practice which may be directly contrary-  to his conscientious conviction. He must either disobey the law and suffer the penalty or he must at least outwardly conform to a religion in which he has no faith. This is not only contrary to, the inalienable right of every man to worship how and when he pleases, but it is opposed to the Constitution of the State and Nation  of which we are citizens. Our claim is that the State has no right to say that one day shall be regarded differently from others and so undertake to decide matters of religion. It might as well decide how men shall be baptized and which church they shall support. Seventh-day Adventists believe in and practice cheerful obedience to all civil au-thority, when it does not relate to the worship of God. But Sunday laws have no other purpose than to secure rest on that day because the law makers consider it the Lord's day. Even if it could be shown beyond question that the day se-lected is the true Sabbath of the Bible it would still be a matter outside the juris-diction of any earthly court to enforce it upon any,  person. That matter is between the individual and his Maker. Seventh-day Adventists would object just the same to a law that should compel the seventh day to be observed. We are, therefore, compelled by the law to suffer fines and imprisonment or stultify our consciences. We choose the former, but we protest against the usurpation of our rights. We stand on principle that is dearer to us than liberty or life. We ut-terly refuse to obey the laws of men that interfere with the claims of God. We de-sire our fellow-men to know our reason and so we invite careful consideration to our protest and to the principle involved. H. E. ROBINSON. Ł Ł Ł  "Babylon Is Fallen." Ix the earlier days of Protestantism the Church had with it the power of GodŠthe only weapon of the Church of God with which to fight the evil elements of the world, the flesh, and the devil. This weapon, when possessed and used, is mighty, even to the pulling down of the strongholds of evil. This power is noth-ing less than the Spirit of God, which Christ promised to his disciples, as he was about to leave them, when here in the flesh. It is by this power that the work of God is to be accomplished. He him-self says that his work shall be done, not by the might and power of men, but by his SpiritŠnot by the civil power, which is nothing more than the might of manŠbut by hia mighty power. When the Church is endowed with this power, this weapon, she will need no other, for who can overcome God ? Who can gain the -victory over him ? Can all the powers of earth ? No, never. God is supreme; he rules supreme. The Church is offered his power, his strength, and even his wisdom. The Protestant Church was once the possessor of this power, and with it she made the enemies of God, the evil ele-ments of this world, tremble. When such men as Luther, Zwingle, Huss, Jerome, and other reformers, filled with the power of God, and therefore full of courage, firmness, self-possession, and determina-tion, stood before the enemies of truth and righteousness, these same enemies were made to tremble before them, not because there was anything more in them, as men, than in themselves, but the power of truth defeated them. Falsehood can-not stand before truth, for truth is of God, and it will, it must, be vindicated. The power of Satan cannot stand before the power of God. The final victory belongs to the Church of God,Što those who will stand firm and loyal to God. It is predicted by God that in the last days,  and consequently, in these days, because wickedness shall abound the love of many shall wax cold, but whoso endureth unto the end, the same shall be saved. The Protestant Church once made Rome tremble at her fearlessness, her firmness, her loyalty to God. Why ? Because error cannot stand before truth. There is a power in truth, because God is in it. Rome was defeated by the truth, but to-day how is it ? Does Rome fear this same Protestantism now ? Does she tremble at it now ? No; Protestantism has ceased to protest. She no longer has the power of God. It is lost and she knows it, and her enemies know it, too, and this is the reason they fear her no longer. They know that Protestantism can do nothing without this power. Satan is more powerful than men, and if they have not God's help, can overcome them every time. God alone can overcome Satan, and so Protestantism can only overcome evil when God is with it. The Protestant Church, finding that she has lost the power of God, that power she once possessed, must have power of some kind to carry on her work, not the work of God but her own work, which is a sel-fish work, and so she does the same as Rome did before her, that is, gets control of the civil power. Indeed, what else could she do ? She has no power of her own. She once was exalted, but now she has fallen from grace; her pride, her sel-fishness, has caused her to be abased. She has changed her work. She once did the work of God, having his power and might to carry it forward, but now she is doing the work of Satan, with his power, or the power of self, to carry it forward. What must be her final end ?ŠDestruc-lion ; for Satan and every evil thing will at last be destroyed. Her final end is,pre- dieted in Revelation 18:1-21, as follows "And after these things I saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power; and the earth was ightened with his glory. And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird. For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her for-nication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her, and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her delicacies. And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers or her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues. For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities. Reward her even as she rewarded you, and double unto her double according to her works : in the cup which she hath filled, fill to her double. How much she hath glorified herself, and lived deliciously, so much torment and sorrow give her : for she saith in her heart, I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow. There-fore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be utterly burned with fire : for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her.1  . . . Rejoice over Ł her, thou heaven, and ye holy apostles and prophets; for God hath avenged you on her. And a mighty angel took up a stone like a great millstone, and cast it into the sea, saying, Thus with violence shall that great city Babylon be thrown down, and shall be found no more at all." 