214 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. They Smite with the Fist of Wicked- ness. SOME time ago the Los Angeles Church-man published an article criticising the aims and methods of the American Sab-bath Union, and advising its readers to read THE AMERICAN SENTINEL to learn the real object of the Union. A cham-pion of that organization replied as fol-lows :Š Dr. T. W. Haskins, editor of the Churchman, Los Angeles, in his last issue, makes an uncalled-for attack on the American Sabbath Union. He merely asserts that it is in the wrong, but does not give any reason for his opinion. He requests his readers to procure for themselves copies of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL in order to find out what are the objects and aims of the American Sabbath Union. We shall expect the good Doctor on next Sunday, at the close of his sermon, before he takes off his robes, to say to the people of his parish that they must send at once for Ingersoll's " Lectures," and Paine's "Age of Reason," in order to understand the teaching of the Bible, and have a clear concep-tion of the aims and objects of Christianity. It would be exactly the same logic. If the editor of the Churchman were honest in his desire to have his readers informed as to the objects of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, he would suggest to them to send to one of our offices, get a copy of our consti-tution, and procure some of our literature. But he wants them to misunderstand, and there-fore requests them to send for copies of a publica-tion that is filled with misinterpretations and downright falsehoods. When the editor of the Churchman comes out in a manly way and makes an argument against the American Sabbath Union and its work, we shall be ready to reply, but can see nothing to answer in his groundless and empty assertions. Since the above was written we have learned that the Churchman was not a success and will be discontinued. But the energetic Doctor is determined to have a paper and has started a new one in which he pro-poses to play second fiddle to THE AMERICAN SEN- TINEL, and in this he will doubtless  succeed, To this Dr. Haskins makes the follow-ing dignified reply, which does him credit as a gentleman and a Christian When an applicant for assistance abuses you for not responding to his appeal yon may be sure of his unworthiness. When the advocate of 'a cause does the same for differing with him you have good ground for suspecting the truth and righteous-ness of his cause. The spots of the leopard, the fangs of the ser-pent, the iron hand of the persecutor, are all manifest in the above article. We have not attacked the American Sabbath Union without good reason. We stated our opin-ion that we did not believe in its issues, aims, or methods ; that its principles were based on error, were unchristian and un-American, and we gave numerous extracts, in the same issue, of the opin-ions of others, containing the arguments and reasons therefor. We have seen a good deal of the literature of the American Sabbath Union. Everybody has. It is forced upon you in season and out of season, from the pulpit, the press, the canvasser, the special agents. It would be absurd, if we differed with it, to recommend its literature. If there were another side to the question, the public would like to know where to find it. We told the public where to find it. Is there anything unfair in that ? We have seen and read THE AMERICAN SENTINEL for three years, and have yet to find a more dispassionate, logical, truthful, fair-minded, generous advocate for a cause which it believes to be true and vital to the welfare of both country and Church, than that organ. We shall continue to recommend it and to encourage its circulation for the reasons already stated, whether it is called playing second or third fiddle. This we do voluntarily, impelled simply by a conviction of the truth of the cause, without any solicitation on the part of the editors or proprietors of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, with whom we have no personal acquaintance, and have had no corres-pondence; neither do we agree with the Seventh-day Adventists in their view of the obligation of the Sabbath (the seventh day) in this age of grace. If misguided opponents see fit to class us with Ingersoll and Paine for presuming to differ with them on Sunday legislation, they must take the consequences of their judgment. We prefer, in this position, to share the ignominy of the Saviour and the apostles, than to partake of the triumph (so called) of the Church a few centuries later when  it forced its decrees upon those who differed by political intrigue and the strong arm of civil au-thority exerted by banishment, torture, and death. The writer of the above article must have been aware, if he saw our paper, that it has not been discontinued and another one started. To better express the special cause which it advocates, and to free it from the imputation of being an organ of the Episcopal Church, it was thought best to desig-nate the paper by a name which could hardly be misunderstood. Whether it will be a success or not we do not know. If not, we shall not be the first martyr for a cause. But we are certain that it will not seek to secure success by flattering and tickling the vanity of prominent people in Church or State by inserting their faces and puffing their doctrines, and then pinning a placard on their coats, " A friend of our cause." The methods of the Sunday Unionists are not one whit better than the modus operandi of the Ku Klux of the South, or the White Caps of Indiana. Their stock in trade is not argument but inuendo. The White Caps smite with rods, the Sunday Unionists, " with the fist of wick-edness." There is small difference either in their principles or methods. The Principle Wrong. THE Demorest Times, a Georgia Prohi-bition paper thinks that "there is a large class of people in this country, who have a mistaken idea of the Sabbath plank in the Prohibition platform; and to whom it is due that the idea and purpose of that plank should be fully explained." " It is," continues the Times, " that class who honestly believe in keeping the seventh, instead of the first day of the week, as the Christian Sabbath; and whose views are entitled to all consideration and respect. These people are largely Prohibitionists, -and -many-of-them-i-ncline-to-the Prohibi- tion Party; but they misunderstand the Sabbath plank, and fear that it means, in some way, the interference with their rights in regard to keeping Saturday, instead of Sunday, as their Sabbath. We believe a proper explanation of the purport of our Sabbath plank, will aid much in satisfy- ing those people, and in clearing the way for them to vote the Prohibition ticket." The explanation which the Times gives is on this wise:Š The truth is, the Sabbath plank does not refer in any way to them, or any one else, who conscien-tiously observe Saturday as their Sabbath. The greatest pains has been taken to indicate its pur-pose to be to protect our civil American Sabbath from the foreign beer garden and saloon debauchery that is fast making it a disgrace and terror in many of our large cities. . . . We say then, to our friends, it is against those enemies, the saloon and the beer garden with their attending concomitants, that ' our Sabbath plank is aimed. We respect the people's right to worship God on Saturday, and will guard that right as sacredly as we will the right of others to worship on Sunday. But the American civil Sabbath be-longs to the Nation, and its civil sanctity must be preserved if we would keep inviolate, and transmit, unimpaired, to posterity, the sacred trust that has been committed to us by our fathers. The explanation does not mend mat-ters any with those who stand for right. The trouble is that all so-called civil Sabbath laws are wrong in principle, and to assent to them is to grant the right of the State to legislate upon religious questions. The whole subject is well illus-trated by the fable of the trees and the ax : A man came into a forest, and made a petition to the trees to provide him a handle for his axe. The trees consented to his request, and gave him a young ash tree. No sooner had the man fitted from it a new handle to his ax, than he began to use it, and quickly felled with his strokes the noblest giants of the forest. An old oak, lament-ing when too late the destruction of his compan-ions, said to a neighboring cedar, " The first step  has lost us all. If we had not given up the rights of the ash, we might yet have retained our own privileges, and have Mood for ages." The man who is willing that his neigh-bor should be compelled to keep Sunday if only he himself is left free to follow his own inclinations upon that day there-by admits the right of the State to legis-late upon such questions, and therefore surrenders his soul-liberty ; for whatever freedom of conscience he exercises is by sufferance of the State, whose authority in such matters he has acknowledged for others, and of course for himself when it shall see fit to dictate to him. Every man has, so far as civil govern-ment is concerned, an inalienable right to observe Sunday; and he has just as much right not to observe it; and the fact that he observes another day does not alter the case at all. The whole principle of religious legislation is wrong and should be opposed by every lover of liberty either civil or religious. C. P. B. Our Bearings. IN 1660, Bunyan entered Bedford jail to serve a twelve years sentence for "teach-ing men to worship contrary to law," and for " upholding meetings contrary to the laws of the king." June 4, 1768, in Vir-ginia, John Waller, Louis Craig and James Childs, were sent to jail, the prose-cuting attorney having sustained the plea, " May it please your Courtships, these men are great disturbers of the peace; they can not meet a man upon the road but they must ram a passage of scripture down his throat." In May, 1802, in the State of Tennessee, 1: lilted 4tates of America, four men are,.\-3omnaittci to jail because they devoutly believed that the seventh day was the Christian Sabbath, and, having worshiped on that day, they quietly " followed their usual avocations on the first day of the week. They were farmers, who rested and worshiped God on the seventh day, and tilled their land on the other six days. The prosecuting attorney said, " These are not criminals, but sober, honest men; but we have a law against Sunday labor, and they have vio-lated it, and must be punished." One of the jury who brought in the verdict, " Guilty," said, " Those men are honest. I would cheerfully trust every one of them to guard $10,000. Not a cent would be lost." These men are now lying in a Ten-nessee jail along with criminals of all colors. Where are we anyhow ? In the same State and county, saloons, railway trains and mills run unmolested every Sunday. Men and boys hunt, fish, and play ball, without hurting the feelings of the grand jury, and other protectors of the peace. We doff our hats in the Tennesse court room, and meekly ask : Are these men so much guilty of Sunday work as of Satur-day worship' We profoundly believe in a Christian Sabbath. We commemorate the resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ upon the first day of the week. But we would not imprison his disciples for either plucking or plowing grain upon that day. Peter with his sword may capture an ear; but a loving gospel will capture and hold ever more the hearts of men. . . . A day of rest should be provided, but a man's own personal and free exercise of conscientious privilege or duty should not be a subject of legal coercion.ŠEditorial in Church Bulletin, Chicago. 