620 AMERICAN SENTINEL. SOMEONE has made an estimate of the religious vote in the United States, based on the election returns for 1896. It gives these figures:Š Protestant vote, 2,877,816; Roman Catholic vote, 1,245,892; leaving a secular vote of 12,816,703. ThisŠwhich is at least approximately correctŠshows that the United States is preUminently a secular nation; yet there are some people who think that terrible differences would appearŠthat, in short, the country would go to rack and ruinŠif it were not for the Christian vote! * THE Dominican Order in the Philippine Islands is getting a taste of the irony of fate. It is obliged to look for protection to the United States Government. If the people of the islands, who are Catholics, are left in pos-session of the country, they will confiscate every peso of Dominican property, and hence this Catholic order is obliged to look for protection to a nation predomi-nantly Protestant. That speaks well for Protestantism, but ill for Catholicism. SPEAKING of the custom of "christening" ships of war," which is to be observed at the launching of a new United States battleship, the Independent says:Š "We think the ceremony with either [wine or water] to be a blasphemous travesty on a holy sacrament. Baptism is for human beings. As well baptize a pen-knife or an inkstand or a bell or a shop or a church as a ship, and last of all a ship of war." And this is very true; but there is as much sense in the idea that a ship of war ought to be baptized as in the idea that such a ship is an instrument of Christian-ity. When a ship of war has been duly baptized, if she was not launched on Sunday or in any part constructed on that day, she is by many regarded as a sort of Chris-tian institution, whose work of death and destruction is not in violation of the moral code. * * THE Republican candidate for governor of the State of New York, Mr. Theodore Roosevelt, is a man distin-guished among men for a sturdy independence of charac-ter, and seemingly was as likely an individual as could be found to administer the duties of political office with-out being subservient to the "machine" or any political boss. It was predicted that he would be a genuine "rough, rider" for the machine, which was what the good  people of the State desired to see; but it is found that, the Republican boss of the State puts up Mr. Roosevelt as his candidate, controlling the political machinery of the State the same as he has done in times past. The "machine" runs as smoothly with Mr. Roosevelt on it as it ever did. Mr. Crooker, on the other-  hand, has the Democratic machine as thoroughly under his control, and set up his candidate with only a nominal show of opposition. And this is politics as it is to-dayŠsimply a huge circus in which two leading bosses run their re-spective machines against each other for political su-premacy, with a few side-shows accompanying in the shape of "independent" tickets. * UNQUESTIONABLY much of the sickness in the camps of the soldiers, which has caused such a controversy in government circles, was due to lax discipline which al-lowed the soldiers to indulge their appetites freely for both food and drink, in the cities and towns near which the camps were located. The greater part of the sick-ness in this world is caused by violation of natural laws in eating and drinking. THE Turkish authorities do not look favorably upon the "Zionist" movement, which aims at peopling the land of Palestine with a sufficient number of Jews to convert the country into a Jewish state. The Sultan does not believe in having a Jewish state established in his domin-ions. Jewish authorities in the United States are nearly unanimous in opposition to the scheme. * IF the nations of Europe and the United States should accept the czar's proposition for disarmament, and re-tain only one soldier for each 1,000 citizens, which is the proportion advised by General Miles, the armies of the respective countries would be: Russia, 125,000 men; Germany, 50,000; France and Austria, each, 40,000; and the United States, 70,000. * * RECENTLY a Polish priest of Chicago, Father Koz-lowski, was excommunicated by the Archbishop of Chi-cago, the excommunication being no mild affair, but one which consigned the "father" to eternal damnation and forbade "the faithful under grave penalty," "to have any intercourse or communion with him." This of course established a boycott against the victim of papal wrath, and thus it became a matter within the jurisdiction of the civil courts. Father Kozlowski accordingly has brought a suit for damages against the archbishop, and has precedent established in a similar case in Massachu-setts for expecting a verdict in his favor. As the Inde-pendent says, "A penalty which forbids a man to be spoken to, or any business done with him, and whose 