228 THE A_NIERICAN SENTINEL. where Presbyterianism is the established religion, declares that football and cricket have done much harm "by the Sabbath indolence and neglect of ordinances which exhausted nature exacts from their vo-taries:" The report also says that in one county especially " the pernicious custom of vis-iting friends and places of interest on the Lord's day is rapidly spreading." And in another section " frivolous and purely worldly conversation on the Lord's day is common." The liquor traffic too seems to be active there as elsewhere, while the " sin of half-hearing " (going to church only in the forenoon) and neglect of the prayer meeting are sapping the life of the church. A similar condition of affairs in this country is attributed by many to lax Sun-day legislation, and to a total or partial failure to enforce existing laws upon the subject; but this is a mistake. As before intimated, neither England nor Scotland is lacking in the matter of Sunday laws, nor in official recognition of God as the source of civil authority. So far as civil law can make nations Christian these countries are Christian. The truth of the matter is that civil laws have nothing to do with morals or religion, and instead of Sunday " dese-cration" being due to the absence of Sun-day laws it is due to the low religious condition of the people; and no amount of civil law can possibly improve that con-dition or make the people more religious. Of course it naturally follows that the only way to secure better Sabbath observ-ance is to make the people more religious, and this can be done only by teaching them the gospel. C. P. B. " Explorations." THE careful attention of the reader is invited to this article from the Christian Nation, and also to a brief comment upon it on the last page of this paper :Š " Ever since the bold navigators pushed across the Atlantic and discovered a new Ł world beyond the Pillars of Hercules, men have sought through polar ice, the North West Passage. One after another they have made the trial and the wrecks which strew those frozen shores remain as a monument to blighted hope. " Such a quest has long been carried on to find a religious acknowledgment in the Federal Constitution. Notwithstanding the fact that the Constitution itself di-rectly prohibits such a feature the search has been continued under discouragements which would have dissuaded a Kane or a Franklin. " The Constitution is not a large terri-tory. It is composed of seven articles and fifteen amendments. This is all there is of it. It is shorter and more instructive than the President's message, more talked  of and less read than any document in the country. " It is given by the people for the di-rection of the Federal Government. From this document alone it receives its author-ity to act. Cooley states, It (the Gov-ernment) derives its powers from the grant of the people, made by the Constitution, and they are all to be found in the written law and not elsewhere.' Webster says, powers are enumerated but not defined.' Chief Justice Marshall writes, Every power alleged to be vested in the national Government, or any organ thereof, must be affirmatively shown to have been granted.' From these the rule may be deduced that every power not enumerated is forbidden. Where then is the enumer-ated power in the Constitution, which compels' Christian legislation ? " It might be well first of all to consider the clause of the Constitution which pro-hibits any Christian feature in the funda-mental law, for it is the rock on which those explorers, who escaped the other perils of the voyage, have met their fate. No religious qualification shall ever be required for any office or public trust under the United States.' Some have claimed that this clause means no de-nominational test,' etc. Its interpretation at the time of framing the Constitution is well set forth by an amendment pro-posed by South Carolina. The Legislature of this State wished to amend this clause so that it would read, no other religious qualification,' holding that the so-called oath which precedes was a religious qual-ification.' Could an oath be considered as a denominational' qualification ? " What Christian denomination would consider the oath a `test' ? The oath as it should be, is not a denominational but a religious act. But South Carolina was shown that the oath as administered had not a religious character and the clause remained unchanged. " To whom would a religious clause in the Constitution become a test ?ŠTo the infidel, to the atheist, to the Jew. Every one who holds an office or trust under the United States' swears to this Consti-tution and all that it contains. If it had a single Christian feature, no unbeliever could hold office under the general Gov-ernment. Would these classes swear to the very thing which they deny ? It is an impeachment on their honesty. The infidel framers of the Federal Constitu-tion who considered prayers unneces-sary' did not propose to make one that would disfranchise themselves. They made such a thing impossible by express prohibition of religion. But the supreme law of the land' does not leave us without another witness for this interpretation. As the test' clause prohibits religion in the Constitution, the treaty with Tripoli states the fact in the case. It reads, As the Government' of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on  the Christian religion; it has in itself no character against the laws and religion of Mussulmen.' " It is necessary to go no further to show that without amendment, there can be no Christian acknowledgment, much less authority for Christian legislation in the Federal Constitution. But it may be interesting to examine some of the alleged discoveries. "The first in frequency and unimportr ance is the date in the Constitution and in various parts of the 'supreme law.' This is an unquestioned fact. The Constitu-tion itself goes so far as to say, In the year of our Lord.' This it is claimed is a Christian acknowledgment. " One can imagine the religious feeling with which Jefferson would date the Dec-laration of Independence after having written his Creator's name as god in the body of that paper. What a solemn emo-tion must have thrilled the soul of Inger-soll as he dated the contract by which the Star Route thieves made over to him a large tract of land in New Mexico, in re-turn for efforts in their behalf. If this be true, every time an infidel dates a letter he acknowledges the Lord. " But there are some other dates in the supreme law.' The Treaty of Tripoli just quoted is dated, the 3d day of Jumad in the year of the Hegira 12112 Another with Morocco is signed, ' At our court of Morocco on the twenty-fifth day of the blessed month of Shaban.' Now, if one dating recognizes Christianity, the other does the same for Mohammedanism. This is a dilemma for the explorer. " The second . discovery of Christian acknowledgment is in Section VII., If any bill shall not be returned by the Pres-ident within ten days (Sunday excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the same shall be a law.' It is evident that this has no reference to Congress but to the President alone. It does not refer to him in all his duties, but only in one, that of considering a bill. It does not even authorize much less compel him to give that day to others. Where is his grant of power for such action ? All his powers are enumerated ' in the Constitu; tion. Where is the clause which com-pels' him to give Sunday' to any one ? It allows it to the President and that is all. " But is it a Christian acknowledgment ? Sunday' is not the Christian name of any day in the week. If there is any-thing in the name it must be an acknowl-edgment of some heathen religion. Cer-tainly not Christianity. " Sunday is simply a legal holiday al-lowed to the President himself, in one of his functions. It rests on no higher basis than the Sunday laws.' Is that any rec- ognition of the Lord of the Sabbath ? Let the decisions of the courts answer the question. That which the courts have re-garded as the basis of these laws Judge 