550 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. 'Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. f Entered at the New York Poet-office.) "RECEIVE ye the Holy Ghost." In these words, ad-dressed to sinful flesh, God appeals to his people on the earth, to his church, to be filled with unlimited power; for such is the power of the Spirit. But while God is thus beseeching men, the very ones who profess to be his followers here are beseeching the legislatures of earth for the power needed to advance the cause of righteousness. Was there ever a stranger or sadder spectacle before heaven and earthŠGod beseeching the church to receive unlimited power from on high, which he is ready to bestow, and the church, all unmindful of his words, be seeching the world for the power that belongs to earthly things! The church could not be guilty of greater folly. A Religious Delusion. IN the columns of the daily press of this city recently space was given to a description of "the impressive cere-mony of the taking of the black veil" by sixteen young women, in the chapel of the convent of the "Sisters of St. Dominic," Archbishop Corrigan officiating. By under-going this "impressive ceremony" these young women are understood to have formally "renounced the world" and taken upon themselves the vows of a life of "char-ity." This is but one of many similar occasions which are reported from time to time in all parts of the land. Let us look a moment at this idea of consecration and the religious life. 'These young women have withdrawn themselves from all social intercourse with their fellow -beings in the world. They have really renounced their fellow-mortals. Is this renouncing the world? Certainly not. The world cannot be renounced in that way. Worldliness is in the heartŠin the principles o#, the life. The principles of the world, not the people, are to be renounced. A person may separate himself from all his sinful fel-low-mortals, as did the old hermits, and yet carry with  him into his seclusion, as they did, the very worldliness which they think thus to escape. For worldliness, full and complete, is in every heart that is carnal, unrenewed by the power- of divine grace. To "renounce the world" by going off into the seclu-sion of the convent or monastery, is like a person trying to escape from his own shadow. The one is exactly as wise a proceeding as the other. And this separation from human society is not only powerless to promote consecration; it is altogether con-trary to the will and purpose of the Creator. God put people in this world to be together. He knew the nature of the beings whom he created, and knew that society was necessary to their welfare. He brings people into this world for their happiness, to enjoy them _ selves together, not to be miserable somewhere in seclu-sion. But aside from the enjoyment to be derived from human companionship, he puts people together for their spiritual good. His own work in the earth, the procla-mation of the gospel truth, so far from demanding the exclusion of its adherents, demands the exact opposite. God's servants are the "salt of the earth:" and to be this they must be in the world, mingling freely with all classes of society, and with world-loving people espe-cially. God sends his servants to sinners, not away from them. A ship is built to go in the water. There is danger that the water may get into the ship, and if it does, in sufficient quantities, the ship sinks and is lost. The ship at sea is in the very element, all surrounded by it, which under certain circumstances williprove its sure destruc-tion. There may be a collision, or the ship may run on a reef, or be shattered by a storm, and in any of these ways become filled with water7and sent to the bottom of the sea. Ships are being lost by such casualties all the time. The sea is the one great agent of their destruc-tion. What then shall be done to preserve the ship? Oh, we will pull it up out of the sea upon the dry land; we will put it where the water cannot get to it! Or, we will seclude it in some quiet undisturbed creek or inlet along the shore, where the perils of the sea can never reach it! That would save the ship from the sea, and also render it useless; but even the seclusion of the convent cannot save a soul from the world. The idea that consecration, that holiness of life, re quires the renunciation of society, a life of celibacy, and the somber garb of the convent, is as contrary to the truth as anything could possibly be. It is a travesty upon divine truth, and designed as such by the opponent of truth who invented it. Robert Ingersoll has uttered many falsehoods concerning religion; but he spoke the truth, the gospel truth, in saying that the mother with her babe presented a far nobler and holier picture than the nun with her cross and beads. Jesus said, in his prayer for his disciples, "I pray not that Thou wouldest take them out of the world, but that Thou wouldest keep them from the evil." The 