AMERICAN SENTINEL. 569' This difference is so very plain that none need have any difficulty in discerning it. The difference, in short, is this: Life is eternal exist-ence, while death is eternal destruction. Whatever en-dures has real life in it. Now all know that those things which the world calls pleasures and "real life" cannot exist long, and that is the reason why men are so fierce in pursuit of them. One says, "Life cannot last long, and I mean to enjoy it while I can." He means that the things that he calls life cannot last long. But that very fact shows that they are not life, but death; for life, real life, is eternal. That which is not eternal is not life. Life is strength, it is freshness, and fullness of joy. One does not grow weary of life; for the characteristic of eternal life, which is the only life, is that it is continually new. One can no more grow tired of it than he can of the morning dew drop or the clear light of the rising sun. But men who are wholly devoted to what the world calls the pleasures of life, soon grow weary and disgusted, and often show by committing suicide that death is what they have been after. A Christian cannot commit suicide; he loves life too well. The more he has of it, the better he likes it. "What man is he that desireth life, and loveth many days, that he may see good? Keep thy tongue from evil, and thy lips from speaking guile. Depart from evil, and do good; seek peace, and pursue it." Ps. 34:12-14. "I call heaven and earth to record this day against you, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing; therefore choose life, that both thou and thy seed may live; that thou mayest love the Lord thy God, and that thou mayest obey his voice, that thou mayest cleave unto him, for he is thy life, and the length of thy days." The Genesis of Sunday. [Tats article is one of several which appeared in The Commercial Advertiser at the time when the New York Legislature had under discussion a bill prohibiting Sun-day fishing. It was called out by a statement by Sen-ator O'Connor that Sunday fishing is in harmony with Scripture.] IF the position taken by Senator O'Connor be cor-rect, that fishing on Sunday is justified by Scripture, and the arguments therefor be sound, the question naturally arises, How can Sunday be such a day as is claimed in our times by believers in the Bible when those very Scrip-tures show that in the apostle's age it was put to secular uses? The arguments taken from Scripture to show that Sunday was a secular day and the instances of its secu-larization could be multiplied, if need be, but it better serves the purpose of this article to pass at once from the biblical to the historical consideration of the subject, since Sunday was never made sacred by any biblical  writer nor by any writer for several centuries after the apostolical period. The present status of Sunday is the result of civil lawŁ and custom. There is no historical proof in controver-sion. On the 7th of March, 321, Constantine issued his famous Sunday edict, commanding that there be no labor, except in the fields, on the "venerable day of the sun." This edict contained no allusion to any Christian sentiment. With the pagans comprising the largest por-tion of the empire, Sunday was already the chief day of the week. It was the day they had consecrated to the worship of the sun. Being already in the habit of ab-staining from labor on that day, they were obliged to abstain from secular pursuits on their conversion to Christianity on the Sabbath or sacred day, which the newly adopted religion brought with it. As the pagan converts became more numerous than the Jewish, and the abstinence from labor on two daysŠthe Sabbath of the Bible and Sunday of PagandomŠwas, found to be irksome, the two coalesced, and thus Sunday-became the sacred day. Again, to blend as far as possible into one harmoni-ous whole the discordant systems of paganism and Chris-tianity, was the height of Constantine's ambition. As a result, it is charged by Protestants that Christianity was corrupted, and all history and candid scholarship sus-tain the charge. In order to unite the young and rising faith with the old and waning one compromises were ef-fected, but our theologians are loath to face the fact, and often, being in possession of it, are loath to make it known, that one of these compromises resulted in the overthrow of the Sabbath of the Bible in favor of the Sunday of Pagandom. Years afterward, when in a controversy, the Puritans of England charged inconsistency on the part of the Episcopalians because they, claiming to be anti-papists, yet observed without scriptural warrant the holidays or the Roman Church, the Puritans were met with the coun-tercharge of similar inconsistency because they observed Sunday, since it, too, was clearly an ecclesiastical insti-tution of papal-pagan origin, with as little foundation in Scripture as the various saints' days and holy days of the papacy. To extricate themselves from these straits; scriptural reasons had to be given for their practice. Nicolaus Bound, a preacher of that time, formulated and promulgated the theory that Sunday had rightly taken the place of the Sabbath, since on that day Christ arose from the dead. In the process of time additional arguments were added to this, and among those argu-ments is the one that Jesus met his disciples after the resurrection on the first day of the week in honor of that event, and hence thereafter that day became the day of Christian assembly and worship. The disciples, however, did not themselves all this time believe that the resurrec-tion had taken place. This brings me back to the basis for Senator O'Con-nor's statement that it is scripturally correct to fish on 