188 AMERICAN SENTINEL. upon the world every demon that ever vexed the human rice, It unchains every wild passion that has lingered in man's blood since it flowed upward from the brute. It turned every thumbscrew that tortured heretics. It piled the fagots about every burning martyr. It laid on the lash that drew blood from the back of every suffering slave. It prepares the path for the despot to reach his throne of tyranny and arms him with instru-ments of oppression. It was against this denial of both God and humanity that the barons hurled themselves at Runnymede. For its overthrow, Old Ironsides fought at Naseby and Marston Moor. To banish this theory of human affairs from the new world Washington suffered at Valley Forge and contended at Yorktown. To destroy the l'Ist vestige of this hateful policy, Grant conquered at Appomattox. This is not true Americanism, but the contradiction of every principle for which we have con-tended and in which we have gloried for over a century. This is not the upward way of civilization, but the back-ward descent to barbarism. If this be duty, let us recite no more the Master's creed of love. If this be destiny, let us proclaim no more the rights of men. If this be patriotism, let us sing no more "America." We must rewrite the "Star Spangled Banner," and make its theme the praise of conquest and colonization. We must erase the motto, "E. Pluri-bus Unum," and inscribe instead, "One nation in au-thority over many people." We must tear up the Dec-laration of Independence and put in its place "A sum-mary of the duties of colonists to their master." But this is political atheism. Something more than the welfare of distant peoples is at stake. We condemn this teaching and policy, not simply to secure justice to the brown man, but to insure justice and freedom for ourselves. The motive of our pro-test is more than friendship for him; it is devotion to principles of liberty that are the necessary conditions of universal human progress. The feelings of sympathy and justice ought to rule us in these relations. But every advocate of our present national policy outrages these sentiments whenever he makes his defense. His words ring false. And yet the heart of the matter lies far deeper. The true glory of America is imperiled. The happiness of our descendants is assailed. The mission of America as the representative and guardian of liberty is in question. The perpetuity of free institutions hangs in the balance. We cannot worship this golden calf and go un-scourged. We cannot violate the principles of our Government and enjoy the blessings of those principles. We cannot deny freedom across the ocean and maintain it at home. This nation cannot endure with part of its . people citizens and part colonists. The flag will lose all its glory if it floats at once over freemen and subjects. We cannot long rule other men and keep our own liberty. In the high and holy name of humanity, we are tram- pling upon the rights of men. But Nemesis will wake. The mask will fall; our joy shall be bitterness; we shall find ourselves in chains. Most of all, we lament the stain that has come to our flag, not from the soldier carrying it, but from the policy that has compelled him to carry it in an unjust cause. . . . What we most deplore is the surrender that we as a nation have made of our leadership in the world's great work of human emancipation. What we most bitterly mourn is that we, by our selfish dreams of mere commercialism, have piled obstacles mountain high in the way of progress. What is most surprising and most alarming is the fact that large numbers of our people still call this national ambition for conquest and dominion a form of exalted patriotism. But we are surely under the spell of a malign influence. A false Americanism has captivated our reason and corrupted our conscience. May this hypnotic lethargy, induced by the glittering but deceptive bauble of imperialism, speedily pass away; and may these fellow-citizens become again true Ameri-cans, free to labor for the liberty of all men and intent on helping the lowly of all lands to independence. Ann Arbor, Mich. To Preserve the Birds. A SINGULAR effect of irony is produced by this dis-patch, received from Washington last evening:Š "Minister Conger has informed the State Depart-ment that, at the request of the diplomatic corps in Pekin, the Chinese government has prohibited the ex-portation of pheasant skins. The birds were being ruthlessly slaughtered to meet the demand in the Euro-pean markets for their plumage." This is the first official step taken in any country of the world to save the birds, unless the queen's prohibi-tion of the use of egrets on the guards' headgear be con-sidered such a step. Yet such steps must be taken, and very soon, too, by every nation, if the extinction of the human race is a thing to be avoided. There is no sort of doubt that this matter depends on the preservation of the birds, for reasons which must be well known: and at the rate that women are using up the birds of the world, their disappearance is really calculable. Millions of birds are not killed yearly without immensely dimin-ishing the possibilities of the survival of the species most in demand, or, in truth, without making it abso-lutely sure that they will be exterminated. The slaugh-ter must stop, and as a simple measure of preservation of the race the governments of the world have got to pass even more stringent bills than Senator Hoar has framed and advocated. It is not sentiment that will compel this, but the hardest of economic reasons.ŠSpringfield Republican, March 8. 