290 mmu AMERICAN SENTINEL. more needful that the child should know who Christ was and what he said, that is the very reason why it is impossible for the State to teach these things. The State cannot do it. How can the State teach who Christ was ? What facilities has the-State for knowing who he was, that it shall decide this question and teach it with authority ? That is a large question. It has been the question of 'the ages. It began when he was here. " Whom do men say that I, the Son of man, am ? " But it is not enough that we know who men say that he is, or was; but the ques-tion is, Who is he ? Will the Inter-Ocean tell who Christ is ? and will that paper go so far as to say that what it says Christ is shall be taught to everybody in the State of Illinois, or anywhere else at public expense or by State authority ? But from the article in the Inter-Ocean it would seem that it proposes that who Christ is and what he said, shall be taught to the children in school, in the same manner as the question of who Columbus was and what he did. If that be the pur-pose of the Inter-Ocean, then no Christian could ever consent to any such teaching. To put Christ and what he said, in such a place and to teach it in such a way as that, is to deny who Christ really is, and to undo all the force of what he said. Again we quote Nor does the act of teaching the history of Christ necessitate the teaching of his divinity. We tell the scholar what the motives of Columbus were, we leave him to judge of the wisdom of the motive. Well suppose the public school teacher undertakes to tell children in school what the motive of Christ was in coming to the world, and leaves the children to judge of that motive, as they would judge of the motives of Columbus, what is that but to teach them to sit in judgment upon the Lord? What is it in fact but the teaching of downright infidelity ? When the motive of Christ is set before children or men, it is not his intention at all that they shall judge of that motive. It is that they shall believe it and make it a part of their lives, and that to neglect to do so is to imperil the eternal destiny of their souls. Any man can judge of the motives of Columbus with no danger whatever. A child may judge of the motives of Columbus as he pleases, and think of them as he chooses, and it cannot effect him in the least; but neither man nor child can do such a thing with the motives of Jesus Christ, without injury to himself both in this life and the life to come. And that the Inter-Ocean should set forth such a proposition leads us seri-ously to doubt whether it truly believes in the motive of Christ as it really is, or whether it judges his motive as it does those of Columbus or any other explorer. We should like to see the Inter-Ocean attempt to carry out its own statement and give us an example of the act of teaching the history of Christ without  teaching his divinity. The first question would be, who was,  he ? The only answer is that he is " the Christ the Son of-the living God." But that declares his-  di-vinity. Again, when he was born, What was he to be called ? " Thou Shalt !call his :name Jesus, for he shall save his people from their sins." And _ that. also teaches his divinity. And 4gain, ".'They shall call his name Immanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us." That is his name because that is what he is. And the history goes on following him round about Judea, as he went healing the sick, restoring the demoniac, making the lame to walk, and the blind to see, stilling the tempest, and raising the dead. And all these things teach his divinity. The his-tory goes on to say that he was crucified, and that that even happened amid such surroundings that the centurion who commanded the soldiers declared, "Verily, this man was the Son of God." And that teaches his divinity. The history goes on to say that he arose from the dead, and was seen of his disciples, and the people in crowds; that his disciples touched him, and ate with him, and associated with him for a period of forty days after they had seen him crucified, and dead upon the cross, and buried in the sepulchre. And then that he ascended up into heaven, and that there he sits at the right hand of the throne of God. And all that teaches his divinity. In fact every particular and every item in the life of the Saviour from the manger in Bethlehem until his ascension, teaches nothing else than the divinity of Christ. The history cannot be mentioned without teaching that divinity, and any proposi-tion to the contrary is in itself conclusive proof that the one making the statement does not believe in his divinity. And because this history is the history ofŁ his divinity, because the words of Christ are the words of " God with us," this is the reason why the words are to be believed, and not judged when they are taught. It is not for man to judge. God; it is not for the sinner 'to sit in judgment upon his Saviour. As this is to be believed, and as the understanding of it is wholly of faith, and as the record is witnessed to faith by the spirit of God,-,---for this reason it is impossible for any governmental power on earth to teach either the history or the doctrine of Jesus Christ. Christ himself committed that work to the Church, and any church that consents that the State may ever perform that work, allows that she herself has lost the power to do it. And any State that proposes to do such a thing, simply pro-poses to rob the Church of its prerogative and to usurp that which never can belong to the State, because Christ never com-mitted it to the State. If men would believe Christ more. and judge him less, there would be far less demand that the State shall teach religion.  And if men would believe the Bible more, and ,judge it and interpret it less, there would he very little heard of any question of the Bible in_ the public schools. Then people would have enough confidence in the Bible, and in its divine author; to trust it to maintain its bWn_causa, without de-manding that It be bolstered= up by such a pillar :of_ sand-  as is the State in such a place., A. T.-J. Why the Government Should not Em-ploy Chaplains. SUNDAY, August 24, Rev. J. B. Haw-thorne, D. D., the pastor of the First Baptist Church of Atlanta, Georgia, preached in the First Baptist Church in Washington, D. C. On this occasion, Dr. Hawthorne chose for his text the words of the Saviour : " Render unto Cmsar the things that are Csar's, and unto God the things that are God's." The following paragraphs are from a report of his sermon, published in the Washington Post, of August 25 :Š We have the freest and best Govern-ment in the world, and yet it is sometimes oppressive, because it steps out of its own sphere to meddle with affairs that belong exclusively to the realm of religion. We boast of having a land where Church and State are completely dissevered, but our boast is not literally and absolutely true. The things that are Csar's are sometimes mixed in with the things that are God's; and- those unlawful and unhallowed com-plications result from our lack of under-standing as to the relations which should ever exist between religion and the State. It is our duty to obey the powers that be, except when the powers that be interfere with the discharge of our obligation to the kingdom of Christ. The function of the State is simply to protect men in the exercise of their nat-ural rights, and the encouragement there-by, of all good conduct in earthly affairs. All questions of religious duty are above the reach of the State's control, and should be left to God and his providence, to the Saviour and his people, and to the power of truth and love, acting upon the un-trammeled conscience. The State has the right to provide for its own protection and perpetuity. It has the right to re-move ignorance by providing for the edu-cation of the people; and it has the right to restrain . . . vice, on the ground that ignorance and vice endanger the very ex-istence of the State. But when it goes further than that and attempts to estab-lish or foster any form of religious belief or worship, it steps upon forbidden ground, and. violates the very rights of man which it was instituted to protect. The work of the Church is spiritual. Its legitimate authority is spiritual, and only spiritual. The work of the Church 