220 AA/MIMIC:1,4W SimN-97INEIT, VoL. 11, No. 28. be driven farther in the name of Christian endeavor. Let it be remembered that the Christian is necessarily a good citizen; but a good citizen may not be a Christian at all. The produc-tion of good citizens out of bad ones is a nec-essary result of the work of the gospel in this world; but as the gospel works only through faith, which is a voluntary exercise, its aim is something entirely different from the pres-ervation of public peace and order. Civil force, and that alone, is adapted to this end, proceeding without any reference to individ-ual belief or volition. Thus the spheres of religion and of the State are entirely distinct. For the latter to enter, with its civil force, the domain of the former, is to attempt to drive men across the impossible gulf between the sinner and God, which is bridged only by Jesus Christ, and can be crossed only by faith in him. Political methodsŠthe machinery of civil governmentŠmust operate through force. Forced action is not of faith; and " whatso-ever is not of faith is sin." Hence civil power operating in the sphere of religion can only manufacture sin. s. CIVIL VS. RELIGIOUS PROHIBITION. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL believes in pro-hibition as the proper method of dealing with the traffic in intoxicating drinks. But it be-lieves in prohibition as a civil and not a relig-ious act. It would restrain the liquor traffic as a foe of human rights, on the same prin-Ciple that it would restrain the violence which naturally grows out of intemperance. It does not believe in licensing dogs to bite or thieves to steal. And it would prohibit these on all days of the week for the same reason that it would prohibit them on any one day. Deal-ing with the evil on a civil basis, no other course could be taken. It is only on the re-ligious basis that a compromise is being effected which allows the liquor traffic al-most full liberty during six sevenths of the week. Prohibition upon merely one day of the week, that day being the "Christian sabbath," is a religious act, and must be justified, if at all, on religious grounds. But the facts, which call for prohibitionŠthe violence, misery, and ruin produced by alcoholic drinksŠare not religious facts, but secular facts. The demand for prohibition arises from a secular source. The reasons which justify it are civil reasons. To shift the question to the ground of religion is unreasonable, unjust, and cal-culated only to confuse the issue in the minds of the people. As well might we compromise with any other crime on the basis of Sunday prohibi-tion, as with that of inciting men to commit violence by means of intoxicating drink. s. Ł lŁ Ł  APPEALING FROM THE SUPREME COURT. THE " Washington Ministers' Union (col-ored) has issued a protest respecting the re-' cent United States Supreme Court decision upholding the Louisiana separate car system for colored persons. The ministers say:Š We feel it a duty to protest against both the Louis-iana statute and the sanction of it by the Supreme Court; (1) as an injustice; (2) as a violation of per-sonal rights; (3) as a thrust at the legal equality guar-anteed by the Declaration of Independence and the Fifteenth Amendment. The union appeals from the:decision of the  Supreme Court to the bar of God, and pays a compliment to Justice Harlan, who alone dissented from the view of the court. It is well to have the truth brought before the American people that even the Supreme Court of the nation is not the final tribunal to which appeal may be made for right and justice. The Dred Scott decision of this same court was appealed to the people; and had this ap-peal failed, there would still have been left the appeal to that Court which never errs in its rulings,Šthe tribunal where God is Judge. No question is settled until it is settled rightly. To that court our forefathers ap-pealed when they declared independence from Great *Hain. To that _court the martyrs Łhave appealed from the condemnation which has sent them forth from earthly tribunals to their death. And when all questions shall have been adjudicated in strict conformity with truth and right, by Him who is "Judge of all the earth," many decisions which have had apparently the highest human sanction will be found to be forever overruled and reversed. s. SPREADING BLUE LAWS.' THE " blue law" tyranny has invaded the town of Westfield, N. J. A " Sunday Ob-servance League" has been formed in the place, composed of members of the Methodist, Presbyterian, and Baptist churches. In an-ticipation of the transaction of business on Sanday, July 5, by liverymen, barbers, and sellers of fruit and confectionery, soda-water, cigars, etc., the league sent to all the business men of the place the following notice:Š Dear Sir: It has been a matter of public comment for some time past that the laws prohibiting the sale of all classes of merchandize on Sunday have been flagrantly violated by the storekeepers of West-field. No doubt in most instances this is due to thought-lessness, and not with vicious intent. The Sunday Observance League of this town has been formed with a view to requiring a compliance with the laws, and this letter is written to request that you take the nec-essary steps to carry out the provisions of the laws --that is, that you cease selling or delivering any commodities on Sunday, as the law prohibits the sale or delivery of any merchandize, or article of ware, on that day. We wish it, however, to be understood that, in cases where this violation is continued, this society is-<prepared to prosecute the offenders by process of law. Yours truly, SUNDAY OBSERVANCE LEAGUE OF WESTFIELD, N. J. ROBERT JOHNSTON, Secretary. On being interviewed, a number of those who were served with the notice and had failed to comply with the same, said: "What are we going to do if they arrest us? Well, we're going to fight. We'll test the law, and, if it's valid, we'll make the Jersey Central stop running trains through here on Sunday, and we'll close up everything, undertaker shops and all, and we'll see how that goes. If they mean business, we do." This of course is but a sample of what is being done in very many cities and towns all over the land. It affords a cheap way of pos-ing as a moral person, and is taken advantage of by many who feel that some bolster to their moral standing in the public eye would not come amiss. It is this sort of general fight which is stirred up everywhere by the Sunday-law leagues, under the mistaken im-pression that they are doing gospel work. The gospel of the lowly Nazarene does not seize men by the throat, but it draws and wins them by the power of love. c. THE POPE INVITED TO "UNITY" WITH THE GREEK CHURCH. As noted recently in our columns, not much progress, apparently at least, is being made in the direction of " Christian unity'" upon the plan proposed by the Papacy. Pope Leo's recent appeal to the Christian world for unity on this basis has been received with some favor by certain " Protestant " bodies, but has called forth a counterblast from the Greek Church, over the signatures of the Greek Patriarch at Constantinople and his bishops. This has been translated into Eng-lish, and is being circulated in Anglican and Catholic countries to check the influence of the Pope's appeal. The letter asserts that reunion is possible only by a return to the orthodoxy of the first nine centuries, and of the first seven ecu-menical councils; in other words, to the point where the Eastern and Western churches separated. It sets forth that the Eastern church remained orthodox, and that conse-quently, instead of that church returning to Rome, the Pope and his flock must return to the Eastern church, if reunion is ever to take place. The Roman Papacy invites dissenting " Christendom " to unite under its standard; the tl reek Papacy invites the Roman Papacy and all the churches to unite with it; and a fast-developing American Papacy is endeavor-ing to rally the religious world to a unity of endeavor in behalf of an institution of " the church,"Šthe man-made sabbath. On the basis of zeal for this institution, all three papacies can join hands; they can come into " Christian unity." It was instituted by "the church" before the Eastern and Western di-visions arose, and is held by Protestants as divine in nature and of binding obligation. The religious world will not be slow in per-ceiving where the only ground for union lies. But meanwhile there is, and will be, true Christian unity among the followers of Jesus Christ. Led by one Spirit, they will not walk at variance with each other. The " narrow path" which leads to life eternal affords no room for walking in any other way than in the closest union. Christian union is of God, not of man. It does not exclude diversity, but it does exclude dissension. It excludes self-exaltation. He who is willing to humble himself and be taught of God, will be led into perfect Christian unity with the true Christian church, which is the body of Christ. s. THE GOVERNMENT OF ISRAEL. [Present Truth, London, Eng.] THE government of ancient Israel, when it came up out of Egypt, was a theocracy, tha is, a government directly ordered by God. There was no legislative department. There were even no legislators. Moses himself, their chief and leader, was not a legislator. Moses never made a law. The so-called " Laws of Moses" were received by him directly from God. Moses had no voice in making them. He had no option as to the enforcement of them. Moses was not a " law-giver," he was a receiver of the law, and that only. God alone was the law-giver. The seventy elders were not a legislature. They never made any laws. Moses and the seventy elders were commanded to administer and enforce only the laws which God had given them for Israel. As regards this the direc- 