14 VoL. 11, No. 2. said: " But this I confess unto thee, that after the way which they call heresy, so worship I the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law and in the proph-ets." The unbelieving Jews professed to be-lieve the law and the prophets, but they did not; for had they done so, they would have believed in Jesus. It was because of their fidelity to the word of God that so many suffered death at the hands of papal Rome during the days of her power and supremacy. Like the Jews, this church has professed to be the guardian of, and believer in the word; but it has not been, else it would not have destroyed those, like the Waldenses and Albigenses, who believed in it, and persecuted those who sought to give it to the people in a tongue in which they could understand it. If any would know why there is so little persecution among the many millions of pro-fessed Christians of to-day, the answer is at hand. It is because there is so little strict adherence to the plain teaching of the Word of God. Another has well said: "Let there be a revival of the faith and power of the early church, and the spirit of persecution will be revived. and the fires of persecution will be rekindled." Let men do what God has said, and they will soon feel the hand of persecution, for the devil is not dead. THE PERSECUTION OF THE RUSSIAN QUAKERS. [Review of Reviews for December.] IN-  the Contemporary Review Count Tolstoi tells in brief the story of the persecution which has befallen the Dookhobortzy, who may be described as a kind of Russian Quakers, and who are now being harried by the Russian government because they refuse to bear arms. The following is the substance of the story which Count Tolstoi has to tell:Š " The Dookhobortzy settled in the Caucasus have been subjected to cruel persecutions by the Russian authorities; and these persecu-tions, described in the report of one who made inquiries on the spot. are now, at this moment, happening. These Dookhobortzy were beaten, whipped, and ridden down; Cossacks were quartered upon them in executions,' who, it is proved, allowed themselves every license with these people; and everything they did was with the consent of their officers. Those men who had refused military service were tortured, in body and in mind; and it is en-tirely true that a prosperous population, who by tens of years of hard toil had created their own prosperity, were expelled from their homes and settled, without land and with-out means of subsistence, in the Georgian vil-lages. " The cause of these persecutions is, that for certain reasons three-fourths of the Dook-hobortzy (that is about 15,000 people, their whole population being about 20,000) have this year returned with renewed force and earnestness to their former Christian profes-sion, and have resolved to comply in practice with Christ's law of non-resistance to evil by violence. This decision has caused them, on one hand, to destroy all their weapons, which are considered so needful in the Caucasus, thus renouncing the principle of fighting, and putting themselves at the mercy of every ma-rauder; and, on the other hand, to refuse, under all circumstances, participation in acts of force which may be demanded from them by the government; which means that they must refuse service in the army or elsewhere that violence is used. The government could  not permit such a desertion of the duties es-tablished by law on the part of so many thou-sands of people, and a struggle broke out. The government demands compliance with its requirements; the Dookhobortzy do not obey. AN ENGLISH VIEW OF IT. [The Star, London, Dec. 3, 1895.] THE Present Truth is the organ of the Inter-national Tract Society, Limited, which is one of the publishing branches of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination, which holds that the true Sabbath is Saturday, the seventh day of the week, and not Sunday, the first. The Present Truth people, therefore, rest on Saturday and work on Sunday. Now the Factory Act forbids the employment of women and young persons on Sunday, and the only exemption which it dispenses is in the case of Jews, who are passed over if they sign a special exemption form. The Present Truth con-scientiously objected to sign this Jewish ex-emption form because it is Christian and not Jewish,and for six years the factory inspectors let it print in peace, recognizing the patent fact that it kept the law in spirit if not in letter. The other day, however, some new broom came along, and swept the Present Truth before a magistrate, who fined it. It having refused to pay the fines, the bailiffs descended on it, confiscated all they could lay their hands on, including the engine; wherefore the Present Truth is like soon to be the Past Truth. This is about the say-agest instance we ever saw of the injustice of justice, and we hope that Sir Matthew White Ridley will make restitution as swiftly as may be. Ł SUNDAY AND THE SALOONS. THE German-Americans of this city, have, it is said, " hit upon a solution of the Sun-day exci,e question that meets the approval of the special committee of the Chamber of Com-merce, Dr. Parkhurst, Carl Schurz, Oswold Ottendorfer, and Rev. Dr. Rainsford. The plan, according to the World of the 2nd inst., is to amend the present Sunday excise law, by adding:Š In cities of the first and second class the proprietor of a restaurant who has been duly licensed to sell strong or spirituous liquors, wines, ale or beer may sell on Sunday to his guests such beverages to be drunk by the purchasers on the licensed premises with their meals, but not at or in front of the bar, and he may also sell beer, ale and mineral waters to be drunk off the licensed premises on Sunday from 12 to 2 o'clock in the afternoon and from 6 to 8 o'clock in the evening. This gives every saloon-keeper who is will-ing to serve his customers with something to eat, the right to sell upon Sunday, and allows beer to be sold within certain hours to be taken away and consumed elsewhere. It re-mains to be seen how well this will satisfy friends of Sunday sacredness. Restricting the sale of liquor to certain hours upon Sunday does indeed make a legal dis-tinction between that and other days of the week, but is it such a distinction as will fully satisfy those who are determined to exalt Sun-day as the Sabbath. It will perhaps be re-membered by our readers that in a sermon preached in Grace Church, this city, by Wm. R. Huntington, D. D., and published in the Pulpit for October, that gentleman said:Š Some are under the impression, naturally enough, but most erroneously, that it is the so-called "temper- ance question" with which we are called to deal. Others are persuaded that the principle at stake is the all-important one of the supremacy of law, the duty of the sworn officers of the State to enforce the State's decree. But this latter question has for the moment, at any rate, thank God, been set at rest. We are no longer pestered by the vicious proposition that laws are enacted rather with a view to silencing the mur-murs of the good, than for the purpose of restraining the passions of the bad. . . Ł Equally evident is it, when we look facts in the face, that it is not the temperance question which is now at stake, for no one can pretend that even the complete suppression of the sale of intoxicants. if con-fined to a single day of the week, could settle that. Temperance legislation, if it would be properly so-called, must aim at covering all days. No, the question really at the fore is the Sunday question. An attack is making upon the immunities of the weekly rest, as those immunities have been de-fined by usage and by public law. It so happens that in this particular case the hostile movement has sprung up in the quarter known as " the liquor inter-est," and that is what is confusing people's minds; but there are other points of the compass from which the assault might just as naturally have come. The simple truth of the matter is that Sunday is all the while in the position of a beleaguered fortress. This is a plain statement of the plain truth. Doubtless in the minds of some the question is one of excise, but the rallying cry of the so-called reformers in the last campaign was the preservation of the " Christian sabbath." This was made one of the planks in the plat-form of one of the great political parties, and upon that platform it went to the people and was victorious; not indeed in the city but in the State as a whole. The issue is there-fore clearly the maintenance of Sunday as a religious institution; and inasmuch as its friends claim that it should be enforced by civil law, it is difficult to see how they can consistently consent to the proposed amend-ment to the excise law. Those who do not believe that Sunday is a proper subject of leg-islation and hold that the liquor traffic should be prohibited on all days simply because it is a menace to life and property, and because it burdens the State with the support of crim-inals and insane people, will watch with in-terest the fight which is now sure to ensue between the advocates of Sunday selling and those who demand prohibition on Sunday only. TEAT the prosecution of seventh-day ob-servers for Sunday work is not prompted by zeal for " the law," but by personal animosity, is shown by the display of this spirit on the part of the prosecutors in nearly every case. Either there is some feeling of personal spite, or a marked opposition of religious views, behind the proceedings in almost every in-stance. Wise legislation will cut off, rather than provide, opportunities for the exercise of the baser instincts of human nature to the harm of good and honest citizens. WHAT is the meaning of the warlike spirit which, in the guise of patriotism, is giving rise to the formation of "Boys' Brigades" and the like ? Is this one of the evidences that we are a " Christian nation"? Is Christ the prince of war, as well as of peace ? He cannot be both, for the terms are contradic-tory; and we know that he is the " prince of peace." The prince of war is a very different being. PROSECUTION of the Adventists is wrong. By love, not the sword, or jail, God intends to conquer the world, and the very semblance of oppression against the weak savors of the reign of terror and religions fanaticism of the Dark Ages.Š Union Republican, Winston, N. C,, Aug. 8. 