ME1RICAN SENTINEL. 137 to be devoted exclusively to a charitable or religious pur-pose, shall be punished by fine not less than $50 and not exceeding $500 for each offense; but nothing in this sec-tion shall be held to prohibit the manufacture and dis-tribution of steam, gas or electricity for illuminating purposes, heat or motive power, nor the distribution of water for fire or domestic purposes; nor the use of the telegraph or the telephone, nor the retail sale of drugs and medicines, nor articles ordered by the prescription of a physician, nor mechanical appliances used by physi-cians or surgeons, nor the letting of horses and carriages, nor the letting of yachts and boats, nor the running of steam ferry boats on established routes, or of street rail-way cars, nor the preparation, printing and publishing of newspapers, nor the sale and delivery of newspapers, nor the wholesale or retail sale and delivery of milk, nor the transportation of milk, nor the making of butter and cheese, nor the keeping open of public bathhouses, nor the making or selling by bakers or their employes of bread or other food usually dealt in by them, before 10 o'clock in the morning, and between the hours of 4 o'clock and half-past 6 o'clock in the evening/. Whoever conscien-tiously believes that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and actually refrains from secular business and labor on that day, shall not be liable to the penalties of this section, for performing secular business and labor on the Lord's day, if he dis-turbs no other person. It will be noticed that of the four classes of individ-uals specified in the petition as conspicuous violators of the law, twoŠdruggists and newsdealersŠare among those whose business the law permits. The explanation of this is not difficult. The object of the Endeavorers is to stop Sunday desecration, of which open drug stores and news depots are, in their view, as real examples as any tobe found. What the law may specify as permissi-ble on Sunday is with them a minor consideration. Their object is not to enforce the law, as it is, but to stop Sun-day business by means of the law; and they will have it amended or construed, if possible, to suit their purpose. Zeal for Sunday is wont to clothe itself in the guise of zeal for law. The Worcester Daily Telegram of the 13th ult., re-ports that Chief Drennan, of the Worcester police, has caused the petition and Sunday law to be published, with this notice to the citizens DEPARTMENT OF POLICE. Worcester, February 11. The following petition has this day been received at these headquarters. An abstract of the same was pub-lished in the newspapers a few days ago, and I have al-ready taken action on the same. Any inroads on the sa-credness of the New England sabbath in violation of law cannot be permitted. Ignorance of the provisions of law is no justification for its violation; in order, however, that all may be familiar with the law regarding observ-ance of the Lord's day, I have caused chapter 434 of the Acts of 1895 to be published in the daily papers. JAMES M. DRENNAN, Chief of Police. It will be seen from this that Chief Drennan considers it to be the duty of the police to "guard the sacredness  of the New England sabbath." He views the "sacred-ness" of that institution as being of a kind that can be guarded by the police. There will be "inroads " made upon it if certain kinds of business are allowed to proceed on that day. But these "inroads," according to the pe-tition, have been going on for a long time already. Yet this notice is put forth on the assumption that its ﬁsacredness" is stilLint act. It is also assumed that the "New England Sabbath" is the " Lord's day." This of course is a theological question, and due allowance must be made for a police officer when he undertakes to handle such subjects. But it seems too bad that the Christian Endeavorers should force city officials not appointed to office with any refer-ence to their theological qualifications, to make a show of themselves in this direction. To a reporter for the Telegram, the chairman of the "good citizenship committee," by whom the petition was drawn up, said: "We are waiting to see if Chief of Police Drennan does anything about the matter, and if not we will take up the cudgels and with the assistance of our attorney will bring cases into court ourselves." And all this is doneŠostensiblyŠin the name of Him who never invoked the civil arm or made use of earthly power to advance his cause. Would it not be well for those Christian Endeavorers and Epworth Leaguers to become better acquainted with Jesus Christ? Sunday Labor Not Compulsory. IN a letter to the Golden Rule for January 28, Rev. W. F. Crafts, one of the foremost champions of Sunday laws, objects to the idea that Christians might be " com-pelled to work on the Sabbath," and says that "when Christians count it a sufficient excuse for not doing right that it would cost something, and a sufficient reason for doing wrong that it will pay, we cannot expect vic-tories." True; and that is just the reason the cause of Chris-tianity cannot be advanced by legislation. " We cannot expect victories" so long as "Christians" have not prin-ciple enough to do what they believe to be right, without having laws to make it easy for them to do so. Mr. Crafts adds :Š " But it would seem that in our day God does not intend that those who keep his day shall even suffer financial loss. I have searched the world over to find one who has lost by bravely refusing to do Sunday work. I have found many who gained, but only one case of serious loss, even from an earthly standpoint." Well, then, what is the use of all this talk that is heard about the necessity of Sunday laws to give the poor workingman a chance to obey God? If he is not to suffer even financial loss by keeping Sunday as a matter of religious principle, what more can be asked for him? Why not let every Christian act from principle, and settle the question in that way? Is it not better 