AMPtzICAN SENTIN'tt. to be the immediate need, that the differ-ent denominations may be preserved from each other. Organization is necessary. Religion must be syndicated. Thus only can the Church gain and hold the civil and political power which its leaders covet. To become a political factor, and unite for the enforcement of religious laws and foreign policy, it must enter into pol-itics. That its political faith may be as-sertained, it must be put into wordsŠinto the form of a political creedŠa political platform. A writer for the Christian Advocate, of New York, has done this for one denomination. He has presented the "political platform of the Methodist Epis-copal Church," with twelve planks, on " Questions of Policy ;" " Prohibition ;" " Corrupt Elections; " " City Govern- ment ;" "Civil Service Reform;" "Protec-tion of the Negro; " " Capitol and Labor ;" " The Chinese;" " The American Sab-bath ;" " Church and State ;" " Roman-ism;" "Public Schools." Is this the way in which church unity is to be brought about ? Will the differ-ent denominations formulate their polit-ical creeds, and these be accommodated to-gether until one religio-political platform is the result? Then will all the churches take their stand upon this,Ša unit as re-gards religious laws and State policy ? But when organized church unity is se-cured after this pattern, that which the Catholic Review says of it will be true :Š If the Church is an organized body which we know it is, then it must have a head and centre of unity. That head must be the mouthpiece of the body through which all its principles and teach-ings are communicated. In a word it must have just a head as our Lord established in his Church and as she always has had from the very begin-ningŠfrom St. Peter to Leo XIII. now happily reigning. Hence there is no assumption in insert-ing that the Catholic Church is the only true ex-ponent and embodiment of orthodox Christianity at the present time. That which the Catholic Review here says is necessarily true of a political church organized to be a factor in politics. So they are all of one mind, and church unity is even now in view. W. H. M. Render Unto Caesar. [This earnest and breezy presentation of sound legislative principles and religious truth is pub-lished under the above title by the New York World of October 3, in the column devoted to the views of women as to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair.] THE following writer shows her free American spirit and attacks the action of Congress:Š To the Editor of The World: The Government has no right at all to legislate upon religious matters. Reli-gious subjects are entirely between man and his God. Christ, our great lawgiver, said, " Render therefore unto Caesar powers] the things that be Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." The World's Fair has to do with civil powers decidedly, religious subjects with God. When first the Sunday closing movement was agitated it was spoken of as a civil rest day; now it blooms out as the sacred " American Sabbath." It (Sun-day) may be the American SabbathŠfor it certainly is not the day set apart as sacred in Eden, nor the day the Israel-ites in the wilderness were bid to keep holy, nor the day Christ and each of the apostles kept holy " according to the commandment," and, therefore, the Amer-ican Nation can not make it holy or sa-cred. Only God can do that. He says,  " Remember the seventh day to keep it holy." He never said, " The first day is the American Sabbath, therefore keep it holy." The Americans who wish to make unto themselves a day of rest, not appointed by the Creator of days, can do so if they wish, but they have no right by legislation to selfishly deprive those who will not think as they do of the pleas-ure and recreation which would be theirs on the first day of the week if the World's Fair was open to all who wished to at-tend. What or who will prevent those who choose from staying indoors or attending church on Sundays ? As well may a law be made to enforce their attendance at the Fair on Sundays as one to prevent those who wish to attend 1 The treaty with Tripoli, under George Washington, made in 1797, read as follows: " The Govern-ment of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion," and yet not one century has passed before the Government is asked to make a law affecting the very thing that that treaty was intended to prevent. When once civil government takes to legislating upon any one religious subject there will be no limit to the power it may exercise, and the result will be the union of Church and State that has so long cursed Europe. Therefore, I protest most energetically against closing the Fair on any day by law. Let the Managers of the Fair set-tle that matter, but let the Government confine itself to the secular matters of the State, which is its proper function. ELEANOR BEAVAN. Political Religion and Religious Politics. THE London dailies publish the follow- ing among their cable news from this city :Š The question of the Sunday opening or closing of the Chicago World's Fair is destined to play no inconsiderable part in the coming political cam-paign in the United States. The advocates of the open Sunday propose to leave no stone unturned to undo the work of the Sunday closers in the last session of the Congress. The movement in fact is in the hands of old campaigners of both political faiths, and from present indications the fight will be made before election. Petitions by the thousand are already being cir-culated. The various trade and labor organiza-tions have suspended hostilities, where hostilities existed, to join hands in favor of a repeal of the obnoxious clause in the appropriation bill which requires that the World's Fair should be closed on the first day of the week. German societies by the hundred have signified their intention to work to the same end, and many of the more liberal Christian denominations have promised their sup-port. The modus operandi of the anti-Sunday closers is a simple one. In every congressional district from Maine to California petitions will be circulated for signatures. It is the intention to ob-tain a majority of the voters in each district as signers of these petitions, and before election day the fact of this expression of opinion will be made forcibly apparent to the rival candidates for con-gressional honors. According to the statements of the leaders of the labor organizations, there appears to be no question that a majority of the voters will sign these petitions. Such a demonstration of their theories of political religion, and religion in poli-tics, as this, would be more thap. the ad-vocates of Sunday closing by legislative'  trickery and political influence, have bar-gained for. Nevertheless they' should have realized that it would be the neces-sary result of the course upon which they have entered. They have authority which they can not gainsay for the truth that "they who take the sword shall perish with the sword." It would seem that if they believed this assertion of the Master  they would hesitate to invoke the aid of the sword of the civil law. In this polit-ical combat over the enforcement of reli-gious forms the spirit of true religion is sure to be entirely blotted from the hearts of the combatants. This is certain. Po-litical religion will triumph, but only for a time. This also is certain; and then the end comes. Congress and Christianity. [The scales have fallen from the eyes of the Christian Register; it now sees the danger in-volved in the action of Congress on Sunday clos-ing at the World's Fair; the Register's tongue is loosed, too, and it speaks definitely and clearly. Hear it!] THE American Unitarian Association let slip a great opportunity to put itself on record on the right side, when it took action in regard to the Sunday opening of the Columbian Exposition. Without any reference to what should be the proper decision of that question, the true ground would have been that Congress has no right whatever to pass special laws in favor of religion in any form. Be-fore the law and Constitution of the United States, Jew and Gentile, Chris-tian and pagan, stand with equal rights. It is a wonder that no one of us thought of it at the time. It is a wonder that, when opinion was divided as to what recommendation we should make to Con-gress, no one was wise enough to arise, and say that the whole scheme was for-eign to the temper of Unitarianism and the spirit of our Government. We have been consistent heretofore in our opposi-tion to the attempt to legislate Chris-tianity into the Constitution of the United States; and now, unthinkingly, we fall into the trap set by the adversary of re-ligious liberty, and go on record with the request to Congress that it shall take ac-tion in regard to the observance of the Christian Sunday. Are we mistaken when we say that the mere mention of this fact will convince all our readers that we might have taken higher ground in our May meeting? The question is likely to come up in our autumnal meetings. Let us fall back upon our record and fun-damental principle, and say that all special legislation by Congress in regard to Christianity or any of its institutions, except to declare liberty of conscience to all men, is foreign to the spirit of our in-stitutions. We see what has come of such legislation. Could anything be more pitiful than the readiness of habit-ual Sabbath breakers to put themselves on record, for political purposes, as being in favor of the " Christian Sabbath " ? The precedent is a dangerous one. Once let the question as to Christianity come before Congress; and who does not see that there is definite danger that a majority of senators and representatives will vote that Christianity is the law of the land, that this is a Christian Nation, and that we are bound to support by law Christian principles and to forbid un-christian practices ? If, through inadvertence, we have slipped away from our well-defended post, let us make haste to renew our vigilance. There can be no doubt that every advo-cate of " Christianity in the Constitution" has taken courage at his success in vindi-cating the honor of the " Christian Sab-bath " by voting a restriction on the loan granted to the Columbian Exposition. There can be no doubt that the next step will be taken with greater confidence and. 