THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 47 which the Constitution of the United States is but the outgrowth, was based upon the Self-evident truth that " all men are created equal, and endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness?" Perhaps he has read that statement without knowing what it means. It means that in this country the laws must give equal protec-tion to all; it means that the powerful majority must not pass laws to suit their own conven-ience, regardless of the rights of the feeble minority. The Declaration of Independence is founded upon the principles of justice, and justice works n6' hardships to a man simply because , he is in the minority. A law that works injustice to a single individual is an unjust ,law. We can tell exactly how to avoid inflicting a haraship upon the minority who observe Saturday ; do not enact Sunday laws. " But this would not meet the minds of the major-: ity." Perhaps, not; but it would not hinder the majority from keeping Sunday, and why should one man be compelled to do a thing which he does not want to do,*simply because two other men wish to do it? The injustice of such a proceeding is the more marked when we learn that the two can do what they want to, whether the one does it or not. But reasoning will have no effect to stop a proceeding which outrages reason. Just be-cause there can be no just reason produced for laws enforcing the observance of Sunday, or any other religious ordinance, those who are committed to the enactment of such laws will carry them through. We write with the hope of increasing the number of the minor-ity who will at least protest. What Sophistry! WHEN we consider the course of action marked out by the National Reform Associa-tion, and the object at which they are aiming, and compare them with their avowed state-ments that the success of their work will not produce a union of Church and State and bring about religious persecutions, we are all led to exclaim, What sophistry I In a pamphlet published by the association we find that Article 2 of their Constitution reads thus : "The object of this society shall be to obtain such an amendment of the Constitu-tion of the United States as shall suitably ac-knowledge Almighty God as the source of all power and authority in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and the revealed will of God as of supreme author-ity in civil affairs." The Christian Statesman, the organ of the association, also declares that one object for which they are working is to " place all the Christian laws, institutions and usages of our Government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." Mark their statements : " The Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations; " "the re-vealed will of God as of supreme authority in civil affairs ; " " all the Christian laws " on a " legal basis in the fundamental law of the and." It is indeed surprising and not a little  amusing to hear any organization put forth such statements as the foregoing, and then watch their ebullitions of apparent indignation when we tell them their work will produce a union of Church and State. We have never heard them say so, but it is quite evident from their platform that if they are not work-ing for a union of Church and State, they mean to have it all Church and no State. Perhaps that is a secret of the organization as yet in the background. There is one point that we cannot get clear in our mind, and that is, If the Reform party succeeds in setting all Christian laws and usages on a legal basis in the law of the land, do they not also intend to enforce them by civil power? And if they do not intend to enforce them by civil poWer, why put them on the basis of civil law'? Again we ask, Why ? If Christian laws are enfOrced by civil en-actment, there is no reasoning that can show that such a condition would not be a union of Church and State. Sophistry might think to show differently; but unsound reasoning has no blushes, and what it lacks in reasoning it makes up in bombast and ridicule. Let the leaders of the movement step forward and tell us why they want " all Christian laws " on a civil basis if they do not mean to inflict civil punishment upon the transgressors of those laws ? And if they do want to inflict civil punishment upon the transgressor of Christian laws, how is it, then, that the Church is not in union with the State. The Church decides the penalty, and the State inflicts it. If this is not a union of the two, will some one kindly show us wherein is the disunion ?, Some more of this sophistry is shown in the following : Pres. J. B. McMichael, D. D., of Monmouth, Ill., made the following signif-icant statement: "To kiss Him (the Son) in any other way than through the regenerated hearts of its citizens, the nation wouldn't sur-vive the wrath of God an hour longer than though it hadn't kissed Him at all." To which the Rev. M. A. Gualt replied through the Statesman : " There is no one proposing to have the nation kiss Him in any other way than through the regenerated hearts of its citizens, except you and other enemies of National Reformers, who persist in thus mis-representing the movement in order to excite opposition to it. The movement is laboring to first educate in the minds and hearts of the people submission to Christ; and it does not want the national confession until it comes through the regenerated hear_ toe people." This is only a sample of their sarcastic indig-nation. Laying aside the sarcasm, let us ap-ply a little reasoning and see how it comes out. We fully agree with President McMich-, ael. But if, as Mr. Gault says, the National Reform does not propose " to have the nation kiss Him in any other way than through the regenerated hearts of its citizens," why have the Christian laws on a. legal basis in the law of the land? Will not the regenerated hearts obey all the requirements of God's word with- out being forced by civil authority ? If a man is regenerated in fact and not in name only, he surely will. Then wherein is the need of  having the Christian laws on a civil basis? In place of uselessly spending our time,and talent trying to legislate the "Lord Jesus Christ" into the position of "ruler of nations" in this world, would it not be well to listen and give heed to some of Christ's own words? "My kingdom is not of this world; if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews; but now is my kingdom not from hence." John 18 : 36. To undertake to legislate Christ into the position of king of the nations of this world, when God in his word has given us such plain statements as the above, would be the most absurd folly. It would be as foolish as the action of France during the " Reign of Terror," when they passed a law that there was no God. Yet God existed, and still exists, the French law to the contrary notwithstanding. And when Christ has expressly said, "My kingdom is not of this world," can finite man legislate to the contrary, and cause the Son of God to acquiesce in opposition to what he has so pos-itively and plainly declared? 0 sophistry, where is thy blush ! A. 0. TAIT. Time to Renew. PLEASE examine the address label on your SENTINEL and if itŁ reads June or July please send us your renewal this week. Our terms are, cash in advance, only fifty cents per year, or if you will send us two new subscriptions we will send you the paper one year free. Assorted Back Numbers., Now is the time to do missionary work with the AMERICAN SENTINEL. as most every-body is willing to read about the, Sunday Question, Constitutional Amendment, Na-tional Reform Party, etc. We will send assorted back numbers of the SENTINEL, post-paid, for $1.50 per hundred copies. Address, Pacific Press, Publishers,' Oakland, California. Religious Liberty, A SPEECH of the Hon. Robert H. Crockett, in the.  Arkansas Legislature, in behalf of a bill which he had introduced into the Legislature, granting im-munity from the penalty of the Sunday law, to those who observe the seventh-day Sabbath. The speech itself explains the situation which made the bill a necessity. We have compiled an eight-page tract from the speech as it appeared in the Signs and AMERICAN SENTINEL (April number) and will send the tract, post-paid, for $1.00 per hundred copies, or that issue of the SENTINEL at three cents per copy. Ad-' dress, PACIFIC PRESS, Publishers, Oakland, Cal. Sentinel Tracts. TIIE Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal., has just issued some new tracts treating upon the subjects d:scussed in the AMERICAN SENTINEL, which they will send, post-paid, at the rate of one cent for each eight pages. Religious Liberty, 8 pages; National,Reform is Church and State, 16 pp. ; The Republic of 'Israel, 8 pp. ; Purity of National Religion, 8 pp.; What Think Ye of Christ? 8 pp.; Religious Legislation, 8 pp.; The American Papacy, 8 pp. ; National Reform and the Rights of Conscience, 16 pp. ; Bold and Base Avowal, 16 pp. ; National Reform Movement an Absurdity, 16 pp. ; The Salem Witchcraft, 8 pp. ; National Re-form Constitution and the American Hierarchy, 24 pages. 