228 A.1VIC IHARIC 12N .11.al\LE,11_, VOL. 11, No. 29. means that the individual shall be complete in Christ,Šthat through the Spirit of Christ which is to dwell in him and animate him, he will enjoy that perfect freedom which means the liberty to fulfill every desire, with the ap-proving judgment of a perfect mind. It means independence for each one, yet perfect harmony for all, because all are animated by that one Spirit which proceeds from the Father and the Son. Who that loves the freedom which God has given to him, as to every man, would wish for " unity " by incorporation with a religious despotism? Who that values those mental powers with which the Creator has endowed him, can be willing to surrender to a man the right to use them,Šin other words, the right to think for himself, when the Almighty him-self demands no such surrender? The fact that the Creator has endowed man with reas-oning faculties, is prima fade evidence that it is not in his purpose to forbid the exercise of the same in all that which concerns man's highest interests. He himself says to man, " Come now, and let us reason together." Isa. 1:18. He came down and reasoned with Job. The Christian faith is not unreason-able. He who surrenders his right to think, sur-renders his very soul; for without the liberty to think and believe God's word for himself, no individual can have faith, and without faith he cannot be saved. The papacy invites all men to be joined to a human god, in the bondage of a spiritual slavery which involves the surrender of the soul. Christianity, on the other hand, invites every man to think, to believe, and to come into that Christian unity which is the unity of love for God, and for our fellowmen. s. WHERE " REFORM " SHOULD BEGIN. IN a denunciation of the Sunday newspaper, by Hon. John Charlton, member of the Ca-nadian Parliament (published in the Christian Work, of June 18, 1896), the following ref-erence is made to the responsibility of church members for the Sunday paper's in-roads upon the religious interests of the day :Š It is a question of deep importance as to the extent of the complicity of professing Christians in this great and growing evil. How large a proportion of church members in the United States in good and regular standing, habitually buy and read Sunday newspapers? How large a proportion of them put aside the Bible and all religious reading matter in order to wade through interminable columns of gossip, slander, de-scriptions of crimes, sporting news, police court news, and the prurient and filthy incidents that are served up to meet the demands of prurient and filthy tastes on the Lord's day? How large a proportion of the professing Christians in the United States gradually fall from the standard that the Bible prescribes down to the moral standard of the Sunday newspaper, and while they have a name to live in the churches, are morally and spiritually dead. No church member who is a reader of a Sunday newspaper is free from the great crime of being a supporter and abettor of the most pernicious and un-christian influence that exists in the United States, and sad as the case may seem, it is unquestionably a truth that the Sunday newspaper depends for its ex-istence upon the support of professing Christians. If every church member in the United States would refuse to buy or read Sunday newspapers; if every Christian man in the United States would refuse to advertise in the Sunday newspapers, the Sunday newspaper evil would speedily die an inglorious death. Then is it not perfectly evident that the reform movement which seeks to eliminate " the Sunday newspaper evil " should begin with the members of the church? The Hon. Mr. Charlton is not the only Sunday advocate who has broached this (to the churches) dis- agreeable topic. We have been told that but for the Sunday patronage of street railways by church members, this form of Sunday des-ecration would soon cease; and the patronage by the same class of Sunday-desecrating enter-prises at camp-meetings and other religious gatherings, is a fact which is not infrequently brought to public notice. Why then do not the churches begin at home the work for re-form in Sunday observance? What kind of Christian reform work can it be which instead of seeking to work a change of heart, passes by the heart and endeavors to eliminate wrong-doing by legislating tempta-tion out of the world? That is not the means by which Christ sought to make men righteous. If our "reformers" of to-day would preach re-form to the Church as much as they do to the State, if they would first seek to heal their own households before administering their medicines to those outside, their course would be much more reasonable and commendable than it is. s. FACTS VS. RIDICULE. A GOOD deal of ridicule has,, by the advocates of Sunday laws, been heaped upon all consti-tutional arguments against Sunday legislation; but why not answer the constitutional objec-tions rather than ridicule them, if they can be answered? It has been said that the various Supreme Court decisions touching this question are a sufficient answer. But are they? Of course such decisions show clearly the strength of re-ligious sentiment and its influence even upon Supreme Courts; but they by no means prove that such legislation is constitutional in the sense of being in harmony with the purpose and intent of the Federal Constitution or of the State constitutions containing similar guarantees of freedom of conscience. To understand the real purpose and intent of any constitution, we must, as Chief-Justice Waite remarked in 1878, go, not to recent decisions, but to the history of the times in which it was adopted, and give to the lan-guage of such constitution the meaning that it had at that time. By this rule we shall find that the First Amendment to the Federal Constitution was designed not only to make impossible the setting up of a State Church, but to forbid religious legislation, i. e., legis-lation upon religious questions. The term " religion " is not defined in the Constitution, but the Virginia Declaration of Rights, adopted in 1776, furnishes us a defi-nition as follows: " Religion, or the duty we owe to our Creator, and the manner of dis-charging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction," etc. This, then, is what the men who were largely instrumental in se-curing the adoption of the First Amendment to the National COnstitution meant by "relig-ion," and in the light of this definition that amendment would mean just what it was in-tended to mean, if it read, "Congress shall make no law regarding the duty which we owe to our Creator, or the manner of dis-charging it." That this is the meaning of the First Amendment is evident also from the fact that the exact language of the Virginia Bill of Rights was used in the form of the amend-ment proposed by three of the six States which proposed an amendment on this subject, namely, Virginia, North Carolina, and Rhode Island; while New Hampshire used equally unmistakable language, namely, " Congress shall make no law touching religion, or to in-fringe the rights of conscience." It was evi-dently the purpose of the several States to  utterly prohibit to Congress all legislation upon religious questions, and no number of decisions, even by the Supreme Court, can make it otherwise. This is not so much a question of law as of fact, to be tried by the jury of the people rather than by the Justices of our Supreme Courts. That the First Amendment to the Consti-tution was designed not only to keep Church and State separate in the sense of preventing an ecclesiastical establishment, but in the sense also of separating religion from the StateŠmaking the Government absolutely secular, is evident not only from the facts cited, but also from other considerations. In fact, this seems to have been the universal opinion until in recent years degenerate sons of noble fathers have sought to subvert the grand charter which those sires gave to their posterity. In 1797, Washington and his cabinet and the United States Senate declared in the Treaty with Tripoli: "The Government of the United States is not in any sense founded upon the Christian religion." It is, perhaps, not saying too much to assert that President Washington and his advisers were in a position, at least as to the point of time, to understand the intent of the Constitution very much better than the Supreme Court of to-day. They knew what it meant, for they helped to make it, and were familiar with the reasons for its adoption and for the adoption of the First Amendment; and it is perfectly evident that they did not see in it much that the Supreme Court has professed to find there. THE GREAT " ENDEAVOR " CONVENTION. BY ALLEN MOON. THERE is no denying the fact that a great deal of enthusiasm is displayed at these con-ventions, which, with the majority of people, would pass for true Christian zeal. Nor can the fact be concealed that the Endeavor Soci-ety consists of the very best element of the church of to-day. It is evident that many are seeking a higher spiritual life and character, and that this great movement is the result of the arousing of the nobler impulses of the soul by the touch of the Spirit of God. The Author of our divine religion and the Founder of the Church on earth, does not for-sake his people, although the Church through the errors brought into it from the heathen world, has lost its power in large measure, and is living on traditions rather than the living word of God. The Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor movement in its inception was an effort of the soul to break the chains of creed and ritual in which it had been bound, and soar into the free atmosphere of God's word and love. But alas, the work was not thorough, and those whose business has ever been to make merchandise of the church, seeing in the Endeavor movement an element of power, were filled with a desire to possess it. During the progress of the convention just closed, as well as those that have preceded it, the leaders of the Church-and-State party of this country have seized the reins and at-tempted to drive the entire procession into their own line. But their success has not yet been complete, and no doubt they would have had less of success if the earnest people of the society had fully known the logical result of the carrying out of the plans presented to them. Early in the program for the last conven- 