NOVEMBER 16, 1893. CA.NIN.9171IN101-40 355 their own fields, not disturbing anybody. They were put to jail, found guilty, and sent to prison. They were going to carry the case up, but the old man died in jail and so escaped further torment on earth for Christ's sake. The sons served out their time. What do you think of that ? Again, I want to say to the gentleman who has been pleading here for Christianity, for fairness, justice, and mercy for the heathen to-day, that I will give him facts, some from his own State. I am informedŠI can not bring the evidence, but if the statement is disputed I will try to prove it, or if I have been misinformed I will own upŠI am informed that twelve people are now under indict-ment in that State for Sabbath-breaking and one of them is a woman who is under indictment for having been seen through a window sewing in her own room in her own house on Sunday. MR. DALZELL. What State is that? MR. BOWERS, of California. The State of Mary-land. MR. RAYNER. There is no such case in Maryland. MR. BOWERS, of California. Very well; that is just what I was getting at. We have heard from Maryland now and the question is, was I misin-informed, or is the gentleman who lives there mis-informed ? I guarantee that I will either produce evidence of the correctness of my statement to the gentleman and to this House, or I will confess that I am in error. MR. RAYNER. We had a case there some years agoŠ ' MR. BOWERS, of California (interrupting). Have you not got laws that permit that sort of thing ? MR. RAYNER. I say we had a case there some years ago. MR. BOWERS, of California. Oh I I will not yield to you to make a speech because then they will call time on me. [Laughter.] Have you not got laws in Maryland that will permit that ? MR. RAYNER. We have the best Sabbath laws in Maryland of any State in the Union.* MR. BOWERS, of California. Mr. Speaker, I think that you and every right-minded man will pardon me, if not approve of my sentiments, when I say that I have the utmost contempt for that kind of piety which would produce such results, which depends upon the sheriff's club and the prison cell to propagate, sustain, and to enforce it. Such piety never emanated from a just God or from the Son of man. I think when you come to put your Christian charity at work you had better look at home. You look too far off. You had better call your missionaries home from China and send them to the bordering States to teach the religion of the meek and holy Jesus to your own people. [Laugh-ter.] What have the Chinamen to gain by giving up their religion for a religion that produces such results as I have described ? Anything ? But I must hasten on. Cant, hypocrisy, cruelty, these three masquerade under the mantle of Christianity to-day, as those three did under the cloak of the Pharisee when the Son of man walked on the earth. The discussion being still continued, October 14, Mr. Maguire, of California, said :Š Now, there has been some criticism and some complaint indulged concerning a remark made by my colleague, Mr. Geary, in relation to the peti-tions presented, by conferences and associations of ministers of religion throughout the country, to this body. I make the same objection to the attempts of these religious bodies to reinforce their perfectly proper personal petitions by appeals to the power and membership of their respective churches. I deny that any religious conference in this country, or any religious association in the United States, represents or is authorized to speak for the political sentiments or political opinions of those who con-stitute the membership of their churches. I deny that any annual conference of two hundred minis-ters has a right to control, or does control, or does represent, the political sentiments of the sixty-four thousand members of its faith. The same proposition was presented, the same stereotyped resolutions that have been here filed were submitted to the annual conference of the Congregational Church in California the other day and their adoption was urged. They were finally adopted, but the proposition to declare that the conference represented the sentiments of the mem-bers of the church on this question was rejected. It was rejected because two or three ministers rose and strenuously protested that the conference had no right to speak on this question for the members of the church, and declared that three-fourths of the church members were opposed to the position which a majority of the conference was ready to assume. MR. MORSE. Has the gentleman from California the resolutions of the Congregational conference to * We are informed that Mr. Raynor has since stated pri-vately that he was misquoted in the Record; that he said worst, not best.ŠEDITOR SENTINEL.  which he referred ? If so, I hope he will print them with his remarks. The final religious reference in this dis-cussion was from the lips of Henry W. Blair, formerly senator from Massachu- setts, and author of the well known " Blair Bills," now in the House. The record of Mr. Blair's words is this :Š How much more time have I, Mr. Speaker ? THE SPEAKER. The gentleman has one minute remaining. Mn. BLAIR I will use that to touch upon this question of religion which has been brought in here. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Morse], who sits on my right, tells me that he has received a telegram from the Congregational clergy upon this subject, and other communications have been received from the Methodist clergy. Now, sir, this is no conflict between religions. They have had an exposition of religions out in Chicago recently, and I do not know what sort of religion the Chicago people will decide to let us have here-after [laughter], but for one, I am in hopes that they will give us the good old Christian religion which has made us what we are. But, Mr. Speaker, in the interest of the Christian religion, in the interest of the efforts of its mission-aries at home and abroad, in the interest of our own country and of mankind, I do insist that this immigration of the lower orders of Chinese people, bringing with them destruction to our industrial system, destruction to the morality of our country, destruction to the physical condition of our peopleŠI do insist that immigration shall cease, absolutely cease, in the interest of all these great elements and of whatsoever appertains to the prog-ress of humanity. Mr. Blair's reference to the Parliament of Religions rouses the query in one's mind : If those dusky-faced, keen-eyed courteous, kindly-tempered gentlemen of the Orient, Dharmapala, Mozoomdar, Vivekananda, Hirai, Shibata, Kung Quang Yu, who at the Parliament of Religions so unflinchingly held the mirror up to the State religion which this United States professes,Šif they could have sat in the gallery of the House during the discussion of this exclusion bill, and listened, what would have been the mingled surprise, pity, amusement, contempt, sorrow, which they would have felt ? And would they not have been justified in feeling so ? What else could they have felt, unless it might have been a righteous indignation at the ignorant hypocrisy of this people that calls itself a Christian Nation " ? " 0, wad some power the gif tie gie us, To see oursels as ithers see us t " W. H. M. The American Protective Association in Congress. THE religio-political methods of the American Protective Association have be-come so pronounced in character as, in the minds of some, to call for the attention of Congress and the appointment of a congressional committee of investigation. On October 27, in the House of Repre-sentatives, Mr. Weadock, of Michigan, having risen " to a question of high priv-ilege touching the validity of the election of a member," and referring to a petition which he held specifying reasons why this election was not legal and valid, said :Š In connection with this matter I might say that it will involve an investigation of the existence and animus of a society which has become very general throughout the United StatesŠa society which the petitioners and others contend is un-American, il-legal, and, under the constitution of the State of Michigan, a treasonable organization. This society has gone to the length of ordering armsŠ MR. HAUGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question of order. It is impossible on this side of the House to hear what the gentleman is saying. THE SPEAKER. The House will please be in order. Members will please take their seats and cease con-versation. MR. WEADOCK. This society, which exists in several States, has become particularly offensive in the eighth district of Michigan. Some of its mem-bers have gone to the extent of ordering arms in large numbers from the manufacturers of firearms in this country, and it is alleged that a reign of terror exists there owing to the machinations of this organization. I do not deem it proper at this time to go into the allegations of the petition. MR, LUCAS. What society is the gentleman referring to ? MR. WEADOCK. It is named in the petition. MR. MORSE. Tell us its name. MR. WEADOCK. It is the American Protective Association. MR. DINGLEY. Mr. Speaker, is that a privileged matter ? THE SPEAKER. The gentleman states that he rises to present a memorial relating to the title of a member to his seat, which is privileged. MR. HOPKINS, of Illinois. Does that permit the gentleman to arraign any society ? MR. WEADOCK. I am not arraigning any society. MR. MORSE. We understand you are. MR. HOPKINS, of Illinois. It seems to me to be arraigning a society when the gentleman says it is traitorous, and that it is procuring arms with a view of intimidating the public. All that does seem to me to be arraigning a society. THE SPEAKER. The Chair understood the gentle-man to be stating some of the specifications con-tained in the memorial. After a hot discussion, the report of which occupies a column and a half of the Record, as to the admissibility of the mat-ter offered by Mr. Weadock, the whole question was withdrawn to be brought up again hereafter. It is noticeable that Mr. Morse, of Massachusetts, and Mr. Dingley, of Maine, who have made themselves ex-tremely prominent in all matters of gov-ernmental religiosity which have so far been before Congress, seemed to be touched to the quick immediately upon the mention of this matter. It is natural, and it probably will be found, that those congressmen, who have openly and pub-licly espoused the cause of the legal en-forcement of religion, in the Sunday clos-ing of the World's Fair, will, if the question should actually come before Congress as to the institution of a con-gressional investigation into the methods and purposes of the American Protective Association, defend that association with all their skill; and block, as far as lies in their power, every attempt to lay bare its spirit and make publicly known all its doings. They will fight this with the same fervor and intensity which Roman Catholic members would show if a similar attempt were made to investigate the Ancient Order of Hibernians, sometimes known as the Hibernian Rifles, or any one of the many such Catholic organ-izations. Why this should be so, if both parties are not imbued with a similar spirit of religious antagonism, is not obvious. Religious partisanship in civil things is one of the most marked types of irreligion. Organized Protestant politics is precisely as wicked in the eyes of God, and of all intelligent Christian men, as organized Roman Catholic politics. The immediate danger to this country is not so much, as some are evidently beginning to see, from Roman Catholicism as from Romanized Protestantism; indeed, there are those who have all along known that it was not Rome, but the image to Rome, which would eventually control this Gov-ernment and destroy the liberties of its people. W. H. M. Tins office is in receipt of a considerable number of letters, from widely different sources, in defense of the American Pro-tective Association. Some of those from whom these letters come are well knowwn to myself who have written the articles, particularly referring to this association, 