748 AMERICAN SENTINEL. day, he met with his 'playmates, theytwere astonished and pleased to see how generous he had grown. "I don't believe it's a good plan to go after those apples, boys, Łsoldiers, I mean. I think Harry Dane's right, and even if he wasn't, I guess it wouldn't be my business to force him to believe just as I do." And then Harold told them his dream about OLD KING MIGHT. MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. Battle Creek, Mich. Keeping Saturday for Sunday. "Goon evening. Please come in and accept a seat near the fire, as it's a little chilly to-night," said Mr. Wilson, as he opened his door in response to the knock of our friends James and Johnny. "What can I do for you, my boys?" "We have called," said Johnny, "to buy a few peaches. We heard that 3ou have them for sale." "I am sure, boys, that you intended no wrong in ask-ing to buy some at this time. As it is the Sabbath, I cannot sell you any, but you are welcome to what you wish to eat." "Excuse us, please, Mr. Wilson, for calling. We thought you kept Saturday for Sunday, but this is Fri-day night." "We do not, my boys. Saturday is made of a part, each of the seventh and first days of the week. Saturday will commence to night at midnight, but the seventh day of the week, which is the Sabbath, commenced an hour ago at sunset, and will end tomorrow at sunset, about six hours before Saturday ends." "Well, we never understood that before; but what makes you keep the seventh day, Mr. Wilson?" "Here is my Bible; read the commandment for your-self in the twentieth chapter df Exodus." "0, you do just as the Lord tells you to, then, don't ypu? It's queer how our folks can read that command-ment and say it means Sunday, whpn they own that Sunday is the first day of the week. Well, good evening, Mr. Wilson, we must be going. We will call some other day." "Wasn't it too bad, Jim, about their sending Mr. Wilson to work in the chain-gang with a lot of bad men, and all because he dug a few potatoes in his own field on Sunday? It was Ed Day's father, that boiled maple sap on Sunday, who swore out a complaint against Mr. Wilson. He said his minister wanted him to." "I say 'Sunday law' to you! I don't believe it's right anyway. As Mr. Wilson says, Sunday isn't the first day of the week any more than Saturday is the seventh. 'Most all those church members, and ministers too, will work from Saturday at sunset, sometimes till midnight, and then fine folks for working on the rest of the day which they call Sunday. I met a man the other day who was selling books,.and he told me that Sunday used to be the heathen Sabbath when folks worshiped the sun,  and that was why it was called sun day. If I keep any day as the Sabbath, I'd rather keep the one God tells me to." "And so would I. GoOtl-bye." A. SMITH. The Right of Freedom of Conscience. FREEDOM of conscience is something that hardly needs to be defined to any person of intelligence, old or young. All persons have a conscience, and each con science should be left 'free to dictate the conduct of its possessor. Conscience is our natural monitor. Its office is given it by the Creator. The person who is not guided in his conduct by conscience, is not a safe person to be at lib-erty. This does not mean that conscience may not become perverted, so as to become an unsafe guide. Theereator himself is the ultimate Guide of mankind, and conscience is designed to act alw,ays in harmony with him. He has given to mankind his revealed wil1L-the Bible Šand his Spirit is continually striving with men, to lead them in the pathway of right and truth. This is included in the provisions of God's govern ment. There is a government of God on earth, as well as a government of man. "The Lord hath prepared his throne in the heavens, and his kingdom ruleth over all." This statement of Scripture includes the earth as well as all other portions of the universe. God's government on the earth is not a visible gov-ernment like those of the nations; but it is none the less a reality.. And it is the highest government upon the earth. It is universal, and to it every person owes alle- giance. Ł The governments of men are instituted to protect rights. The object of God's government includes this, but it aims at that which is vastly higher--the develop-ment of a perfect character. The free exercise of conscience is absolutely essential to the government of God. Without this the purpose of his government cannot be realized. When it is taken away from a person; the government of God comes to on end with that individual, until it is restored. Hence when an earthly government sets up a state conscience, as we may call it; that is, when the state dic-tates to an individual in regard to his religious conduct, the state sets itself squarelyagainst the government of God. Earthly governments are a necessity; and we should give to those in authority the most willing honor and obedience. But as Christians, we must remember that God has also a government in the earth to which we owe supreme allegiance. We cannot maintain this allegiance to God's government when we go contrary to the dictates of conscience. No person can discard his conscience 