224 VoL. 11, No. 28. NEW Yonx, JULY 16, 1896. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. A REPORT of the Christian Endeavor Con-vention at Washington, D. C., with appro-priate comments, will appear in our next issue. THE highest income in the ".Christian nation" of Prussia, is that received by Herr Krupp, for the manufacture of weapons for fighting. FROM five towns in Ohio, says the Chris-tian Statesman, of July 4, come " reports of the vigorous enforcement of the sabbath laws," among these being Canton, the home of the Republican candidate for President. THE trial of the four Seventh-day Advent-ists at Tiptonville, Lake County, Tenn., for working on Sunday, is expected to occur on the 16th inst. The editor of the SENTINEL will attend the trial and report the proceed-ings. BE sure to read the article on another page, " Divine and Human Government." Some parts of it may seem trite to thd old SENTINEL readers, but as a whole it will be found suffi-ciently striking to reward a careful perusal by every one. REMEMBER that while you are enjoying freedom honest men are imprisoned for their faith. J. W. Lewis is still in Tiptonville (Tenn.) jail, and four of his brethren in the same county are almost certain to suffer a like imprisonment within a few days. IN Russia the Lutheran Church has suffered much from the religious " laws" and restric-tions enforced by the Russian government; yet the officials of that church have been more hostile toward Seventh-day Christians, who have recently gained a foothold in Russia, than have the officials of the government. A recent proscription of Adventist literature in Russia turns out to have been secured by the Lutheran Church. PRESS reports for July 8 announced a " miraculous" cure of diptheria, in the case of a young girl living in this city, by means of a "holy relic," consisting of what is alleged to be a fragment of a bone of " St. Ann." While faithŠas scripturally definedŠis fast disappearing before the spreading worldliness and materialism of the age, superstition con-tinues to thrive, as exemplified in occurrences like the above. Simultaneously with the de- parture of faith comes the revival of supersti-tion. It could not be otherwise; for faith is the only means of knowledge in spiritual things. If our present day "civilization," with its " higher" criticism and similar anti-biblical features, embodied any real advance-ment in religious knowledge, superstition would be dying out instead of flourishing. NOTICE the world-wide scope of the move-ment for enforced Sunday-keeping, as set forth in the report of the International Federation of Lord's Day Societies, given on page 222. What else could be expected when that nation which has claimed to be the standard bearer of liberty among all the nations of the earth, sets the example in the work of binding men in the chains of religious legislation. Evi-dently, under a continuance of the presen£ order of things, the world will soon be " a safe and dreary prison" for such as choose to obey God rather than man, by keeping holy the seventh-day Sabbath. REGARDING the rumor of a successor to Sat-olli, the Sun (N. Y.), of July 7, takes occa-sion to publish a dispatch from Washington, as follows:Š WASHINGTON, July 6.ŠNo information has been reŁ ceived from Rome that Archbishop Falconio will re-place Cardinal Satolli as the papal delegate at Wash-ington. Cardinal Satolli will not return to Rome until his successor has been appointed and confirmed in his new dignity. It is regarded as unlikely that the Pope will make the appointment before September next, inasmuch as it is not desirable that the change should be made during the heated term. Rome has been scheming for a long time to get a recognized delegate at the seat of gov-ernment in this country, and she now assumes that it is an accomplished fact. Will the American people acquiesce in this assumption? THE Democratic national platform adopted at the recent Chicago convention, contains the following " plank " with reference to re- ligious liberty:Š The Constitution of the United States guarantees to every citizen the rights of civil and religious lib-erty. The Democratic party has always been the exponent of political liberty and religious freedom and it renews its obligations and reaffirms its devo-tion to these fundamental principles of the Consti-tution. This was inserted by the Committee on Resolutions after the platform had been prac-tically completed, at the motion of ex-Senator Walsh, who said that the party should speak explicitly upon the subject, and that should they fail to do so, millions of American free-men would be disappointed. But the trouble is, there is nothing explicit about it. It is about as definite as the famil-iar phrase, " sound money." It is one of those " glittering generalities" with which party platforms are wont to be garnished to make them appear well in the public eye. We do not say, nor would we intimate, that the men who framed and incorporated this " plank" of the Democratic platform are not genuinely in favor of religious liberty; but in the light of the U. S. Supreme Court decision of February, 1892, that " this is a Christian nation," and its decision of May, 1896, up-holding the Georgia Sunday "law," it is at least evident that the opportunity was not lacking for a very explicit and pointed utter-ance on the subject. Either they are blind to the present situation in this country as re-gards religious liberty, or they did not design 'to assume an attitude so definite as to be of practical importance. It is probable that the utterance has reference to the controversy be-tween the Catholics and the A. P. A. THE good people who see nothing wrong in a Sunday "law" which applies merely to the saloons, should before giving it their in-dorsement, pause and ask themselves where the Sunday crusaders purpose to stop in their demands. In New York City the "law" closes all saloons, but allows many other places of business to remain open until 11 o'clock, A. M. In Boston, the "law" closes all places of business except drug stores; and in Pitts-burg it has been announced that even drug stores must be shut on Sunday. And yet the party of religious " reform " do not proclaim themselves satisfied. They have never yet announced that they had secured all they wanted, for any place or occasion. Nor will any such announcement be forthcoming until they shall have suspended all business on Sunday except their own, and discovered some way to corral the people within the churches. The germ of Sunday legislation contained in " laws " seemingly quite innocent, such as those closing the saloons on Sunday, grows readily into a Upas tree of vast dimensions. The time to resist such legislstion is at the outset. FROM the town of Lego, North Carolina, comes word of the arrest and trial of Robert Morehead, colored, an observer of the seventh-day Sabbath, for working in his garden on Sunday. He was convicted and sentenced to pay $7Šfine and costs. Fortunately, he was not without friends among the most promi-nent white people of the vicinity, some of whom were very indignant over the action of the justice (formerly a Methodist preacher) who procured Mr. Morehead's arrest. These friends advised him to appeal his case to the superior court, and furnished his bond, which was $50. The case will probably not be reached for trial before September. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Entered at the New York Post-Office. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 