258 THE AIVIEIRICAN SENTINEL. for a century or two that clause has been left out of them largely. But it is there in spirit if not in letter; for if after a man has been "forbidden to perform any worldly employment or business whatso- ever," what under the sun is left for him to do but to be (or act). religious ? There is absolutely nothing. But the older Sunday laws didn't omit that feature. Charlemagne, who was Emperor of France, Spain, Italy, Ger-many and Hungary, in his Sunday law of A. D. 800, not only prohibited everything down to " needle-work," "shearing sheep " and " washing linen openly," but also said, " but that they all come to church to magnify the Lord their God." But those of more recent date, if they do not elim-inate this, put it in a more refined and back-handed way; as, for instance, the Vermont Sunday law which prohibits any person from being " present at any public assembly except such as is held for social and religious worship and moral instruc-tion." But the thing is thereŠthis idea and intent of forcing men to be religious Šwhether it is concealed, kept in the back-ground, travels about under sheep's cloth-ing, or what not. It is there, and the people may as well learn it first as last, .and while learning learn that that is not in accord-ance with the gospel of Jesus Christ, which says " Whosoever will," and not " You must." And the fact that about the only ones heard championing Sunday laws are ministers is strong presumptive proof that such laws are religious in their nature and intent. In kindness and in earnestness to all such we would say, To your pupils and your Bibles ! Christ never sought the aid of civil power to enforce his religion, but to impetuous Peter said, " Put up thy sword."Š W. A. Colcord, in Bradford (Pa.) Era. Liberty versus Paternalism. THERE is a contest coming. Govern-mentalism has been constantly encroach-ing on the rights of the people, and as a result those who support this encroach-ment must, in order to justify themselves, deny the existence of such rights. It is not surprising that they should deny rights so far as the encroachments go; that would be expected. But for the leading State organ of a political party to deny natural rights in toto is, indeed, a matter of surprise. The occasion of the words was the fol-lowing excerpt from the speech of Hon. Roger Q. Mills, of Texas, at Staten Island :Š The individual existed before society, and society has only such rights as the individual confers upon it; or, to state it differently, man existed before government, and the government only has such powers as man confers upon it. Man owes a duty to himself, but it is declared by his own reason and enforced by his own conscience. The government has neither reason nor conscience; these are at-tributes of the man. They are parts of his animal organism. In the last thirty years paternalism has been extending its boundaries and liberty has been con- tracting hers. The Government has been-prescrib-ing the hours of labor. If it has the right to pre-scribe eight hours, it has the right to prescribe twenty-four. It has neither. How long a man shall work and at wilt busi-ness is a question for his own determination. The Government loads down one kind of butter with a heavy tax to decrease its production and give higher profits to another kind. The Government taxes people to raise money to appropriate to fairs, to buy grain, for those who have lost theirs by drought or insects. It regulates the practice of medicine and law, and it is being urged by some to prescribe rates of pay for its practitioners, and now it is demanded by a great number of good people that the Government shall lend people money and help them to live. Folly could hardly go further. The answer of democracy to all these demands is that just government must stop at the boundary of natural right ; that it must secure that against every invasion, and then leave every man free to fight out the battle of life in his own way. This is the creed declared by its great founder, who saw clearly that liberty could only be preserved, en-joyed, and transmitted by adhering faithfully and courageously to the principles of self government. These are sound principles. They lie at the foundation of the American polit-ical system, and should be the guide in all governmental action. But the asser- tion of such anti-paternal ideas was too much for the paternalistic Detroit Trib- une, so under the heading, " A Modern Jefferson," in its issue of August 3, it took Mr. Mills and the principles asserted by him to task, in the following style :Š Here is the doctrine of natural liberty, the pet theory of eighteenth century doctrinaires, the favorite mental idol of Thomas Jefferson, seriously enunciated as a party creed in the last decade of the nineteenth. The anachronism is painful. Natural liberty is an exploded dogma. Few believe in it nowadays, and nobody expects governmental policy to conform to it. Liberty is an artificial product. It is a gift of society or the State to man. Its limits are defined by the State; its blessings are conserved by the same agency. This is the doc-trine upon which modern governments are Based ; this is the doctrine by which modern legislation is guided. Mr. Mills can not now retroverse the cur-rent of events by the interposition of the doctrine of natural liberty. . . . The theories of modern publicists and the experience of modern legislators alike contravene the revamped Jeffersonianism of Ł Mr. Mills. Here the principles of liberty and the principles of paternalism (or a better term would be despotism) are contrasted. Mr. Mills (following the founders of our Government) says that government is the people's agent and "only has such powers as man confers upon it." The paternalistic Tribune replies : "Lib-erty is an artificial product. It is the gift of society, or the. State, to man." Mr. Mills says : The agent or employed must get its powers from the employerŠ" society has only such rights as the indi-vidual confers upon it." The Tribune replies: " Natural liberty is an exploded dogma." Mr. Mills says: " Just government must stop at the boundary of natural right; it must secure that against every invasion." The Tribune replies ; " Few believe ill  it [natural liberty] nowadays, and nobody expects governmental policy to conform to it." Mr. Mills says : " In the last thirty years paternalism has been extending her boundaries and liberty has been contract-ing hers." The Tribune replies : " Mr. Mills can not now retroverse the current of events by the interposition of the doctrine of natural liberty." And then as an unanswerable argument the Tribune contemptuously calls human liberty " revamped Jeffersonianism." Nevertheless, be it called " revamped " or by whatever term, it is a liberty of which the American people are proud. There are undoubtedly to-day many pa-ternalists and nationalists like the Trib-une, that would, if they could, trample the immortal Declaration of Independenc6 in the dust, that would consign its grand principles of natural liberty to oblivion; - that would, if they could, overthrow the American Constitution, which was formu-lated to " establish " natural justice, and construct a despotism, like that of the Czar of Russia, parcelling out liberty in small quantities as it saw fit; but fortu-nately for the American people they can not. All they can do is to call the prin-ciples therein enunciated " exploded dog-mas," " pet theories of eighteenth century doctrinaires," etc., but the grand political system, the superstructure erected upon those foundation principles will ever com-mand the admiration of all lovers of lib-erty and humanity. W. A. BLAKELY. W. F. Crafts as a "Judaizer." W. F. CRAFTS, whose friends denom-inate him as the " leader " in Sabbath reform, has issued an " Open Letter to the Postmaster-General : Is it legal to sell postage stamps and deliver mail on the Sabbath except in `original packages'? " As a specimen of sophomoric logic, of the " Argumentum ad hominem" sort, it is quite successful in placing the Postmaster-General in various apparently unfavor-able attitudes as to consistency. But if consistency be the standard, Mr. Crafts would suffer most notably were the tables to be turned against him and his methods. Such things are but unworthy by-play when a great theme is under considera-tion. As an effort to sustain Sunday observance, Mr. Crafts's letter is " Juda-istic " to the last degree. It " chops logic and splits hairs " equal to the Talmud. Under Judaism,- when- it had grown for-mal and powerless, the observance of the Sabbath was burdened with countless neg-ative restrictions, which were like tith-ing " mint, anise and cummin," but which did not touch the " weightier matters of the law." Such are Mr. Crafts's charges against Postmaster-General Wanamaker. The 1114111 issue raised by Mr. Crafts is 