ERICAN ENTIN ŁI lŁ YitŁ —,,,, ,k0,1011111,\.411,C IL,10,..1,11M— *Al, 10 4 'FIFA  NY MAN REAR MY WORDS. AND BFLTETE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. Vol- 12, No. 40. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 14, 1897. Single copy 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. Ifir Any one receiving the American sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay zor it. (Entered at the New York Poet-office.) A DENIAL of the validity of Sunday laws is not at all a denial of the right of any person to a weekly day of rest. THE reason why a good many "reforms" do not suc-ceed is that it is impossible to reform an evil thing into a good thing. HE who spends the Sabbath day with God will enjoy a quiet and restful Sabbath, whether any one else around him is at rest or not. THE right to do that which God commands, can be safely claimed by any individual without reliance upon any other power than God.  Ł .444Š Ł THERE is no right more important to mankind, none left more unguarded at the present time, and none so se-riously menaced to day, as that of individual freedom of conscience. THE civil law cannot undertake to enforce morality, without being forced to turn aside from its legitimate work of preserving human rights, and becoming an in-strument of their destruction. IF the nation is a moral personality, as is claimed, it must have a conscience, and its conscience must take precedence of the individual conscience and must direct the latter in any matter with which it has to do. And this, being so, the nation becomes the individual's god, and nationalism the individual's religion. IT is a sure sign of a bad law that it is largely made use of by bad people, or with malicious motives. THE effectual cure for evil is not repression, but erad-ication ; and the work of eradication must always be done in the heart. IF it is fitting that the mighty work of creation should be commemorated by the setting apart of a weekly day of rest, what is there fitting about the setting apart of such a day by the State, which never created any-thing, nor has any power to create even a grain of sand? Is not such an act highly presumptuous? The Middle Ages in Wisconsin. BY a decision in one of its circuit courts, the State of Wisconsin stands committed to the maintenance of dis-cipline in the Catholic Church, especially as between bishops and priests. A change of priests in a certain parish was desired. The priest who had been officiating there was directed by the bishop to go to another parish, and another priest was called to officiate in that parish. He refused to go; and the other priest came. It seems that there was no difficulty with respect to the new priest officiating in the regular parochial duties. But the outgoing priest held possession of the clergy house and refused to give it up, the incoming priest being obliged to find a home among the congregation. And it was with regard to the possession of the clergy house that the matter came to a crisis, and was brought into court. A writ of ejectment was sustained in the justice's court. An appeal was taken. to the circuit court. So far the procedure was properly legal and legally proper; be-cause, as is well understood in the Catholic system, all church property is legally owned by the bishop. But in addition to the question of the ejection of an unsatispfac- 