OCTOBER 22, 1896. AsIVILIE.EitiorDA_N S.EINTILIIL/NTML. 331 norant" man what he did for Peter and John. Indeed, it is necessary to set aside all de-pendence upon human wisdom, if we would receive the knowledge that comes through the revelation of God. These truths are hid-den from the wise and prudent, and revealed unto babes. It is as little children that we must receive the kingdom of God. " If any of you lack wisdom,"Šthe wisdom of an understanding of God's wordŠ" let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liber-ally and upbraideth not, and it shall be given him." The whole testimony of Scripture is opposed to the papal doctrine that we must seek for spiritual wisdom to pope, council, priest or pastor. The word of God is his revelation to man; but it is a revelation to the spiritual, and not the natural, mind. Nor can the spiritual mind explain it to the natural understanding. The seeker for spir-itual wisdom must first acquire the spiritual mind, which cannot be furnished by pope or pastor, but by God alone. The truths of the Word can be revealed only by the divine.  Spirit. They cannot be revealed by man to man. The doctrine therefore that the common people are dependent upon the wisdom of the " fathers," or of any other men in the church, for guidance in the pathway of spir-, itual truth, is directly contrary to the Scrip-tures. It not only provides the individual with no spiritual wisdom, but shuts the door to the way by which he might attain it. For if ignorant himself, he can become wise by seeking God for wisdom through the illumin-ation of the Spirit upon God's word; bat he cannot possibly attain this wisdom by seeking to any man. It is therefore to every person both an inalienable right and a Christian ditty that he should read and understand the Word of God for himself, and should not be bound in belief or practice by the opinions and interpretations of any other person or persons whatsoever. s. Ł s,.Ł'  THE COUNTRY'S NEED. NEITHER open mills nor open mints will do so much to abolish poverty and bring prosper-ity as closed saloons. No power of legislation and no power obtained by labor combinations can help the laboring man who spends his money for drink. The men who talk of re-form without pointing to the saloon as the first cause of poverty and. the hard times sim-ply talk in the air. It is not our industrial system, nor the industrial conditions sur-rounding the workmen, that is at the bottom of the miseryŠit is drink. So say Carroll D. Wright, John Burns, Chief Arthur and Mr. Powderly. The money which the wage earners of this country have thrown away in the past ten years would have provided each family in the land with a home free of rent. If invested in railroad stocks and bonds during the past ten years it would have transferred the own-ership of all our railroads to the laboring classes. Drink is the chief cause of the poor man's bad luck. Put the money which the laboring men of America spend for drink in the treasury of the United States and all forms of taxes might immediately be abol-ished, all public improvements be doubled, with work enough to give every man in the country employment. Ten dollars spent for whiskey and beer will bring only 96 cents to the farmer for his grain and 38 cents to the men who manufacture themŠtotal, $1.34; while the man who spends $10 for clothes, furniture or food pays about  $5.25 to the farmer and the workman. Every time the poor man spends a nickel for bread, instead of for beer, 35 per cent. of his nickel goes to the farmer for grain and 33 per cent. to the baker and to the miller in wages; in all 68 per cent. Of the nickel spent for beer only one-sixth benefits the farmer and work-man. You cannot spend your money on bread and beer also. Our trouble is not so much overproduction as underconsumption. Let our workmen spend their money for shoes, clothes, furniture and food, which they now spend for drink, and more goods of all kinds would be demanded, more would be manufac-tured, every man would be at work at high wages and everybody would be happy.ŠRev. Madison C. Peters. A MENACE TO FREEDOM OF CONSCIENCE. THERE is nothing more dangerous to re-ligious liberty than the assumption by pow-erful organizations of a divine right to rule their fellowmen. It is for this reason that the Young People's Society of Christian En-deavor and kindred organizations are a most serious menace to freedom of conscience in this country. They assume to be the divinely authorized interpreters of God's law; and they aspire to be its administrators. They would use the civil power to enforce moral duty; but such a use of civil power is illegiti-mate, and is to be opposed by all who are not prepared to.surrender their soul-liberty. The AMERICAN SENTINEL does not believe in anarchy. It is a patriotic and religious duty to yield cheerful obedience to civil rulers in civil things. By the very act of making men social beings, Mutually dependent upon one another, and under mutual obligations each to respect the equal right of the other, God ordained civil government, that the weak might be protected against the aggressions of the strong, that unlawful greed and oppres-sion might be restrained, and that civil order might be maintained. But the ordinance of civil government gives man no authority in spiritual things. It is evident that inasmuch as civil govern-ment cannot by any possibility free any man from the obligations which God has laid upon him, and can abate nothing from the penalty of the divine law, it can rightfully exercise no authority whatever over any man touching his duty toward his Creator. Let government once invade the domain of conscience and it will surely dominate it, thus setting God aside and usurping his authority. Indeed, the mere assumption by any man or by any set of men of the right to dictate in matters of religious faith or practice is a denial of the moral sovereignty of the Creator. Christians in all ages and of all creeds have claimed for themselves religious liberty; but sad to say, very many professing to be follow-ers of Christ have not been willing that others should enjoy equal freedom; while some not Christians have clearly seen and fully recog-nized the principle that the moral sovereignty of the Creator renders absolutely essential the free moral agency of the creature. No man ever stated this principle more clearly than did the deist, Thomas Paine; and his clear vision on this subject ought to put to shame those who, while calling themselves Christians, are afraid to trust God with the administration of his own moral government. Paine said :Š There is a single idea which, if it strikes rightly upon the mind, either in a legal or a religions sense, will prevent any man, or any body of men, or any government, from going wrong on the subject c religion;  which is, that before any human institution of government were known in the world, there el isted, if I may so express it, a compact between Got and man, from the beginning of time; and that a the relation and condition which man in his individua person stands in toward his Maker cannot be changes by any human laws or human authority, that relig thus devotion, which is a part of this compact, canno so much as be made a subject of human laws. Paine was an unbeliever, and his name cast out as evil because of his denial of the Christian religion; nevertheless he fully recŁ ognized the moral sovereignty of God. What then should be thought of those who, whiff claiming faith in Christianity, deny that soy ereignty which Paine acknowledged, and which is the very basis of Christianity ? Ass they better than Paine ? Are they not worse 1 for do they not by their intolerance so mis-represent Christianity as to turn men away from it and cause thems  to become infidels Before the Christianity of Christ, even in-, fidelity stands with uncovesed head. It ad- mires even though it does not embrace. Bu/ in the presence of the miscalled Christianity that would coerce all that it cannot convert, unbelief is hard and defiant. Whose is the responsibility ? and whose the final retribu-tion ? The worst infidelity is that which betrays our Lord in the house of his friends; that under the guise of friendship misrepresents, his teachings, and in his name seizes power which he himself refused, and which he never authorized his followers to exercise in his behalf. Christ now, as of old, hides himself from those who, instead of crowning him sovereign in their own hearts, and introducing him to others as " the chiefest among ten thousand, the one altogether lovely," seek to, take him by force and make him king, in order that by placing him on an earthly throne, they may compass their own aggrans  dizement. Christ's word to his followers is, " Whoso-ever will be chief among you, let him be your servant." And the only commission or authority he has given is: " Go ye into all, the world, and preach the gospel to every creature." He plainly declared: "My king-dom is not of this world;" and yet in every age his professed followers have aspired to temporal power in his name, and professedly for the furtherance of his cause and the pro-mulgation of the gospel! Is it any wonder that judging Christianity by such Christians, thousands have rejected it as no better than Mohammedanism, which was also promur-gated by fire and sword ? . AN UNPROFITABLE ALLIANCE. IN regard to the supposed benefit of the Church by State patronage, or an alliance be-tween the Church and the State, Lord Mac-aulay speaks as follows. These words are worthy of careful consideration:Š " The ark of God was never taken till it was surrounded by the arms of earthly de-fenders. In captivity, its sanctity was suffi-cient to vindicate it from insult, and to lay the hostile fiend prostrate on the threshold of his own temple. The real security of Christianity is-to be found in its benevolent morality, in its exquisite adaptation to the human heart, in the facility with which its scheme accommodates itself to the capacity of every human intellect, in the consolation which it bears to the house of mourning, in the light with which it brightens the great mystery of the grave. To such a system it can bring no addition of dignity or of strength, 