AMERICAN SENTINEL. 219 islands as the people thereof shall prefer, and that upon its organization in stable manner the United States, in accordance with its traditional and prescriptive policy in such cases, will recognize the independence of the Phil-ippines and its equality among nations, and gradually withdraw all military and naval forces." The Japanese State Religion. A DETROIT (Mich.) journal gives the following par-ticulars of the report, mentioned recently in our columns, that Japan was considering the advisability of adopting Christianity as the State religion. The dispatch is dated "New York, March 11," and says:Š " Dispatches from Tokio received in this city to day bring the startling intelligence that the Japanese gov-ernment is discussing a plan to make Christianity the religion of the empire. "The news from Tokio foreshadows an attempt to make 43,000,000 people Christians by imperial proclam-ation. "Persons interested in foreign missions will be an-xious to learn whether the government of the land of the crysanthemum, if it decides in favor of a Christian coun-try, will adopt the dogmas of any particular Christian sect, or whether it will permit the people to construct their own State religion from the teachings of the Bible. "It is explained in the dispatches from Tokio that the wise men of Japan, the statesmen, have come to the conclusion that Christianity makes for progress. They have got trolley cars, silk hats, corsets, and gas stoves, and they have defeated the Chinese in battle; but the mikado's advisers believe that without the Christian religion Japan will never earn a place in the sisterhood of civilized nations." It seems a pity, if this report be true, that Christian missionaries to Japan should not have so represented Christianity to the people of that country that the Jap-anese authorities would understand that Christians can-not be created by "imperial proclamation," and that there is no truly Christian nation on the earth to-day. Of course, in the event of a decision by the Japanese government in favor of Christianity, there will be a con-test between Catholics and Protestants, and between the Protestant sects, to have the respective doctrines held by them incorporated into the "Christianity " of the nation,Ša contest which must lower Christianity in the eyes of the Japanese and greatly retard true missionary work. The idea of national Christianity is one that never bears good fruit. It misrepresents Christianity to the heathen world. THE ever-recurring overflow of the Yellow River in china has again taken place, and 2,000,000 people in the district affected by the flood are reported to be starving. Christian Citizenship "Justified." THE organ of the Christian Citizenship League says of that society, "We justify our existence as an organi-zation on the ground that there is an appalling state of apathy and indifference in political and civic affairs among the people who call themselves Christians." If this is so, and if this is a neglect of Christian duty, then it is plain that the trouble lies in the religious con-dition of these people; they are not real Christians. For among such, there could not be "an appalling state of apathy and indifference" toward Christian duty. Is the League then going to make "people who call themselves Christians," but are not really such, over into real Christians? No; that is not its object; and if it were, the League would be powerless to accomplish it; for people are made Christians only by faith and the power of God. The object of the League is "To make Christian principles operative in public affairs, and to reveal Jesus Christ as the Saviour of the State and na-tion as well as of the individual." There is "an appalling apathy and indifference" to Christian duty on the part of professed Christians. The Christian Citizenship League has undertaken to remedy this state of things, but without making people Chris-tians at heart. If there is really an "appalling apathy" to Christian duty on the part of the people, how can it be remedied without a conversion of the people to Chris-tianity? And if the "apathy" complained of is not a neglect of Christian duty, it does not need to excite any attention outside the sphere of politics. Whichever way it is viewed, therefore, it does not justify the existence of this religio-political league. The Hindering Cause. "Signs of the Times" THE Chicago New World (Catholic), in speaking of the matter of Protestant evangelistic work in Porto Rico, says, "The days when Protestantism was able to make numerous converts from Catholicism have long since passed away." There is some ground for this statement; and it speaks volumes of warning to the va-rious Protestant denominations, a warning to get back Šor rather go forward againŠto the basic principles of Protestantism, of true Christianity. There was a vast gulf between Protestantism and Catholicism when the Reformation was in its youth, and, notwithstanding that gulf, converts to Protestantism,Što Christianity from Catholicism,Šwere many. Whyhave they not con-tinued? The reason is obvious. The gulf has been nar-rowing, and certain influential denominations have been stretching their hands across to Rome. What use is there in becoming a Protestant if one must reachback to Rome for succor? 