242 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the land; and this organization, which is now the ally of the church forces in the cause of Sunday enforcement, has resolved to prosecute every mill and factory oper-ator and railway official who violates, the Sunday law of Pennsylvania. This is the first time that a great labor organization has taken up the work of enforcing the Sun-day laws. At the mass meetings held in the Bijou Theater, Pittsburg, one speaker said: "This country is being formed into one vast amalgamated association. Don't be alarmed, for we are all going to join it, and have one vast confederacy and federation; but woe to him who stands up against it! Woe to him who desecrates the Sabbath [Sunday]!" Woe to him who stands up against the coming com-bine of religious and secular forces, armed with the power of legislatures and the courts, to dictate to every person the day which he shall observe as the Sabbath! That is the ultimatum that is coming; and what reply will you, reader, make to it? Are you ready for it, and are your friends and neighbors ready for it? Have you done all that you care to do to enlighten the people upon the principles of truth involved in this coming crisis? The World's New and Most Chivalrous Knight. THE Rev. Dr. John Henry Barrows was one of the leading spirits in the calling and conducting of the World's Congress of Religions in Chicago, the year of the World's Fair. He was chosen to give the first series of lectures on oriental religions, which is conducted by the Chicago University in India. From there he con-tinued his tour around the world, speaking upon the world's religions, in behalf of a world's religion. Since returning Što America, he has traveled extensively throughout the United States, continuing the same work. About the first of the year 1899, he was called to the presidency of Oberlin College. March 20 a reception in his honor was given by the Congregational Club of Toledo, Ohio, at which he delivered a speech upon "Greater America." Because of the position that he oc-cupied in the World's Congress of Religions, and the po-sition he occupies now, and what he has done all around the world in behalf of a world's religion, the views which he expressed, of greater America and of its mission now in the world, are worth noting. As reported in the Tribune of this city, he said:Š "We have forsaken the policy of selfish isolation, and come to realize our world-mission in these days when God has made us a world-power. We have not aban-doned the Monroe Doctrine, as European countries will discover if they attempt to disregard it. We are draw-ing into closer fellowship with the people of the Western Hemisphere. There must ever be peace and good under-standing with Canada and Mexico and the South Ameri-can republics. These are great areas for our commerce  and for our ideas. But America has widened westward across the Pacific, which is to be the chief highway of the world's future commerce. In Hawaii and the Ladrones and the Philippines we have stepping-stones for Ameri-can ideas clear over to_ the greatest and most populous side of the world. My own observations in the Orient have deepened the conviction that the greatest event of the twentieth century is to be the uplifting of Asia and thus the unitizing of the globe. "Heaven forbid that we should go to the Philippines in the spirit with which Spain went to Cuba or Holland to the South-eastern Asiatic Archipelago. If we hold them, and I do not see how we can get rid of them, let us hold them as a 'trust for civilization.' Let us show that America does not mean selfishness and spoliation, but means enfranchisement, uplifting, enlightenment, peace, and toleration." "We need great men, great leaders, to shape and di-rect. And God is giving them to us. The Greater Amer-ica must have greater statesmen. We, of course, shall need a larger army and a larger navy. We could hardly have better ones. We must have a better diplomatic service, national schools, for training the representatives of the republic. "We shall have a new national expansion in the days to come. We shall see our commerce and our ideas pen-etrating and controlling the West Indies and the East Indies. Our scholars, our missionaries, our preachers, our books, and our business, will have a deep entrance into the world of Asia. We are now the chief branch of what men call the Anglo-Saxon race, and whatever great-ness we have already achieved is hardly to be-mentioned by the side of thegrandeur that awaits us before the close of the next century. "The expansion has already come. America is no,  longer a babe in the wood, but the foremost of western nationalities, and the sight to-day of our people for the first time thoroughly united, contemplating expectantly and in no shallow and trifling temper, the greater desti-nies to which God is calling is a hopeful and inspiriting spectacle. "I wish to express my confidence, reborn out of what I have seen in the Orient, and out of what I have seen in more than thirty thousand miles of travel in nearly all parts of our country, wherein during the last fifteen months I have been able to touch the vital centers of American thought and characterŠmy confidence that this land 'to human nature dear;' this land which is not unbeloved of God; that this Republic, filled with God-fearing and man-loving people; that this Nation, proud and grateful for a history reaching from Plymouth Har-bor to Manila Bay, is no longer to be treated as a foundling, but is the strongest and most chivalrous knight, equipped for valiant service in the kingdom of God, to be seen on the face of the earth. "I have felt the pulse of National Christian conven-tions; I have had my Americanism refortified; I have entered the homes of men and women who pray to God for our country, the home of many a Christian pastor, East and West; and the home of the Christian President at Washington; I have talked with scholars, statesmen, far-sighted editors, university professors, devoted wo-men, whose hearts are aflame with the purest patriot-ism; I have faced many thousands of college students and Christian ministers and candidates for the ministry. 