284 THE AmntRicAN SENTINni, vention not for the purpose of advancing any re-ligious belief, not for the purpose of advancing any sentimentality, but for the purpose of doing straightforward business, in a 'candid, common-sense manner ; to frame a business article upon which they are to predicate the future laws of this State. The framers of the Constitution of the United States left out of that Constitution any recognition of the Supreme Being. I think its omission shows no irreverence, for I think that we must all recognize directly the interposition of the hand of the Almighty in our prosperity, in the liberties which have been given to us and maintained by our people. In reply to the argu-ment of Mr. Buchanan, I challenge him to show me one word by George Washington in that de-bate where be raised his voice in favor of placing in that Constitution any recognition of the Su-preme Being. The gentleman from Garfield (Cosgrove) is fearful that if we do not put this in the Constitution its effect upon immigration is go-ing to be disastrous. He tells us that it is sup-posed away back across the States, perhaps to the Atlantic, that we are a set of savages out here, that we do not possess any degree of civilization. I do not know that we are worse than other States and Territories. The farther East you go, the stronger is that impression. The expression was used in Boston four or five years ago, in a meeting, that we were the 'Rowdy West,' and they were' very, anxious for the safety of the nation when thy rec-ognized the fact that the West was 'the rowdy West.' Emory Storrs, that great orator, was at that meeting, and was called upon to express his views, and he expressed them somewhat in this way : That he thought the people of the rowdy West, as it was called, were as capable to rear their children in a sense of enlightenment and in a sense of morality as those who claimed to live at the center of culture, one-half of whom doubted the existence of a Supreme Being, and the other half believed they were descended from an ape.' I see no use for this in our constitution. As well acknowledge the existence of a Supreme Being. and an overruling providence in the making of a, promissory note, as in this constitution ; yet who would not say it was ridiculous if you saw a prom-issory note something like this, 'For value received, I promise to pay to John Doe, or order, $100, recognizing the overruling providence of the Supreme Court , and the credit business and the great privileges which have been conferred upon me by the Supreme Being by reason of this promissory note.' Then again, what would be said in court of the lawyer commencing his com-plaint in this, way.: John Doe vs. Richard Roe ; the plaintiff in the above-entitled action, recogniz-ing the overruling power and constant care of the Supreme Being, complains of Richard Roe, and alleges,' etc. Now that is just as sensible, in my opinion, as placing it in the preamble of the con-stitution. Let us ask God to guide us and teach us common sense in the business which we are trying to transact in this convention." Mr. Buchanan did not recollect any debate on this subject in the original Constitution, and asked Mr. Sturdevant about that. Mr. Sturdevant said he had not exam ned the subject. Mr. BuchananŠYou made the assertion. Mr. Sturdevant ŠI made no assertion. I sim-ply asked the gentleman to show if Washington said anything on that subject. I am informed by a friend (Mr. Comegys) that he believes the subject was fully debated there. Mr. Cosgrove said such method of argument was essentially unfair, and he was glad it was made so apparent to the convention. He com-mented on the sermon on Christian religion which one gentleman (Sullivan, of Whitman) had deliv-ered when the Christian religion had not been bro-ught up at all, and if, as the gentleman has said, this convention is the laughing-stock of the press for its actions, it is for just such debates as this and for just such remarks as have been made here this morning. The party which organized this convention, from president to page, would be held responsible for all that was left out as well as for all that was put into this constitution, and might find itself needing votes for this document from the very people who ,Would withhold them from it, unless a simple recognition of the Su-preme Being was in. Mr. Warner was a.  member of a church which had the most reverent devotion to God, but did not, believe it necessary to advertise that fact'in their business transactions. The committee had disctisSed the matter very briefly, and simply rec-ognized the constitution as a business document, and decided to leave out any mere matter. of sen-timent. Mr. Turner said Mr. Sullivan, of Whitman,. had been in the habit, from the very commence-ment, of lecturing and hectoring this convention, in season and out of season, and in common with others be had borne it with what equanimity he might, but when he commented with the coarsest buffoonery on the motives of gentlemen on this floor, and upon his own (Turner's) motives in of-fering this substitute, he had gone too far. It was from the highest motives of duty that he had offered this substitute. He felt profoundly rever-ent, personally, for the happy circumstances un-der which the convention and the people of the State are living, and prefaced his substitute un-der that motive alone. He repeated that he con-sidered it in bad taste, as well as in contradiction of the rules of this body, to impute such motives to any member who exercised the merest priviL lege of duty in offering such substitutes and -amendments as he thought right. Mr. Sullivan wanted to say, for the benefit of Judge Turner and any other man, that he should have better judgment' than to impute motives to a gentleman who was declared to be in order by the chair. "I imputed no motives. The gentle-man can keep his insults to himself. I can take care of myself, both in and out of this conven-tion." Mr. Cosgrove called the gentleman to order. Mr. Turner hoped ,the gentleman would be al-lowed to proceed, and the chair allowed him to proceed. 4, Mr. SullivanŠI desire to say this, I do not want any member of this convention to impute any mo-tive to me at all regarding my arguments in debate here. I do not think of the individual. I never impute motives in a question in debate I rise above that ; I take the arguments of the gentlemen and look at them, analyze them, if possible, without looking at their motives. If their argument is good, I will endorse that. If it is bad, I will try to show the fallacy. I do not want any man to get up here and talk about buffoonery or anything else. I am getting sick of this convention, and I am getting sick. of this imputing of motives out-side of it. Why drag outside matters into this convention ? Why do that? I am not impugning the motives of my friend Turner, and I say to this committee, and I want to say to him,, and I want  to say to every member of this convention before I sit down, that I have not criticised the action of this convention so far as its motives were con-cerned at all. Inside of this convention and out-side of this convention I have said this, and I re-peat it here irrespective of motive : We have fooled away our time here, and I say the people are ob-jecting, and I am perhaps as much to blame as any other man in this convention. I do not deny that. I do not .want any man to get up here and abUse me. I do not propose to stand itŠJudge Turner or anybody else. I have never allowed that since I was five years-old, and I do not pro-pose to stand it now."  Mr. Dunbar attempted to pour oil on the troubled waters, but Mr. Griffitts thought they were in the second round;and he ought to have another chance. The chair recognized Mr. Dunbar, on the ground that even if they were in the second round, any delegate who had not spoken at all was en-titled to the preference. Mr. Dunbar moved that the committee rise and report progress. Carried; yeas 36, nays 24. The president resumed the chair, and Mr. Stiles reported progress on behalf of the commit-tee, and leave to sit again was granted. Mr. Dunbar moved to adjourn. Lost. Mr. Griffitts moved to take a recess till 2 o'clock. Carried. The convention reassembled at 2 o'clock, the president in the chair. On motion of Warner, the convention-resolved itself into a committee of the whole on the pre-amble and bill of rights; Stiles, of Tacoma, in the chair. The question was stated by the chair to be on Mr. Dyer's motion. Moore said it was generally understood that they were speaking to the amendment offered by Turner. The chair stated that Dyer's was merely an amendment to the preamble, whereas Turner's was a substitute for the whole preamble. On Dyer's amendment the question was put, and it failed. Turner's substitute was taken up, read and failed ; yeas, 32 ; nays, 34. Minor offered the following substitute :Š "We, the people of Washington, with profound reverence for the Supreme Ruler of the Universe, in order to secure and perpetuate the blessings of self-government, do ordain and establish this con-stitution for the State of Washington." AdoptedŠayes, 33 ; nays, 32. The question was then put on the adoption of the preamble as thus amended. T. M. Reed raised a point of order that the adoption of the substitute adopted the preamble. The chair stated that the point was not well taken. The motion to adopt the preamble was voted on, and the vote was a tie, 33 to 33, so the 'no-tion failed. Sullivan, of, Tacoma, moved to refer back the preamble to the committee on preamble. Griffitts moved to adopt the preamble- as re-ported originally by the committee. T. M. Reed moved to lay on the table. Cosgrove raised a point of order that Griffitts' motion was out of order. The chair ruled the point well taken. Mr. Griffitts asked, "What is the status of the question now." The ChairŠThe preamble as amended is now 