24 THE AIVIERIC.A.N SENTINEL. iting the free exercise of religion " because no man who keeps Sunday can keep his place in the government service, and therefore such are ex-cluded as really from the public service as though a direct religious test were applied," only that that in this case, it is declared to be "an irrelig-ious test." Well, let us examine this. Suppose we admit that in the carrying of the mails and in other work on Sunday, the man who regards Sunday as a holy day, and who treats it as such, is thereby virtually excluded and the government does him injustice and that therefore a national law must be enacted forbidding all such work on the Sunday to protect these in their rights of con-science, and to give them their share of the offices. Then, there are thousands of people who regard Saturday as a holy day and who keep it as such. These are citizens equally with the others, and have equal rights as citizens with the others ; but, the government runs the mails, and does all man-ner of work on Saturday, and so long as that is so, no man who regards Saturday as a holy day can have a place in the public service. There-fore the next thing for Congress to do would be to pass a national law absolutely prohibiting all such work on Saturday so as to give equal justice to these with the rest. But no, none who demand Sunday laws would for a moment allow that any such thing as this ought ever to be done. But if it shall be done in behalf of one class of religionists, why not of another? If religious profession is to be the basis of legislation why should the government discriminate, why should it expressly open the way for one class of religionists and exclude an-other class ? Every fair-minded man must admit that this would not be equal and exact justice. Those who demand the Sunday law will not al-low for a moment that the government shmild do such a thing, therefore, it is clearly proved that they want governmental discrimination in their favor, and that solely upon the basis of religious profession. But under civil government no man can ever of right make his religious profession the baSis of any claim for governmental favor. Civil government is for all alike. It takes cogni-zance of men's actions and deals with men solely as men, without regard to any question what-ever of religious or non-religious profession or worship. Government rests solely upon this basis, it is composed of men as men, and its affairs are all conducted solely upon this basis. "Oh !" it is exclaimed, " in a Christian land this would exclude all Christians from office, and thus deprive them of rewards and emoluments that men enjoy who are not Christians, and would thus be a discrimination against the Chris-tian religion." To those who offer it this ap-pears very forcible; but it is easily answered. The Christian who is indeed a Christian, enjoys privileges and rewards as far above the rewards and emoluments of governmental office as heaven is higher than the earth ; so that the govern-ment when treating all men as men, and treat-ing them all alike, does not discriminate against the Christian. The Christian's profession is the free, choice of a heavenly gift which is worth more than all earth's treasures and all its honors. In the precious presence of Jesus Christ no such question ever comes into his mind as to whether he can have a twelve-dollar or a twelve-thousand-dollar post-office or not. This complaint of the Sunday-law workers, that Christians are excluded  from a share in the governmental plunder in its analysis, simply argues that the blessedness of the religion of Jesus Christ, and the riches of the heavenly gift in him, are upon a level with the offices and emoluments of governmental service; and so entirely so at that, that they cannot af-ford to do without legislation in their special fa-vor. Ł A people who put no more value than that upon the unsearchable riches of Christ haven't enough of the Christian religion about them to do either themselves or the government any good, and the more any government allows itself to fa-vor any such pleas the lower it will be brought. Oh that those who name the name of Christ would name him for what he is that they would see in his religion something more than temporal-expediency ! that they would see in the riches of his grace something more valuable than to fear the'  competition of the emoluments of govern-mental service! that they would see that there is a power in the manifestation of his glorious char-,Ł acter greater than that of all the legislative en-actments that have been or can be written upon the statute books of all ages and all nations. A. T. J. Elder Crafts's Surprise Party. ELDER CRAFTS must not take it to heart be-cause he found himself in an unexpected minority in his own meeting, nor conclude that Oakland is against Sunday observance because he did not find that unanimity which a speaker seems to re-gard as his right. He can console himself by the reflection that he was preaching to the uncon-verted, and lay this flattering unction to his soul that were it not for his persuasive powers the vote against him might have been larger. Every-where there 'are opportunities to preach to the converted, but the trouble is to induce the others to come and hear, and therefore Elder Crafts may be congratulated on the broad field which he has discovered in (to him) so unexpected a manner. The Seventh-day Adventists are a sturdy folk, always ready to stand up and be counted, and quite able to give and take hard knocks, as per-haps Mr. Crafts will discover before he gets through with them. We shall watch his progress with interest and shall be glad to chronicle any conversions he may make, standing ready the while to perform the same office for the other side. When we say that, in our opinion, Oakland fa-vors Sunday observance, we mean that we believe the people stand ready to make the first day of the week a day of rest, but we do not think there is any large body of our citizens which favor the enforcement of a Puritan Sabbath. A rational observance of Sunday is to be desired on grounds of public policy, and so far as these grounds go, the people of Oakland will, no doubt, favor the embodiment of restrictions in the shape of law. Beyond that it is a matter of private judgment, and neither Elder Crafts nor any other man will be suffered to abridge the liberty of conscience of a free people. We observe that Elder Crafts, like the Prohibitionists, calls on Christianity in support of his case, but he must be aware there are a dozen sects in perfectly good Christian standing, all of which hold views which diverge very widely from his on this question. This we say on the assumption, which we believe to be justified by 'his remarks, that he would stop all work and play of whatsoever sort on Sunday. Nay, there is some division even among the shepherds of Mr. Crafts's own special fold on this  matter. The Rev. H. A. Cleveland, an eminent Presbyterian divine, preaching in Indianapolis, recently, from the text, "Therefore, said some of the Pharisees, this man is not of God because he keepeth not the Sabbath-day; others said, How can a man that is a sinner do such miracles? And there was a division, among them," said, among other things:Š "Many people in this city are dying of overwork, the pressure of cares, and indoor habits. If they may not play baseball or see it played because a conven-tion forbids it, what may they do that will take them into the fields and unharness them from their bur-dens and drudgeries? Against such games there is no word spoken in the New Testament. Paul had wit-nessed many games not so healthful as our great American game, and makes frequent mention of what he saw as illustrations of the Christian truths he urged. It is no objection to baseball as a game because men gamble in its issues. Men gamble in wheat and corn and flour, in stocks and human labor; but bread is good, and we shall keep on eating it without respect to those who gamble in it. I have played hundreds of games of baseball myself, and devoutly regarded them as means of grace. There is health in exercise and in the laughing summer fields. That is a defect-ive piety that has not health behind it. " Let those in our midst who are noisy and bitter in their denunciations of baseball as a game provide our pale and weary clerks with recreations and amuse: ments that are as inexpensive, as pleasurable and as healthful. Until they do this their silence is wiser than their speech." If we are in error in attributing to Mr. Crafts views which he does not hold, we shall be glad to offer him a means of explanation within reason-able space, but we hope that he will not again say that the cry of " personal liberty " comes from a foreign land. An American, a citizen of a government founded in civil and religious free-dom, a standing protest against the despotisms of older countries, should not acknowledge such a sentiment. We fear that we shall not chronicle many_converts for Brother Crafts if he begins by saying hard things. Gently, brother,gently.Š Oakland Daily Tribune, August 7, 188A Religion in the Public Schools. THE discussion of a very old question has sprung again into public notice. The onslaught of the Boston School Board against a text-book in history is chiefly responsible for the present interchange of warring opinions. Reading the Bible in schools forms no part of the controversy. Deeper questions are at stake touching upon actual instruction in morals or religion as a part of public-school training. Whatever one's opinions may be the question is, and always_ has been, invested with peculiar difficulties and surpassing interest. Man's use-fulness as a citizen depends upon his character as a man. This, in turn, depends upon his educa-tion, and the State in educating for citizenship has no right to neglect . that which will insure sound moral character. Hence it is claimed by many religious teachers that there is no way out of it but to teach religion in the schools. This, we apprehend, is a fair statement of the case as re-gards those who would have the Bible read in school, and who would add specific religious in-struction to the public-schbol curriculum. But there are various' grave objections to carrying out such a scheme. Among the pupils to be educated at the expense of the State are the Protestant, the Catholic, and the Jew. Each of these groups looks upon-  different portions of the Scriptures as the Bible, and there is no common ground where all, could meet, except in the Donay translation of the Mosaic Scriptures, and this 