v.z.,_,111,i(7\11111f/  1111111 1111g   III' !1111111 1111111 1111111 111111 , COUNTY JAIL, DAYTON, RHEA COUNTY, TENNESSEE. "If any Man Hear My Words, and Befieve not, / Judge. him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 10. NEW YORK, APRIL 11, 1895. NUMBER 15. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PiiCIFIC PRESS. PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Enterecl -at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, -- -CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. BALLENGER, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. IN JAIL FOR CONSCIENCE' SAKE. ,OuR forefathers sought to lay broad and deep the-  foundations of religious liberty in this favored land. - Having themselves felt' :the heavy hand of  ment to the National Constitution provides that "Congress shall make no law= respecting an establishment -of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The constitutions- of most of the States of the Union- contain similar guarantees of free-dom of-  religious faith and practice; and of these guarantees none is more ample than that contained in Section 3, Article 1, of the Declaration of Rights of the State of Tennes-see, which declaresŠ That all men have- a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own consciences; that no man can, of right, be compelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or to maintain any minister against his con- Sunday law of Tennessee. In this issue we present to our readers a picture of the jail at Dayton,-Rhea County, where eight Seventh-day Adventists, including the principal of the closed academy and his first assistant, were imprisoned, March 8, for no other offense than doing ordinary secular work in a quiet and-orderly manner, and permitting it to be done upon the school premises, on Sunday. The indictments under which these men were convicted,, were (varying only in names and dates_) as follows:Š STATE OF TENNESSEE RHEA COHNTY. Circuit Court, November Term, 1894. The Grand Jurors for the State aforesaid, being EDITORS. "We are not, or should not be, living in an age of religious persecution. Yet EIGHT OF OUR BEST CITIZENS ARE BEING KEPT IN THE COUNTY JAIL, because as Seventh-day Adventists they conscientiously violated a bad law, that says they MUST observe the first day of the week as the Sabbath instead of the seventh. A good community has been disorganized; A splendid school, that has been diffusing the rays of knowledge among the people, has been broken up. The remedy is to change the law; and do it as quickly as possible."ŠDayton ( Tenn.) Republican, March 9. oppression, they the better understood the value of liberty, and sought by declarations of rights and by constitutional guarantees to make it sure to all future generations. The founders of this Government held that rights exist independently of government; that men are endowed with these rights by their Creator,' and that they are inalienable. In harmony with this fundamental princi-ple of,  our Government, as set, forth in the Declaration off Independence, the First Amend- sent; that no human authority can, in any case what-ever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no preference shall ever be given, by law, to any religious establishment or mode of worship. But notwithstanding this seemingly ample guarantee of religious liberty, persecution for conscience' sake is to-day rife in Tennessee. Three weeks ago we published in these col-umns a picture of the Seventh-day Advent-ist academy at Graysville, closed by religious bigotry pad intolerance under color of the duly summoned, elected, impaneled, sworn, and charged to inquire for the body of the county afore-said, upon their oath present : That Elder Colcord, heretofore to wit on the 30th day of September, 1894, in the county aforesaid, did unlawfully do, exercise and carry on the common avocations of life, the same not being acts of real necessity or charity, on Sunday, to the common nuisance, against the peace and dignity of the State. Ł A. J. FLETCHER, Attorney-General. The following is the warrant for the arrest of Elder Colcord, President of the academy, 