528 AMERICAN-  SENTINEL. NEW YORK, AUGUST 24, 1899. THE annual convention of the Na-tional Reform Association for 1899 will be held in New York City next December. The organ of this asso-iŁiation states that "no pains will be. spared to make this the most telling' convention that has yet been held in the interest of National Reform." THE papacy stands for a union of church and state. Its adherents claim to be good citizens of the state, and are such, no doubt, in many cases. But they can be good citi-zens, and at the same time good Catholics, only in a state which is united with the Catholic Church. Roman Catholics can be good citi-zens of the United States only to the extent that they repudiate the prin-ciple of,church and state union. A LETTER from Mr. W. J. Morgan, of this State, who holds the office of comptroller, to the Rochester Union and Advertiser, states that "the Rev. 0. P. Farren, Roman Catholic clergyman, received $1,200 last year for his services as chaplain" of the State Industrial school. And these "services" were performed under the "Freedom of Worship" bill passed some years ago by the New York legislature, after much discussion, under the provisions of which Ro-man Catholic priests were to be per-mitted to hold religious services in certain state institutions, without cost to the State. This was what advocates of the bill said when it was before the legislature; but it turns out that the state now pays such clergymen $1,200 a year, and in addition allows "$5 a month for car fare for the Sisters of Charity." THE Frenoh police at Rennes in  hunting for the assassin of M. La-bori, chief eounsel for Dreyfus, care-fully searched a Jesuit institution on the outskirts of that city, as a place where the fugitive might' be expected to have fled. That the Jesuits are leagued with the anti-Semites of France, is a fact well known to the French authorities. It is generally believed that France is on the verge of a revolu-tion. A pent-up volcano is shaking the foundations of the republic,Ša volcano of moral and political de-pravity. The leading men in public lifeŠhigh generals in the army, an ex-president of the republic, and others Šappear on the witness stand under one anothers accusations as liars, perjurers, forgers, etc., Šmen utterly without conscience; while the mob parades through the streets of Paris shouting "Death to the Jews." What has brought France to such a condition? The answer may be summed up in the words, Jesuit-ism and Militarism. These two great forces represent the opposition to the French republic. Both are natural enemies of republican gov-ernment. And these two evilsŠmilitarism and the church in politicsŠare rapidly on the increase in the United States. THE Christian Statesman, organ of the "National Reform" move-ment, says that "The most enthusi-astic admirer of the United States will not claim that, in the deepest sense of the words, we are a nation in true allegiance to God and Jesus Christ." This is what the AMERICAN SENTINEL has always said; and it follows that since the nation is not Christian in the deepest sense, it is not really Christian at all; for in our relation to God, nothing but truth in the "deepest sense" is acceptable. His actions have all the "deepest sense" of their meaning for us, and we likewise must manifest the deep-est sincerity towards him. The National Reform Association hopes however to make this "a truly Christian nation." That is its  avowed object. But to secure this the association is not working to convert individuals to the Lord, but to secure "a wide range of reforms" by legislation. It looks to the na-tional and state legislatures, and to other political bodies, to secure what it wants to make the nation "truly Christian." Possibly it will succeed in getting all the legislation it desires; but even should this be so, its task will remain unaccom-plished; for reform legislation is one thing, and the reform itself is quite another thing. The latter by no means necessarily follows as a result of the former. Faith is the one sure means of gen-uine reform. It is the one sure means of moral purification. This is God's means of reforming all that can be reformed in the world. If leg-islation could bring the needed re-form, God could legislate and enforce it too, far beyond any thing that man is able to do. But he works by faith in the individualheart. What-ever is capable of exercising faith in Christ, can be reformed according to God's idea of reform, and nothing else can be. As for the world and all that is of the world, the only thing that awaits them is the coming day that shall "burn as an oven" (Mala-chi)Šthat day of fiery destruction foretold by Peter, when the very ele-ments shall "melt with fervent heat." That is the only kind of reform that awaits this world. IT was better in the Creator's view than sin and death should enter and mar the universe, than that His creatures should be deprived of the liberty to -do either right or wrong. What higher testimony could be given to the value of absolute relig-ious liberty? PEOPLE who enact a Sunday law bind themselves with the chain they forge for others. , RELIGION mixed with politics makes a mixture good only for political purposes. 