AMERICAN SENTINEL. 243 adopted, 2600 Indian pupils would be without school facilities after the present fiscal year, as the govern-ment schools were entirely inadequate. Mr. Thurston stated that the contract schools were established by the Catholic Church for missionary purposes and for the advancement of a great Christian purpose. He said that the commissioner of Indian affairs had au-thority now to purchase the buildings of the contract schools, but the Catholic Church, desiring to continue the work of the schools, declined to sell them to the United States. He was satisfied that in any event there would be no diminution of school facilities. "A stirring speech was delivered by Mr. Vest of Missouri. Prefacing his remarks with the statement that he had always been a Protestant and had no sympathy with any of the dogmas of the Roman Cath-olic Ohurch, he pronounced a brilliant eulogy upon the Jesuits for their work among the Indians. Mr. Vest paid tribute to Booker Washington for his great work among the colored people of the South. Prof. Wash-ington had struck the keynote of the negro problem, he said, by teaching the colored youth how to labor. This, he added, was the true secret of the success of the Catholics in their work among the Indians. This great undertaking had gone forward until, Mr. Vest said, `the A. P. A. and the cowards who are afraid of it,' had struck down the appropriation for the continuance of the work. He declared he was ashamed that any American should uphold such work of a secret political society. He would denounce it if it were the last accent of his life. He ridiculed the A. P. A. for adopting a resolution demanding his impeachment for saying in the Senate what he was now saying. Mr. Vest elo-quently told of the results of the work of the Jesuits among the Flathead Indians, saying that the Jesuits had rescued these Indians from degradation. He de-clared that the Jesuits were not doing the work for love of the Indians, but 'for the love of Christ.' In my opinion,' he said, 'every dollar put by the Government into the Indian schools might as well be thrown into the Potomac river with a lead weight attached, or burned up with the idea that the smoke, by some mystic power of idolatry, would accomplish the work for which it was appointed.' " do not believe,' said Mr. Lodge of Massachu- setts, addressing the Senate in a brief reply to Mr. Vest, `that it is right to tax one man to support another man's religion.' Upon that proposition Mr. Lodge maintained it was not right to appropriate Govern-ment money to support any branch of the Protestant church, yet, he stated, when he opposed the payment of money for the support of Catholic schools, he was called a 'bigot' or 'an insectivorous politician.' It was a plain and simple principle, he said, that the public money should not be used for the support of any sect or religion. 'I never belonged to a secret society in my life,' contitued Mr. Lodge, 'but I'm not to be de-terred from doing what I deem right by having the name of one flaunted in my face.' "Mr. Vest asked Mr. Lodge if he had not supported the taxing of Catholics in Massachusetts for the sup-port of the common schools. Mr. Lodge replied that he had, but as the common schools were open to all and taught no creed he regarded the taxation as per-ec tly proper. 'I attack no creed,' said Mr. Lodge,  recognize the great work accomplished by the mis-sionaries of all denominations and that done by those to whom the senator from Missouri so eloquently refers. The sacrifices of the missionaries are among the most beautiful pages of our history, but they can-not affect the principle which I have laid down.' " Mr. Gallinger of New Hampshire opposed the pro-posed amendment in an earnest speech, in the course of which he referred to the work done by Dr. Duncan among the Metlakatla Indians. Mr. Vest followed with a beautiful story of the same work. Mr. Shoup of Idaho called attention to the fact that while Mr. Duncan's work was the most notable, in his opinion, ever accom-plished by one man among the Indians, he had per-formed it without one dollar of assistance from the United States Government. The debate was closed by Mr. Carter of Montana, who pleaded for school facilities for the Indian children in Montana. He said there were 1073 children in Montana to-day who would have to be educated in the contract schools or go without educa-tion in any form, as the facilities supplied by the Gov-ernment were inadequate. An aye and nay vote on the amendment was demanded. The vote was ayes 14, noes 21, not a quorum, and the Senate adjourned with the amendment still pending." The'position demanded by the principles of free and just government was clearly stated by Senator Lodge. To give to these or to any sectarian schools money raised by taxation, is to tax people to support a re-ligion in which they do not believeŠan act declared by the founders of the Govenment to be "sinful and tyran-nical." Tax money is raised by force, and the support of religion by such means is the support of religion by force. And this embodies the whole principle of a union of church and state. - Civilization vs. Christianity. WRITING of "Missions in South Africa," Rev. Charles S. Morris, Field Secretary of the African Baptist Indus-trial Mission Society, says in The Examiner:Š "Without the missionaries the condition of the natives would be worse by far than if the foot of civil-ized man had never touched South African soil. Civili-zation simply has no message for a savage but death and extermination, unless it is accompanied by, or better still, forerun by the gospel of Jesus Christ. The devil of heathenism, when not east out by the Son of God, seems to get the seven evil spirits of civilized sin, and together they go back and re-enter the savage, and the last state of that man is worse than the first. Without the missionaries the natives, who here and there are becoming somewhat educated, who here and there wear civilized clothes, and thousands of whom worship the true God, would be wandering skin-clad, daubed in red paint; the women, as in all heathen coun-tries, man's beast of burden and his toy; the men strut-ting from kraal to kraal, drinking Kafir beer, selling their daughters for so many cattle, or bargaining for other wivesŠall steeped in vice, degraded, superstitious, hopeless, reprobate." 