''264 ANIthaL-EliCA.NT VOL. 8, No. 26. many, a pair of twins were buried whilst still alive, but no living church ever arose out of it as the result." They have indeed not undergone any radical change for the better, as far as their relation to the State and their real spiritual life is concerned. Indeed, they still stand as they always stood, tied, so to speak, hands and feet, and this is the very reason why free churches of various sects have arisen in their very midst, offering as they do the privileges and liberties of freedom from the State, in religious matters, both in doctrine and practice. Whilst in some governments, and above all in Russia, the State makes it exceedingly difficult for these dissenting churches to exist and prosper, they, in spite of it all, do both, because the salvation of souls makes their existence imperative; and they will con-tinue to exist as long as the gospel is to be preached in all the world, in spite of all that human powers can do to the contrary. AUGUST KUNZ. Truth Its Own Defense. GOD will care for his own truth; he has never authorized any man or government to enforce it. But he has commissioned all the powers of the world above to work in its behalf. He who stands on the side of truth stands with the great and finally victorious majority. Even though, com-pared with self-exultant forces of oppres-sion, the strength of the truth may appear small, stillŠ "Truth crushed to earth will rise again; The eternal years of God are hers." Jesus Christ is the embodiment of truth. He said, " I am the way, the truth, and the life." The same truths that Jesus taught and that find exemplification in his life are contained in the written Book. Jesus says, " Thy word is truth." Since Jesus is the truth, no man can receive the truth as it is in Jesus, except he receives Jesus himself. And he who has Christ Jesus will certainly have the mind of Christ. If this be the case, then his char-acter will be in harmony with the follow-ing : " Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus; who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God; but made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men; and being found in fash-ion as a man he humbled himself, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross." Nothing will be done through strife or vainglory; but in lowliness of mind, each will esteem others better than themselves. Phil. 2: 5-8. To Jesus was given all power in heaven and in earth. Matt. 28: 18. He had " power over all flesh." John 17 : 2. He was equal to the Father. But although he possessed such power, he never de-scended from the true dignity of his great work to compel any man to receive him or his word. He disclaimed_ any disposi-tion to do anything of the kind. He draws men to himself, but he never drives them. Men cannot be driven toward the driver. Like the true shepherd, Jesus goes before his flock, and they follow, attracted by the power of his love, his gentle voice, and his unselfish devotion to the good of others. He encourages his followers with these words : " If ye con-tinue in my word, then are ye my dis-ciples indeed; and ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free."  John 8:31, 32. There is freedom and joy with the truth of God as it finds its way to the hearts of men. How free from every taint of oppression and persecution ! It has behind it power of the Infinite One; it is urged upon the conscience by the heavenly agencies under the gentle suasion of offers of pardon, peace, love, and lib-erty. If men will not accept, it can wait; but there is consciousness of strength in the cause of God that gives to the believer unspeakable confidence in him in whom he lives. It arms him with fortitude to do and to bear, knowing that his cause will be vindicated at last. But when we cross the line into the domin-ion of error, how changed all things become. Error requires the assistance of carnal measures. As it cannot have help from above, it must seek that which comes from beneath. This is the only strength it has ever had. Error does not always employ force; it more frequently uses de-ception and persuasion. It uses every possible art to win followers and is not scrupulous as to the character of the means, so long as the end is accomplished. But we may set it down, that while error is not always represented by physical force, the truth of religion never is. It can only be used in connection with that which is earthly, and not with the spirit-ual. If coercion be introduced into any sacred work it would at that moment lose its sacredness. So that when any reli-gious work or system employs human force in its prosecutions; we may know that that is not the work of God. It is a tacit confession of the weakness of their cause when those who profess to be working for God appeal to Cesar for assistance. No one who has the truth has any need of such help, nor can he afford to accept it if it were offered him. But the impotency of error leads its ad-vocates to seek such help. Those who have for their faith and practice, thus saith the Lord, and can point to the ex-ample and precept of Christ as a basis for what they teach, are not found at Csar's gate pleading for enactments and decrees to give force to their doctrines. Those who teach the pure Word of God have the energy of the Holy Spirit to attend their words, and they need no earthly alliance. But when the gold becomes dross, when the words of man take the place of the Word of God, then the heavenly energies are withdrawn, and to support the tottering cause the civil arm is brought into requi-sition. Persecution is never used except in sup-port of a cause that Is morally weak and rotten, and scripturally unsound. Hence we place moral weakness among the causes and sources of persecution. Per- secution is made to supply the place of moral power. What a wretched substi-tute !ŠG. C. Tenney, in the Religious Liberty Library. The Gospel Knows Nothing of Force. CHRISTIANITY is the religion of Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ is the only mani-festation of God. No man knoweth the Father " save the Son, and he to whom the Son will reveal him." Matt. 11 : 27. Therefore whatever religion is not the religion of Jesus Christ, is not the worship of God, and must be heathenism. There are only two systems of religion in the worldŠChristianity and heathenism. Christianity is the religion of love.  " God is love," and love is the fulfilling of his law. Jesus Christ is the manifes-tation of God's love to man; "for God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have ever-lasting life." John 3 :16. Whatever re-ligious practices therefore do not spring from love, are not a part of Christianity, but are a part of heathenism. But love knows nothing of force. It cannot be forced. " Does your dog love you ?" said a man to a boy. " Indeed he does," replied the lad; "he knows that I'll pound the life out of him if he doesn't." Such " love " as that does not afford any satisfaction to either party. Forced service is not love, but is slavery. Therefore compulsory religious service, not being a service of love, is not Chris-tianity, but is essentially heathenism. But law means force, for a law that cannot be enforced is not a law. Therefore it is absolutely impossible that religion by law can be Christianity. Enforced religious observances, no matter of what kind, are no part of Christianity.ŠPresent Truth, London. The Russian Method of Evangeliza- tion. THE Contemporary Review for April contains an article by E. B. Lanin, on Constantine Pobedonostseff, the Russian religious censor. It affords an excellent idea of the beauties of a State religion, logically and consistently applied, as will be seen from the small portion of it which follows. It may be necessary to state that the term " orthodoxy," as used in the article, refers to the established religion in Russia. " As it is part of his duty to present, every year, a lengthy memoir to the emperor on the condition of orthodoxy in Russia, it is but natural that he should be eager to display a considerable balance to the good; and his efforts to bring about this result occasionally betray him into acts which, while they strike Euro-peans as grotesque or immoral, leave his conscience serene. His instructions to bishops in heterodox districts, putting them under an obligation to proselytise, have led to an organized and compli-cated system of conversion by force and pious fraud, obviously based on the view that mere formal registration in the Orthodox book of life, though accom-panied by immorality and followed by irreligion, is better far than an honest faith in God, worshiped under some uncouth name, and an upright life out-side the true fold. Bishop Benjamin, of Siberia, for instance, instituted a sort of Buddhistic hunt every year, which terri-fied the unfortunate Booryates far more than it improved them. A certain num-ber of men, women, and children were annually told off, and inscribed in a special list of ' individuals liable to holy baptism,' and on the date fixed would be driven down to the river, immersed en masse, and then left to the practice of Lamaism as before. I read a letter from one of their chiefs last year, in which he describes himself as hiding in the forest, suffering all kinds of hardships, because unwilling to be baptized, and earnestly pleads for mercy. I met another in January last year, who had come to St. Petersburg to plead for toleration. As the bulk of these unfortunate people have not the faintest inkling of the 