'AMERICAN 'SENTINEL that a pugilist may have better manners than a clergy-man.',  * THE retort seems well-deserved. There are too many clerics who take advantage of their cloth to indulge in language which, if used by a layman, would very likely be followed by a blow. This is, however, not always delib-erately done. It is often merely an effect, not fully ap-preciated, of long impunity and of constant associations with others similarly circumstanced. * THERE has lately been running in the Katholische yolks Zeitung, a German Catholic paper published in Baltimore, a remarkable series of articles, purporting to be from the pen of the president of the new Catholic University in Washington City. There was a report that the president had disavowed responsibility for the views expressed in his name, but this seemed an improbable statement, in view of the standing of the newspaper and the well known high character of its publishers and pro-prietors. Now comes an interview with the president in which he frankly acknowledges the authorship of the papers and insists that they contain not merely his own personal opinions, but the very essence of true Catholi-city. In consequence, they assume great importance and deserve the close attention of all thoughtful Protestants as well as Catholics. * THE articles are cast in the form of a dialogue, sup- - posed to take place between a good Catholic and his duly authorized spiritual adviser. They deal with that curi-ous phase of ecclesiastical controversy which has arisen from the growth of "liberalism" in the American Roman Catholic Church, which brought Satolli to the United States, and drove Bishop Keane from Washington to Rome.Ł, The Catholic layman, of course, is a mere "figure head," corresponding, for the purpose in hand, to the big bag t hat the pugilists hang up to "punch" for the exercise. it is a classical idea, and in skilful hands, like the present, it is a very effective way of writing. * * THE layman in question, you understand, has a rather pronounced inclination towards the "liberal" school, and h4 wants to know if he may not legitimately follow its way, and if not, why not. A t the same time he is pre-pared to yield his private judgment to the better wisdom of his professional guide, philosopher and friend, and he is just in the state of mind which enables him to ask the questions best adapted to bring out the latter's strong-est points in reply, and to recognize their force when they are put before him. The result is foregone and he seems perfectly convinced of his error in every number of the paper, though he always comes back for more of the same sort in the next issue. * * * THE gist of the instruction which this anxious in- quirer receives, is that "liberalism" is merely a form' of heresy in the Catholic theology ; that Leo XIII., so far from feeling kindly disposed towards the new "move-ment," is violently antagonistic, to it, and has said so more than once; that, in short, no one can be a Catholic and a liberal in religion at the same time. Condemna-tion, in no halting or equivocal phrase, is put upon all Catholics who pretend the contrary. * * * Fr seems to me that the learned president is correct. There are only two principles affecting religious beliefŠthe principle of authority\and the principle of private judgment. Between the two appears no middle ground. Catholicism stands for the first. It is her very founda-tion-stone, the cause, the excuse, the essence, the mission of her organization. Protestantism stands, or ought to stand, for the very opposite. The contest between the two for the mastery of the human mind can never, under the immutable laws of thought, be compromised, or set-tled, until the church Militant shall pass into the church Triumphant. Tuts is not to say that there are no liberal Catholics. If avowal counts for anything, I have known such in the priesthood iteelf. But the point is, that these people are liberal in spite of their church, and not because of it or even iu harmony with its faith and spirit. To'the, extent of their liberality they are Protestants. Their position is a protest against the church's teaching and tendency, even though they may not be conscious of the fact. The president of the Catholic University evidently does not intend to be numbered among the church's protestors against intolerance and bigotry. His position is per-fectly logical and perfectly consistent. The only wonder is that any one in his church should differ from him. 4-1.- Do BIBLE BIBLE reading and prayer in the public schools constitute worship? If so, they are prohibited by the constitutional provision of the States against compul-sory support of any place of worship. If they do not constitute worship in the pul ,lic schools, do they constitute worship in the churches? If they do not, then it cannot be truthfully pleaded that churches should be exempt from taxation as places devoted wholly to public worship. But if these exercises constitute worship in the churches, they must also constitute worship in the public schools. This point furnishes ground for an antichristian jour-nal of this city to charge the representatives of Chris-tianity with "pious evasion" of their obligations ; and the force of the objection must be admitted. 