AMERICAN SENTINEL. 413 has met so far are the indifference of the Liberals toward religion and toward the Society's books and the general prejudice against Protestantism.Š The Independent. AT the late session of the Presbyterian General Assem-bly the "Committee on Sabbath Observance" presented a report, which was adopted, "declaring the law of the Sabbath to be a perpetual obligation upon all men; calling upon all within the church to use their influence for the biblical observance of the day by abstaining from the purchase and reading of the Sunday newspaper, from all forms of amusement and unnecessary work on the Lord's Day; deprecating the opening of the gates of the Omaha Exposition on Sunday; commending the American Sab-bath Union and its allied societies, and recommending that each pastor preach on the subject on some Sabbath in next October. The Board of Publication and Sabbath-School Work was requested to prepare a lesson on Sab-bath observance." New Tracts. THE three new numbers of the Apples of Gold Library treat of The Power of God, The Sabbath, and Coming of the Lord. Following is a description:Š Kept by the Power of God, No. 49, price 25c per 100. In this tract we are shown in verse and script-ure how, when, where, why, and from what we are "kept by the power of God." Judging from the depth of thought and earnestness expressed, the author wrote from experience gained by a living faith. The reader will find in this tract much that will inspire to a life of faith. The Day of the Sabbath, No. 50, price $1 per 100. A series of earnest questions on the subject of the Sabbath, covering most of its scripture phases, and bring-ing the truth home to every candid mind in the most direct, convincing, and least prejudicial way. Many of these questions have been successfully used by the author, Eld. S. W. Raymond, in his experience in the past. The Heralds of His Coining, No. 51, price $1.50 per 100. Presents in a brief, yet clear and con-vincing way the fact that our Lord is coming again, the manner of his coming, and many of the chief signs which conclusively show that his coming is near. It is illus-trated with a helpful diagram. The coming of Christ is the greatest event before the world to-day, and this little tract is sent out with a prayer that it may, under the blessing of the Lord, con-vince men that this is really so. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. A Card. BACK VOLUMES of the SENTINEL. WE have on hand the following bound vol-umes of the SENTINEL in first class condition:- 4 Cloth, leather back and 1 Manila cover, 1 Cloth, 4 Manila, 1 Cloth, 4 Manila, corners, Vol. CC CC Cf CC C6 CC 6, it 8, C4 10,  CC 11,  CC 1891. CC 1893. 46 1895. CC 1896. CC 10 Cloth, 8 Manila, We have also the following volumes slightlyd amaged:- 3 Cloth, Vol. 4, 1889. 1 Manila, CC 6C 1 Manila, 5, 1890. 1 Cloth, 4C 8, 1893. 1 Manila, it CC We will send the above volumes, postpaid, to any ad-dress, for the following prices:Š Those in first class condition, Cloth, $2.50. Manila, 1.50. Those damaged, Cloth, 1.50. Manila, 1.00. AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. TO OUR PATRONS : I. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co.. not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromising v opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THR International Religious hiberty Assoeiatiou. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Single Copy, Per Year, $1.0t. EL Six months, .50 Ea Three " .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 