Equal and exact justice to all rrieri, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 2, 1890. NUMBER 39. The Ameilean Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY Alla PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. REFORMS are not to come from political organizations, but from your own individ-ual work and mine. In order to make that example effective we must be on the side of right and justice.ŠCol. R. W. Thompson, Terre Haute, Ind. AFTER speaking of the adherence of Seventh-day Adventists to the secular theory of government, the Christian Statesman says :Š Many other Christian people, including many ministers of religion, are intelligent and thorough-going secularists in their political beliefs. Certainly they are; and their numbers are rapidly increasing. Nor is this strange, since the attention of thousands is now being called to this question who never before gave it a serious thought. WE have often said that the great un-derlying motive of the Sunday-law agi-tators is a desire to secure the co-operation of the State in making men religious. Mr. Crafts, the founder of the American Sabbath Union, denies this; but Rev. D. C. Knowles, D. D. says that that is the whole "problem in a nutshell." In an article in the New York Christian Advo-cate, of September 4, Mr. Knowles says :Š This Nation needs to cultivate a profound respect for law by showing its true relations to individual and public good. This is especially* applicable to Sunday legislation. Multitudes are indifferent to laws relating to secular business on Sunday, be-cause they think men are not made good by law. They feel that moral agencies alone are to be trusted; but how can moral agencies have their fullest influence on the public conscience unless  law shall lay its prohibitory hand on the whirring wheels of business, and command, " Peace, be still ? " Human cupidity will destroy that Sabbath calm which is so peculiar to our American Sabbath un-less we arrest its action by law. When that relig-ious calm has departed, how can our moral agencies reach the masses ? This is the problem we have before us. The soul needs quiet if it would appre-hend God and duty, and this quiet is the product of law. Discard the law and the quiet goes with it, and ere long all forms of industry will be in full blast. It is our duty to have conditions most favor-able to the saving influences of the Gospel, and this is the Sabbath problem in a nutshell. This is a plain confession of just that which we have always asserted, namely, that Sunday laws are directly in the in-terests of religion, and that they are de-signed to be so. Those Non-Sectarian Sects. ON the subject of the appropriation by Congress of public money to church schools, we have already given the history and the facts. We have also noticed the protest that was entered after it was dis-covered by the Protestant churches in-volved, that the Roman Catholic Church was getting an increase when they could get none. But, as already shown, there was nothing heard of the protest by any of the Protestant churches so long as they, with the Catholic Church, got their proportionate share of the. public plunder. It was only when they discovered that the Catholic Church was getting something that they could not get, that a protest was raised. This illustrates the beauties of that idea of non-sectarian religion, that is made so much of nowadays, and which is de-manded shall be taught by the State and the Nation in the public schools. By this it is seen that the theory of the non-sectarian religion is apparently a very nice thing, and seems to work very well so long as each sect gets its proportion of the public plunder; but just as soon as one denomination gets a little advan-tage over the other, then the jealousy of all the others is aroused; that denomin-ation instantly becomes " sectarian," and  whatever- appropriation is made to it be-comes an appropriation for " sectarian " uses. All the other non-sectarian sects then stand up nobly, and in righteous in- dignation virtuously " defend American institutions " from the encroachments of sectarianism. In this we speak from the Record. Among the protests that were made in Con-gress on this subject when it was under consideration, was one from that so-called League for the Protection of American Institutions, which has its headquarters in this city. From all that we can gather, it appears that the chief protest was raised and carried on by this League, and the following is a part, if not all, of the protest that was made. It was read by Senator Jones, of Arkansas, as a statement which had been sent to him by an " emi-nent man, a minister, resident of New York : " Š Last year there was given to the Roman Catholics, for Indian education, $356,000. They demanded from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs $44,000 more, making a total of over $400,000. The request was denied, and the Commissioner announced that he would not extend the contract system, and would make no contracts with new schools. On this the Catholics endeavored to defeat his confirmations, but did not succeed. Foiled in this raid upon the public treasury, they then attempted to accomplish their ends through Con-gress. In the Indian Appropriation bill as intro-duced into the House of Representatives there are two items, one appropriating $8,330 for a Roman Catholic school at Rensselaer, Indiana, and the other appropriating $12,500 for a Roman Catholic school to be opened among the Mission Indians in California. The special appropriations for the Roman Catho-lics in the Indian bill for last year were, for St. Ig-natius school in Montana $45,000, and for Roman Catholic schools in Minnesota $30,000. This made a total last year of $75,000. The total amount this year is $95,830. In addition to this large sum they will demand of the Commissioner, doubtless, the same amount granted them last year. It should be remembered that in 1886 the amount of money secured from the Government by the Roman Catholics was $184,000, and in 1890 it had reached the large sum of $356, 000. Is it not time that this perversion of public money to sectarian uses should cease ? Now that would be an excellent protest 