THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 37 majority may compel observance to the Sun-day laws as a religious duty, the may with equal propriety compel obedience to every Outward requirethent of religion repreSente,c1 by the majority. This would carry all Prot-estants back to the bosom of the mother church, obliterate all outward schisms, and usher in the millennium, according to civil law. "We are glad, to protest against the injus-tice which the view presented by Professor Rittenhouse would do the Sabbath-keepers--Jews and Christians. It is quite enough that custom and the influence of the majority lay unavoidable burdens upon them. It is con-sonant with neither Christianity nor republi-canism to formulate enactments which legal-ize these disabilities, or add to them. Sab-bath-keepers do not hold to the Sabbath as a matter of convenience, as many avowedly hold to Sunday; much less is it a whim of secta-rianism.' They seek to obey the law of God without modification or evasion. The civil regulations and ceremonial excesses which Were peculiar to Judaism are discarded by Sabbath-keeping Christians, in accordance With the example and teaching of Christ, the Lord of the Sabbath. "Thus standing, we cannot cease to assert our right to'full recognition before the civil law, and doubly So when it is claimed that civil enactments should coincide with the law of God. Freedom of conscience is not the exclusive.right of the majority, and it is but the dust of sophistry and of special pleading to say that this is not assailed when the civil law prohibits a man from legitimate business on a day when God commands him to labor, under the plea that the majority must not be disturbed in the observance of a legalized but unscriptural institution. Men may say, pa-tronizingly, that religious proscription is not intended,' but the fact remains that it is established and defended by several of the existing Sunday laws; and if, the theory of Professor Rittenhouse is the theory of the Na-tional Reform movement, it is none too soon to call a halt along that line." 44 Ł 4. The California Church and StateŁ Con-vention. THE California State Prohibition Conven-tion was held in San Francisco the fiat week in, April. The first words of its platform were these:Š " The Prohibiton party of the State of Cal-ifornia in convention assembled, reverently recognize Almighty God as the supreme ruler, to Whose laws all human laws should conform.", The seventh plank in its platform is this:Š "We declare that Sunday is an institution:  so interwoven into our laws, our customs, our civilization, and the very structure of our Gov-ernment, so intricately and beneficently con-: netted with our social, business, and moral life, that we cannot dispense with it without sac-rificing the very best interests of the country and the highest welfare of the whole people. And so believing, we demand the enact-: meat and enforcement of an, intelligent anct rational Sunday law." The discussion of these two: parts of thei platform isiof interest, to those who are watch-i  ing the growth of religion as a power in pol-itics. We quote from the published report:Š " The first section being read, about twenty delegates jumped to their feet for recognition. One clerical gentleman, with long gray hair, and wearing. glasses, made a long address in which he mixed up religion and politics, de-claring that the party ought to recognize the Young Men's Christian Association and the Women's Christian Temperance Union, and that pre-eminently the convention ought to adopt the reverential section addressed to the Almighty. "Mr. Robinson, of Sonoma County, wanted to stop and calmly consider the fact that the gentlemen of the Republican party did not lug religion into their platform. It,was un-wise to do anything to bring about a conflict' of religious opinion. He believed that God Almighty cared little for compliments to him passed by a Prohibition convention. The speaker objected to bringing in the Church and State. " Before he could proceed further the speaker was greeted by shouts of, 'No, no yells and hisses. "The chairman shouted, 'Time, time !' and hit the desk vigorously with his gavel. "Mr. Robinson, having by this time caught his second wind, made a motion to strike out the section recognizing God in the platform. "Another howl of indignation arose from the opposition, who were greatly in the ma-jority, .while amendments and amendments to those again were offered, and the matter became so twisted up that the convention hardly knew where it stood. The original question being finally put, the entire first sec-tion, with the objectionable recognition of the Deity, was carried, there being only two or three opposing votes." "When the seventh section was read Dr. Yarnell, of Los Angeles, moved to amend by striking out the word-  `Sunday' and substitut--ing Sabbath.' "Mr. Robinson, of Sonoma, who seemed to have as clear an idea of business and dispatch as any member of the convention, again bobbed up and said that the motion was only recurring on the question of Church and State. He moved to strike out everything relating to Sunday. "Dr.' Calhoun, of San Jose, threw himself into the breach and declared that Sunday was not an institution, 'while the Sabbath was. By using that term you used none that was objectionable to anyone. The reverend gen-tleinan then went back 1,800 years and began an argument on religion in general. "Miller, of Los Angeles, moved to lay the amendments on the table. After argument had been going on for ten minutes the chair ruled the question was not debatable. "Judge Bourne, of San Bernardino, cut the Gordian knot by offering an amendment that nothing in the platform interfere with the re-ligious observance of Sabbath by Christians if so disposed. "One member objected to the motion be-cause it would cut off Hebrews. "Henry French, of San Jose, declared that he wanted to put himself on record right', here, and say that, he would not live in a country where there was no Sunday; he'd rather go to the Fiji Islands first. Shut up the saloons from Saturday night 'until Mon-day morning and they would soon be com-pelled to close up entirely. "Judge Elliot, of Stockton, said that if the, party went into the campaign with the Sun-day plank in the platform, they would have. to pass half the time in convincing the peo-ple that it was-not a religious movement. "After half an hour of debate, Judge  Bourne's amendment was lost by a vote of 73 to 84. "The original resolution as presented in the platform originally was adopted." This we insert not so much for comment at this time, as for the purpose of setting be-fore our readers a view of the rising of the evil tide which the SENTINEL has been point-ing out now for nearly three years. When opposition to Church and State is met in a Prohibition or any other sort of a convention with, "No, no, yells and hisses," then such convention ought to be condemned by every man who has any regard for civil and relig-ious liberty, for human right, or for purity in either politics or religion. This is more than "a straw" showing which way the re-ligio-political wind is blowing. The Church and State party is now the proper name for the Prohibition party of California:  An Alarm Needed. IN the March SENTINEL we made an ex-tended quotation from the Christian Union, of which the following is the most important portion :Š "It is not impossible that the time may come when the old antagonism Of the Cath-olic and the Protestant may appear insignifi-cant in view of the deeper antagonisms which shall make them essentially one. . . . It is quite possible that the time may come when the -real issue will be between the theist and the atheist; the man who believes in God, and order, and freedom, and rights of person and property, on the one side, and the man who disbelieves in all these, on the other side. Whenever that time comes the Protestant and the Catholic will stand side by side in a con-14 mon defense of those common beliefs which have been their mutual possessions these many centuries. Stranger things have hap-pened in history than such a change of at-titude as would be involved in the fellow-ship of the Roman Catholic and the -Protest-ant." This quotation is only one of many similar utterances, and as we showed in that number of the SENTINEL is nothing but the prepara-tion for Church and State union, because that is the one distinctive feature of the Roman Catholic Church. But the Christian Union does not profess t3 follow denominational lines very closely, and therefore it may be thought that its utterance does not in any degree represent the. drift of modern Protestantism. Accordingly we pre-sent another statement very similar to the above. The Rev. Dr. Henry M. Field, editor of the New York Evangelist (Presbyterian) said in a recent issue of his paper :Š " The late President Hitchcock often said to us, when we discussed the dangers to soci-ety from socialists and communists, that we might yet come to look upon the Roman Catholic Church as the most conservative power in the country, if, by its influence over the Irish, it should keep them from running into the excesses by which so many of the French and Germans were carried away. It is conservative also in preserving the name of Christendom against the great flood of infidel-ity which is sweeping over the land. Here is a tremendous power exercised by the Roman Catholic Church over millions of our country-men, and it is the height of folly and fanat- 