e American Sentinel. Equal and exact"justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠTomas 7eferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 6, 1890. NUMBER 6. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. A BEAUTIVUL illustration of the benefit which the Church derives from an alliance with the State' is presented in the case of the English Marquis of Ailesbury, who is the patron of twenty-one church livings in the Established Church, while at the Same time he is debarred from all English race-tracks for cheating.Š Review and Herald. ,,No intelligent man will condemn our churcheS as long as they are kept entirely distinceand separate from the State. But every Republican and every Democrat, every American should resent to the bitter end every attempt of any church to mix "things spiritual and things 'temporal," to join Church and State, or to make 'laws to compel men to conform to' any code of morals.Š.Topeka Republican. THE Christian Advocate of this city notices a recent case at law, in which ar, verdict was brought into court on Sunday, and says :Š .;Coloneutigersoll, for the defenclent, rose to move to set aside,, or for a new trial. Judge Ingraham declined to transact any business on Sunday, be-yond the mere receiving and recording of the ver-dict, necessary to relieve the fury; and told the anti-Christian to wait till Monday.,  If the latter and his abettors (some of, them nominal Christians) get their way, there will be no rest-day in this country. The SENTINEL, is not an admirer of Mr. Ingersoll, nor are we in sympathy with his views upon religious questions,, but we fail to see in the. facts stated by the Advocate, any justification for the fling made at that gentleman and "his abettors." We have no idea that Mr. Ingersoll wants any judge to do bisiness on Sunday if he dosn't want  to, nor do we know of anybody who wants the laws of the land so changed that courts shall uniformly do business upon that day. If judges and other court offi-cials want to observe Sunday religiously or otherwise:nobody ought to object, and the SENTINEL does not object; but it does object to laws requiring those to observe Sunday who do not wish 'to observe it, and that whether they religiously observe another day or not. An Impcirtant Discussion. MONDAY evening, January 13, at the annual meeting of the Presbyterian Union of New York City, there was a discussion upon the question, "To what extent, if any, should religion be taught in the public schools?" Dr. Josiah Strong, secretary of the Evangelical Alliance, and Dr. David G. Wylie, argued in favor of religion in the schools; Doctors D. H. Greer and Howard Crosby argued against it. It was an in-teresting discussion. Dr. Strong led. He began by criticising the Roman Catholic position. He said that position is to be regretted but not to be wondered at. The object of the public school is to make good citizens; the object of the parochial school is to make good Catholics. The removal, therefore, of the Bible from the public schools as a concession to Catholics would be a needless sacrifice, because the primary object of Roman Catholic teaching is the Roman Catholic religion, and any school in which that is not taught is not accep-table to the Catholic Church. In answer to the Roman Catholic call for the division of the school fund, he said it would prob-ably destroy the public school, and would certainly violate the principle of the entire separation of Church and State. He ar-gued that the public schools are not Prot-estant because distinctive Protestant doc-trines are not taught. Now it is certainly a distinctive Protestant doctrine that the Bible, without note or comment, is the Word of God. And when Protestants insist that the Bible, without note or comment, shall be read in the  public schools, and the Protestant Bible at that, and then claim that the schools are not Protestant, and that no distinctive Protestant doctrine is taught there, is to be guilty of a casuistry that stultifies every one who makes such an argument. The speaker next turned his attention to the " secularists." He said : " The secular theory is built on a wrong application of a right principle. The right principle is the entire separation of Church and State, while the wrong application of the princi-ple is a failure to make a distinction be-tween the Church and religion. There must be a separation between Church and State, but there must not be a separation between religion and the State. Our GoV-ernment is, and always has been, religious. The principle of separation between Church and State forbids sectarian teaching in the public schools; but the principle of the union of religion and the State does not forbid undenominational religious instruc-tion." But he did not tell how the State was to discover what is undenominational. He said, " Self preservation is the first law of nature. If the State has a right to exist, it has the right to do whatever will perpetuate that existence." This is not a valid argument at all. It bears the blem-ish of the whole National Reform system; that is, that the State is an intelligence separate from the people who compose it. If the State were an individual, as really as is any individual person, then this argument might be allowed. But the State is no such person. The State has a right to exist simply because it is impos-sible for it to do otherwise. The State cannot commit suicide; the State exists in the nature of things as the result of the existence of man in society. In the sense in which the words were used by Dr. Strong, the State has not the right to do whatever will perpetuate its existence. Because, especially in religious things, what seems to the State necessary to per-petuate its existence, is often only a cruel, unmitigated tyranny. And even then it is doubtful whether the existence of the State is perpetuated thereby. Ii the early 