682 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ous predecessor, or in our own Encyclical Letters, has given clear guidance to the faithful as to what should be their thoughts and their conduct in the midst of the dif-ficulties of times and events. There they will find a rule for the direction of their minds and their works." In an Encyclical dated 1.885, the Syllabus is again approved, and the doctrine condemned that "each man should be allowed freely to think on whatever subject he pleases," and the government condemned under which "every one will be allowed to follow the religion he prefers." But it would be superfluous to quote testi-mony of this kind, since each pope is bound to approve all the doctrines set forth by his "illustrious predeces-sors," and to maintain that the church, under their guid-ance, cannot possibly err. Such are the principles of Rome, by her own state-ment; and every lover of religious freedom and civil lib-erty is bound to oppose them everywhere and always to the utmost of his power. But in this he is not opposing Roman Catholic people. It is in the interests of no class more than of Roman Catholics themselves that these evil principlesŠthis religious despotismŠwhich the pa-pal system embodies, should be obliterated from every mind. "Imperial Power" No Help to the Gospel. [A. London (Eng.) religious journal has the following to say on the subject of imperial power as related to the propagation of the gospel in India, which may be profit-able reading for some interested in the problem of gospel work to be done in the new American possessions ac-quired by the war.] THE power of God, manifested in all creation, is the power in which the gospel is to go as a witness to all people. This was the encouragement with which Christ sent forth his disciples. "All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth. Go ye therefore and teaeh all na-tions." Matt. 28: 18,19. It was in this confidence that the early church bore its testimony. When opposed by earthly rulers their only appeal was to God, "which hast made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and all that in them is." Acts 4:24. Paul so taught and labored that the faith of his converts "should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God." 1 Cor. 2:5. As the churches have failed to rely to the full on the strong arm of God for efficiency, weakness has come in, but instead of returning to the Lord, recourse has too often been had to the world. Protection and favor are sought from earthly governments, but these, while min-istering to carnal pride and the desire for worldly stand-ing, are found poor substitutes for "the exceeding great-ness" of God's power. Dr. Fairbairn is about to visit India for the purpose of delivering a series of lectures on the Christian religion, for the Haskell Trust. The duty of the trust is to pro-vide "distinguished men to discuss with representatives Of the leading religions their different forms of faith, to  show the points in which they agreed and differed, and to enable those who followed each better to understand the feelings of the other." Dr. Fairbairn is considered to be preeminently fitted for such work, and his ap-proaching visit to India was made the occasion of a complimentary dinner at the Holborn Restaurant. After the company had drunk to the success of his mission, "Dr. Fairbairn, in replying, expressed himself as feeling the responsibility rather than the pleasure as-sociated with his undertaking. It would have been easy to go to learn, but the puzzle was how to go to teach. Religion in a sense was but an incident in the life of our people. We were an imperious race, if not imperial. It was very difficult for a religion of peace to be carried out by a people of dominion; it was very difficult for the peo-ple who were ruled to receive the religion of the rulers as a religion that was a religion of peace and humility. Christianity would have a far better chance in India if it came in its own right, to speak in its own name in abso-lute dissociation from the imperial power." These words are true. Christ's kingdom is not of this world. Its sole concern with the world is to save out of it all that will be saved, and "imperial power," connected with its work, is only a source of weakness. Those who plead that the church is helped by the money and influence of the world should remember what God said to Amaziah, when he hired a hundred thousand mighty men of 'valor out of Israel for an hundred talents of silver. "There came a man of God to him, saying, 0 king, let not the army of Israel go with thee; for the Lord is not with Israel. And Amaziah said to the man of God, But what shall we do for the hundred talents which I have given to the army of Israel? and the man of God answered, The Lord is aMe to give thee much more than this." 2 Chron. 25. Man's Benefaction Vs. God's. "Present Truth." (London, Eng.) THAT which expresses man's highest idea of benefac-tion is "the greatest good to the greatest number;" the gospel of God, however, brings the greatest good to everybody. It is itself the highest good,Šsalvation, complete salvation of body, soul, and spirit,Šand it is "to all people." God leaves nobody out of his calcula-tions. The free gift has come upon all men unto justifi-cation of life. Many men think that they do very well if they do not do much evil. If in their great schemes for human advancement only a few people are made to suffer, they count it unto themselves for righteousness. But he who does injustice to a single soul is an enemy of the human race, for humanity is one. This fact may be a great en-couragement to the many whose sphere is limited, and' whose opportunities are few; for since humanity is one, he who does good to a single soul is a benefactor of mankind. More than this, he is counted a friend of the Lord. 