694 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 1. The cemeteries were intended for Catholic burials; 2, they were consecrated for that sole purpose by the ceremonies of the church; 3, the church has always, through its priests, indicated what bodies were entitled to ecclesiastical burial; 4, the municipalities have al-ways acquiesced in this arrangement; 5; non Catholics have never with the consent of the church been buried in consecrated ground, but always outside the walls in the unconsecrated portion. The argument from these facts is, in essence, that immemorial usage constitutes a right; that what the church is called upon to conse-crate it has the right to guard against desecration; that it would not have consecrated the cemeteries on any other condition. "It must be admitted, I think, that this makes out a strong case. Let us see what considerations may be advanced upon the other side. This condition of things arose under a government under which church and state were combined. The governor general was Patra-nato Real, and the bishop had second place in rank in the civil administration. Municipalities wtre con-strained to allow the participation of the church in control of burials, because of the legal position of the church. I do not say that it was necessary to put pressure on the municipalities. It was natural and cus-tomary and according to the fitness of things to have the cemeteries consecrated. But the municipalities were not at liberty to do otherwise. Now church and state are to be kept separate. What is the right of the state, and what is the right of the church, under the new con-ditions? If the Gordian knot cannot be united, shall it be cut? "The cemetery is not only the place where those who die may be buried, but where they must be buried. Per-sons may or may not use the church while they live. They can exercise choice and stay away from it, if they prefer; but there is no choice as to burial. That is 'compulsory. Here is a cemetery created and maintained at the expense of all taxpayers in the district. It is ad-mitted that the title is invested in the municipality. -Can it be lawful to refuse burial to any inhabitant, sim-ply because the parish priest will not certify that he is entitled to ecclesiastical sepulture? General Henry was satisfied that the claim of the church was good, and is-sued an order instructing municipalities to allow the priest to indicate those entitled to burial in consecrated ground. He also obliged the municipalities to keep the cemeteries in proper condition. This would seem to be contrary to the principle of our Constitution. If the cemeteries are civil property, should the church be al-lowed to intervene and forbid some to be buried within their walls? If the church, on the other hand, has the right of control over burials, over, in fact, the only use which a cemetery can have, ought it not to provide for its maintenance? In answering these questions the pe-culiar circumstances must be fully considered. I am not sure as to the right answer. The city receives all the burial rents and returns, which are sufficient to keep the grounds in condition. But I am doubtful of the expedi-ency of dual control. "A former governor-general gave permission to bury a Protestant in the cemetery at Ponce. The church opposed it, but its obstruction was overcome by force and the burial accomplished. In many cemeteries after American occupation, the rule was released, and  all bodies accompanied by the usual certificate from the municipal judge were received. A few municipalities took action, opening their cemeteries to all. There are, in some cases, separate grounds for the burial of non-Catholics; but they are commonly outside the walls and are unsightly and ineligible places. Freethinkers, Protestants, Jews and those Catholics who die without the rites of the church are shut out of the cemeteries by virtue of General.Henry's order; other places must be provided for them. Thus families may be separated. Catholic conscience ought not to be forced. Neither should a minority, however small, be deprived of a civil right. It ought to be possible to arrange a modus vivenda, (not for the dead who make no trouble) by which Catholics and non-Catholics shall have equal burial in municipal grounds. The graves of Catholics can be consecrated; as in the case of the Sherman family, some of whom were Catholics and some not, yet they lie peacefully side by side, with no right denied and no conscience forced. . . . "The question of church property will have to be considered in another article." A Politico-Religious Proclamation. "St. Paul (Minn.} Globe." THE closest approach which we have yet made on this side to the British state paper known as thequeen's speech is furnished by the altogether remarkable Thanks-giving proclamation of President McKinley. It is a pity that it cannot be subjected to the same criticism and analysis which attend the royal pronouncement. It is the first time that such a document has been made the vehicle for conveying to the people a glorifica-tion of the policy of a partisan administration, or that we have been asked to accept as blessings direct from heaven the consequences of a given political policy as those consequences present themselves to the eye of a President exhausting every means to perpetuate his own and his party's power. . . . It asks this people to thank God because our na-tional finances have been strengthened, and because those engaged "in maintaining the honor of the flag" have been spared from disaster and disease. Another cause which should bring us to our knees before the Most High, . . . is that the power of the United States is being rapidly established throughout the Eastern archipelago. This . . . represents such a perversion of the Chris-tian principle from which our practise of setting one day of each year aside for thanksgiving arises as to suggest thoughts of the value of religious and moral hypocrisy as a political agent. Heaven be thanked, there are manifold blessings for which this people should approach in reverence and thankfulness the Author of all good without offending against every canon of true Christian belief by dragging the sordid concerns of partisan politics into the sancti-fied domain of religious duty. 