210 TT-TV AMERICAN SENTINVT, buildings and lovely grounds he has pre-pared,  for their reception, and tells them to put their paintings and statuary in the art gallery, and their machines in the tool-house, and their stock in the barns, and to " come right in and make them-selves to hum." All goes off nicely until Sunday morning, when Uncle Sam tells his guests that it is contrary to his reli-gion to look at their exhibits on that day, and that he has to go to church and would like to have them go too. But some pagan, speaking for the rest, says, "No, thanks; we do not care to go, but don't let us interfere with your ob-serving the day as you think best. It is no more than right that everyone should have that privilege. We will just stroll about and look over this great show while you are gone." " Ahem, yes," says Uncle Sam, "but don't you know it is contrary to my creed to allow any one else to look at such things Sunday ? I have to lock up the horse barn and the cattle sheds, :and the tool-house, and the art galleries ;and everything, and take the keys to church with me." And the astonished pagan says, " Why, how is this ? Whose show is this, anyway ? You don't say that we can't even look at the jewels and the pictures and the statues and ten thousand other things that we have brought here ourselves and that belong to us ? ' " Oh, no," says, Uncle Sam, " it would not be right to do it, you know the Bible says we must observe the Sabbath day and keep it holy." " But," says the pagan, " who is going to desecrate the Sabbath ? Is there anything unholy in looking at this collection of the most won-derful and beautiful things ever made by God or man ? And as to your Bible," says the now irate heathen, " we have no objection to your believing it and con-forming to its ceremonies, but where did you get the right to insist that others who do not believe it should conform to them also ? And what will we all do while you observe your Sabbath if you shut up the house and carry off the keys?" " Why," says Uncle Sam, " you can sit on the front steps or go down into the parks if you will keep off the grass,' and amuse yourselves until I get around." And as he departs the unregenerate heathen swears by Buddha, Brahma, Confucius, or Zoro-:aster, as the case may be, that he never iheard of that way of entertaining com-pany before, and adds, "Hurrah, boys, let's go down and paint the town red."ŠA. W. Haydon, in the Lansing, Mich., Grange Visitor. Why Appeal Is Made to Law. THE Chicago Advance (Congregational- ist), of Aug. 11,1892, referring to the clos-ing of the World's Fair by act of Congress, and what is to be dote with the twenty-two Sundays during the time of the Ex- position, says:Š At the best, Chicago is bound to be enormously overrun during the Fair, and the customary quiet-. ude of the Sunday will inevitably be much broken in upon. Streets will be thronged and city rail-ways crowded, though not to any such extent as would be the case were the Exposition to be kept open. In that case, excursions from every quarter ,would fill the whole city with noise and tumult. This last statement is simply an admis-,sion that the great masses of the people in this country would disregard the Sunday ,Sabbath if they had a chance to do soi  and ;shows that all the Sunday keeping gov-ernmental action, touching the closing of the Fair on Sunday or Sunday observance  in general, can result in is simply that which is forced upon the people. Those professed Protestants who have been re-sponsible for urging upon and extracting from Congress this action would do well to ponder the words of Martin Luther, the great champion of the Reformation and leader of Protestantism. He said :Š It is with the Word we must contend, and by the Word we must refute and expel what has gained a footing by violence. I would not resort to force against such as are superstitious: . . . nor even against unbelievers! Whosoever believeth let him draw nigh, and whosoever believeth not stand afar off. Let there be no compulsion. Liberty is of the very essence of faith. But the most probable reason why force has been resorted to in this matter of Sun-day observance rather than the use of the Word is because of the consciousness of the fact that, the Word does not sustain the Sunday Sabbath. W. A. COLCORD. To Be Done a Little Later On. ATLANTA, .Georgia, is gradually coming to the front on the Sunday closing ques-tion. The police of that city have just had under consideration whether or not they would close all the book stores on Sunday. As some of the book stores sell the daily papers, and desire to keep open on Sunday morning for that purpose, there was opposition to closing on their part. One member of the committee having this matter under consideration, said that they " might as well stop all the newsboys and close up all the news stands on Sun-day as to make a certain book dealer close his doors." To which another member re-torted that "he was in favor of doing that at the proper time, but it was not under consideration now." That is the way of it. The seemingly innocent things they are asking now in the line of Sunday legis-lation, are only a prelude to the rigid and meddlesome puritanic laws that they will bring out a little later on. A. 0. TAIT. Will They Accept the Alternative. Is it civil legislation for a religious day, Šor is it, religious legislation for a civil day,Šor is it civil legislation for a civil day,Šor is it religious legislation for a re-ligious day,Šwhat is it that is asked? The following editorial item from the Gazet-teer, of Denison, Texas, puts a much finer point on the question of a civil Sunday than its advocates would wish to see:Š Pious people in this country of the orthodox stripe, profess to be greatly shocked at the custom in France and Mexico of holding general elections on Sunday. But it seems that some of the most influential citizens of Denison,. " including the pas-tors of nearly all the churches," approve of it. At least we suppose they do, as they have called a " mass meeting " on Sunday to consider a question that is purely civil in its character, the securing of legislation by the city council, having for its ob-ject the enforcement of the Sunday law. The .Gazetteer is confident these pastors will never admit that the Sunday law is a religious enactment, and they can not show that the observance or non-ob-servance of Sunday, as a holy day or rest day is a moral question, or that there is any requirement for such observance of higher authority than a church edict. Will they accept this alternative? Either Sunday is civil or it is not. It is religious or it is not. Which horn of the dilemma will they take? They must ac-cept the one or the other. The one which they will take is the one they have taken before. History repeats itself. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THE ministers, of Freeport, Ill., are engaging in a vigorous campaign to secure the enforced closing of all kinds of business in that city on Sunday, and also to stop base ball and other forms of Sunday amusement. THE Cincinnati Post publishes a news item from Washington, Ind., narrating the arrest of a clergy-man of that town, who is also a city councilman, for running his saw mill on Sunday. It is not stated to what denomination the clergyman be-longs. SOME enthusiast upon Sunday closing at Bar Harbor, Maine, has had the State Sunday laws printed on a folder and has taken the trouble to mail them to many residents of Bar Harbor. Whether this is intended as advice, warning, or exhortation, has not yet appeared. THE Chicago Evening Journal says:Š If any one supposes that the American Sabbath Union, the Columbian Sunday Association, and the Chicago Ministerial Union, are resting from their labors because Congress has ordered the Ex-position to be closed on Sundays, he is greatly mis-taken. The Journal then publishes at some length the plans of these different organizations for the en-forcement of the Sunday laws in Chicago, begin-ning with the Sunday closing of saloons. They openly congratulate themselves that they have the Sunday laws already on the statute books, and all that remains for them to do is to secure their enforcement. PITTSBURG is to be deprived of Sunday music.in her parks if the Law and Order League can have its way. The Dispatch says:Š "President McCrory, of the Law and Order Society, is after the Sunday sacred concerts in Schenley Park. He was in City Hall yesterday seeking information as to who paid the bands fur-nishing the music. Controller Morrow, to whom he applied, could not tell, but he agreed with Mr. McCrory, that the Sunday concerts were a desecra-tion and should be suppressed. Mr. McCrory started away declaring he would see about the matter at once." THE Catholic Mirror says of the action of Con-gress closing the World's Fair on Sunday :Š Surprising it is that those who are thus act-ing with the idea of keeping the Sabbath holy, do not see that the course they insist upon will be the very one to embitter thousands against Christian-ity and religion. Deprived of their rights in this way, they will see in the system which forces this wrong upon them, something odious and intolerable. . . The blunder on the part of Congress is to be regretted, and all the more, since it was not made from the impulse of principle. The mem-bers simply had not the courage to resist the pres-sure of the fanatical element which urged the Sun,  day closing, and in yielding must have done so with a secret feeling of shame for their own want of moral fortitude. The Catholic Mirror understands the origin of Sunday and knows what constitutes its proper ob-servance according to the views of its originators. The Mirror, however, does not seem to be in ac-cord with the advocates of the enforced observance of the American Sunday. They should go back to the foundation head of Sunday authority and learn what is befitting that holiday of the Church. THE corresponding Secretary of the American Secular Union, in an article to the Boston Investi-gator, of August 17, says :Š " Congress has betrayed the people. Ignoring the Constitution, it has recognized a religion. The World's Fair Commissioners, the corporation into whose hands had been entrusted the honor of the Nation, have accepted the bribe, a paltry $2,500,000, 