THE AMERICAN' SENTINEL. 245 Persecution in Sweden. SWEDEN.  and Russia have allied them-selves closely in one instance of religious persecution, according to the following letter from a Swedish correspondent to the London Daily News :Š "There has lately been formed in Sweden a society calling itself the Utilis-tic Party, with the object, as far as I can learn, of promulgating the views of the Utilitarians (Jeremy Bentham's and. Mill's I presume). It consists principally of university students and young men of letters, and some of these, with the en-thusiasm of converts, have been going about the country lecturing, and in this stronghold of Lutheran orthodoxy and in-tolerance getting themselves into trouble with the authorities. Prominent among these has been a gifted young man, of letters, Henry Berghell, a bachelor of philosophy, and he also was prosecuted some time ago for a lecture he had given in a country town and sentenced by the town court to three months' imprison-ment, on the ground that the doctrines propagated in the lecture were subversive of the Christian religion. Mr. Berghell lodged an appeal to a superior court, which doubtless would have quashed the sentence, but unfortunately he lacked means to proceed with it, and so the sen-tence was confirmed. He was then* ar-rested and sent to the prison at Malmo, on the sound, to undergo the punishment. While there, it seems the government au-thorities at Stockholm found out that Berghell had been born in Finland, and Was, therefore, not a Swedish subject. A bright idea then occurred to them, by the carrying out of which this troublesome young enthusiast could be got rid of. "There exists a convention between Sweden and Russia for the mutual sur-render of criminals belonging to either nation; and Berghell being now a crim-inal in the eyes of the law, having been,  condemned to imprisonment, it was de-cided to send him over to Russia as soon as his prison term was completed. Poor Berghell, on being acquainted with this decision, and having probably the mines of Siberia before his mental vision, pleaded hard to be allowed to go to En-gland or America; but no, the ' ukase ' had gone forth from Stockholm, and to his native land he must go. Last Wednes-day morning, accordingly, he was con-ducted by the Swedish police to Copen-hagen, there to be put on board the steamer Nidaros, leaving for Hango, in Finland; and now comes almost the most disgraceful part of the proceedings. " On arriving on Danish ground, Berg-hell claimed to be free, and refused to move further, but the Danish police were only too ready to lend a willing hand. Their conduct was most shameful, for Berghell had infringed no Danish law, his offense only being that he had relig- ions views differing from those of the Swedish clergy. Berghell was induced to enter a cab to be driven to a police-station, but instead he was taken to the steamer and pushed on board (kidnapped, indeed), a Swedish police officer accompanying him to Russia. It is most distressing to read in the Copenhagen papers that he looked like a man whose tale of life was told, and one can not help shuddering for the fate that may await him. " On the evening of the same day a question was asked in the Swedish Second Chamber of the Riksdag about the reasons of the Goverment for this expulsion, but the chamber decided with one hundred and sixteen votes to eighty-three that the question should not be put, and of course, literally speaking, the Government has kept within the letter of the law." What They Want. A FEW days since Rev. McClain, of the Methodist Episcopal Church, Chicago, said in the course of a sermon, that this Sabbath movement is about to take its place among the great American move-ments, by a union of all the believers in Sabbath reform, and intimated that a great national party would be formed on that issue. A circular letter has just been sent to every evangelical minister in the United States, soliciting his co-oper-ation in this Sunday movement. Of late it is being argued that all should arouse to earnest action, because those in favor of opening the World's Fair on Sunday are really depriving the people of their religious liberty. Any one who will read the foregoing items and not see that there is cause for serious reflection in regard to this ques-tion, is certainly not familiar with the facts of history. The religion of Jesus Christ does not interfere with human lib-erties, but, on the other hand, it alone makes men free indeed ; but ecclesiasti-cism, calling itself Christianity, has often caused the most cruel persecutions in the name of Him who said to the ardent Peter, " Put up thy sword." Is not the spirit of Peter seen in some of the move-ments of our day and country ? We are often quietly assured that there is no dan-ger. But when a national movement is seriously talked of, and when a national circular is sent out asking assistance in securing the observance of a day of relig-ions rest, is it not time for us to open our eyes and look around ? It will be said that they do not want the religious Sun-day enforced, only the " civil," " Amer-ican " day is desired; but the religious phase of Sunday is as inseparably con-nected with it as the crimson dye in the wool. And it would be just as reasonable to make a great parade of the good offices of wool, even though it be dyed red, and extol its great benefits for the laboring man especially, and everybody in general,  and urge that all be compelled to wear garments made from wool and say no account is to be made of the crimson col-oring matter. But it is there, nevertheless, and no amount of washing or rubbing or scouring will take it out. You must des-troy the whole fabric if you get rid of the color. Just so with Sunday. The relig-ious coloring matter has been so thor-oughly soaked into all its particles by its continued associations from the age of Constantine till the present day, that it would completely- destroy the proposed Sunday rest day if the religion was taken out of it. Says Dr. Crafts, " take the re-ligion out [of Sunday] and you take the rest out." It sounds very nice, unless we think of it closely, to talk of a civil American Sun-day. But as surely as such a thing is ever secured and enforced by law it will have another adjective greatly emphasized and prefixed, and it will be enforced as the civil American RELIGIOUS Sunday. It could not possibly be otherwise. When an institution is really composed of but one element it is useless to talk of requir-ing its observance without having that element in it. Let those who believe they should ob-serve Sunday do so if they like. But compel no one to observe any religious institution. Such a thing cannot be done without serious harm growing out of it. A. 0. TAIT. Some of the Things Done. THE Sunday Observance Association of Kings County, New York, has been hold-ing meetings in Brooklyn, where printed slips were distributed containing a state-ment of " Some of the things done;" among which is the appointment of a " State Committee " of one from each county to assist in the enforcement of Sunday laws throughout the State, and to organize influence for the prevention of any amendments which shall tend to weaken or do away with existing Sunday laws. With this is also a list of fifteen things they wish to do, among which is " Special education and pledge work among Sabbath-school children," and the offering of " prizes for essays on various phases of the Sabbath question." In an address to the " Friends of the American Sunday," prefacing an abstract of the eighth annual report of the Associ-ation, which was also given out at the same meetings, is the following remark-able language. More than one of our loved, honored, and re-spected institutions are in danger, and none more so than religious liberty, represented by the old flag. Religious liberty is wantonly assailed by vandal hands. The rights, privileges, and protec-tion guaranteed the people is jeopardized. Abol-ish our Sunday laws, and the inalienable right of every American citizen to rest and worship is denied. The same thing is accomplished if these laws are not enforced. Shall they be ? It all de-pends on you. You can control and dominate the 