AMERICAN SENTINEL. 731 The Bible says "drunkards shall not inherit the king_ dom of God." Gal. 5:21. How is it that the whole nation is energetically seek-ing for worldly pleasure, in preference to the power of God? The Bible says they who do this have a form of godliness, but deny its power. 2 Tim. 3:4, 5. How is it that the whole nation is so lukewarm in following Jesus? The Bible says that the Saviour will spue such out of his mouth. Rev. 3:16. How is it that the missionary societies are impeded from extending their evangelistic operations through lack of financial support? The Bible says a tenth of all received should be given to support the house of God. Mal. 3:7-12. How is it that the pastors complain so bitterly of the poor church attendance? The Bible says the true Christian loves to go to God's house. Psa. 122:1. How is it that the spirit of hatred enters into even the sacred precincts of the church? The Bible says, he that says he loves God and hates his brother, is a liar. 1 John 4:20. And liars cannot enter the kingdom of God. Rev. 21:8. How is it that some aspire to regenerate our land by legislation? The Bible says the blood of Jesus Christ alone can cleanse from sin. Zech. 13:1; 1 John 1:7. How is it that National Reformers would employ force to compel others who dissent from them to embrace their opinions? The Bible says, "God is love;" Christ draws, but never compels. Songs of Solomon 2:4; Hosea 11:4; John 12:32. Now if this state of things exists, and no honest man can deny that it does, how can our friends who pose as National Reformers, still persist in denominating this a Christian nation? To be a Christian one has to experi-ence in his own life the regenerating influence of the Spirit of God. And when that Spirit is in the man it will soon demonstrate itself and prove the person possessing it to be a new creature in Christ Jesus; since the fruits of the SpiritŠlove, joy, peace, long-suffering, gentleness, good-ness, faith, meekness, temperanceŠwill reveal themselves in lives of good Christians. It is a great error to think God will save a nation collectively. Only as the individuals composing that nation call upon the name of the Lord can they hope to be saved; and not until every individual in the country has personally applied to Jesus for pardon can the na-tion be classified as Christian. If we call the United States a Christian nation do we not stigmatize with the most lasting reproach the name of Christ? Compare our own Christian nation with any so-called heathen nations and you will find in a great  many respects the balance is in favor of the heathen, as against the "Christians." They steal not, neither participate in "sharp" commercial enterprises or specu-lation, neither do they blaspheme, nor use alcoholic drinks; and not only this, but they are ten times as fer-vent in following their religion as are the vast, vast ma-jority of "Christians" in pursuing theirs. When we seek to change and regenerate our nation by human laws, do we not seek to convert people by hu-man righteousness? When we seek to uproot evil by any other means than the preaching of Jesus Christ, it is be-cause we are ignorant of God's righteousness, and we go about to establish our own righteousness, having not submitted ourselves to the righteousness of God. Rom. 10:3. And since we know that "our righteousness" is as "filthy rags," valueless; so, too, we know that any legis-lative effort to change the lives of men is not only value-less, but opprobrious and repugnant to all men of ordin-ary intelligence and understanding. May we then receive the divine righteousness into our hearts, and show what it is to be Christians in truth, since only then shall we be able to follow the Lamb whithersoever he goeth, and in this present generation "to be blameless and harmless, the sons of God without rebuke in the midst of a crooked and perverse natibn, to shine as lights in the world." In this way only can God be glorified, and the reproach taken away from his cause. BISHOP DOANE, of the Episcopal Church, has added his voice to the many that have already spoken for American ecclesiasticism in favor of imperialism. In his annual address to the priests of his diocese, recently, he said:Š "I am not frightened by the alarming sound of this new-coined word 'imperialism,' which may mean much of good or much of evil. The brave and honest, and it seems to me the sensible and the only attitude is that of waiting upon God, to learn and get from him the wisdom and the grace to work out his will, which has carved out with sword and cannon and musket, by fleets and armies, a new place for this people among the nations of the world. We have won, not a victory over a brave but feeble foe, but we have won unity among ourselves, the knitting together of the English-speaking race, the deliv-erance. of an oppressed people, an open way among the nations for a purer faith, a truer liberty, a finer civil-ization." This expresses that "enchantment to the view" which is lent by distance. When we get closer to the actual facts and circumstances of that life and government with which the American nation is to bless subjected races, we see little indeed of "a purer faith, a truer liberty, a finer civilization." Republican government has become cor-rupted at its fountain head; faith is dying out of the churches; and liberty is becoming lost amidst the up-heavals in social and industrial life. Yet now, as ever, Christianity stands as the sure refuge of individual free-dom. 