390 THE SENTINEL, OF LIBERTY. RUSSIA CAN WAIT. "Russia," says Mr. Brice, "can afford to wait. She has scored a great success. She has made another of those onward steps by which, more frequently with-out war than through war, her territory is constantly growing, and her influence extending beyond the lim-its of her territorial authoity. She is now predominant in Persia, a hopelessly feeble state with a vast area and a scanty population. She is also predominant in Manchuria, and will, when her Trans-Siberian Rail-way has been completed, be able to terrorize China. Across the whole length of Asia, from the Black Sea on the west to the Yellow Sea on the east, she can, when she pleases, add without difficulty many thou-sands of square miles to her dominions. Having time on her side, she is prudently anxious to perfect her railway system and have some money in hand before she absorbs fresh districts on which much money would have to be spent. Still more recent eventsŠevents still future when Mr. Brice was writing his article for the Saturday Evening PostŠfurther strengthen Russia's position, especially in eastern Asia. The Czar was the only European ruler having a really effective land force within easy striking distance of Peking at the time of the "Boxer" outbreak there, which, it seems pos-sible, may end in the speedy partitioning of the Chinese Empire. WHY ENGLAND HESITATES. "The times have been when such an advantage as Russia has gained by the virtual admission of her influence over the whole northern part of the Turk-ish Empire," says Mr. Brice, to say nothing of the advantage she is now gaining in China, "would have filled the English with alarm and aroused them to op-position. Even so late as 1878, Lord Salisbury's An-glo-Turkish convention bound England to defend by arms the Turkish frontiers against the Czar. But England is now so absorbed in her South African troubles as to have no thought of those interests in the Orient which were lately held so precious." From Mr. Brice's viewpoint at the time he wrote, "sudden and startling as this change in English policy is, it" did not seem to him then a thing to be regret-ted. "It had become impossible," he says, "for Eng-land to support the Turks, and it was impossible for her to replace their bad government by a better one of her own. She was too far offŠshe has her hands already too full in other places. She may see without disquiet the partitionment of Asia Minor between Germany and Russia, for she was not in a position to claim a share, even would it have been to her interest to do so. Egypt, which she has got already, which she has done much to improve, and which she seems  now likely to keep, is really a burden rather than a source of strength. The influence of Germany cannot fail to better the lot of the unfortunate Christian sub-jects of the Turk, nor will she show herself unfriendly to American missions and to Western education, as the Russians sometimes do. And if England wishes to keep Russia from coming down to the coasts of the Levant, the interposition of Germany is, from the En-glish point of view, to be regarded as an absolute gain." "These, however," he concludes, "may be deemed minor matters. The great fact which stands out is the admission which Russia has at last secured of her exclusive influence over the whole northeast of the Turkish dominions, and the acquiescence of her three old antagonists of Crimean war days. France is silent, because she must have the alliance of Russia at all costs. England is silent for the reasons already set forth. Austria and Italy follow Germany, and Ger-many has got her own share. We seem at last to see, in dim foreshadowings of the future, the outlines of a settlement of that 'Eastern Question' which has so grievously perplexed English and Continental states-men for more than a century." An Interference With Religion. With reference to the prosecution of a seventh day keeper in Greensboro, N. C., to which we refer else-where, the editor of the Greensboro Telegram says the following in defense of the action taken: "Were the keeping of one day in seven a matter of religion solely, grounded upon the sole fact that it is a Biblical command, then men would have a right to keep whatsoever day they chose, and the state would have no right whatever, upon the principle on which our system is founded, to take any notice of the fact at all. The state would have no right to say what day should be observed, any more than it would have the right to say whether baptism should be adminis-tered by immersion or by pouring. Were the Sabbath only a religious institution, by taking note of it and regulating it by law, the state would be abridging re-ligious liberty, because some citizens hold that the first day of the week is the proper day, while a very large class hold that Saturday is the day, and yet oth-ers believe in Friday. By forcing a believer in Sat-urday to worship on Sunday, that man's religious free-dom would be destroyed. From that standpoint, Mr. Johnson would undoubtedly be right. "But Sunday is not merely a religious institution, it is more. As a mere religious institution it could not be reconciled to the principles of our government, as Mr. Johnson suggests. It is an institution founded upon facts of physical experience which happen to coincide with Biblical commands. The experience of mankind has taught the physical truth that more can be accomplished in a given length of time by working six days and resting one, than by working seven and resting none. Thus it is best for society that this pr in- 