*,1";111 p111111 111111, 1: 40 41,1* Oilii1;111 ERICAN SENTIN "IF ANY MAN REAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT. ,ŠJesus Christ. VoL. 12, No. 42. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 28, 1897. Single copy 3 cents. the American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. 4Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay sor it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) "JUDGE nothing before the time." CIVIL government was never designed to be a rival to the gospel in saving men from immorality. THE one necessary qualification for admission to the society for discovering what is proper for other people, is to have a good-sized beam in your eye. RELIGIOUS intolerance is only one form of selfishness. "For the glory of God" is a phrase which very often, properly traLsYated, would mean "for the gratification of self." THE Almighty has undertaken to provide a country in which there shall be a righteous citizenship; and his plan alone, of all those that are being tried, will prove successful. IT is just as possible to realize national prosperity independently of individual prosperity, as to secure national righteousness independently of individual right-eousness. THE God of heaven and earth put the stamp of his -own image upon man at his creation, and yet this has not saved man in many instances from sinking to the moral level of the brute. What salvation then can be ,expected for the nation from merely inserting the name of God in the Constitution. ONE thing that is very much neglected in the at= tempted solution of the "labor problem," is the divine call and invitation, " Go, work to-day in my vine-yard." Here is work for all who want work, and an Em-ployer who is invariably kind and just to his help. A BAD principle or a bad religionŠas, for example, the papal religionŠis as much the foe of the one who has espoused it, as of the one who opposes it. Bad principles underlie all bad religion; and in opposing them the SEN-TINEL is not opposing any man, but is seeking rather to rescue men from their most dangerous foes. What it says in the advocacy-of its principles, it says in behalf of all men, regardless of their race or belief. The Cross and the Flag. THE symbol of the new crusade which calls itself "Christian citizenship," is a cross, twined about by the flag of the United States. We do not question the fitness of this symbol to rep-resent that proposed union of religion with the state for which "Christian citizenship" stands. It is very suggest-ive on this point. But consideringthe cross as the sym-bol of Christianity, the emblem becomes altogether in-congruous. The American flag stands for the nation, as distinct from all other nations; for the interests of the United States, as distinct from those of all other countries on the earth. It has no meaning or significance which is not distinctly sectional. Christianity, on the other hand, is distinctly non-sectional. It is for all classes and races of people alike. There is an American flag, but there is no American Chris-tianity; there is an English flag, but there is no English Christianity. Nor is there French Christianity, nor Scan-dinavian Christianity, nor any other national Christiftn-ity. There is Christianity,Šsimply that, and nothing more. 