116 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. resting on Sunday is gained to an equal extent by resting on Saturday, and as to the good of society we challenge anyone to demonstrate that a society observing the seventh day is not outwardly, to say the least, as good as one which observes the first. But in spite of Mr. Fowler's lit-tle defection at the close of his speech, we think it is a good one, and commend it to the careful perusal of all our readers. E. J. W. +.- A Shaky Foundation. WE are not the only ones who are curi-ous to know how the American Secular Union is going to get a Manual of the purest prin.ciples of morals, without in-culcating religious doctrines. One of their own number, Mr. Edward S. Stark, of this city, published an article in the Truth Seeker, of February 22, in which he said :Š In its invitation to the contest for an Agnostic Manual of Morality, the Secular Union leaves us in the dark as to whether Agnosticism is meant in its narrow sense, as merely -rejecting the religious be-lief, or that it applies also to the scientific field, in the sense of its purity from prejudices and obscur-antism. Science, namely, is apt to produce objection-able consequences the same as religion, if- it is not purified from superstitions, servility, and the wor-shipipg of spurious authorities. Without such a purification it may bring about very deplorable re-sults, particularly in such a delicate and entangled question as that of morality, which, while losing its transcendental foundation in religion, is bound to look for a basis elsewhere, and may obtain from the science such a shaky one that the whole structure would not be able to stand on it for a moment. . . . The principal points at issue are: 1. Shall the manual adopt the unscientific hypothesis of a separate soul, existing par se, and, under certain as-pects, completely independent of the body ? Those who may think that it is a question of psychology and not of morals, and that therefore it can be easily avoided, will soon change their mind about it if they try to write upon ethics. This or that hypothesis will, against their wish, transpire through the wording of every sentence. The author will find himself under the necessity of speaking about some sort of immaterial entity underlying moral actions, their righteousness or viciousness. These points are well taken. Morals must have a basis. If it is proposed to re- move ethics from a religious basis, some other basis must as certainly be supplied; and when any other basis is found, as Mr. Stark says, it will be such a shaky one that the whole structure would not be able to stand on it for a minute. Mr. Stark truly says, the author of such a scheme " will find himself under the neces-sity of speaking about some sort of mate-rial entity underlying moral actions their righteousness or viciousness," and just as soon as the subject of righteousness is touched, the realm of religion is entered. The fact is, as we proved in our article before on this subject, it is an utter im-possibility to inculcate morality without at the same time, inculcating religious doctrine. Morality has no basis other than the religious. As time goes on we become more and more curious to see that Manual. Sunday Legislation in Canada. March 5 "An act to secure the better observance of the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday," was introduced into the Dominion Parliament, and read once. On the following day it passed a second read-ing, and is in a fair way to become a law. The provisions of this bill are as follows :- 1. Whoever on the Lord's day, shall either labor, himself, or shall compel his apprentice, servant, or other person under his control or charge, to labor, or perform any other work than the household offices of daily necessity, or other works of necessity or charity, shall be deemed to be guilty of a misde-meanor. 2. Whoever on the Lord's day sells, or publicly shows forth or exposes or offers for sale, or pur-chases, any goods, chattels, or other personal prop-erty, or any real estate whatsoever, or does any work or business of his ordinary calling, works of necessity and charity only excepted, shall be deemed to be guilty of a misdemeanor. 3. Whoever shall on the Lord's day, be guilty of promoting, directing, or causing horse-racing, foot-racing, cock-fighting, or dog-fighting, or shall engage in any noisy public game whereby the peace and quiet of the Lord's day is disturbed, and manual labor made necessary in preparing for and conduct-ing the same, shall be deemed to be guilty of a mis-demeanor. 4. Whoever shall on the Lord's day, tipple in any inn, tavern, or house of public entertainment, or shall allow or permit tippling in any such inn, tav-ern, or house of public entertainment, or shall revel or publicly exhibit himself in a state of intoxication, or shall brawl or use profane language in the public streets or open air, so as to create any riot or dis-turbance or annoyance to Her Majesty's peaceable subjects, shall be deemed to be guilty of a misde-meanor. 5. Whoever shall on the Lord's day, hunt, shoot, or pursue or take or kill any game orany wild bird or animal, or shall discharge fire-arms, except in the just defense of person or, property, or in the per-formance of military or police duty, or shall use dogs, net, trap, or other appliance for the above-mentioned purposes, shall be deemed to be guilty of a misdemeanor. 6. Whoever shall on the Lord's day, go out fish-ing, or shall take, kill, or destroy any fish, or use any gun, fishing-rod, net, or other appliance for that purpose, shall be deemed to be guilty of a misde-meanor. 7. Whoever shall on the Lord's day, either as proprietor, publisher, or manager, engage in the printing, publication, and delivery of a newspaper, journal, or periodical; and whoever shall, on the Lord's day, engage in the sale, distribution, or cir-culation of any newspaper, journal, or periodical published on that day, shall be deemed to be guilty of a misdemeanor. Sections 8, 9, 10, and 11 deal with traffic on the canals and railways, which is limited to cases of necessity and carriage of perish-able goods, under restrictions. The clause in regard to Sunday excursions is as fol-lows :Š Excursions on the Lord's day by steamboats ply-ing for hire, or by railway, or part by steamboat and part by railway, and having for their only principal object the carriage of passengers for amusement or pleasure, and to go and return the same day by the steamboat or railway or any other owned by the same person or company, shall not be deemed lawful conveyance of passengers within the mean-ing of this act ; and the owner or corporation, super-intendent, or person by virtue of whose authority and direction such excursion is permitted or ordered on the Lord's day, shall be deemed to be guilty of a misdemeanor. The penalties are defined as follows :- 12. Any person convicted before a justice of the peace of any offense declared in sections 1 to 7 of this act, inclusive, to be "a misdemeanor, upon the oath of one or more than one credible witness, or upon view had of the said offense by the justice himself, shall for every offense be fined a sum not exceeding fifty dollars, nor less than one dollar, to-gether with the costs and charges attending the pro-ceedings and conviction, and such prosecution shall be commencedŁwithin one month of the commission of such offense and not afterwards; and shall be laid and tried in the county or municipality where the offense was committed. 13. The penalty for any offense committed under sections ten and eleven -of the act shall be the im position of a fine not exceeding four hundred dollars for each offense, to be recovered in any court having jurisdiction in civil cases to that amount, to be recovered by any person suing for the same under this section and for the purposes thereof. 14. All sums of money awarded or imposed as fines or penalties by virtue of this act shall be paid, one moiety to the party charging and prosecuting the offense, and the other moiety to the treasurer of the county or city wheren the offense was com-mitted. It is further provided that " a conviction under this act shall not be quashed for want of form; nor shall any warrant of commitment be held void by reason of any defect therein." Persons accused of felony may still have the benefit of all doubts and errors, but violators of the Sunday law, should this bill pass, will not be permitted to escape through any- error, no matter how glaring. The bill provides no exemptions for any class except Indians, and for no work ex- cept "works of necessity and charity." And no pretense is made that it is a " civil " measure. On the contrary, its author urges its passage because it is demanded by cer- tain religious bodies. Nobody pretends to deny that it is religious legislation, and that it is designed to promote the religious observance of a religious institution. But such a law is no more religious in Canada than are similar measures in this country. And the motive underlying the demand for such legislation is a spirit of intolerance, wherever found. Liberty of Conscience Must Be Preserved. THAT priceless document, the Constitu-tion of the United States, declares the principle of total separation between relig-ion and the State. It provides that " Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Freedom of con-science has thus been made- the foundation of our Government. Only by upholding-this principle as a sacred palladium is re-ligious intolerance kept out of our borders, and the brightest civilization developed. This just and_ equal treatment of all re-ligious denominations has been at all times a thorn in the flesh of those who suppose themselves to be the sole possessors of truth, and deem it their duty to force their views upon all. Again and again attempts have been made to Christianize our Gov- 