470 AMERICAN SENTINEL. see this relic of the days of religious rule blotted from the statute books of the State. Let the good work of education go on until all can see that these State Sunday laws are antagonistic to our free institutions and subversive of the liberties of our people. A Change of Policy. BY ROY F. COTTRELL. IT is a significant fact in the present development of our national policy that imperialism and plutocracy should at the same time assume such immense propor-tions and boldly assert their authority. The sudden change in public sentiment, is to many, a mystery. Only a few months since a prominent New York journal, in speaking of our course with the Filipinos, said that this Government's position was only taken for the purpose of teaching them how to govern themselves, and then withdrawing as great, noble, and unselfish promoters of civilization. But now in the same editorial columns we read: "Already our views about our destiny and our place among the nations of earth have been substantially altered by the novel experience of dealing with distant possessions." And again: "If we are convinced that we can make neŁ markets for our goods and products by taking a han -1 at reclamation, we shall speedily discard our policy of isolation and forget our fears of the conse-quences of entanglements." Philanthropy was the garb under which the war began, but now our political stand-ing and commercial interests are openly avowed as reasons for its continuance. It was in the "interests of humanity" that the United States entered Cuba, and it is now only natural that the Cubans should begin to inquire when our troops shall be withdrawn from their island. In speaking of this the New York Tribune, of July 24th, says that we "cannot agree to relinquish our control one year or one day be-fore Cuba is ready to govern herself in accordance with the American standard of civilization." It then adds in the words of the song: "It may be for years and it may be forever." Doubtless it will be "forever" since in America's estimation no other people have reached or ever will fully reach the "American standard of civiliza-tion." Fronde states the truth when he says, "If there be one lesson which history clearly teaches, it is this, that free nations cannot govern subject provinces." This lesson, together with the principle "that all men are created equal," is fast fading from memory. As with vice, so with covetousness and conquest,Š "Seen too oft, familiar with her fac.e, We first endure, then pity, then embrace." Herkimer, N. Y. The Meagre Outcome of the Peace Conference. New York "Sun." WHEN the Peace Conference assembled at The Hague, its ostensible purpose was to bring about a limitation of military armaments. It was also proposed that war should be to a considerable extent averted by making arbitration compulsory in certain cases. A further sug-gestion was made that the evils of war might be sensibly mitigated if private property at sea should be exempted from capture. Not one of these proposals has been adopted. The protocol in which the results attained by the conference are set forth includes, besides some expres-sions of opinions and wishes which are binding upon nobody, three conventions and three declarations. Not even these conventions and declarations are obligatory upon any country until they have been ratified by its treaty making power, which, in the case of the United States, comprehends not only the executive but two-thirds of the Senate. It is certain that two-thirds of the senators will not sanction the third of the three declarations, and it is probable that they will refuse assent to the other two. To this third declaration, which prohibits the use of bullets that will expand easily in the human body, the American delegates at The Hague refused to subscribe on the ground that their instructions' forbade them to agree to anything that would be likely to trammel the development of American inventive genius in warfare. The United States Senate will probably hold that the spirit of their instructions should have impelled them also to decline assent to the second and third declara-tions, which prohibit the throwing of projectiles or ex-plosives from balloons, and the use of projectiles having for their sole object the diffusion of asphyxiating gases. It is manifestly no more inhuman to annihilate an enemy by explosives dropped from balloons than it is to accomplish the same work by explosives discharged from cannon or mortars. Neither is it any more in-human to put a hostile force hors de combat by gas than it is to effect the same result by volleys of musk-etry or by artillery. It is conceived that, in the event of a war between the United States and a European coalition, we might be forced to rely for self defense upon the superiority of inventive genius applied to the work of wholesale destruction. All three of the declarations would be found in practise to benefit those nations which are backward in respect of civilization, while they would fetter those which are capable of making continual im-provements in the art of war. Of the three conventions, the second and 'third are of only trivial significance. By the second, the laws and customs of war on land are modified but in a few details, and, by the third, the principles of the Geneva Conven-tion of 1864 are made but partially applicable to naval 