JANUARY 10, 1895. CA.N SIE1INTINT 15 sought to be conferred by this bill for the postmaster-general to hold that the SENTI-NEL, indirectly at least, both advises, abets, and suggests offenses against the laws of every State having upon its statute books a Sunday law, and to therefore order its exclusion from the mails. Again, the American Hebrew, which raised the fund for the release of W. B. Capps from jail, and which in common with the SENTINEL and many other papers denounced his imprisonment as religious persecution, and insisted that Mr. Capps had a right to work on Sunday, might be held to have abetted in the offense against the laws of Tennessee, and so be excluded from the mails. In fact, there is scarcely any limit to the power which it proposes to confer upon the postmaster-general by this bill. It is a most dangerous and sig-nificant measure. BOOKs FOR THE CHILDRENI  WE' offer the following three books as the best of their kind we have been able to find. They are pro-fusely illustrated, and the stories are told in a very simple yet highly entertaining manner. The books cannot fail to be exceedingly helpful to children in an educational way, and should be found in every home:Š — LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY Has nearly 100 pages, and contains 43 Bible stories, each illustrated with a full-page picture. Size, 7x9 inches, bound in board lithograph covers. Price, by mail, post-paid, - Ł - - $1,00 BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES Has 45 full-page illustrations and an equal number of well-told Bible stories. Same style and size as "LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY," and is really a companion volume to it. Price, post-paid, $1.00 A. mother, than whom none can be more careful and particu-lar as to what her children have to read and study, speaking of these two little books, says: "Really it is a pity that any little child should not have the privilege of seeing these beauti-ful full-page pictures and hearing the well-told stories." Both " LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GAL-LERY" and "BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES" will be sent to one address, post- paid, for $1.75 The Good Shepherd : The Life of the Saviour for Children. Beautifully Illuminated Covers! Fifty-three Illustrations! Interesting Reading! Ninety-six pages, Large print, Ł Good paper, Strong binding. This book, which is 8x10+ inches and inch in thickness, tells the story of the life of Christ in a way that cannot fail to interest the little folks. It is exceptionally free from doctrinal errors, and should be in every family where there are children to be taught a Saviour's love. The illustrations add very much to its educational value. Price, only 50 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET— NEW YORK CITY, SMITH'S DICTIONARY of the BIBLE. EDITED BY WM SMITH, L.L.D. COMPRISING ITS ANTIQUITIES, BIOGRAPHY, GEOGRAPHY, AND NATURAL HISTORY. PRICE, 82.00. This work contains every mine in the Bible respecting which anything can be said; over 400 engravings, and is a complete guide to the pronunciation and significa-tion of scriptural names; the solution of difficulties of in- erpretation4, authority, and harmony; also a history and description of Biblical customs, manners, events, places, persons, animals, plants, minerals, etc., and comprises a most complete ency-clopedia of Biblical information. -ADDRESS-,  PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, Oakland, Cal. New York City. .:. The Story of .:. itealrn rstand BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. DITCAIRN ISLAND, one of the volcanic gems of the 1 Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory Reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance. But most if not all of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary, or incorrect and misleading. It will be in-teresting to the friends of that miniature world to know that An Authentic History has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. The title of the new work appears above. It is written by Miss Rosa Young, one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book, of 256 pages, is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pit-cairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a Charming Simplicity of Style which refreshes the reader and invites a continued peru-sal. This work is illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters haVe each a neatly engraved heading. PRICE $1.00, POSTPAID. Thousands can be sold by those who will canvass their neighborhood. Address any State Tract Society, or Pacific Press Publishing Company, Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. New York City. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City. 2  PRISON LIGHT Edited by one sending the R Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over the land. Agents wanted, 50 per cent. commission. Trial year 20 cents. Terms and sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGHT. 40 Green Street, Bratt'boro, Vt. ST  H:PS : TO : BY MRS E. C WHITE WE take pleasure in announcing an important and exceedingly helpful work, under the title of Steps to Christ. The rare ability of the author in the presentation of Scripture truth has never been used to better advantage than in this little work. Steps to Christ is not alone suitable as a guide to the in-quirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and suggestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of contents:Š The Sinner's Need of Christ. Repentance. Confession. Consecration. Faith and Acceptance. The Test of Discipleship. Growing up into Christ. The Work and the Life. Knowledge of God. The Privilege of Prayer. What To Do With Doubt. Rejoicing in the Lord. Bound neatly in cloth, embossed in silver. Price, - 75c. HIS GLORIOUS APPEARING. AN EXPOSITION OF MATTHEW Ł34. Revised, Enlarged, and Illustrated. The book contains 96 pages, with twenty full. page illustrations. The work takes up Christ's great prophecy of his own second coming, and the signs of the times are clearly pointed out in their relation to that greatest event, JUST THE BOOK FOR THE TIMES, Interesting, Timely, and .. Instructive. PriceŠAttractive Board Cover, 25c. IS THE F' A_ I" A_ C IN P 0 P C P By the Rev. Thomas W. Haskins, M. A., Rector Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal. The above is the title of a treatise written by the author, at the request of the Ministerial Union of Los Angeles, California. It grew out of a discussion upon the present aspect and aims of The Roman Catholic Church in the United States, the author taking the ground that the rise, progress, present and future condition of the temporal power known as the Papacy or Vaticanism, Is Outlined in the Prophecies of Holy Scriptures, with sufficient accuracy to determine what the " Papacy " is and what is to be its future development and ultimate end. Paper Covers, 25e. Marvel of Nations, Embracing the past, present, and future of the United States, From a historical, political, and religious standpoint; What great men have predicted; what the Scriptures have foretold, BY PROF. URIAH SMITH, Author of "Smith's Diagram of Parliamentary Rules, etc. This book gives a brief but comprehensive historical review of our country, comparing the past with the present state of religion, education, and science, and calling special attention to the advancement that is being made by Spiritualism, Ca-tholicism, and the National Reform movement, which is rapidly bringing about a union of Church and State in America. These qUestions are coming to the front; and he who prizes current thought on living issues should give them a'n examina-tion. The book contains 300 pages, and over 40 illustra-tions; and has reached its 15th edition. It needs no other indorsement than a careful reading. Bound in cloth, embossed in jet and gold. Price, post-paid, $1.00 For the books in this column address PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. 