272 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Ł VOL. 6, No. 34. NEW YORK, AuausT 27, 1891. NormŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE National Religious Liberty Asso-ciation has announced by a circular letter to all its members that the case of R. M. King will be appealed to the Supreme Court of the United States. ACCORDING to the Citrograph, San Ber-nardino, California, like Los Angeles, has found by actual experiment that Sunday closing of saloons does not reduce drunk-enness. Whatever may be true of pro-hibition, Sunday-closing certainly does not prohibit. SUNDAY, August 16, Sam Jones held forth at Prohibition Park, Staten Island. As usual he denounced "Sabbath-break-ers " in scathing terms, never seeming to recognize any inconsistency in the fact that he was a party to an arrangement whereby those who listened to him paid ten cents apiece, the regular admission fee, for the privilege, and that on Sunday, the day that the noisy Georgian calls the " holy Sabbath." It is very evident that the Sunday-law advocates want a monop-oly of Sunday money-getting. THE Christian Statesman says there is. no intolerance and no persecution in Na-tional Reform, and adds, " Nay, more, here is the highest, most efficacious safe-guard against persecution. For if, as THE SENTINEL believes, the law of God forbids all persecution for opinion's sake, how then can the acknowledgment of that law by the State lead the State to persecu-tion ?" The question is not difficult. National Reform proposes to administer the law of God, or, in other words, it proposes to make.men judges of the divine law. The effect must be to put the government in the place of God and thus destroy indi-vidual responsibility to God; for if it were the duty of human government to admin-ister the divine law, it would also be the duty of the subject of human government to obey implicitly that law as given to him by the government. It follows that under the National Reform regime, men would inquire not what says the law of God, but what says the interpreter about that law. In short, the real standard of action would be not the divine law, but a human and fallible interpretation of that  law, which would afford not the slightest guarantee against persecution. Moreover National Reform is not a new thing; the history of the Papacy, written in the blood of the martyrs of Jesus, tells us just what the inevitable result of human adminis-tration of the law of God must always be. All human government is force, and all force. in matters of religion is persecution. THE Christianity of to-day is no more the Christianity of the Bible, than was the Christianity of the third and fourth centuries. Yet out of those centuries came the worst system of iniquity which ever cursed the world. But this system recognized God in the government, and was used for the conservation of what was then considered vital to Christianity. IN this Government there are rights of the people, separate from and above both the rights of the States and of the United States. There is such a thing as the rights of the States; there is also such a thing as the rights of the United States; and there is yet further such a thing as the rights of the people. In other words, there are State rights, national rights, and personal rights; and each of these is sep-arate from both the others. " MORAL questions," says the National Reform. Declaration of Principles, "can not be determined by majorities; other-wise morals might be reversed at every election." This is true, and it is just the reason why civil government has no busi-ness to meddle with morals. It is also true that moral questions can not be de-cided by civil courts, otherwise there might be as many standard of morals as there were courts. We marvel that all can not see this. Government can and should require all men to practice civility, but morality is beyond the jurisdiction of earthly governments and earthly courts. AT the recent meeting held at Chau-tauqua, this State, in the interests of the American Sabbath Union, a resolution was adopted demanding the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday. A gentleman who was present writes us that after the resolution was read, all present, men, women, and children, were invited to vote. But they were plainly given to understand that only affirmative votes were wanted. One speaker stated that any who should vote against the resolution would be pitied like a Baptist minister who voted against the formation of the American Union. " One of the leading men got up," said the speaker, " and said to the Baptist min ister, ' I pity you.' " Having thus paved the way to a free (?) expression on the resolution in favor of closing the Fair on Sunday, the vote was taken, It was of course almost unani- mous, but not quite, for three persons present had the courage to vote in the negative; when President Mill, of the Chautauqua Literary and Scientific Circle, said, " I pity you." The incident was worthy of the Sunday cause. Possibly the expression of pity was pro-phetic of the time when those who are engineering the American Sunday Union-National Reform-Church and State scheme shall have secured the coveted power to reduce to a really pitiable condition all who shall dare to resist them. a THE Christian Statesman asserts that "THE AMERICAN SENTINEL rejoices in ev-ery token of decay of the observance of the first day of the,week as the Sabbath, even when the decline is due to the growth of irreligion and atheism." The charge has just as much but no more truth in it than has the charge made by papists that Protestants rejoice in the decay of Ro-manism in Mexico even though the decline is due to the growth of atheism rather than to the increase of Protestantism. The following note, published in THE SENTINEL of August 13, is made by the Statesman the basis of the charge which it makes against us :Š It is said that reports from "Sabbath observ-ance " societies in France and Italy show a change in the conduct of English travelers in regard to Sabbath observance. They are beginning to adopt the lax Continental customs, and to regard with indifference the character and claims of the day. The wish was certainly father to the thought with our contemporary, for the item complained of was, with the excep-tion of the first four words, copied ver-batim from one of the great religious papers of this city. Would the Statesman have us suppress the truth in. the interests of Sunday sacredness ? AT Prohibition Park, August 16, Sam Jones gave his idea of the proper enforce-ment of Sunday laws thus :Š Ah, to see it like my State, Georgia. There ev-ery open saloon means a man in jail. Every engine that goes along means an engineer and fireman to be tried the next day. There, in that glorious State, the Sabbath is recognized as it should be throughout the world. It would be difficult, however, for Mr. Jones or anybody else to show that Geor-gia is any better morally than are those States that have no Sunday laws, or that do not enforce those that they have. Such States as Georgia and Tennessee are living witnesses to the fact that people are no better for living under Sunday laws. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human_rights, both civil and religion& IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90a. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75e. To foreign countries, single subscription, postpaid, - Ss. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York..  