"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD." Vol. 10. No. 33. NEW YORK, AUGUST 22, 1895. Price, 3 cents. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, 1. EDITORS. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - - ASSISTANT EDITOR. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT' IN NEW YORK. IF anything had been lacking to illustrate fully the absurdity of Sunday legislation, it would be supplied by current events in this city. New. York has a very voluminous Sunday law, comprising, all told, about 2,200 words, and the possibilities bound up in it are im-mense. The most recent addition to the Sunday Code of the State, is a section prohib-iting barbering on Sunday, except in New York and Saratoga, and also in these cities after one o'clock, P. M., on that day. Some of the decisions under the Sunday statute of the State are specially worthy of note in this connection. In 1811, Judge Kent said that " the statute has, for over a century, recognized the sanctity and the obligation [of Sunday], and punished its violators." While in the case of Campbell vs. International Society (4 Bos., New York, 298), we are told that the statute " explicitly recognizes the first day of the week as holy time, and thus it has brought us back to the full and large and absolute rule of interdiction which we find provided in the earliest laws of Christian States, and which the construction of the statute of Charles II. has tended some-what to narrow and impair." Again, in 12, New York, 455, the question is asked, " Is it not obvious that by reason of keeping a store open for business, a temptation is presented to those who have no regard for Sunday as holy time to violate the law?" Again, Judge Allen, of New York, held in 1861 that " the law of the State conforms to the law of God as that law is recognized by a great majority of the people.",  These authorities might be multiplied, but they are sufficient to show the purpose and intent of the Sunday statutes of New York.  That they rest upon a distinctively religious basis, is beyond question; but that they ut-terly fail in this purpose is plainly shown by the manner of their application, as well as by the statutes themselves. The sale of intoxi-cating liquors is prohibited in general, but is none the less carried on extensively by clubs for the use of members. Thus the law in effect permits the rich man to do on Sunday what it prohibits to the poor man. That this is any great deprivation to the poor man we do not believe,, because we think that all are better off without intoxicating drinks; but we very much doubt the wisdom of giving free rein to the liquor traffic six days in the week and of limiting it to wealthy Clubs upon Sun-day. The only reasons for prohibition that the State ought to consider apply equally to every day; and that they are given weight only in behalf of one day, shows that the restriction is for the purpose of hon-oring Sunday rather than restricting the liquor traffic. Shooting, hunting, trapping and fishing, are prohibited on Sunday, and this section has been so rigidly construed as to extend even to the taking of fish in private ponds. Such a regulation can have only one object, namely, the exaltation of the day because of its reli-gious character. Another section prohibits all labor on Sun-day " except works of necessity or charity; " and " works of necessity and charity" are defined as including " whatever is needful during the day for the good order, health, or comfort of the community." It is also pro-vided that "it shall be a sufficient defense to a prosecution for servile labor upon the first day of the week, that the defendant uniformally keeps another day of the week as holy time." This latter exemption serves to emphasize the religious character of the statute. All "public sports, exercises, pastimes or shows upon the first day of the week," are prohibited, but it has been held that " three men playing ball upon Sunday on private grounds" does not constitute a breach of the peace; and only a few months since Judge Gaynor, of Brooklyn, dis-charged a number of yoong men, arrested for playing ball on Sunday on a common in the city of Brooklyn, saying that it was no viola-tion of the law. Section 266 reads:Š All trades, manufacturers, agricultural or mechan- ical employments upon the first day of the week are prohibited, except when the same are works of neces-sity they may be performed on that day in their usual and orderly manner, so as not to interfere with the repose and religious liberty of the community. But the next section provides for the sale of articles of food at any time before 10 o'clock in the morning, and prepared tobacco, fruit, confectionery, newspapers, drugs, medicines, and surgical appliances at any other time of the day. We have no fault to find with the sale of tobacco, fruit, and confectionery, newspapers, etc., on Sunday more than on other days; but viewed from the standpoint of various deci-sions that the purpose of the statute is to pre-serve the sanctity of the day, we can but wonder what kind of sanctity it is that can be preserved by a statute which prohibits all agricultural and mechanical employments, and at the same time permits the sale of tobacco, confectionery, etc. Another feature which emphasizes the reli-gious character of the Sunday statute of New York, is the prohibition of all parades and processions on Sunday, except funeral proces-sions for the actual burial of the dead, and "processions to and from a place of worship in connection with a religious service there celebrated." Another section prohibits theatricals, operas, etc. Doubtless it is this provision which has given rise to the so-called " sacred " concerts, wherein the livery of heaven is made to do service for the devil. Some of the decisions under the New York Sunday statute are peculiar; for instance, "a contract for the hire of a horse to be used on Sunday for pleasure cannot be enforced;" but " an agreement to make an ascension in a balloon on Sunday from a public garden, is within the statute." Tobacco, fruit, etc., may be freely sold at any hour of the day, but it is a crime to sell a glass of soda-water, or a paper of pins. According to this statute, which it has been judicially declared, " is in harmony with the religion of the country and the religious sen-timent of the public," it is wrong to do bar-bering on Sunday in any place within the limits of New York State, except in the cities of New York and Saratoga, and even here it is right only until one o'clock in the afternoon. According to this " law " it is wrong for an 