294 AMERICAN SENTINEL. that cannot bear to see others differ from themselves, and such must always be the case where the restraining influence of God's Holy Spirit is not cherished. The "Fast-Day" Farce. BY H. E. OSBORNE. SERIOUS reflection with reference to the popular "ob-servance" of the recent "fast day" proclamations, must prove prolific in queries as to the propriety of this state-appointed fast. No one could fail to observe that the thought of fasting and prayer was the remotest idea in the minds of the people on the "fast day" just passed. No one witnessed any "rush" on the churches, to take part in humbling hearts before the throne of divine mercy. Indeed, it was a rare and exceptional case to even find on that day an open door in the Protestant churches, and still more difficult to find the people who had entered in. On the other hand, one could but be impressed with the fact that there was a conspicuous effort on the part of the people to secure the promised pleasure of numer-ous attractions, bidding for public patronage on this fast-holiday., Parties were formed for excursions into the country in search of the sweet spring flowersŠan innocent pastime in itself to be sure, yet not peculiarly an act of piety. Fishing and hunting, parading and racing; wheeling and drivingŠhow all these sports flour-ished! More painful to note was the fact that the saloon did a thriving business; the theater was taxed to its ut-most capacity; and crowds resorted to the dance-hall, where supper was served to people who had partaken of three meals during this day of fasting and prayer! Now that irreligious people would not be influenced by this "fast-day" proclamation is certainly to be ex-pected. But why should even the Christian be moved upon to comply? When and where did God command the State, saying, "Proclaim ye a solemn fast among the people?" When and where has the great "Governor among the nations" even authorized the State to pro-mulgate such a decree? It may be argued that the proclamation, being non-compulsory, is at least harmless, but who will dare af-firm that the cause of true religion is not hindered by this huge jest upon the sacred privilege of prayer? Since the day is one of feasting and not fasting, and since it is so hard for our governors to break away from the "time-honored custom" established Ł by their predeces-sors, why should not these executives at least be frank enough to call things by their right name, and so pro-claim a farce-day rather than a fast-day? Surely, a more genuine farce cannot be found, than is this annual State "fast," and if our governors are to exercise the functions of a religious office, it behooves them to "pro-vide things honest in the sight of all men," as the good  Book commands. This name would not only be in har-mony with facts, but it also presents the advantage of an easy transition from the current title. By the indis-tinct pronunciation of the ordinary Yankee, it is difficult to tell whether your neighbor is talking about fast-day or farceŁday. Since this progressive age admits changes in our orthography, let us be honest and write and speak this name as it really is,Šf-a r-c e-day. Auburn, Me. "Civilized" Savagery at Samoa. THE widow of the late well-known novelist, Robert Louis Stevenson, who is buried in Samoa, has written a letter to the Westminster Gazette, touching the bom-bardment of Samoa villages by British and American warships. It is a very caustic comment on the "benevo-lent assimilation" which "civilized" and "Christian" nations practice, in the name of "humanity," upon people too weak to offer serious resistance; and what is more, Mrs. Stevenson undoubtedly knows and tells the exact truth of the matter. The letter says:Š "President McKinley allowed no firing on Cuban towns unless they gave active cause of offense, and Com-modore Watson was ordered not to attack undefended Spanish cities. Does the President keep his humanity for civilized countries alone?" She declares that the Samoan villages are inhabited in tine of war by non-combatants, who have to choose between the shells of the warships and "taking to the bush." Under such conditions, she says, delicate women can hardly exist, while children die like flies. The letter concludes with this paragraph:Š "Chief Justice Chambers has been represented as say-ing in a letter to his brother: 'I never was happier.' He must be a person singularly devoid of imagination if he never pictured to himself the scenes being enacted in those bombarded villages; the exodus of panic-stricken people rushing hither and thither, shells bursting every-where, the cries of the bed-ridden and the helpless, wounded people, burning alive in their blazing houses, women in the pangs of childbirth, mangled children crawling on the sands, the sea before them and the bush behind them. And we read that the woods also were shelled. Who is to be held accountable for these deeds that disgrace both England and America?" REFERRING to the position taken by a prominent Methodist clergyman of New York City, and approved at a meeting of several hundred M. E. clergy, that a person should "reject all parts of the Holy Scriptures which are repugnant to reason," the Freethought Maga-zine says, "That is all that any Freethinker can ask." "The next thing we may expect to hear," it adds, "is that Colonel Ingersoll is called on to address some Meth-odist camp-meeting." 