iti4E AlVE RICAN ing essentially and fundamentally wrong. Judging it by its fruits, we find it difficult to use terms sufficiently intense to describe the degree of that wrong. Its prevading principle is hostile alike to God and man, although it professes to be the servant of both. It is, moreover, a significant fact of his-tory that Christianity has always pros-pered most in the true sense when it has had least to do with the State and the State has had least to do with it. For the first three centuries it was the theology of individual conviction, resting simply on its own evidence, holding no other relation to the State than that of a per-secuted religion, and doing its entire work by the use of spiritual means; and then it was that it spread itself among the nations of the earth with a purity and power that have never since been exceeded. Then it was that venerable and pompous systems of Paganism yielded to the resistless energy of its moral march. Afterward it became a State theology ; and then, in the hands of the State, it was not only cor-rupted and half-paganized, but at once assumed, and for centuries maintained, the character of a persecuting religion. All the persecutions of the Romish Church, and, indeed, all the persecutions that'have existed in the name of Christianity, have had their basis in State theology. If God should be pleased to constitute a theocracy on earth, and by inspiring it guarantee its infallibility, then it would be the duty of men to bow to its authority; but until we have this fact established by appropriate evidence the conclusion drawn from his-tory is that the State should confine itself exclusively to things temporal, and leave theology to the individual convictions and private judgments of men. This is cer-tainly the truth in respect to Christianity. There can be no doubt that a true the-ology in the heads and hearts of the people is a very important and much-needed in-fluence for good in relation to civil govern-ment; yet it does not follow that the State is the proper party to take care of this theology, to define it, to teach it, to sup-port it, or in any way invest it with the sanction of law. Those who set up the proposition that religion is essential to morality, and also the further proposition that morality is essential to good govern-ment, and then infer that the-  State should establish and support religion are guilty of a palpable non-sequitur in logic. The truth of their premises does not prove that of their conclusion. It may be true (facts show it to be so) that the State will receive the largest and purest contribution of mor-ality founded on religion when the latter is left entirely to the educational influences of the family and the church; and if so, then State theology is not only a super-fluity, but a positive damage to the best interests of the commonwealth. Those who drew the plan of our national Government built the system upon the  principle that religion and civil govern-ment were to be kept entirely distinct; and, for the most part, all the State gov-ernments are constructed upon the same theory. The general character of both is that they neither affirm nor deny any doc-trine in respect to God and that they com-mand no duty as a religious duty. They deal with the temporal rights and obliga-tions of citizenship, without any reference to the-question whether the citizen is a religionist or not. His religious faith is no part of his citizenship and no criterion of his rights. It confers upon him no im-munities and imposes no disabilities. It is a matter between himself and his God, and with it the civil authority does not concern itself. He is not forbidden to be an atheist and not commanded to be a Christian. He forfeits no rights by being the one and gains none by being the other; and as between these two extremes of opinion, the State does not undertake to decide which is the true and which is the false opinion. Such is the great American principle in respect to the sphere of civil government. This principle, being the exact antipode of State theology, admits of no reconciliation with it. We submit this summary of thoughts in regard to State theology for the considera-tion of those who insist that the public school system of this country shall be made the instrument of religious education. The practical meaning of this demand is that an American State shall in its public school adopt the principle of State theology. Have those who make the demand well considered the fact that they logically ally themselves with all the religious despot-isms that have ever existed among men ? They in effect accept and advocate a prin-ciple which has in all ages been the enemy of religious liberty, against which heroes have fought, on whose cruel altars mar-tyrs have bled, and whose historic enor-mities are sufficient to startle the world. They assume that an American State has a theology to teach and support; and in this one assumption they pass the Rubicon, and grant what never did anything for Christianity but to corrupt and weaken it as a moral and spiritual power. They Are Papal Allies. Ix commenting upon certain abomina-tions taught by Romaiiists as Christianity, the Ironclad Age has the following which is none the less true or sensible because it was said by an infidel paper :Š " Yet this is the religion that Popery is scheming to have taught at the public ex-pense in our free schools. And the Protest-ant Church is actively assisting the Papacy in this treason. God in the Constitution, Christ as the supreme ruler, "the principles of the_ Christian religion" to be inculcated in the free schoolsŠthese are the battle cries alike of Popery and Protestantism.  Nor does Protestantism seem to realize that if God is placed in the Constitution, it will be the papal god : if the principles of the Christian religion are to be inculcated in the public schools, it will be the princi-ples of said religion as defined and prac-ticed by Popery. " Protestantism seems blind to the signs of the times. It doesn't seem to note that the Papacy, that has impoverished and ruined all the old countries, is now cutting loose from those countries and concentrat-ing its strength in the United States. The Papacy, united and possessed of immense wealth, is stronger politically to-day in this country than all the divisions of Prot-estantism in their disunited condition. Catholics by the hundreds of thousands are flocking to our shores. Their first and last allegiance is to the Pope, yet they are almost immediately on their arrival endowed with citizenship in fifteen of our States. Rome, by its consolidated vote, rules all the great cities in the United States to-day ; and either of the great po-litical parties that would dare openly to antagonize the Papacy would be snowed under out of sight in any general election in the United States if that election were to come off next week. Nothing but a unity between Protestantism and all the liberal and non-religious elements of this country will save it from the fate that has befallen every country where the papal beast of blood has been allowed to roam unrestrained. And the sooner this is un-derstood the better for the country." Ł -4-Ł  An Excellent Thought. The Christian Advocate of this city, has the following item which contains an excellent thought which those who want Congress and our several State Legislatures to remove by legislation all the difficulties in the way of church work would do well to consider. The Advocate says : Š An attempt is sometimes made to explain the slow progress of religion in our large cities on the ground that the conditons of society are peculiarly unfavorable to evangelical Christianity. We are told that many of the inhabitants are German infi-dels and atheists, Italian and Irish Catholics, Jews and pagans, and that these are not easily reached by the gospel, and therefore aggressive movements are not to be expected. Certainly these elements are antagonistic to Protestant Christianity, and pre-sent serious obstacles in the way of its progress; but did the gospel ever yet find a field which was free from antagonistic elements ? Has the gospel any other aim than to meet and overcome hostile forces and reduce a world of enemies to subjection? Human nature is one the world over, and the gos-pel is perfectly adapted to the work of saving men without respect to class or nationality. Wisdom to wield the sword of the Spirit is all that is want-ing, and this wisdom cometh down from above. If in harmony with this suggestion, the churches would pay more attention to wielding the " sword of the Spirit " and a little less to invoking the aid of the State, much good might reasonably be expected to result, not only to sinners but to the Church itself. 