48 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 6. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 11, 1892. Nont.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Mail and Express notes the fact that work has been done in the interior of the new Second Congregational Church, at Rockford, Illinois, on Sunday and says it has caused quite a stir in religious circles. " MONTHLY Document," No. 11, of the American Sabbath Union asks the ques-tion, " How shall we obey the fourth com-mandment in a way acceptable to God ?" From the standpoint of the organization that asks the question, we must say frankly that we do not know. THE Catholic Review does not like the proposed amendment to the national Con-stitution because it contains more than general principles. It is not strange that Catholics object to this measure since it is undoubtedly designed to shut off some of the public pap which that church has been feeding on for some years. THE Denver News very pertinently says: "The man who is made honest in business, pure in his social relations and faithful in his friendships only by an act of Congress is unworthy of consideration. . . . Law is only useful to restrain the lawless tendencies in our natures. It can never become an active agent in the actual creation of character." REV. DAVID ANDERSON, a correspon-dent of the United Presbyterian (Dec. 31, 1891), calls the " omnibus petition" in question because it asks for too many things, and also, as he puts it, because "there may be a question as to the multiple of personage on petitions." He explains his meaning as follows :Š In a congregation, A may vote and petition as a member of the congregation, again in the Sabbath school; then in the Christian Endeavor or Young People; then in the missionary society; then in the several conventions of these, or larger assembly, etc. This is an honest confession, and would doubtless benefit the soul of him who made it, had he not immediately nullified it by adding this defense of petition " stuffing " and " repeating ":Š While this appears objectionable on its face, yet, when we consider these petitions are not personal, but organizational, A has the right of being repre- sented in proportion to his or her working powers in each of these, as these organizations may be affected by the action petitioned for. The defense is entirely worthy of the whole "civil Sunday" cause. The advice of its leaders in the matter of petitions is substantially the same as that which a dying miser is said to have given his son : " John, get money ! Get it honestly if you can; but get money 1" THE Times, of Oakland, California, an-nounces that the Society of Christian En-deavor, of that city, has entered upon a campaign for the manufacture of public opinion in favor of closing the World's Fair on Sunday. " They will," says the Times, "try to compel the observance of their Sabbath at an. Exposition to which the whole world is invited, in spite of the fact that this Sabbath is recognized only by a minority of the world's inhabitants and religions." 41.7.4P Ł  IN Washington, D. C., Sunday evening, January 31, Rev. Dr. Corey, of the Metro-ropolitan Methodist Episcopal Church, preached a sermon on " Pilate the Man of Expediency," in the course of which he is Leported by the Post to have said :Š How many are willing to commit sins against nature, sins that touch the very-  marrow of right or wrong, while they are more scrupulous in regard to things which are forbidden by the laws of society, but which have no moral character ? How many will indulge in iniquitous selfishness, but will not shave on Sunday; will allow themselves to be gov-erned by the fiercest avarice, but will not ride to church on Sunday Whether this was so intended or not, it is a confession that Sunday shaving, travel, etc., is forbidden only by " the laws of society." It would be interesting to know whether or not the Doctor thinks that such laws are justifiable from the standpoint of civil justice. THAT there is no end to the division and sectionalism which may arise on religious questions when they are once fairly in- ducted into politics, is shown by this para-graph from the Northwestern Christian Advocate:Š We hold that our national houses of legislation will see the point and decline to assail God's day even by implication. It has been stated that " there is more danger in the House than hi the Senate, because it is so largely democratic." We do not share that belief. The South as a part of the Re-public is truer to the Sabbath than is the North Party leaders in the South have not been twisted out of loyalty to some correct American traditions, by supposed proper regard for the "ideas of for-eigners," and demagogic concessions to large bodies of voters. As between the two geographical sec-tions we look for such sturdy support from South-ern members that Northern democrats will be less willing to vote for a bill that permits the desecration of the Sabbath at the World's Fair. An analysis of this paragraph shows a remarkable multiplicity of sectionalism, Ł division, and partisanship, in religion, ac-cepted by this writer as a matter of course. A- division between the Senate and the  House; a division on party lines, between Democrats and Republicans; a sectional di-vision between the South and the North; antagonism between native and foreign elements; political animosity between the minority and the majority, in "demagogic concessions to large bodies of voters," and closing with an appeal to the " geograph-ical" sympathies of the Southern members to help close the World's Fair on Sunday. It would be impossible to condense any larger sum of dangerous politics into the same number of sentences. THE Union Signal says that "the United States consul in Sierra Leone, in a private letter to a friend in this country, recently wrote :Š I am not a missionary, nor the son of one, but I judge the present by the past. The Christian na-tions of the earth must set a better example than flooding this country with rum and gin, and land-ing it on the Sabbath day at the wharf within fifty yards of the church. I stood on the wharf last Sab-bath and saw steamers come into the harbor from Germany and England, and they commenced to land rum and gin. There were over one hundred men employed all day and the customs officers had to be on duty. The native kings are petitioning the government to stop the liquor traffic. It is ruining their people. One king says if they continue, it will cause him to leave his country and go where the white man's rum can't reach his people." This illustrates the folly of calling na-tions Christian. The heathen, both at home and in foreign lands, should be taught that that only is Christian that is Christlike. THAT Sunday laws are and always were religious is shown by a mere glance at the British system, as set forth by Blackstone in his chapter on "Offenses against God and Religion," There "profanation of the Lord's day" is classed with such things as "apostasy," "heresy," "reviling the ordi-- nances of the church," "non-conformity to the worship of the church," "witch-craft," "conjuration," "enchantment," "sorcery," "religious imposture, such as falsely pretending an extraordinary com-mission from Heaven," adultety as an ec-clesiastical offense cognizable by the spirit-ual court, and such confusion of civil and religious ideas as the punishment of drunk-enness as an offense against God and re-ligion. This is the company with which Sunday laws belong. The penalty for apostasy was, first, burning to death; this fell into disuse after a while. Then the penalty was that "for the first offense the offender should be rendered incapable to hold any office or place of trust." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75e. To foreign countries, single subscr ,tion, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICJAN SENTINEL, 0 Bond Street, New York City 