OCTOBER 15, 1896. A.NIEIEIRADO.A.N Nria N-U14 323 But the truth is that the Saviour has not sent forth his representatives to compete with the world in furnishing that which will at-tract and please the senses. The gospel of God was not made dependent for its success upon any such means. There is a power in that gospel which no worldly device or at-traction can possibly have, and by this power the gospel is to appeal to men. It is " the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Rom. 1:16. It is the power of the word of the Creator. There is a power and an attraction in the word of the living God which the world knows nothing of. Let that word be presented as God has spoken it,---"quick [living] and powerful, and sharp-er than any two-edged sword," " sweeter also than honey and the honeycomb,"Šand the question of means to maintain church attendance need never demand attention. It is now just as it was in the early centuries after the "falling away" from the truth of which the Apostle Paul spoke, when the church leaders complained that they could not com-pote with the attractions of the world, and that the circus and theater held larger con-gregations on Sunday than did the churches. They secured legislation to suppress Sunday shows and force the people into the church; and precisely the same thing is sought by the clergy to-day. They cannot compete with the . world's attractions without the aid of Sunday "laws." But neither the compulsion of Sunday statutes, nor the inducements which appeal to the worldly-minded, can bring into the church any others than hypocrites, and the less of this class the church has in her mem-bership, the better it will be for her, and for the country. The testimony of history is clear and emphatic upon this point. s. THE RIGHT OF FREE SPEECH. THE following item from the New York Observer, of October 1, was doubtless not in-tended as an attack upon liberty and natural rights, yet it points to a growing sentiment in this country upon which the friends of liberty may well look with apprehension:Š The right of free speech does not mean the right to all kinds of speech. There are certain styles of talk that no government, especially no republic, can safely tolerate. If gag law is not desirable, ungagged law-lessness is no better. Well said Archbishop Ryan the other day: "We justly boast of the great liberty of speech allowed in this free Republic, but we may ask, may not such liberty occasionally degenerate into the most dangerous license? It does so when it is used to poison the intellect and the hearts of men by evidently false principles." But who is to decide what are "evidently false principles" in every case? That some principles are evidently false no one will deny; but it can safely be said that certain principles which would be "evidently false" in the view of Archbishop Ryan, of the Ro-man Catholic Church, would be just and right principles in the view of many who do not occupy a papal standpoint. And what are good principles in the view of one class of Protestants, may be "evidently false" in the view of other Protestants. The principle that the State cannot right-fully concetn itself with religion is fast com-ing to be an "evidently false" one in the view of many Protestants, as it is in the view of Roman Catholics; and who can say how long it may be before the advocacy of this just and most essential principle in all good gov-ernment, may be deemed "ungagged lawless-ness," when public sentiment shall have been won to the idea that the State may rightfully  legislate to uphold religious dogmas, as for example, the dogma that Sunday is the Chris-tian sabbath? There is certainly great danger to liberty in an attack upon the right of free speech. s. PERSECUTION AND HOW TO MEET IT. CHRIST'S example is the Christian's rule of life. " He that saith he abideth in Him, ought himself also so to walk, even as He walked." The Christian must obey this rule, or else cease to be a Christian. He can suffer wrong, but he must not do wrong. Nor is this hard to do when the grace of God reigns in the heart. The apostles, when beaten for their ldelity to Christ, " departed from the presence of the council, rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer shame for his name. And daily in the temple, and in every house, they ceased not to preach Jesus Christ," though expressly forbidden by the magistrates to speak in his name. The same power is in the gospel to-day, and it is still the privilege of the humble follower of Christ to rejoice in tribulations also. The Saviour warned his followers that they would be called upon to suffer persecution, and said: " Blessed are they which are per-secuted for righteousness' sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you." And the Apostle Paul declared: " Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution;" and why ? Because "evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being de-ceived." But have we not a right to expect that in this, the nineteenth century, men will be so enlightened that persecution will cease ? Let the Scriptures answer: " This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, dis-obedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truce-breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God; having a form of godliness, but deny-ing the power thereof; from such turn away." 2 Tim. 3:1-5. Enlightenment is no guarantee against per-secution. Often the most enlightened are the most wicked and the most cruel. It is the grace of God alone that softens the human heart and takes ant of it all desire to coerce others. It is impossible for the true Chris-tian to be a persecutor; but he who has the form of godliness but denies the power of the gospel, must in the very nature of things seek elsewhere for that power he feels he must have but which he cannot find because he denies the source from whence it alone comes. The Lord promises to be with his people and give them power, but this he does only when they rely solely upon his divine power. Christ can have no concord with Belial. His kingdom is not of this world, neither is the power by which his work is to be carried for-ward to be derived from this world. The power is in the divine Word itself and in the Spirit that is in that Word and which makes it effective. It is only as men lose sight of this truth that they seek civil power to maintain their doctrines and vindicate their practices. But how can the friends of Sunday trust in the Lord to maintain the honor of that institution when his Word says nothing aboat it as a sacred day9 The very name by which the day is known is not once found in the Scriptures; and the twenty-four hours which, according to Bible reckoning (from sunset to sunset), most nearly correspond to Sunday, are known in the Word of God by no other name than "first day of the week." Is it not the most natural thing in the world that in departing from the truth, men should also depart from the Spirit of truth, and seek by human agencies and human inventions to compensate themselves for the loss of power which they necessarily suffer in departing from the true source of spiritual powerŠthe Lord Jesus Christ ? It certainly is. It fol-lows that persecution is the logical result of the substitution of Sunday keeping for the observance of the Sabbath of the Lord. The divine Word gives no hint of first-day sacred-ness, but it tells us explicitly that " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." THE NEED OF THE HOUR. THE great need of our country to day is not more politicians of a certain class, or more adherents to certain political doctrines, as might be inferred from what is said and written touching the issues which are now agitating the public mind. The true inter-ests of this country demand, as most essential to its welfare, not more adherents to any political party platform, but more adherents to sound moral principle,Šmore adherents to the platform of Christianity. The Saviour said to his disciples, " Ye are the salt of the earth." Just as salt preserves certain substances in which it is placed, so the followers of Christ,Šthose who are such indeedŠpreserve the earth and every country in it from destruction through the wrath of God against sin. Were there no Christians in the earth, the judgments of God would fall upon it as they fell upon Sodom and Gomorrah after the departure of righteous Lot. The righteous are as truly the salt of the earth to-day, as when the Saviour walked with his disciples in Judea. Not only do they preserve the earth as ten just persons would have preserved Sodom, could they have been found in it, but in every land they con-tribute more powerfully than any other class to the country's welfare. The righteous per-son must be honest, peaceable, and industri-ous. He may at times err in judgment, but when he discovers his error, as he will sooner or later, he will at once renounce it and con-form to the right. If all the people in this land, or the great majority of them, were controlled in their actions by the principle of love to God and to one another, there would be no grave peril hanging over the nation's prosperity, as we are told that there is now. The "great crisis" about which we hear so much to-day, would not exist. In the hands of 'honest, conscien-tious, liberty-loving men, this country would be perfectly safe. They might be in the wrong in their political views upon some points, but they would cherish such views in honesty, and not from selfishness; and upon discovering their error, they would be quick to remedy whatever evil was working injury to the people. If it were ignorance alone which threatened the country's interests to-day, we should have but little to fear. The righteous are those who have been turned, by the power of God's grace in the 