THE AMEIR.ICA.N SENTINEL. 39 denly ceases, and the whole tide of inquisition, prosecution, and persecution, is turned against a few innocent people who choose to worship God on Saturday instead of on Sunday. This thing was actually accomplished two years ago in Arkansas, and in all the working of the Sunday law so secured, we have not been able to learn of a single case in which the personŁ prosecuted was not a Seventh-day AtP. ventist or a Seventh-day Baptist. By the efforts of the lawyers of that State, and the earnest leadership of Senator Crockett, the Leg-islature has remedied the iniquitous statute. Nor is this evil spirit confined to Arkansas. In California the present year, the same scheme was tried on the Legislature, but it failed. The same thing was tried in the Leg-islature of Minnesota, about the same time as in California, and there too, at almost the last moment, the real intent of the thing was dis-covered, and the scheme frustrated. In Texas, also, and other States, it has been attempted, and all within the present year, but so far we believe all have failed, because the evil was discovered before it was too late. And what those men did in' the law of Medo-Persia, and what these parties have done, and have tried to do in the laws of these States, that is precisely what the National Reform party is aiming to do in the Constitution and laws of the Nation. If the Legislatures of the States, or the na-tional Legislature, will guard against persecu-tion, let them beware of all preachers, people, parties, or associations, who try to secure the enactment of Sunday laws, or the repeal of exemption clauses in Sunday laws already en-acted. Nor is it only in the cases of Darius and Nebuchadnezzar that God has shown that civil government is not ordained of God in things pertaining to God, but only in things pertaining to the citizen in his relations to his fellow-citizens and to the State. Christ laid down the principle that severs forever the connection between the State and religion, and which shows conclusively that the powers that be are ordained of God only in things civil, and have nothing whatever to do with any man's personal relation of faith and obe-dience to God. Certain of the Pharisees came to Jesus and asked :Š "Is it lawful to give tribute unto Omar, or not? But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites ? Show me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? They say unto him, Cdisar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Omar the things which are exsar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." With that read the following from Paul's words in Romans 13: 1-10, and compare the italicized words:Š "Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God; the powers that be are ordained of God. . . For, for this cause pay ye tribute also; for they are God's ministers, attending continually  upon this very thing. Render therefore to all their dues ; tribute to whom tribute is due; cus-tom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honor to whom honor." CIVIL GOVERNMENT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH, THE FIRST TABLE OF THE LAW. Now what man can read these two passages of Scripture together, and honestly or truth-fully say other than that Paul had in view the word of Christ, " Render therefore unto CTsar the things which are Ccesar's? and that Romans 13 : 1-10 is an inspired comment upon the words of Christ, showing not only that the powers that be are ordained of God, but also showing in what they are ordained of God ?ŠNo one, assuredly. This is made even clearer still by the fact that Paul in referring to the duties that devolve upon men under the powers that be, makes not a single refer-ence to any of the first four commandments ; but says, " Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet ; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thy-self," thus referring solely to the second table of the law, and showing conclusively that the powers that be are ordained of God in things civil,Šin things pertaining to the relations of man with his fellow-man,--and in those things alone. As in this divine record of the duties that men owe to the powers that be, there is no reference whatever to the first table of the law, it therefore follows that the powers that be, although ordained of God, have nothing whatever to do with the first table of the law of God. Again, as the ten commandments con-tain the whole duty of man, and as in God's own enumeration of the duty that men owe to the powers that be there is no mention of any of the things contained in the first table of the law, it follows that none of the duties contained in the first table of the law of God, do men owe to the powers that be, That is to say again that the powers that be, although ordained of God, are not ordained of God in anything pertaining to a single duty enjoined in any one of the first four of the ten com-mandments. These are duties that men owe to God, and with them the powers that be can of right have nothing to do, because Christ has commanded to render unto GodŠnot to Caesar, nor by C2esarŠthat which is God's. Therefore the proof is conclusive, and the truth absolute, that the National Reform ideas of civil government are utterly at fault, and that their interpretations of Scripture on the subject of civil government are only perver- sions of Scripture. A. T. J. JSIIE:31,z A CONTRAST OF TRUE_AlVlit  FALSE THEORIES. BY MRS. E. G. WHITE. Tnis is a pamphlet of only 84 pages, but" its valueis not to be judged by its size. It is just what its title indicates: a faithful presentation of Bible truth on this important subject, and an exposure of the false theories prevailing in regard to it. Every believer in Bible truth should read it. Buy it, read it, and lend it to your neighbor. rzige, 10 cents. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal, CHRIST IN THE GOSPELS, ŠORŠ The Lilo of our Lord lo the Words of the Evougelists, BY JAMES P. CADMAN, A. M. Is—as its Name Indicates, a Compilation in which the four Narratives of 1.4IFZ OF CHRIST ARE WOVEN INTO ONE CONNECTED STORY, MAKING A COM-PLETE HARMONY OF THE GOSPELS IN THE EXACT LANGUAGE OF THE SCRIPTURES. THE text is that of the Revised Version, and while every word In the four Gospels appears, the work is so arranged that the reader can tell at a glance the words used in each Gospel. Those who have tried to gather all the facts concerning some miracle, or other event, and at the same time properly locate and credit the various parts of the narrative, will appreciate this book, which is the very best of its kind and gives evidence of an im-mense amount of careful and painstaking labor. The book is fully indexed so that any text or subject can be readily found; and the maps, notes, and diagrams which it con-tains are alone well worth the price of the volume. The follow-ing partial (less than half) TABLE OF CONTENTS will give an idea of the scope of the work:Š Index to chapter and verses; Life of Our Lord (333 pages); In-dex of persons, places, and subjects, with dictionary of proper names; Explanation of maps and diagrams; Map of the path-way of Jesus; Diagrams illustrating the principal events of crucifixion week. This work is invaluable, and all who love the Bible should have a copy. It contains 394 pages, is well printed on good paper, and is neatly and substantially bound in cloth. Price, post-paid,  $1.50 With gilt edges, -   2.00 Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. = SABBATH QUESTION. ASSORTED ROME NO. 1, PRIOR, 100. Which Day Do You Keep, and WhyŠWho Changed the Sab-bathŠThe Sabbath in the New TestamentŠElihu on the Sab-bathŠGod's MemorialŠGunday Not the SabbathŠWhy Not Found Out BeforeŠOne Ilundredlible Facts about the Sabbath. 2zZORTED Llama No. 2, Paws, 220. This package contains all the tracts in package No. 1, and the following in addition:Š Seven Reasons for Sunday-keeping ExaminedŠThe Ten Com-mandments Not AbolishedŠThe Seventh Part of TimeŠThe Definite Seventh DayŠPerfection of the Ten Commandments ŠAddress to the BaptistsŠThe Sunday Law. OTHER 1701110 ON THE SABBATH. The Truth Yound.ŠA comprehensive exposition of the nature and obligation ofthe Sabbath of the fourth command- ment. 64 pp 10e Sunday Seventh-day Examined.ŠA critical =mina-lion of the claim that Sunday is the true seventh, day of the fourth commandment. 88 pp.... 10o Brown's Review of Gil Mint') on the Sabbath Question ,) 64 pp 10o Appeal to the Baptists. ŠAn address from the Seventh-day Baptists to their first-day Baptist brethren, urging a restoration of the Bible Sabbath from the standpoint of Baptist principles of argument and interpretation. 48 pp. 10o Vindication of the True Sabbath.ŠBy a former mis- sionary of the Presbyterian Church (Morton), 68 pp 10o Morality of the Sabbath.ŠShowing that the Sabbath commandment, being found in the midst of the nine ac-knowledged moral precepts, is, like the others, moral in its nature. 96 pp. 15o Testimony of the Fathers of the first three centuries concerning the Sabbath and first-day. A candid exami- nation of both sides of the question. 112 pp 150 Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cab AN EXAMINATION OF A REMEDIAL SYSTEM IN THE LIGHT OF NATURE AND OF REVELATION. 1 -BY ELD. J. H. WAGGONER. THIRD EDITION, REVISED AND GREATLY ENLARGED. Tins work is a critical and exhaustive treatise on the plan of salvation as revealed in the Scriptures, showing its harmony with the principles of justice and mercy, its consistency with reason, and its final results as affecting the destiny of the human race. 368 pp.; cloth, $7,00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. MISCELLANEOUS TRACTS. ASSORTED PACKAGE NO. 6. PRICE, 25c. THE Plan of RedemptionŠThe .Sufferings of ChristŠThe Sanctuary of the BibleŠScripture ReferencesŠThe Spirit of ProphecyŠSpiritualism a Satanic DelusionŠSamuel and the Witch of EndorŠThe End of the WickedŠThe Two Thrones. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal, 