330 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. gladly to accept co-operation in any form in which they the Roman Church' may be willing to exhibit it." After eight years of such endeavor, their wishes were rewarded by the following pronunciamento of the Catholic Lay Congress in Balti-more, Nov. 12, 1889, which, as it passed the inspection of the hierarchy, before it was presented to the public, is the official response of the Papacy in the United States, to the National Reform overtures: There are many Christian issues to which Cath-olics could come together with non-Catholics and shape civil legislation for the public weal. In spite of rebuff and injustice, and overlooking zealotry, we should seek an alliance with non-Catholics for proper Sunday observance. Without going over to the Judaic Sabbath, we can bring the masses over to the moderation of the Christian Sunday. And this, as the American Sabbath Union branch of the National Reform combination announced at the time, was done "after correspondence and confer-ence with the American Sabbath Union." The whole statement is in these words:Š The National Lay Congress of Roman Catholics, after correspondence and conference with the American Sabbath Union, passed its famous reso-lution in favor of co-operation with Protestants in Sabbath reform. Then in the same connection, this was announced as " a proposal of courtship." Following this Archbishop Ireland in a public meeting in this city in May, 1891, thanked God that " Protestants and Cath-olics " " stand together in demanding the faithful observance of Sunday." And as the " advances," the " proposal," and the standing together were all to, secure " civil legislation " for the faithful observ-ance. of Sunday, the longed-for union was finally accomplished when they suc-ceeded in forcing the Fifty-second Con-gress into the now famous and no less in-famous Sunday legislation. Ł NOR is it to be considered at all strange that they should show themselves so law-less as to disregard and override the su-preme law of the Nation, and join them-selves to the very " mystery of lawless-ness " to accomplish this lawless purpose. For, for all these years they have openly, both in actions and words, disregarded and overridden the supreme law of the universeŠthe law of God which he pro-claimed with a voice that shook the earth and wrote with his own finger of fire on the tables of stoneŠand they have fol-lowed the preaching, the precedent and the authority of the mystery of lawless-ness in the doing of it. Š0Š ALL these years they and the people have been told in the words of God that "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord." But instead of believing it, or allowing the people to believe it, they have disregarded it and declared that it is not so. They have taught the people that it is not so. They have put no dif-ference between the holy and the profane (Eze. 23 :36) by telling the people that it is no difference what day they keep. Thus they disregard the law of the. living God, and teach the people to disregard it. Then after teaching the people to disre-gard the plain word of the law of God as to the observance of the day which he has commanded; and telling all that there is no command of God for the observance of Sunday; they join heart and hand with the mystery of lawlessness which has es-tablished Sunday instead of the Sabbath of the Lord and set its own word and heathen customs above the law of God.  Having thus forsaken the Lord, and all true allegiance to his law, and gone over bodily and heartily and " gladly " to the mystery of lawlessnessŠhaving gone to such lengths as this in despising the law of the living God, it is not at all to be wondered at that they would despise the supreme law of the Government of the United States, nor that they should com-pel Congress in violation of its solemn oath, to join in their high-handed enter-prise and establish their lawless purpose, by the surrender of the power of the na-tional Government into their hands to be used at their lawless will, to enforce upon all their lawless decrees. --0Š AND these are they who pose before the American people as " the best people," and " the law-abiding people " of the land! Such self-trumpeted glory is com-pletely becoming. Such modesty fits them exactly. A. T. J. Religious Persecution. THOSE who imagine that in every State and Territory of this great so-called free America, perfect religious freedom exists, . . . are wofully mistaken. Men and women are, by statute, forced to make an outward semblance of worshiping God according to the dictates of their neigh-bors, or subjected to a fine and imprison-ment. The sentiment which prevailed with those who founded the Inquisition and inflicted the most horrible cruelties on dissenters and those who burned witches and banished Roger Williams and his little band of Baptists to Rhode Island, still prevails to an extent not imagined by many who believe this to be a land of liberty. As an excuse for religious persecution, we are often told that this is a Christian country. Those who argue thus would, if their own religious denomination were in the majority, make this a Methodist country or a Presbyterian country; and there are a few who would make it a Bap-tist country. If the Catholics or the Jews should get to be a majority, they would, according to the arguments of these nar-row-minded fanatics, have a perfect right to make this a papal or a Hebrew ooun-try. Their idea seems to be that might is right, but if the Jews or the Seventh-day Adventists constituted the majority in the Stale or Nation, and were to pass an act reqriring the religious observance of the real Sabbath of the BibleŠSaturdayŠthe shoe would be on the wrong foot, there would be a great howl against religious persecution, and the oppressed would go on worshiping Sunday and worshiping on Sunday as now, and glory in being perse-cuted for Jesus' sake. But to the facts: In a certain section of Tennessee reside a number of Seventh-day Adventists, whose distinguishing characteristic is that they keep holy as the Sabbath the orig-inal Sabbath of the BibleŠSaturday. There is a Sunday law in Tennessee, which forbids work being done on Sunday. Some Seventh-day Adventists were ar-rested, charged with working on Sunday. They plead in defense that Saturday was the Sabbath of the Bible, and the day ob-served by them was the Christian Sab-bath. They proved that they rested on Saturday; that the railroads, livery sta-bles, hotels, and other lines of business did business on Sunday, and that even the State's witnesses were transacting business, one going after a cow and an- other on some other business errand, when they saw one of the defendants quietly plowing in his field some 200 yards from the public road, and disturbing no one. Yet these witnesses swore that their con-sciences were shocked. What a shocking lie ! These Adventists were convicted by the justice, under most infamous rulings; the case was affirmed by the higher courts, even including the highest State court of Tennessee, and the defendants were, at last accounts, appealing to the United States courts for relief from this most infamous religious persecution. In one case the Adventists were found guilty, and notwithstanding the fact that they were men of excellent character, were worked on the roads like common felons, solely for exercising the right guaranteed them by the Constitution of the United StatesŠto worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences. And this is so-called free America. Now, had these poor Adventists been Baptists and in a small minority, their persecutors would just as soon have had them arrested, convicted and made to work on the streets, or roads, like felons of the lowest class, on the ground that they disturbed the peace of the community by engaging in the indecent practice of immersing men and women, or on some other trumped-up charge. The Star always regrets to see Baptists Š degenerate Baptists Š depart from the old and honored landmarks of the ancient church, by engaging in these persecutions for opinions' sake, and vio-lating that honored principle incorporated by Baptists into the Constitution of the United States, that Church and State must be separate.ŠMorning Star, Marshall, Texas. Sunday Laws in Pennsylvania. REv. J. H. LEIPER, one of the district secretaries of the National Reform Asso-ciation, has been spending some time in the oil regions of Pennsylvania, and re-ports progress in the Christian Statesman of October 15. Mr. Leiper says :Š Quite a large number of farmers receive a steady monthly income from the " royalty " of wells oper-ated by various oil companies. No class of men better deserve the oil episode. To know farmers you must be among them. As a rule no more gen-erous set of men exist. Occasionally you will meet a mean, narrow-minded, hard-twisted Lord of the Soil, but this is the exception. They have proved themselves practical Christians in regard to the law of the Sabbath. A sharp contest was carried through to a success-ful issue in favor of letting the wells take care of themselves on the Sabbath. It was necessary to use the "arm of the law" and it was done firmly and vigorously. The companies paid the fines and gave orders to superintendents to "go ahead." The fanners were men who had been educated in the John Knox school of theology ; they be-lieved in the Sabbath of the fathers, and had the courage of their convictions, so they gave their orders, too, that is, to the officers of the law, " go ahead." One transgressor was brought face to face before the court to the tune of sixteen indict-ments. He could only "fess up " and pay his fines and costs of suit and return to his work a wiser if not a better man. . . . If the officers of the law everywhere had the proper regard for their oath of office, and the law-abiding people promptly reported all and every infraction of law known to them, and demanded its just punishment, the honor of the law would be maintained and its vio-lations be very rare. This of itself would solve the Sabbath problem of this land. It seems from this that " the Sabbath of the fathers" is the Sunday enforced by civil law ! But that is not the Sabbath of the Bible; the Bible Sabbath is an insti-tution which those who observe it call " honorable," and " a delight." (See Ira. 58 : 13.) Another point worthy of notice in the 