158 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil irovernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in ,stimahle blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E., WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. A RECENT Sunday-law meeting in Ed-inboro, Pennsylvania, passed, among oth-ers, the following resolution relative to this paper:Š That we warn the people of our community against the insidious attacks of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL and other secularist publications, and all those who aim to defeat or antagonize legislation designed to perpetuate to all our people the preser-vation of the Christian Sabbath. The same meeting heartily indorsed the ironclad Sunday law of Pennsylvania, in these words :Š We utter our indignant protest against the pro-posal to modify, nullify, repeal, or in any way impair the efficiency of our Sunday law of 1794. Laws which for nearly one hundred years have stood as a bulwark in defense of our Christian Sabbath. They should have added : A law which for nearly one hundred years has made it possible for any religious bigot who wished to do so to persecute those who differed from him in the matter of Sunday observ-ance. Possibly the Rev. J. L. McCartny, under whose directions these resolutions were drawn and adopted, does not know that under that same law of 1704 Seventh-day Baptists have been repeatedly fined and imprisoned for doing common labor on Sunday, after having conscientiously observed the seventh day according to the fourth commandment. But Mr. McCartny is an officer of the American Sabbath Un-ion, and the works of the Union heŁ will do. THE Riverside (California) Daily Press, of April 23, publishes an article " by re-quest of the Pastor's Association," in, ad-vocacy of the exemption of church prop-erty from taxation. Church property is now taxed in California, but the arrange-ment is not pleasing to many of the min-isters. The writer of the article in ques-tion says that a tax upon church property is a tax upon religion, and declares that as a matter of true statesmanship and economy, the State had better do all in its power to aid the  churches, even to build them such houses and ex-empt them from all kinds of taxation. In conclusion the writer says I take the ground that to tax a house of worship, the most co-efficient factor and element in good government, is inconsistent and wrong; wrong in principle, and wrong in practice also. But, if chal-lenged on the point of the vast sums invested in church buildings, I would willingly concede that beyond a fixed and reasonable sum so invested, in our houses for worship exclusively, the State may rightfully levy a tax. I make the same plea for a primary or district school-house, but no other school or college. California, I believe, has the distinction among all the States of the Union, of abolishing the civil and religious Sunday, and also of taxing church houses. It is to be hoped that this distinc-tion may soon be lost; and that soon this heaven-favored and sun-blessed land may stand up among the sisterhood of States, with no blush on her fair brow. That is, he would favor a system that would put a premium upon fraud, and constitute the State the judge of what is worship.to  God ! It would be interesting to hear the gen-tleman explain how California abolished the religious Sunday. California simply abolished what we have been assured again and again by the Sunday-law or-ators, from Mr. Crafts to Joseph Cook, was simply a civil Sunday law; how then can it be true that California abolished the religious Sunday ? Is Sunday as a religious day dependent in any measure upon State legislatures ? So it seems. But what then becomes of the claim that Sun-day laws are civil only ? THE Observer notes that the Select Committee on Public Petitions has re-ported two hundred and twenty-six petitions for-warded to Parliament against the recent bill for the removal of Catholic disabilities, but not one in its favor. Liberalism in reference to church mat-ters has made considerable progress, but a revulsion of feeling is quite possible. Mr. Spurgeon expresses the feeling that the Society for the Liberation of the Church from State Control, has gone too far along political lines, and he refuses the use of the Taber-nacle for the Society's annual meeting. . . . The two movements have, of course, drawn their support from Nonconformists, but all Nonconform-ists are evidently not ready to wipe out all religious distinctions. These "two movements" referred to are the attempt to remove Catholic disabili-ties, and to free the Church from the con-trol of the State, or separate Church and State. Every example of the advocacy of religious freedom which is not based on the pure principle of liberty as it is found in Christ will experience e " revulsion of feeling," and finally prove its complete inadequacy, becoming at last, instead of a defender of the faith, an efficient aid to the enemies of religious freedom. These movements are in this instance inspired by selfish or mixed motives, for if they were introduced, advocated, and supported, solely on the gospel ground of " Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them," it would not be possible to " go too far," and 'no one, while yet a Christian, would feel any " revulsion " from such a course in the affairs of either Church or State. Subtly Dangerous. UNDER the heading " The Pittsburg Law and Order Society," the Christian States-man, of a late date, says:Š Pittsburg is one of the quietest cities in the United States on the Sabbath. For this it thanks its Law and Order Society, under the management of the efficient and zealous Captain Wishart. But the Society has gained the undying hatred of the law-less classes, and the most unscrupulous assaults are constantly made upon it. It has just now been attacked in the LegislatureŠin what manner it may be inferred from the spirited reply which it has forwarded, by mail, to every member of that body:Š Inasmuch as the enemies of the Sunday law are circulating at Harrisburg false and malicious statements alleging gross abuses in the enforcement of said law in Allegheny County, with intent to render the Sunday law odious and to influence the Legislature to legalize certain kinds of business, we make the following statement:Š First ŠNo person has ever been prosecuted for the sale, on Sunday, of any medicine of any kind whatsoever, or of any appliances designed for the relief of pain or sickness. Second. ŠNo person has ever been prosecuted for the delivery, on Sunday, of bread, or fresh milk, or ice, or of fresh meats kept in butchers refrigerators over Saturday night. Third.ŠNo person has ever been coaxed or induced to violate the law by any agent or employe of the league. Fourth.ŠThe league has not made a specialty of prosecuting "widows and cripples." ' On the contrary, as the records will show, it began with the big offenders and prosecuted them vigorously and successfully. The league, however, has never regarded physical or financial disability as a sufficient justifi-cation for the persistent violation of law. . . . Five.ŠNot one dollar of the fines collected for worldly em-ployment has ever been received either directly or indirectly by the league or by any agent or employe of the league; nor has the fines. . . . The above points cover the stereotyped charges which con-stitute the stock in trade of the law-breakers and their sympa-thizers. We challenge proof of any of these alleged abuses. The cases are all matters of record. We invite the fullest investigation, and will cheerfully meet our accusers face to face before a legislative committee, or any other tribunal. We call attention to a single fact which should show the utter flimsiness of all such charges: defendants have the right of appeal to the Judges. . . We desire to emphasize the fact that the work of the league is done under the careful supervision of a committee. Our agent. Captain Wishart, is paid a fixed salary, and makes weekly reports to the committee. . . . Our motto is, " We ask only obedience to law." To this reasonable demand good citizens will not object.' Others must not. The league will continue to prosecute law-breakers with-out fear, favor, or affection, as it has done from the beginning. There is no factor of this whole National Reform movement more subtly dangerous than the Law and Order League. A care-ful study of the above manifesto will develop many of the points wherein this organization is really inimical to the safety of the commonwealth which it so earnestly professes to protect. In the first place, its main burden is the support and enforcement of religious laws, more especially of Sunday observance at present, as is shown in this letter to leg-islators. In the next place it assumes to itself, with the utmost arrogance, a . com-plete incapacity to do wrong so long as it does not overstep, in its prosecutions, the limits of technical law. It flaunts in the face of any who are, or may be, its victims the fact that " defendants have the right of appeal." All that they ask is " obedi-ence 'to law," to this good citizens will not object, "others must not." These are principles no whit different from those upon which the inquisitorial prosecutions were carried on, and upon which the infliction of civil penalties, for the infraction of religion and ecclesiastical canons, were justified. These phrases have a fine rhetorical ring but not all good citizens will accept it as an established ethical principle that they should acquiesce in ;the enforcement of unjust and unchristian laws simply be-cause they have been enacted and are on the statute books. C. ELDRIDGE,  W. A. COLCORD, President. Secretary. 