82 voL. 8, No. 11. case of hardship or wrong as it appears, but to apply the general principles which may meet and satisfy all cases. If the application of this principle, when found, abrogates the law entirely, it is conclusive proof that the whole law is vicious and should never have been placed upon the statute books. But a still more important element than one which may form a part of any strictly civil statute enters into this question. The whole matter is found to be a religious question, and therefore not a subject of civil legisla-tion at all. If the law is a religious law, every exemption from its action, short of an entire repeal, would also be religious in character. That Sunday laws are religious laws and intended for the enforcement of reli-gion, has been so many times and so clearly shown, and is in itself so evident, that to rehearse the points which show it to be so is unnecessary. They are reli-gious and nothing but religious. Exemp-tion clauses attached to them will also be religious. Consider this exemption clause which has been quoted and see if it is not so in this case. Look first at the title to the act. Does it prohibit interference with the religious liberties and rights of any and all citizens ? No! Only those of " certain classes of persons." Why not ? Is it that the right to interfere with the religious liberties of certain other classes of persons is reserved ? It cer-tainly is. There is a sense in which it is a religious right to be non-religious; it surely is an inalienable right. -The legis-lative privilege of coercing this class is reserved in this title when read with the body of the bill. Again, the right to coerce into the observance of Sunday those who make a profession of that form of religion, of which Sunday is the dis-tinguishing mark, is reserved by this title and the bill itself, both by virtue of being an exemption clause and by virtue of the naming of certain particular classes within the clause. Again, in the body of the bill, two reli-gious denominations are specified, and a general expression attached covering all religionists who differ with the majority as to the observance of the first day of the week. The language includes all "whose religious faith teaches them to conscien-tiously believe that another day than the one generally observed by the people of the State is the proper one authorized by God as a day of rest." What is required here ? That the exempted should be taught by a "religious faith" to believe " conscientiously " in another day " au-thorized by God." A conscientious be-lief which is the result of religious faith in the authority of God is certainly a reli-gious belief,Šand that this exemption clause requires. But not only does it re-quire belief, and religious, conscientious belief, but it requires that the individual shall act according to that belief, and " observe one day in each week as a day of rest, as commanded in the Scriptures." An injunction to observe a religious form in accordance with the Scriptures can scarcely be anything else than a religious injunction. How clear it is that this ex-emption, and all exemptions, affixed to religious laws, are no less religious in intent and effect than the original statutes themselves. Will not those hearts which have been warmed by this impulse of humanity, re-ceive still farther the inspiration of cour-age to stand for the pure justice and right  reason which must always accompany true religion undefiled, and ask unequiv-ocally for the complete repeal of all reli-gious legislation, without subterfuge, ex- ception, or exemption ? W. H. M. "The Limits of Legitimate Religious Discussion." THE tread toward religious legislation, or rather toward a restriction of what is popularly known as religious liberty, is shown more plainly, or rather avowed more openly, by the Right Rev. Leighton Coleman, S. T. D., LL. D., Bishop of Delaware, in an article under the fore-going title, in the North American Re- view for January, than by any other writer who has yet given his views on this subject to the public through the media.co of the press. The bishop's first proposition is that " there is a discussion styled religious which is not legitimate." He describes it thus :Š It is such as calls in question the fundamental principles of religion. Any discussion which in-volves disrespect to them transcends its proper bounds. Admitting the necessity of defining the term religion, Bishop Coleman continues : My own view of the subject shall be confined to the United States. The inquiry will at once arise : " Is there here any form of religion which may be called national, and which its adherents may on that account consider entitled, so far as its funda-mental principles are concerned, to limitation of debate ? Without hesitation, I answer "Yes." From the very beginning of its colonization, this country has distinctly recognized Christianity as its religion. It is just as easy to prove its formal and constant acknowledgment in the beginning as it is to prove that there is no such formal acknowledgment in our present national Constitution. Yet this very lack of formal acknowledgment, when considered in connection with the fact that Congress is pro-hibited from making any law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, can be fairly considered as testifying not only to the existence, but, also, to the supremacy of Christianity. This is the same interpretation put upon the First Amendment to the Federal Con-stitution by the Supreme Court, hence it is not original with the bishop. It is, however, a most monstrous perversion of the fundamental law of a great Nation. The idea that the framers of that amend- ment designed thereby to establish Chris-tianity, or any other form of religion, in this country is too absurd to be entertained by any except the intensely bigoted or the basely interested. Every fair-minded man knows better. Continuing, Bishop Coleman says :Š In further support of the contention that Chris-tianity is the national religion of America I would not only appeal Šas one can do very confidentlyŠto the common sentiment and practice of all classes, but also to the well-weighed utterances of the ju-diciary, from the first days of our political inde-pendence. The bishop then quotes Chancellor Kent, of New York, and the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania in support of his proposition that in this country Chris-tianity is protected by law, and then says : So, then, I repeat that a discussion which would include within its limits an attack upon the funda-mental principles of Christianity is, so far as that attack is concerned, distinctly illegitimate. We recognize this dogma when applied to civil affairs: When a citizen essays to bring into disre-pute the fundamental principles of that form of government under which he Is living, he is ac-counted a traitor, and is liable to arrest and pun-ishment. . . . Is it not much more treasonable to bring into contempt the institutions and tenets of Christianity ? And especially so, since it is a time of war ? For in the conflict which Christi-anity is waging there is no discharge. It will last  as long as the world in which we live. Therefore it is that a perpetual limit must be placed to the questioning or denial, by way of discussion, of such things as are essential to Christianity. Hardly anything is more injurious to the State than a lack of confidence between man and man. It threatens the disruption of the very bonds of society. And this is the risk that is run in allow-ing religious discussions to go on indefinitely and wantonly, robbing men of their faith in God and Christ, and so, in time, of their faith in one an-other, for faith in man has its highest develop-ment among those who believe in God. Just how much is involved in the propo-sitions quoted from Bishop Coleman, the readers of this paper need not be told. They will readily understand that were his views to be crystallized into law, or what would amount to about the same thing, into court decisions, freedom of speech, even in religious things, would be a thing of the past. The mere utterance of such sentiments is ominous, for already the legal precedents exist in many of our States to give all the force of law to every proposition laid down by the bishop. He himself thus argues this very question :Š It may suffice to adduce one or two authorities on this point. Chancellor Kent, of New York, delivered, in 1811, the following opinion: "The people of this State, in common with the people of this country, profess the general doctrines of Chris-tianity as their faith and practice." "True," he went on to say, " the Constitution has discarded reli-gious establishments," but what then ? " It does not forbid judicial cognizance of those offenses against religion and morality which have no refer-ence to any such establishment, or to any particu-lar form of government, but are punishable be-cause they strike at the root of moral obligation and weaken the security of social ties." He added : " To construe it as breaking down the common-law barriers against licentious, wanton and impious attacks upon Christianity itself, would be an enor-mous perversion of its meaning." The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania subsequently ruled that " even if Christianity were not a part of the law of the land, it is the popular religion of the country; an insult to which would be indictable as tending to disturb the public peace;" adding that "no society can tolerate a wilful and despiteful attempt to subvert religion." Having thus fortified himself in the proposition that "any discussion which calls into question the fundamental prin-ciples of religion, " transcends proper bounds and can be prohibited by civil law, Bishop Coleman defines what he re-gards as some of the "fundamental prin-ciples of Christianity." He says :Š None is more distinctly so than a belief in the personality of its Founder, Jesus Christ. And with this belief in his personality is the equally funda-mental belief in him as both God and Man. But few persons question the fact of His exist-ence. More refuse to acknowledge his divinity. And herein lies a transgression of the limits of legitimate religious discussion. Indeed, one who denies the divinity of Christ takes himself out of religious discussion altogetherŠat least so far as this country is concerned. He robs Christianity of that which primarily makes it the religion of the world, and reduces it simply to a system of wilful deceit and shameless wickedness. . . . Such an assault is beyond the pale of legitimate discus-sion. Just how far-reaching the bishop would make his rule will appear from the follow-ing :Š One can not but regret the recent appearance in this Review of an article which, while professing to be a review of the life and works of a French author, lately deceased, was really an arraignment of Christianity, and a wanton attack not only upon Christ's claim to divinity, but also upon his good-ness of character. Such an article certainly transgresses those bounds of religious disscussion which I have ven-tured to lay down; and this not only because of assailing the fundamental principles of Christi-anity, but, further, because of its vain repetition of what has been so many times answered with such unquestionable reasonableness. This shows that not simply would the bishop invoke the civil law against these grosser assaults upon religion calculated 