AMERICAN SENTINEL. 55 ray heavenly Father hath not planted shall be rooted Instead of yielding their hearts to the truth, and re-ceiving Christ as the Son of God, they steel their hearts against him: and because he heals the sick, as at the pool of Bethesda, on the Sabbath day, they proceed at once to persecute him and seek to slay him. John 5:16. On another occasion Christ entered the synagogue, Ł wherein was a man with a withered arm. The day was the Sabbath. "And they (the Pharisees) watched him, whether he would heal him on the Sabbath day: that they might accuse him." Mark 2:2. Christ knew that they had murder in their hearts toward him; but un-daunted he asked, "Is it lawful to do good on the Sab-bath day, or to do evil? to save life or to kill? But they held their peace." With this question Christ healed the man. Determined to bring about the destruction of Christ for his alleged violation of the Sabbath, the Pharisees immediately went forth, and took counsel with the liero-dians (up to this time they had hated each other) against him how they might destroy him. In none of the instances cited above did Christ charge the Pharisees openly with purposing to kill him, although he knew it perfectly well. But in the seventh chapter of John it is recorded that he did this, and reference is made to it here because of the reply that the Pharisees made. Said Christ, "Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law? Why go ye about to kill me? The people answered and said, Thou hast a devil: who goeth about to kill thee?" Verses 19, 20. Christ is here charged with having a devil. Compar-ing this with what is recorded in Matthew 12, we can more fully understand its significance. There we learn that Christ had wrought his miracles through the Holy Spirit. And yet the Pharisees in the hardness of their hearts attributed the work of the Holy Spirit to that of Satan. This was the sin against the Holy Ghost. See verses 24, 28, 31. What had led them to such an awful climax? We answer: their attitude to Christ with reference to the Sabbath. Not that we claim that the miracle wrought by Christ as recorded in Matt. 12:5, and that immedi-ately called forth the charge of the Pharisees, as stated above, was done on the Sabbath. The connection of this terrible charge of the Pharisees with their attitude to-ward the Sabbath is none the less real; and it was only the logical result of their position concerning the Sabbath in the premises. As before stated, from the beginning of Christ's min-istry, his teachings were at variance with those of the Pharisees; but notwithstanding this, nearly one half of his ministry was past before any open opposition against him was manifested. They were unable during that time to determine where his work would lead. But when they saw what Christ did on the Sabbath day, which was such  a flagrant violation of their idea of Sabbath-keeping, they could see that it would be utterly impossible for Christ eventually to stand with them on this point. Christ being, as they alleged, a Sabbath-breaker, and yet doing that which was, to say the least, superhuman, they could easily come to the conclusion that "this man is not of God," that he has a devil, and through that devil did his wondrous works. And so opposing Christ in the matter of the Sabbath, they could not possibly escape attributing the work of the Holy Spirit in him to that of Satan. Hence we see that the sin against the Holy Spirit is involved in this question of the Sab- , bath. Grave Cause for Alarm. BY GEO. B. WHEELER. IN the United States Senate Report on the Sunday mails, in 1829, by Hon. Richard M. Johnson, it was said:Š "All religious despotism commences by combination and influence; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequences." American State Papers, pp. 95, 111. History testifies to the truth of this statement, and the fact that this same combination and influence is al-ready beginning to operate upon the political institu-tions of the country, is certainly a grave causefor alarm. Reform societies and religious organizations are now combining for the purpose of forcing their ideas of reform upon the country, prominent amongst which is the com-pulsory observance of a religious institution by law,ŠSunday-keeping. And not only this, but they declare their purpdse to make the will of God to be done in this country, with themselves of course, as the interpreters of his will, which will make them the rulers of the country. The Reform Bureau in Washington, aided by various religious organizations, which are supporting it, has al-ready begun a campaign to defeat the reelection of mem-bers to Congress for the reason that they do not favor their reforms, the principal one of which instead of being a reform is a measure of absolute intolerance. Their arguments do not commend themselves to the intelli-gence of the committees before whom they have argued, and for that reason they are trying to force Congress-men to do, by fear of losing their positions, what their arguments fail to do. We would warn all who value the great principles of liberty and equal rights upon which our Government was founded, to oppose this would-be religious despotism which is already beginning to act upon the political in-stitutions of the country, before it gains sufficient head-way to cause the civil power to bend under it. 