THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 313 the crops failed in a large district, but it is stated that in the whole country there is grain enough to feed the people, but those who need it have not the means to buy. These facts are a fearful commentary on the boasted civilization of the nineteenth century, to say nothing of Christianity. The general manager of the Union Traction Com-pany of this city estimates that the labor troubles are costing the company $1,000 a day in loss of receipts. "The managers of other transportation systems," it is said, "both surface and elevated, have expressed like views and it is probable that the labor difficulties which have prevailed during the last sixty days have reduced street and elevated railroad earnings by something like $100,000. The receipts of the street railroads have long been regarded as one of the most trustworthy in-dications of the state of city business." Commenting upon these facts a daily paper says : "It would be a modest estimate to say that every 5 cents missed by the transportation companies represents at least 25 cents missed by the butcher, the grocer, the dry goods merchant, druggist and landlord from the same cause. This loss is the injury inflicted incidentally upon gen-.eral business, quite apart from the losses suffered di-rectly by those who are engaged in the struggle. It suggests the extent to which the general public is in-terested, on the economic side, in what is commonly called the labor question, and how important a right treatment of that question is from the point of view -of the public." Some quotations made from European journals by the Springfield Republican (Mass.) throw what that paper calls a "sobering illumination" upon the regard in which the Monroe doctrine has now come to be held in Europe, thus : "The London Economist pokes fun at the Monroe -doctrine, and says : 'It has become so increasingly illogical that the older diplomacy will not consent to recognize it, and will undoubtedly, when the emer-gency arises, deny that it can be an excuse for com-pelling any European power to surrender its purposes.' The Saturday Review questions whether we have not `voluntarily abandoned all moral claim to insist on the recognition of the Monroe doctrine by Europe our right to do so has always been challenged, but now that the United States 'has chosen to appear as a con-,quering power in eastern seas and among the West Indies, the claim is being gradually exposed in all its naked extravagance.' The Outlook is of the same mind : 'The sole ground upon which the United States can successfully maintain their exclusive influence on the American continent is that they shall not interfere .on other continents. The rule applies to men and na-tions alike, that in requiring others to attend to their  own affairs, you must define your own business and stick to it.' The force of these statements must be ad-mitted." In a recent address delivered before the Savings Bank association in New York City, on "The Aristoc- racy of the Dollar," Colonel T. W. Higginson said : "I remember in my youth there was a certain gen-tleman who was suspected of being a millionaire. What is the possession of a million dollars now, let us say, within the precincts of this Chamber of Commerce? Respectable poverty. "Aristocracy of birth and aristocracy of wealth have Ł up to this time divided the world between them. The aristocracy of birth has steadily lost prestige for many years. "Year by year, for the last century, the assimila-tion of the aristocracy of birth with the aristocracy of wealth in the English House of Lords has gone on steadily. The change is distinct gain." In a recent speech in Congress on the Navy Appro- priation bill, Senator Lodge said : "My reasons for desiring more ships and desiring them quickly, is my belief that the safety of the United States depends upon the strength of our navy. We do not need the navy for the protection of our insular possessions. The danger lies in our own great coast line and in the defense of the Monroe doctrine in this hemisphere. We are about to enter upon the construc-tion of an isthmian canal. Whether it will be better to fortify that canal or not is yet an open question. But to control that canal, to defend it, to hold it open for our commerce and for the commerce of the world, even though it be against an enemy's fleet, we must be the naval masters of the Caribbean Sea. "We would be foolish indeed if we should close our eyes to the possibilities of the situation. We could never allow the Danish islands to pass into any other hand than ours. The Monroe doctrine is a great pro-tection to the United States, but I am by no means sure that some European nation (perhaps one whose navy is now receiving such rapid increase) may not test the Monroe doctrine." Though the Senator did not mention Germany by name, his meaning was unmistakable, and his words have elicited sharp retorts from the German press. * The York (Pa.) Gazette, of Is 6th, publishes some interesting statistics that go to show that, contrary to the prevailing idea, so-called Christians outnumber nearly two to one the adherents of any other religion, while all the others outnumber the Christians less than two to one. These statistics are credited to a French statistician, who states that there are in round numbers 477,000,000 Christians, 256,000,000 of the followers of Confucius, 190,000,000 Hindoos, 177,000,000 Moham-medans, and 148,000,000 Buddhists. 