312 AMERICAN SENTINEL. TRUMPET /f\- TONES Spurgeon Said: I AM ashamed of some Christians because they have so much dependence on Parliament and the law of the land. Much good may Parliament do to true religion, except by mistake. As to getting the law of the land to our religion, we earnestly cry, " Hands off ! leave us alone." Your Sunday bills and all other forms of Act-of-Parliament reli-gion seem to me to be all wrong. Give us a fair field and no favor, and our faith has no cause to fear. Christ wants no help from Cesar. Let our members of Parliament repent of the bribery and corrup-tion so rife in their own midst before they set up to be protectors of the religion of our Lord Jesus. I should be afraid to borrow help from government; it would look to me as if I rested on the arm of flesh, instead of depend-ing on the living God. Let the Lord's day be respected by all means, and may the day soon come when every shop shall be closed on the Sabbath, but let it be by the force of conviction, and not by force of the policeman; let true-religion triumph by the power of God in men's hearts, and not by the power of fines and punishments.ŠExtract from one ofSpurgeon's Sermons, quoted in "Aus-tralian Sentinel" for March, 1895. "IT is none of Caesar's business to deal with our con-sciences, neither will we ever obey Caesar in any matter which touches conscience. He may make what laws he will about religion, but by our loyalty to God we pour contempt on Cesar when he usurps the place of God. He is no more to us than the meanest beggar in the street if he goes beyond his own legitimate authority. To Caesar, Cesar's; politics to politicians; obedience, cheer-ful and prompt, to civil rulers; to God, and to God only, things that are God's; and what are these? Our hearts, our souls, our consciences. Man himself is the coin upon which God has stamped his image and superscription (though, alas ! both are sadly marred), and we must ren-der to God our manhood, our wills, our thoughts, our judgments, our minds, our hearts. Consciences are for God. Any law that touches conscience is null and void, ipso facto, for the simple reason that kings and parlia-ments have no right to interfere in the realm of con-science. Conscience is under law to none but God."Š "Sermons of Rev.  C.H. Spurgeon," Vol. 10, pp. 111,112. Funk & Wagnall, New York. " BAPTIST Principles of Religious Liberty," by Geo B. Wheeler, an advertisement of which appears on another page, is destined to accomplish great good in stirring up the pure minds of Baptists to earnestly contend for the faith once delivered to the saints along the lines of "soul liberty." The author has received warm endorsements of his pamphlet from prominent Baptist preachers and editors, college presidents and professors, both north and south. Rev. Arthur S. Burrows, whose ringing words on Church and State we print on another page, writes thus of the pamphlet:Š " My Dear Mr. Wheeler:Š "I thank you for your courteous permission to peruse your " Baptist Principles of Religious Liberty." They are righteous, because based upon the principles of Christ. They are essential, because the only assurance of both individual and national life. Your statement of these principles is a fresh inspiration to simple Christianity, pure church membership, and patriotic citizenship. " Accept a contribution of mine during 1896, and my best wishes. " Sincerely yours, `` ARTHUR S. BURROWS." The Spirit, and the Word. By Rev. F. B. Meyer. YOUR preaching and teaching must be in harmony with the Word of God. I am a Quaker by extraction, and I glory in it, especially when I know what they have been in this country. I dissent from them because I believe thi'y went wrong when they magi i-fied the Holy Spirit to the exclu-sion, in many cases, of the Word of God. And with all love I would say that if there is one danger ahead for the Salvation Army of the present day, it is lest they should magnify the work of the Spirit of God in experience, apart from the Word of God taught to their converts. Remember that the Holy Spirit is like a locomotive, the Word of God like the steel rails; and you must have the steel rails of the Bible as well as the steam po'wer of the Holy Ghost. Let the Holy Ghost fill you, but He will work along that Book. And I hold that the fact that the Holy Spirit elects to work through that Book is its most complete vindica-tion against all that modern critics have to say. As long as the Holy Ghost is prepared to stand by it and to work by it, I hold it to be in an incomparable sense the word of the living God to man. I am well satisfied to accept it all, Jonah and the fish included.* *From " A Castaway," p. 93, by Rev. F. B. Meyer, /2 mo., cloth, price 30 cents; F. H. Revell Co., New York. REV. C. H. SPURGEON. [From Christian Herald.] REV. F. B. MEYER. [Copyrighted by F. H. Revell Co.] 