Ł THV AIVIRRICAN it may be that God will open the eyes of some of them to see the great error of try-ing to secure the legal enforcement of Sunday, or any other religious observance. A. 0. TAIT. Suntlay at the World's Fair. WHAT iS the duty of the State in this matter ? Clearly, to do whatever con-serves the welfare of the majority of the people. The minority have the right to stay away from the Exposition on Sunday, but they have no right to throw obstacles in the way of a majority by influencing popular sentiment or securing legislative enactments to prevent them from enjoying that day in-whatever way they may see fit, provided they do not infringe on the rights of the minority."ŠElizabeth Cady Stan-ton, in North American Review. -4- The Exposition and Ideal Christianity. IT is claimed that there are over thirteen million Protestant church members in this country; and, professedly in their interest, National Reformers demand with the em-phasis of a threatened boycott that the World's Exposition at Chicago be closed on Sundays. Such a threat unmasks the selfish persecuting spirit of this " civil Sabbath " fraud. It is a fraud because the spirit that animates it is, though profes-sedly religous, antagonistic to the spirit of the gospel of Christ. It does not propose to " persuade men . . . by the meek-ness and gentleness of Christ" to Obey what they believe to be a precept of the laws of God, but, by the lash of civil penalty to force the unwilling into a semblance of obedience. These zealots only lack the power of Nebuchadnezzar to resort to the stringent measures of that heathen ruler. See Dan. 3:19, 20. Should the gates of the Exposition be closed on Sunday as the result of ecclesi-astical interposition what will be gained to the cause of Christianity? Manifestly nothing; but, rather, an irreparable loss to the popular churches at least, for the multitudes of all nationalities gathered there will not be long in learning why the gates are closed against them, and by whom. Will such a consideration attract them to the churches to hear the gospel ? Will it not rather create in them a hatred toward the churches and a determined pur-pose to, avoid them ? Such is human nature. Turned away from the Exposition, and into the streets of the great city, the saloons and beer gardens will be filled to overflow-ing in spite of an army of police, and the city will soon be glad to open the Exposi-tion and welcome excursion trains and boats on Sunday to absorb its surplus population and drain off its pent up social miasm. On the other hand, were the churches to adopt God's plan of winning by moral sua-sion and the power of example, how dif-ferent the result might be. In imagination I see a Hindu, a China-man, a Persian, and a Turk, walking through the Exposition buildings on Sun-day, in company with an interpreter, when the following dialogue takes place: Hindu.Š" Why is it that we see less people here to-day than on other days, and many of the stalls closed ?" Interpreter.Š" It is because there are millions of people in this country, and thousands of them in this city, who keep Sunday, thinking it to be the Sabbath, or holy time, and therefore not one of them is here to-day." Turk,Š"Allah is great! But what kind of people are they ?" Interpreter.Š" They are a very good people. They are every one of them hon-est; they pay their meat bills, their gro-cery bills, their milk bills, their rent bills, and all other debts; and if one of their number is too poor to do it, his more for-tunate brethren help him." Chinaman.Š"How much like the great Confucius. Tell some more." Interpreter.Š" Yes, I can tell you more. They do not smoke nor chew tobacco nor opium, nor take snuff. They do not drink whiskey, nor use intoxicating wine even at the communion table. Their women dress plainly, do not ' bang' their hair, nor wear earrings or finger rings. I can tell you they are a marvel of sweetness, of grace, and of beauty. When you go into their mosques, or Joss houses, which they call churches, you will observe that `the rich and the poor meet together,' and no caste is observable." Persian.Š"And where do they learn all these excellent things ? They must have a sacred book, more excellent than the zend." Interpreter.Š " Yes, they have; it is called the Bible." All.Š"We remember to have seen it offered to the people in our own country and in our own languages, but we spurned it. Now, however, we are resolved as soon as we reach home to procure. a copy of the wonderful book and read it. But are these Christian people the same that send missionaries into our countries ?" Interpreter.Š" Yes, the very same." All.Š" Please conduct us at once to one of their temples where we can learn more of this wonderful people." But I have drawn a pen picture of an ideal Christianity in the popular churches. Ministers and people committed to the scheme of National Reform, so-called, do not, in a general sense, possess the power of a godly example, the fruit of a holy life, as their practices and confessions show, of sufficient potency to win the re-spect of intelligent observers, or to attract the masses to the sanctuary; and they must needs arm themselves with civil power to° supply the deficiency, and to silence the reprover. The closing of the Exposition is only a means to such an end. The animus of the scheme is too poorly concealed to de- ceive the observing. A. SMITH. Grandville, Mich. Wrongly Educated. THE German Emperor is credited with using these words in a recent speech :Š The people need not care for party squabbling and chattering;  I go my way, and that is the right way. We are in a state of transition and destined for great things. 111 conduct you into splendid times; and those who will not help me may as well shake German dust from their feet. I ask you to confide in me and help me. " That," comments the Catholic Review, is the land where compulsory education has been in force for more than a century, where every man and woman can read and write, and where very many thousandsŠmore thousands than there are hundreds in other landsŠhave taken degrees at the universities. And yet the sum and substance of all this is a system of government in which a com-paratively young man without much political ex-perience of the world other than that gained in the officers' quarters of a German military post, is able to tell the German people that they must confide in him, and follow him, or else quit their fatherland and go into exile. The trouble is not that the people of Germany are educated, but that they are educated upon wrong principles. The re-ligion in which they are instructed is State made and State taught. The result is a generation of practical infidels. The German Emperor should make men of his subjects by throwing them upon their own resources, instead of teaching them to look to the State for everything, includ-ing their religion, State made, and ready to be put on like a coat or a pair of gloves. Emulate Only Their Virtues. THE venerable Dr. Cuyler has this to say for the Puritans " In these degenerate days, when many a church member commences God's day by wading through twenty pages of politics and sporting news and scandals from the 'Satanic press,' and goes to church to grumble if a sermon is over twenty-five minutes, and if the quartette music is not up to op-era pitch, and then comes home to his big dinner and his sofa; in these days of self-indulgence and luxury, we are tempted to cry out, Oh, for a revival of the grand old spirit of the Puritans! With all its rigors, life to them was full of honest enjoy-ment. Their simple tastes were easily gratified. Their stern virtues were sweetened by domestic love. Their grace grew by hard toil and close com-panionship with God, and on the rugged, storm-swept hills of New England was produced the most significant manhood our country has ever seen." Certainly there was much to be admired in Puritan character, and it would be well if there were in the world to-day more of the sturdy Puritan spirit so far as a rec-ognition of personal obligation to God concerned; but spare us the Puritan dis-position to coerce others in matters of re-ligious faith and practice. The more re-ligion a man has for himself the better; but the less he attempts to compel others to have, the greater will the influence of his own be. Let us emulate the virtues but avoid the errors of the Puritans. ANARCHY is opposition to all law; not resistance to an unjust law. 