IC SENTIN "IF ANY MAN REAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE JIThI NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, MARCH 18, 1897. Vol,. 12, No. 11. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests Ł of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. ta'Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) ABOUT as near as anyone can come to divining the purpose,of "Lent," as related to Protestants, in the ab-sence of any authority on the subject, is to say that it constitutes a sort of "indulgence" for a life of doubtful piety during the rest of the year. It would be possible for Lent to be only this, even if it were a season instituted by the Lord; for God's insti-tutions often become perverted. And as it was not insti-tuted by the Lord, it is not possible that it should be anything but this. The real purpose of penance, in the heathen system of which it forms a part, is that of an indulgence, either to satisfy a past transgression, or to provide for a future one. It is a principle of human natureŠand human na-ture is strictly heathenŠthat an individual can in some way and to some extent, atone for his own transgres-sions. This principle crops out everywhere in an individ-ual's way, before he becomes a Christian, of dealing with himself and with others. His own bad deeds, or those of others, are offset in his view by the later "good" deeds of the respective parties. He thinks that he must do some-thing good in order to become good; and that he must first make himself good in this way to a certain extent, before he can come into touch with God. Having done what he considers a very good deed, by way of penance, his conscience will be eased until he again does something that he knows to be of a decidedly different character, or until he has continued for some time in the pathway of "small" transgressions. Then he feels that he must again do something to set himself straight. So it happens that the Lenten period of pen-ance supplies a want of human nature, coming as it does at intervals convenient for that purpose. Upon this question of the real nature and purpose of Lent, we may cite the testimony of the papal church. That church is the author of the observance, and being in no sense a divine ordinance, it has never been perverted from its original purpose. In a late issue of Cardinal Gibbons' organ, the Catholic Mirror, the following ob- servations are made by way of preparing the minds of "the faithful" for the occasion:Š " With this week begins the holy season of Lent, when according to the precept and immemorial custom of the church, we should, as far as possible, lay aside worldly thoughts, and especially worldly pleasures, and occupy ourselves with considerations which relate to our eternal salvation. This, indeed, we should do at all times; but more especially in Lent, when everything in the divine offices of our religion reminds us that the passion and death of our Lord are to be soon commemorated. "There is no person who cannot give up something for the sake of Almighty God, in LentŠall that is neces-sary is the will to do so. There are pleasures, of doubt-ful benefit to us spiritually at all times, which should now peremptorily be abandoned. There are the very ques-tionable amusements in which many indulgeŠthe play-going, the reading of light literature, and the various di-versions of society. During the penitential season, at least, these recreations should be utterly relinquished, and the discipline of the church should be complied with as rigorously as possible. Then it will not follow at the end that one, looking back with regret and self-reproach, will realize that the holy season for him or her has come and gone in vain." In brief, the idea here expressed is that during this season of penance, "worldly pleasures" "of doubtful benefit to uS spiritually at all times," "very questionable amuse-ments," etc., should be laid aside, and the individual should conduct himself in a strictly Christian manner. And what makes it a season of penance is the very fact that he feels obliged to conduct himself in this way_ For forty days a heathen must try to act like a Christian. And truly, if that be not a penance, we cannot think of anything that would be. Every individual who has tried the experiment knows how hard it is to try to act like a Christian before being one. 