344 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. r9oo, showed general receipts, $2,794.05, with lec-ture receipts $709.54; grand total, $3,503.59. The to-tal balance on hand was $285.03. Total number of unions, 174; total paid membership, 3,388, a gain of ninety-eight; twenty-three of the sixty-three counties show a gain in membership ; two counties lead with large gainsŠGrant county has added 87 members and Green county 'or ; thirteen new unions were organ-ized during the year. By a vote of the convention a telegram of greeting was sent to the convention of railroad engineers then in session in Milwaukee. When Mrs. Upham rose to read her annual ad-dress she was greeted with applause, at which she said good naturedly : "I know if you applaud now you won't when I have finished." Her report showed the WONDERFUL GROWTH OF THE ORGANIZATION during the last twenty-five years and that it was now one of the largest in the country and its work is known and felt everywhere. She advocated that the children be brought up in a proper manner and taught to lead pure Christian lives, abstaining from liquor and tobac-co and other bad habits. She stated that the supreme courts of several states had declared against the sale of cigarettes, and she also urged that anti-cigarette lit-erature be circulated among the schools. Mrs. I. W. Black of Racine, who is a branch secre-tary, made her report. This report showed that there have been added eight new unions of THE LOYAL TEMPERANCE LEGION. She divided the L. T. L. societies into three classes, the senior, junior and intermediate. Of the first, there are seventeen societies in the state; the second, thirty-four, and the third, nineteen. The enrolled members are 2,537, and the pledged members are in number 1,045. During the past year 575 diplomas have been issued. Mrs. Maria F. Hanchett of Madison made her re-port of the "Motor," which is the official organ of the W. C. T. U. of this state. ANOTHER MILE-STONE. The report of Mrs. L. A. Hodge of Waunakee, su-perintendent of evangelistic work, reported in part as follows : "Dear Sisters : Time has fled all too swiftly and we reach another-  mile-stone on our journey. Though we feel that the time has been redeemed, still we look forward to much more to be accomplished. Only two of our state evangelists have been in the field this year, Mrs. K. S. Lewis and Mrs. A. W. De Long." Mrs. K. V. Stevens, Lake Geneva, superintendent of SABBATH OBSERVANCE, made the following report : "Again the superin-tendent of this department for lack of material with which to build must present a meager report. Only ten local unions have sent any report. Five new local superintendents have been appointed dur-ing the year. Mrs. Masse, superintendent of what was formerly the tenth district, has done good work in circulating literature. Mrs. M. E. Smith, superin-tendent for Portage county, reports 1,80o pages of literature distributed and a number of sermons deliv-ered by pastors. No other county superintendents have reported. Owing to the lateness of the date for the annual prayer week we will be obliged to defer gathering reports from meetings held then, until we make up our report for the national convention. The following is a summary of what has been reported: Local superintendents, nineteen ; literature distrib-uted, 2,500 pages ; sermons preached, ten ; respon-sive exercises used in Sunday schools, 300. We trust that a much deeper interest has been taken in this department, and more work done by the unions than has been reported." Mrs. Cornelia M. Foster, Sparta, superintendent of Sunday school work, reported in part as follows : "Sun-day schools already organized have given us a field prepared for our seeding with temperance work, and this department has been very readily adopted in a very large number of unions, because it can be so easily done. Over four thousand pledge cards have been signed. Local superintendents have been very active and have made much of the temperance lessons each quarter; have held concerts with 'Temperance' as the keynote, secured temperance books for their libraries and distributed temperance leaflets and pa-pers." OTHER REPORTS. Space will not allow me to give even a brief report from the other superintendents, but will name their departments and give name and address. Mothers' Meetings and Child Culture Circles, Dr. A. J. Shaw, Eau Claire ; Prison, Jail and Almshouse, Mrs. Anna Russell, Milwaukee; Work Among Sol-diers and Sailors, Mrs. Frances Nau, Green Bay ; Work Among Lumbermen and Miners, Mrs. E. W. Shores, Ashland ; Scientific Temperance Instruction and Anti-Narcotics, Mrs. J. E. Kinmore, Baraboo ; Medal Contests, Mrs. Lizzie Axon, Lodi; Temperance Literature, Mrs. E. E. Prath, Evansville ; Influencing the Press, Mrs. Clara B. Fleth, Merrill; Work Among Foreign Speaking People, Mrs. 0. A. Breakey, La Crosse ; Non-Alcoholic Medication, Dr. R. Bird, Beav-er Dam; Schools of Method, Mrs. M. C. Upham, Marshfield; Parlor Meetings, Mrs. L. H. Uren, Hur-ley; Flower Mission, Miss Edith Nugent, Ashland; 