AMERICAN SENTINEL. 411 any parents or relatives, and if they were willing for her to go." "Why, yes; she had folks, and they tried their best to keep her at home, but she was bound to go,ŠI forgot to speak about that. When she-was only a little girl, the English came and drove all the native French people out of the little village where she lived with her parents, and ever since then she had an awful horror of the English. Of course when the people came back there was not any-thing left to speak of, of their pretty homes, only just ashes." "I wish Rob would please tell us something about her looks," pleaded Milly Brown. "Well," said Robert, good-naturedly, "I have read in something, somewhere, that she was 'tall and fine look-ing.' She wore men's clothes, though, and that would spoil any woman's looks, I think." -May be that was so she could ride her horse easier," remarked Julia March. "I think so ; but she did not appear to make a very favorable impression on the French general who had command of the French forces at Orleans. When he re-ceived word that the Maid, as she was called, was coming, and had promised to 'raise the siege of Orleans, and crown the French king, the Dauphin Charles, he said they would better 'box her ears and send her home." "That was not a very gallant reply for a French general to make," smiled Professor Carman. "No, not very; I presume the French were not so noted for their polite manners as they are now. The general soon saw the time when he repented his speech, for the brave girl did as she had said. She entered the city in triumph, though it is awfully queer that the Eng_ lish ever let her do it; but they did, and after very much coaxing from the Maid, the indolent Charles at last con-sented to go to Rheimes, and be crowned king. This city was also in English hands, and here again, strange to say, they opened the gate, and surrendered the keys to Charles. "After the king was crowned, this simple-hearted girl only asked to go back to her parents, and take care of her sheep. But the king did not let her do this, though I don't think he half appreciated what she had done for him and for France. At last, while in a battle, the Maid and a few soldiers found themselves surrounded by the English, who captured them." "Where was this battle fought, please?" asked Harry Ray. "I don't believe I can remember that. Will you please answer, professor ?" "This was the battle of Compiegne," replied the teacher. "Most of the French troops had already entered the city, when 'the drawbridge was raised,' and thus the poor girl was made an easy captive." "Count John, one of the Burgundians, which party, don't you remember, had joined the English so they might have greater vengeance on the Armagnacs, is the man into whose hands the maid fell. He sold her to the  EnglishŠthe Duke of Bedford, regent of France,Šfor 10,000 francs, in spite of his wife, who tried her best to prevent it." "How much would that be in our money?" asked Will Barnaby, pencil and note book in hand. "I think a single franc is nineteen cents in our money, so you can soon reckon it for yourself. "The English finally burned the poor maid alive, and a great shame it was, indeed." "Bravo!" said Professor Carman, as Rob took his seat. " We will study a little more about this strange maiden on next Tuesday afternoon." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STTJTTLE. An Opposition Kingdom. "MAMA, since our last talk about the subjects of Christ's kingdom, I have heard Mr. Metcalf talking about the millennium. He says that all the world is to be con-verted; but it seems to me he has some very strange theories about how it is to be done." "What were his theories?" asked Mrs. Ross. "Well, in the first place, he thinks that we will have a terrible time of trouble,Šwar among nations, socialistic revolution, famine and pestilence. But out of this state of things will evolve peace and righteousness on earth. He said that a taste of war now-a-days, would result in men seeking arbitration; that riots among the poor against the rich, would cause an equal distribution of property; that famine and pestilence would lead the state to legislate in harmony with God's laws; and that every-body would learn that he must do right. Then the mil-lennium would begin, and God's will be done on earth as it is in heaven. "Mr. Sawyer did not agree with him about the time of trouble coming, but said the world was growing betters kinder, and that in the course of time we would see the golden age. Neither of them think that Christ will come very soon. Mr. McAllister said that it was nonsense preach-ing so much; that what we needed was law to compel men to do right until they learned to like to do it. He Said this was the only scientific way to convert the world. He said that sensation had to be specialized along moral lines as well as along mental and physical, and that people had to 'learn righteousness' by right doing; and as they would not do right without law, that it was clear that law was the solution of the world's problem. He said he was glad that there were thousands of people waking up to the fact to-day, who were not theorists; but were going to see to it that religious reforms took the form of law, and that those who would not now do right, would soon be placed where they could not do wrong." "Righteousness on earth by law, has ever been the will-o'-the-wisp that the prince of this world has kept the world chasing after. It is not strange that just as the 