230 AMIE 1-ZI CA.1NT IENrrJfN11 L40 VoL. 10, No. 29. that I may teach the world that it is not the Sabbath? Where is my liberty to rest on the seventh day that I may teach the people that it is the Sabbath day? These liberties you take yourself, but you deny them to me. You are in the majority, I know, but were I the only man in this wide world that kept the Sabbath I would he entitled to equal protection in my faith. You can see that this Sunday statute is directly in op-position to every principle of the constitution of Mis-sissippi as well as that of the United States, and that it is therefore null and void. I might inform on my complainant who was doing his own business in hunting up a team to plow on Monday, when he saw me doing my own business dig-ging up sprouts. I might inform on all my good neighbors who do not deny that they often do work on Sunday that is not work of necessity or charity. Why, then, is it that I am here to-day for the first time in all my life that I was ever arraigned before an officer of the law to answer to any charge? Not be-cause I work on Sunday, but because I rest on the seventh dayŠbecause some one has become prejudiced on account of my religion and takes advantage of this unjust and unconstitutional statute to wreak his vengeance upon a doctrine because it does not happen to be in accordance with his preconceived ideas. This difficulty is not between me 'and the State. The contest is between the two laws. I am a servant of the Most High God. He gives me his law in his WordŠhe writes it in my heart (Jer. 31: 33), and I must-keep it. If he wants me to go to the lions' den or through the fiery furnace I would rather go than to remain here without him. My God does not need the civil law to sustain or defend his Sabbath or to keep his followers in the faith. He stood by his serv-ants in the past and he is the same to-day as he was then. All his servants in times past have had to meet persecution at the hand of the civil law. The Bap-tists, Methodists and the Quakers were once as objec-tionable in the eyes of the law as Seventh-day Advent-ists are to-day, but that time is past, and so will this time pass; but I forewarn you not to fight against God. I find, in studying my Bible, that God made the Sabbath when he made the world. He blessed it be-cause he rested upon it, and that blessing will stay upon it as long as the fact remains that he did rEst upon that day, and that will be a fact throughout eter-nity. I find that the Son of God kept this same Sab bath while he was on this earth, and was put to death on the issue of Sabbath-observance. I find that the disciples kept the same Sabbath, but through apostasy a change finally came. The first official recognition of this change occurred in 321 A. D., when Constantine,Ša heathen emperor, who was subsequently nominally converted to the Christian religion, and who thought to promote its cause by enacting civil laws in its favor,Šenacted his famous Sunday law. This was an important step in the development of the papacy,Ša" church clothed with civil power with which to punish heretics. We hold up our hands in holy horror when we read of the-awful work of this power, but if you will study the 12th and 13th chapters of Revelation you will see that a similar power was to arise in the last days and do a similar work. It was to be an image to the former beastŠthe church clothed with civil power and enforcing religion by law. We are in that time and you have an example of its working before you at this moment. The Sunday is a child of the papacy and stands upon the authority of the beast, and the power that enforces it in this country is called by the prophet " the image of the beast," and the warning angel sent out at this time cries out with a loud voice: " If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indig-nation ; and he shall be tormented with fire and brim-stone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb." I prefer to be fined twenty dollars and the costs or to remain in jail the remainder of my natural life rather than meet the wrath of God poured upon me without a trace of mercy in it. Therefore, your honor, I cannot observe Sunday, I cannot obey the image to the papacy, when it says worship the beast; nor can I receive his mark in my hand by refraining from labor on his dayŠSundayŠthe sign and seal of his author-ity. If I obey him I worship him, and his worship brings the curse of God. I therefore leave my case with you, not fearing to answer you in these things, for the God I serve is able to care for me; though my body should be torn asun- der and scattered to the four winds of the earth, I shall live again. But for your sake I entreat you to be careful of your judgment. " For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged; and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again." Mr. Nash was fined $10 and costs, but two attorneys, at the earnest solicitation of the people, urged the judge to reduce the fine, which he did; whereupon the remaining amount, with the costs, was paid by the people, and Mr. Nash released. THEY ARE PARTIAL IN THE ".LAW." A SIGNIFICANT fact in connection with the so-called enforcement of the Tennessee Sunday " law " is that, with but few exceptions, only observers of the seventh day are prosecuted. At the recent term of the Circuit Court in Rhea County, two men were tried for Sunday work who were not Adventists; but the ex-ceptionsŠif indeed these cases were excep-tionsŠonly prove the rule. One of the two referred to is a young man, the only support of his widowed mother who is an Adventist. The other, though not an Adventist, attended their meetings occasionally and was supposed to be favorable to the doctrines of the Ad-ventists. The prosecution was probably- a gentle 'hint to him that it would be the part of worldly wisdom at least for him to let Ad-ventism alone. Probably a score of railroad trains, both freight and passenger, thunder through both Graysville and Dayton every Sunday, " jar-ring the earth," as one gentleman in Dayton expressed it, and waking the echoes among the hills; but nobody is disturbed thereby. Sunday railroad trains are not a nuisance in Tennessee. The great furnaces of the Dayton Coal and Iron Company are operated every Sunday, employing hundreds of men. The chimneys belch forth their clouds of smoke that can be seen for miles, a black flag, as it were,-  flaunted in the face of the Tennessee Sunday "law; " but nobody is disturbed; the officers whose oaths bind(?) them to prosecute the Adventists, take no heed. They are blind to this patent violation of the " law." The switch engine used to draw away the huge caldrons of melted, seething slag from the furnaces, oper-ates every Sunday, frequently sounding its shrill whistle as though openly defying the so-called law and its minions; but nobody is disturbed; nobody is prosecuted. But it may be said that all this is "neces-sary" work. This is not true however. It is no more necessary than is any work done for profit. All work is necessary in order that men may live and grow rich; but the work referred to is not necessary in a legal sense. Moreover, much work is done at the furnace on Sunday that could be done just as well on some other day. The writer saw men repair-ing a furnace, laying brick, etc., on Sunday; but nobody was disturbed, and nobody was prosecuted. Such work in Tennessee is not a nuisance unless done by Adventists. Livery stables do business in Dayton on Sunday, and nobody is disturbed; nobody is prosecuted. Drugstores are kept open and sell anything called for, whether necessary or not Ł but no notice is taken of this violation of the " law " by the men who insist that it is their "sworn duty to enforce the law." Fruit growers pick, pack, and ship fruit on Sunday and are not indicted. The man prob-ably most prominent in the prosecution of the Adventists at the recent term of court in Rhea County, a member of the grand' jury that found the indictments and himself the prosecuting witness in at least one case, em-ployed a large force of pickers every Sunday during the strawberry season, paying extra wages upon that day in order to induce people to work for him. But nobody appeared to prosecute him. His work was not a nuisance. But an Adventist saws wood on Sunday, and that is a nuisance. Another, sets fence posts and that is so corrupting to public morals that nothing but a penalty of from $30. to $37.50, fine and costs, or ninety days in the county jail can atone for the offense. So tender is the public conscience when Sunday work is done by Adventists that one man is now in the Rhea County jail for the heinous offense  of taking a wheelbarrow from a wagon on Sunday and setting it over a fence into the yard of the owner, another Adventist. This was absolutely the only offense proved against this man, and for this he must remain in jail about seventy-five days! As in the cases of four months ago, it was shown that the work done by the Adventists was not of a character to annoy anybody ex-cept as they were annoyed by the mere knowl-edge that the work was done on the day that they have been taught to regard as the Sab-bath. In no case did it appear that there was any noise to distract the minds of the people from pious meditation or to- attract public at-tention. There was no screech of steam whistles, no "jarring of the earth" by the rush of ponderous wheels, no clouds of smoke to attract attention for miles, no sound of escaping steam to annoy the passerby, no soda fountain or cigar stand to attract loafers and induce the spending of money, no at-tractive livery rigs to tempt the pleasure seeker, no fancy wages offered to induce men who believed they ought to keep Sunday, to work on that day; nothing but quiet, orderly, private work. Yet notwithstanding this fact the "law " holds it to be a nuisance, and the courts declare that they must enforce the "law," and so the Adventists are in jail while the railroad men, the iron men, the livery-stable men and Sunday fruit pickers are all at lib-erty. And this is the policy which, according to Judge Parks, is to " compel respect for all law "! But we believe that down in his inmost soul the judge knows that such an administration of so-called law is only a trav-esty on justice and tends to bring all law into contempt. We believe that such a solemn mockery of justice is exceedingly distasteful to both Judge Parks and Attorney-General Fletcher. We are sure that they have no sympathy with such work and that they act their part in it only from a sense of " duty; " but we fear that such a-  plea will not avail them in the great and final Judgment. The martyrs of the, past all suffered under the forms of civil law; but were their prosecutors and judges not responsible ? Yea, verily, and they must meet the dark record before that tribunal in which every man " shall give ac-count of himself to God." CONSCIENCE AND THE STATE. [From, the' Dayton (Tenn.) Republican, June 21.] It is clear that government cannot become the judge of men's conscience; and that the plea of conscientious conviction cannot be accepted as a final and sufficient defense in all cases of violation of law. What rule, then, can be adopted which will preserve the au-thority of the State and yet not trench upon the rights of conscience ? The question thus raised is well answered by a clause in the constitution of the State of Maryland: " No person ought, by any law, to be molested in his person or estate on account of his religious practice, unless under color of religion, he shall disturb the good order, peace or safety of the State, or injure others in their natural, civil, or religious rights." In this the line is drawn just where it should be, namely, at the equal rights of others. Under this provision the courts are not called upon to judge any man's conscience, but only to judge whether or not his con-science leads him to infringe the equal rights of his fellow-men. That a man's conscience is just what he says it is, no man has either right or occasion to deny. A man's statement of his conscience is an end of controversy; but it does not follow that one has a right to do whatever his conscience tells him is right for 