S8 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ment of the United States, and had too much respect for the liberties of the people, to pursue a course that would "establish the despotism of an oligarchy." As certainly therefore as Abraham Lincoln, Thomas Jefferson, and Andrew Jackson, were right, so certainly Benjamin Harrison, Chauncey M. Depew, and Bourke Cochran, are Wrong. If, however, it, shall be insisted by anybody that Harrison, Depew, and Cochran, are right, then it will have to be claimed that Lincoln, Jefferson, and Jackson, were wrong: and in that case a new set of principles will have to be recognized, which will develop shortly a different order of government from that estab-lished by the fathers and maintained by LincolnŠan order of government that will not be "of the people, by the people, and for the people." 'Were Lincoln alive he might well exclaim again: "Free men, everywhere; judge ye between them and me upon this issue." 0 0- 40 Additional Authorities. There are yet other important authorities that are worth recalling in this connection, in order that the reader may have as nearly as possible a complete presen-tation of this important subjectŠespecially in view of the fact that some of the most prominent men in the country seem to have forgotten it all. First, there is the authority of one of the makers of the ConstitutionŠJohn DickinsonŠin a pamphlet of 1788, on "The Federal Constitution." He said: "It must be granted that a bad administration may take place. What is then to be done?ŠThe answer is in-stantly found : Let the Fasces be lowered beforeŠthe supreme sovereignty of the people. It is their duty to watch, and their right to take care, that the Consti-tution be preserved, or, in the Roman phrase on per-ilous occasionsŠto provide that the Republic receive no damage." "When one part [of the Government], without being sufficiently checked by the rest, abuses its power to, the manifest danger of public happiness; or when the several parts abuse their respective powers so as ,to involve the commonwealth in the like peril; the people must restore things to that order from which their functionaries have departed. If the people suffer this living principle of watchfiriness and control to beextinguished amongthem, they will assuredly not long afterwards, experience that of their ' temple "there shall not be left one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown doWn.' " Further, we have the authority of George Bancroft, the historian of the Constitution. In his work, "The History of the Formation of the Constitution," discuss-ing the "Federal Judiciary," he makes the follo wing state-ment concerning the Supreme Court, which is also but an extension of the principles laid down by Alexander Ham-ilton in his discussion of the Judiciary in the Federalist, No. LXX VIII:-- "The Supreme Court was to be the ' bulwark of a lim- ited constitution against legislative,. encroachments.' ["Federalist," LXXVIII.] A bench of a few, selected with care by the President and Senate of the nation, seemed a safer tribunal than a multitudinous assembly elected for a short period under the sway of passing currents of thought, or the intrepid fixedness of'an uncompromising party. There always remains danger of erroneous judg-ments, arising from mistakes, imperfect investigation, the bias of previous connections, the seductions of ambi-tion, or the instigations of surrounding opinions, and a court from which there is no appeal is apt to forget cir-, cumspection in its sense of security. "The passage of a judge from the bar to the bench does not necessarily divest him of prejudices, nor chill his relations to the particular political party to which he may owe his advancement, nor blot out of his memory the great interests which he may have professionally pi-loted through doubtful straits, nor quiet the ambition which he is not required to renounce, even though his appointment is for life, nor'cure predelictions which some-times have their seat in his inmost nature. "But the Constitution retains the means of protect-ing itself against the errors of partial or interested judg-ments. in the first place, the force of a judicial opinion of the Supreme Court, in so far as it is irreversible, reaches only the particular ease in dispute; and to this society submits, in order to escape from anarchy in the daily-routine of business. "To the decison on an underlying question of consti-tutional law no such finality attaches. To endure, it must be right. If it is right, it will approve itself to the universal sense of the impartial. A judge who can justly lay claim to integrity will never lay claim to infallibility, but with indefatigable research will add, retract, and cor-rect, whenever more mature *consideration shows the need of it. The court is itself inferior and subordinate to the Constitution; it has only a delegated authority, and every opinion contrary to the tenor of its commission is void, except as settling the case on trial. "The prior act of a superior must be preferred to the-" subsequent act of an inferior, otherwise it might trans-form the limited into an unlimited constitution. When laws clash, the latest law is rightly held to express the corrected will of the Legislature; but the Constitution is tI4e fundamental code, the law of laws; and where there'  is a conflict between the Constitution and a decision of the court, the original permanent act of the superior outweighs the later act of the inferior, and retains its own supreme energy unaltered and unalterable except in the mariner prescribed by the Constitution itself. "To say that a court, having once discovered an error, should yet cling to it because it has once been de-livered as. its opinion, is to invest caprice with inviolabil-ity and make a wrong judgment of a servant outweigh the Constitution to which he has sworn obedience. An act of the Legislature at variance with the Constitution' is pronounced void; an opinion of the Supreme Court at va-riance with the Constitution is equally so.' This' passage is worthy of more extended notice. (a) "The Supreme Court was to be the' bulwark against legislative encroachments" upon the rights of the people. This was the purpose of the founders of that tribunal. But did the people erect na bulwark against 