516 AMERICAN SENTINEL. other column. When the United States is spoken of as ‚`this free Government," the speaker probably has in mind the theory of popular government, with the princi-ples of liberty which it incorporates. In practice, there is very little room for the exercise of individual choice in the filling of public offices and the enactment of State and national laws. The choice in such matters lies with the political "boss" and his henchmen who control the party, and the man of wealth whose gold can support a cam-paign and purchase legislation. So that, however the pious citizen may aim to cast his vote for the glory of God, he finds himself obliged in reality to follow the lead of some politician to whom very likely the words of Scripture would apply that "God is not in all his thoughts." In theory, the Government is "of the people, by the people, and for the people"; in practice, as seen to-day, it is "of the people" but not by or for them. This is not the fault of the theory; it does not argue any lack of wisdom on the part of those who made this an independent Government. It is only the natural selfish-ness of the unregenerate heart manifesting itself in popu-larŁ government, through the opportunities which pres-ent-day conditions have put within its reach. Selfishness seems to have quite as full opportunity given it to do its baneful work under a popular government, as it has milder a monarchy. Persecution in Austria. IN Austria, one of the most religious countries of Europe, it appears that an individual who acquires the idea that it would be wrong for him to violate the divine command, "Thou shalt not kill," at the order of the gov-ernment, and acts upon his conviction, is looked upon as exhibiting all the symptoms of lunacy. So we may con-clude from the following, published in the Independent (N. Y.), of August 12:Š "Dr. Bela Skarvan was a Hungarian army physician on the staff of a military hospital. Six weeks before his time of service expired he informed his superiors by writ-ing that, as he was an adherent of Count Tolstoi, he could no longer be a member of any military organiza-tion, and declined to serve any longer. At first the med-ical staff thought they had to do with a lunatic; but find-ing Dr. Skarvan firm in his convictions, his arrest was ordered and inquiries instituted as to what had best be done. He was examined before the military authorities and remained inflexible, and then, after some more weeks in jail, sentence was pronounced on him. For entertain-ing revolutionary ideas he was to be deprived of his rank and condemned to three months' hard labor in jail.. Fur-ther, the University of Innsbruck, from which he had re-ceived his doctor's diploma, was requested to take his name off its books; and in order that his utter ruin might be secured, an order was issued prohibiting him from practicing as a physician in any part of the Austro-Hun-garian dominions." Very likely Dr. Skarvan was deemed guilty of a treas-onable lack of "Christian patriotism." The Kingdom of God Not of This World. BY A. SMITH. ANY man in the world has a natural right to remove from the land of his nativity to any other country, and, by prescribed-  formula, to change his citizenship if he chooses to do so. Moreover, he has a right to return to his native country, as a citizen of his adopted country under its protection, as a foreigner in his native land. To advocate this principle in a legitimate way is not in any sense anarchistic or treasonable. The kingdom of God is as real and tangible as any earthly government, but more completely perfect. This kingdom is also called the "kingdom of heaven," Matt. 13:21; the "commonwealth'of Israel," Eph. 2:12; and a "holy nation," 1 Peter 2:9. Of this nation, any one may become a.  citizen by adoption through, faith in Jesus Christ, the king. All such are called citizens. See Eph. 2:19 and Phil. 3:20, Revised Version. All others are called aliens, strangers, foreigners, etc. See Eph. 2:11,12,19. In becoming a citizen of the kingdom of heaven one thereby ceases to be a citizen of any nation of this world; and all that he is, and all that he has on earth, is trans-ferred to the nation of his adoption. He cannot exercise any earthly franchise or engage in political discussions disconnected from the interests of the kingdom and glory of God without the loss of spirituality, and the disfavor of his heavenly King. For obvious reasons, the land of one's nativity seems dearer than any other in the world; yet, to the child Of God, all earthly countries become the same, though dif-fering in natural aspects and political environments; he being a stranger and foreigner on earth wherever he may go. It is the duty of the citizen of the kingdom of God to lead a quiet and peaceable life wherever his lot on earth may be cast, to observe the laws and usages of the re-spective governments,, even though oppressive, so long as to do so will not violate the principles of the govern-ment of God. A citizen of the kingdom of heaven need not go from nation to nation on any mission or duty without the protection of his King. Of God's ancient people, it is written, " When they went from one nation to another, from one kingdom to another people; He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, hereproved kingsfor their sakes." Ps. 105:13,14. Earthly governments are usually represented in the Bible by wild beasts. All beasts are proper creatures of God, useful and beautiful in their sphere. But a beast cannot be a Christian in the likeness of God; no more can any nation which God symbolizes by a beast. The Gov-ernment of the United States is represented by a two-horned beast. See Rev. 13:11. Jesus said, "My kingdom is not of this world." John 18:36. Again, to his people, "Ye are not of the 