Equal and exact justice to all meg, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, MARCH 20, 1890. NUMBER 12. The 11nel/inn Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. No, 48 NOM) ST., New Yonx, UDITORS, E. J. WAGIOONttt, ALONZO T. JONES. TH 'German emperor has no small idea of hiS position. Nothing but his own ex-position of Scripture will express it to his satiSfaction: As thus set forth it is de- scribed as follows :Š I see' in the people and the land intrusted to me by God, a talent which, as the Bible says, it is my duty to increase. I mean with all my strength to so trade with my talent that I will be enabled to add map.y another thereto. Those who help me I heartily welcome; those who oppose me I dash to pieces He is not the only one who holds such a view of the " talent " of government and governing. It is common ,to those who hold that governmental authority is of divine .right. - National Reformers and the American Sabbath Union in this country hold it in common with the Ger-man emperor and the Papacy in Europe. The Kangaroo Kapgaroo and Other Stories. IN our report of the Washington City Sunday-la* Convention a few weeks ago, we mentioned the reference of Rev. James Stacy, D. D., of Newman, Georgia, to the kangaroo. We could not, however, give the exact words. We have them now. ItiS address was written when it was delivered in the Convention, and it has since been printed in the Christian States-man of February 20 and 27. In that of the 20th- is: the zoological specimen, in thes words :Š The infidel cry, " Down with -the Sabbath," like the bounding :kangaroo springing from his lair, has fastened .,itself upon an unsuspecting people, and with Iniyieldipg pertinacity and without any evi-dence of satiety contillueS40 qraw its life blood. That the reader may see how perfectly exact is Mr. Stacy's figure we quote The kangaroos are all vegetable feeders, browsing on grass and various kinds of herbage, the smaller species also eating roots. They are naturally timid, inoffensive creatures, but the larger ones when hard pressed will turn and defend themselves.ŠEncyclopedia Britannica. The Sunday-law folks are as badly mixed in their zoology as they are in their Sabbath theology. And their characterization of the "infidel cry, ,gown with the Sabbath," is just as wide of the mark as is their zo-ological idea of the kangaroo. No better description was ever given of the nature of the opposition to Sunday legislation than is given in the above true statement of the disposition of the kangaroo. Yes, sir, the kangaroo is an innocent creature if you let him alone, and so are we. That Revolutionary Resolution. THERE is a point in that religious amend-ment to the Constitution that has not been made as much of as it ought to be. The title of the proposition is this Joint resolution proposing, an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, respecting estab-lishments of religion and free public schools. Now set that alongside of this clause of the Constitution as it is, and consider them together. Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion. If the purpose of this proposed Amend-ment is not to annul that clause of the Constitution as it is, and so open the way for a national establishment of religion, then what can possibly be the purpose of it? This being, logically, the purpose of the resolution as defined in the title, a further question is, Does the body of the resolution bear out the logic of the title ? Let us see. Section 2 says :Š Each State in this Union shall establish and main-tain a system,  of free public schools adequate for the education of all the children living therein, be-tween the ages of six and sixteen years, inclusive, in the common branches of learning, in virtue and morality, and in knowledge' of the fundamental and non-sectarian principles of Christianity. And section 3 says:Š The United States shall guarantee to every State and to the people of every State, and of the United  States, the support and maintenance of such a system of free public schools as is herein provided. The analysis of these sections is this :Š A system shall be established which shall embody " the principles of Chris-tianity." The United States shall guarantee the maintenance of such a system. Therefore this resolution does propose that the United States Government shall maintain an establishment of Christianity. Now Christianity is the expression and embodiment of a religion. This resolution proposes to pledge the United States Government to the mainte-nance of an establishment of Christianity. Therefore this resolution does propose to pledge the United States Government to the maintenance of an establishment of religion. Again: Section 4 of the resolution says :ŠCongress shall enforce this article by appropriate legislation when necessary. As the preceding sections of the article provide for and guarantee an establish-ment of religion -- of Christianity ; and as this section provides that Congress shall enforce the article by appropriate legis-lation; therefore the resolution does pro-vide that Congress shall make laws re-specting an establishment of religion. The analysis of the whole resolution, therefore, is this :Š It proposes that the United States Gov-ernment shall establish a religion; and that Congress shall make laws respecting that establishment of religion. But the Constitution as it is says, " Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion." Therefore, both in its title and its pro-visions the Blair resolution to amend the Constitution of the United States is dis-tinctly a proposition to annul that clause of the Constitution as it is which forbids an establishment of religion. That clause of the Constitution is, and was intended to be, the declaration of one of the fundamental and distinctive princi-ples of our form of government. The Blair resolution being a proposition 