152 .A.MDETE,I CAIN- VOL. 9. No. 19. NEW YORK, MAY 10, 1894. 0'.  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE resumption of the articles on Ro-man Catholicism, which have been dis-continued for a time that those who desired them might send their orders for those issues, may be expected soon. Those who wish to have this valuable series of articles should send in their orders now, immediately. THE Union Signal, of April 26, saysŠ The saloon men of Minneapolis have joined the ranks of the most radical supporters of Sabbath observance. Because they are compelled to close their own places of business on Sunday, they declare that theaters and other places of amusement shall do likewise. They would even stop the street cars if that were possible. On the principle of "set a thief to catch a thief," it is possible they may have better success than the re-formers they are trying to retaliate upon. Let the good work go on. So this is the Union Signal's definition of a " good work "! AMONG the suggestive signs of the hour is the appearance of a strange infatuation, of which the European dispatches make this mention :Š The recent sacrilegious thefts in Paris, including that at Notre Dame the other day, have been traced to the sect known as Luciferians, or worshipers of the devil. Their headquarters are near Fribourg, Switz-erland, but a large branch live in Paris. They have a liturgy which is a parody of the mass. The conse-crated elements are either stolen from churches or received in communion by female adherents. A ser-vice of profanation then takes place, which is known as black mass. Mgr. Faya, Bishop of Grenoble, has issued a circular to the clergy, ordering special vigil-ance, as the Luciferians abstract the hosts from vil-lage churches in lonely districts without stealing the ciboriums and monstrances in which the sacrament is contained. At the Ministry of Public Worship the subject has been discussed, and instructions have been given to the Prefect of Police to increase his surveil-lance of the churches of Paris. Religious delusion and fanaticism is in-creasing on every hand. The leaders of the so-called " Army of the Commonweal," in this country, are making pretensions to supernatural possession, and claiming to be reincarnations, under such circum-stances that no man can forecast what may be the result, or what moment the utter unreason of devil-born religious mania may not seize them and their fol-lowers. This item comes, most remarEaory, from the Mail and Express, unless per-haps it may be that it is in earnest :Š HOW BROWNE MIGHT BE PUNISHED, The Mail and Express Bureau, Washington, D. C., May 2. Chief Clerk McKinney, of the United States Su- preme Court, this afternoon unearthed ode of the old Blue Laws of Maryland, which is still in force in the District of Columbia, under which Carl Browne can be punished for his blasphemous pretensions of being the reincarnation of Christ. The law provides that for the first offense the of-fender shall have his tongue bored through and pay a fine of £20, or suffer six months' imprisonment. For the second offense he shall be branded on the forehead with the letter B and pay £40 or suffer imprisonment for one year. For the third offense he shall suffer death without the benefit of the clergy. In 1887 Mr. Phelps, then acting United States at-torney general, gave an opinion that this law was still in force, and there has been no repealing enactment since. In the last issue of the SENTINEL, ex-tracts from this law were reprinted in the article entitled " Breckinridge Š Morse Sunday Bill." It will be noticed there that a member of the House Committee on the District of Columbia declared that six years previous a man had been tried under that law in the District. There is the law then, and precedent is not wanting for the application of at least a portion of it. THE National Baptist, at the close of an article on the " Christian Amendment " to the Constitution, expresses itself in this language:Š We have seen Christianity make its way in spite of obstacles and menaces and persecutions; now we are afraid that it cannot continue to exist without a great deal of legal help. Christianity has asserted itself against the dominion of Nero, of Louis XIV., of the Inquisition. It will still conquer, and it will not allow itself to be indebted to the legal power for the triumphs which it will win. Part of the last sentence of this is es-pecially worthy of notice and of remem-brance,Š" It will not allow itself to be indebted to the legal power for the tri-umphs which it will win." This is truth, The fact that it is so, even if there were no other reason to offer, would make all attempts by the civil law to enforce, sup-port, or promote religion, utterly futile, and therefore entirely uncalled for. IN its issue of November 23, 1893, this was said in the SENTINEL There :Š There are no more worlds to conquer. For genera- tions the hives of Central Asia and Central Europe had swarmed and swept on to the westward. The Atlantic met them. They bridged it with ships. A new world was found. That too is. occupied. They go to and fro but find no more worlds to conquer. As these advancing human tides turned back upon themselves when they first came to the impassable sea, so now, as they meet the Pacific boundaries of emi-gration and encounter the reverse current from the Orient, they turn again. There is no new world be-yond. Neither is there any possibility of stemming the flood, either from the east or the west. Here the conflict will be. It is the showing of history that at com-paratively regular periods, as the genera-tions have reached their majority, vast and seemingly inexplicable movements of human hordes have been organized and have never rested in their aimless march, until dissipated by destruction or by being swallowed up in new and unoccupied lands or absorbed by alien peoples. The present march of the "Army of the Commonweal" may well be another of these great world movements, but if it be the beginnings of  such it will prove of greater moment than the devastating incursion of the Huns across the then known world, or of the return march of the crusaders. Present social conditions do not so readily admit of a final advantageous outcome of such things, as then. The commonwealers will find no new worlds to conquer. It is be-yond their power to renovate the old. What will be the result ? THE Rev. Joshua Stansfield, of Port Huron, Mich., has discussed in his pulpit the question of " State Religions and the Public Schools." The Daily Times, of Port Huron, publishes his address. He summarizes his charges against Roman Catholicism thus :Š And now to sum up. We charge in a word against this foreign system:- 1. That the supreme sovereignty of the pope is obstinately opposed to the sovereignty of the people. 2. That as a supreme pontiff in both spiritual and temporal things, the pope demands the allegiance of every Roman Catholic to him, instead of to the laws and Constitution of the land. 3. We see that all Romanists who seek citizenship in this country do not cease allegiance to that foreign potentate at Rome, although they swear to do so in order to receive the rights and benefits of American citizenship. 4. Roinanism teaches and practices religious intol-erance instead of religious liberty, which the Constitu-tion of our country so clearly calls for. 5. The Romish Church is stoutly opposed to the freedom of speech and of the press, claiming a divine right of censorship of all ideas in both speech and letters. 6. We find from her own utterances that the papal church is unanimously in favor of the union of Church and State, whereas our Constitution demands entire separation. 7. The Romish Church is determinedly opposed to our public school system, and her avowed purpose is to break it down. Rev. Mr. Stansfield is a Methodist, and of late years the Methodists have been particularly prominent in this country in the enforcement and attempted enforce-ment of religious laws, by which they have taught and practised " religious intolerance instead of religious liberty, which the Constitution of our country so clearly calls for." Again; the Methodist Church expressed itself unanimously in favor of the action of Congress to close the World's Fair on Sunday, and Justice Brewer's decision that " this is a Christian nation,"Šwhich things virtually created a union of Church and State in this coun-try; therefore, the Methodist Church is " unanimously in favor of a union of Church and State, whereas our Constitu-tion demands entire separation." There is evidently room for Rev. Joshua Stans-field to turn his guns upon the Methodist Church as well as the Roman Catholic. Will he do so ? If he should not, what will it prove ? AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " - 80c  100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c 250 to 499 " " "" 500 to 999 44  70c - - 65c 1000 or more " " " " - To foreign countries in Postal Union, - -shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 44 44 Ai 