618 AMERICAN SENTINEL.. case came before the postmaster-general, the latter or-dered him to be reinstated, which was accordingly done. The reply from the department at Washington to the Huntsville postmaster stated that the government re-spected the religious conscience of its employe's. For Eating Meat on Friday. IN these days we are prepared for the announcement of almost anything in the line of ausurpation of religious authority by the civil power, but our expectations are quite exceeded by the following press dispatch, taken from the St. Louis (Mo.) Chronicle:Š "TROY, N. Y., Sept. 25.ŠPolice Magistrate Donohue considerably surprised the loungers about the police court yesterday morning when he sent John Burns, a Catholic, to"jail, for attempting to eat meat on Friday. "Early that morning Burns went into a restaurant on Ferry Street and ordered beefsteak. Burns got into an altercation with a colored waiter, named Johnson, and both were arrested. "'Burns,' said the magistrate sharply, ' what church do you go to?' " 'This ain't the place to talk religion,' replied Burns. "`Never mindsabout that. What church do you go to ? ' " 'Well, I go to St. Francis.' "Thought so, Burns; I'll send you to jail for eating meet on Friday. Johnson, you are discharged.' "Burns willŁ have to stay in the county jail until next Tuesday, because he attempted to eat meat on Friday." After all, a law to compel a person to abstain from meat on Friday would be no more religious than is a law to compel him to abstain from work on Sunday. Sunday and the -Trans-Mississippi Exposition. THE Ministerial Union of Omaha, Neb., are deter-mined if possible to prevent Sunday opening of the gates of the Trans-Mississippi 'exposition, soon to be held in that city. Immediately upon reassembling after their vacation, they met in Koutze church, Omaha, to the number of twenty-three,,and took the following steps to prevent people who cannot take summer vacations from enjoying the exposition sights on the one day of the week when they can be away from their work:Š "FirstŠThat this union petitions the board of direct-ors of the Trans-Mississippi exposition to close the gates of the'exposition on the Lord's day, as was done at the recent exposition at Atlanta and at Nashville. "SecondŠWe recommend that the union take action calling the attention of the various ecclesiastical bodies and other religious conventions of the States and Terri-tories interested in the Trans-Mississippi exposition, to the matter of closing the gates of the exposition, and re-questing them to petition the board of directors of the exposition to close on that day. "That the secretary of our union communicate this petition to the board of directors of the exposition." Enforcing Sunday Laws. "Sabbath Recorder," September 20. ON the last Sunday in August the village of Quogue, L. I., was the scene of one of the many cases in which personal spite uses the Sunday laws in a way which dis-graces both law and justice. A private citizen, Edwards, and a game constable, Jackson, arrested three men and a boy for shooting snipe, in the early morning, on a sand beach "across Shinnecock Bay." No magistrate could be found to try the case until a late hour. The outcome of the day's work is told by the Evening Sun (New York), in these words:Š "Hungry, tired, and angry, the party drove into Southampton at 5:30 o'clock in the evening. For nine long hours they had been carried about the country and represented to every passer-by as felons of the worst stamp. Squire Howell, of Southampton, before whom they were taken, was asked to entertain a charge of vio-lating the game law against them. " 'What were they shooting ? ' he asked. " 'Snipe,' Edwards replied. " 'There's no law now against shooting snipe,' replied the court. "Edwards received the news like a death blow. Had all his trouble, all his show, been for nothing? But he bethought himself of the law against shooting on Sun-day, and lodged that complaint. The squire entertained it and held the prisoners in $25 bail each for examination on Saturday." Such occurrences as this destroy respect for law, and prejudice the public mind againsit the church and Chris-tianity as few other things could do. . . . Similar follies frequently appear wherever efforts are made to "promote the moral and religious interests of the community" by enforcing Sunday laws. Under the new law in Connecticut, the Providence Bulletin reports the arrest of a man "for buying a pound of crackers on Sunday," though to the averagemind this does not seem to have been a very grave offense. The idea of exempt-ing "works of necessity and mercy" in the ordinary Sun-day law is another point in which that which was at first a purely religious provision is made to serve all sorts of purposes, or none at all, according to the notions of magistrates. Of this provision in the Connecticut law the Bulletin referred to above says:Š "Who is to decide what constitutes a work of mercy? It would be a mercy for some men to let a skilful barber shave them on Sunday, but the Connecticut authorities are pretty generally agreed that the barber 'shops must be closed at twelve midnight on Saturday, and so the more hirsute citizen, for whom a Saturday-night shave is not sufficient, is compelled to hack himself in his crude en-deavors to get the beard off his face on Sunday morning. Who can say how much more profanity there has been on the first day of the week in Connecticut since this law went into effect than there was before?" 