AMERICAN SENTINEL. 493 ,TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bans Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AM S  I-44N TIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year - $1.00. 44 Six months - .50. Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to the FOREIGN MIS-SION BOARD, 150 Nassau Street, New York. "The Children LoVe that Book," IS WHAT A CAREFUL MOTHER SAID ABOUT Desire of Ages. WHAT! Is it possible that a book with nearly 900 pages, full of the story of the sayings and doings of Jesus while here on the earth, can be of that simple char-acter as to be interesting to children from six to twelve years old, and at the same time contain such wonderful revelations of divine truth as to inspire in men and women of deep Christian experience a love for the book surpassed by none except that for the Bible itself? Yes; this is true as many can testify. The mechanical construction of the book is an achievement of rare merit. More than 300 excellent pic-tures illustrating as many salient points, and trite say-ings of the Master, embellish the work. It is bound in four styles, at prices ranging from $3.50 to $7.00. For further information address the publishers. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK, IMPORTANT TRACTS. Elihu on the Sabbath. B. S. L., No. 42. A brief but clear and forcible setting forth of the Bible argu-ment on the Sabbath question. $1.00 per 100. Which Day Do You Keep and Why? B. S. L., No. 48. By G. W. Amadon. A clear, pithy tract, good for busy people. It gives God's answers to man's excuses for not obeying Him. 50 cents per 100. From Sabbath' to Sunday. B. S. L., No. 95. Among other important testimony concerning the Sabbath question, this tract contains "Father" En-right's $1,000 challenge for Bible proof of the sacred-ness of Sunday. It is unanswerable. 50 cents per 100. Who Changed the Sabbath? B. S. L., No. 107. This is one of the best numbers of the Library, and has been thoroughly revised. It contains the testi-mony of Protestant and Roman Catholic authorities bearing on this great subject, which is now agitating so many minds. The plain testimony of the Script-ures and history is also clearly presented in answer to this important question. $1,50 per 100. The Identical Seventh Day. B. S. L., No. 114. There-are three common objections brought against the Bible Sabbath: (1) The round world; (2) lost time; (3) the seventh part of time. These objections are candidly considered and clearly answered in this little tract of sixteen pages. $1.00 per 100. New Testament Sabbath. B. S. L., No. 137. The different texts in the New Testament referring to the first day of the week, and thought by many to prove its sacredness, are all examined carefully. "The New Testament Example for the Seventh Day;" "Which Day is the Seventh or Sabbath?" and "The Word Sabbath in the New Testament," all receive consideration. It is fully illustrated, and contains sixteen pages. $1.00 per 100. Rome's Arraignment of Sabbath-breakers. B. S. L., No. 150. By "Father" O'Keefe, editor Catholic Mirror, of Baltimore, in reply to seven ser-mons from as many ministers of that city, demand-ing stricter Sunday observance. $1.00 per 100. The Three Sabbaths. A. G. L., No. 58. The Lord's Sabbath, The Jewish Sabbath, The Papal Sabbath. Though the subject is a familiar one, the treatment of it is remarkably terse and refreshing. You will enjoy reading it, and will receive an inspira-tion therefrom. 50 cents per 100. Historical Facts and Incidents. A. G. L., No. 45. Relative to the Sunday and the Sabbath, illus-trated with photo reproductions from books pub-lished in 1635 and 1636. A history of the Sabbath in a nutshell. $2.00 per 100. Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. 