256 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 32 NEW YORK, AUGUST 18, 1892. Nara.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some ifriend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered 'the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE domain of religion which Congress has invaded it will dominate. The juris-diction over religious observance which it has assumed it will keep. Separation of Church and State in this Government is a thing of the past. Š0Š " A QUEER thing," says the Christian at Work, " was done by the House. It adopted the Senate's amendment closing the Columbian Fair on Sunday and then rejected the appropriation of $5,000,000." Yes, that was a queer thing; a very queer thing. The House went a long ways to show its devotion to Sunday, the distinc-tive badge of the power of the Papacy. The time long wince foretold by a leading National Reformer has come, and politi-cians are fairly tumbling over one another in their laSte to secure front seats in the movement that only a few years ago was the butt of their ridicule. The inevitable re-sult of any union of Church and State is arrant hypocrisy, and the present move-ment for a closed Fair proves it. Š0Š THE freedom and equality enjoyed un-der even the most liberal Sunday laws was well illustrated some years since in New York. The penal code of that State provides thatŠ It is a sufficient defense to a prosecution for serv-ile labor on the first day of the week, that the de-fendant uniformly keeps another day of the week as holy time, and does not labor on that day; and that the labor complained of was done in such a manner as not to disturb other persons in observ-ing the first day of the week as holy time. Certain Jews annoyed by repeated ar-rests obtained a temporary injunction re-straining the police from arresting them. The injunction was however dissolved on the ground the law does not presume that a man found violating the law has a defense until he makes one. Thus in New York, under a Sunday law containing an exemp-tion clause, observers of the seventh day, though they can not be fined, may be arrested and dragged into the police courts and compelled to make a defense as often as they are found working on Sun-day. Š0-- AND not only does the inequality exist, but prominent religious papers defend it. The New York Independent says that if the Sunday lawŠ is not equally well fitted to the Jews, as it is not,  who form but a mere fragment of the people, this is an inconvenience to them which they must bear, and which the law can not remove without impos-ing a much greater inconvenience upon a far larger number of persons. And the Christian (?) tenderness engen-dered by Sunday laws is thus exhibited by the Independent, which, in conclusion, re-marks that, " if they, [the observers of the seventh day] do not like it [the inconveni-ence of repeated arrests], we see no rem-edy for them except withdrawal from the community." Or, in the words of an emi-nent National Reformer, "If they don't like it they can go to some wild desolate land and in the name of the devil and for the sake of the devil set up a government of their own, and if they can stand it, stay there till they die." Such is the Christian (?) spirit of the whole National Reform Sunday law Church and State scheme. Š0Š THE four imprisoned Adventists in the Henry Co. Jail, at Paris, Tenn., found themselves in the charge of a just jailer. The sheriff who was responsible for their safe keeping realized that they were not criminals, and consequently granted them, while in confinement, such privileges as lay within his power. When three of them were sent on the road to work, with other inmates of the prison, the sheriff did not permit them to be chained with the gang, neither did he permit any at-tempted compulsion as to labor on the Sab-bath. That they did not suffer all the indigni-ties and discomforts of the ordinary crim-inal; that, they were not chained together with the gang in work on the public road; that there was no attempt to compel them, by flogging or starving, to work on the Sabbath, was because of the humanity and individual sense of right and justice of the sheriff of Henry County. It is worthy to be noted that this man used his discretion on the side of justice, but it is also well to remember that another sheriff may feel that he does God service by en-forcing his full authority over those who are his prisoners for conscience' sake. Š0Š AN official representative of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, who has spent much of his time in Washington during the last session of Congress, and was present at the final vote in which the congressional appropriation for the World's Fair was conditioned on Sunday closing, has lately said, in a public meeting, that he has learned that " we hold the United States Senate in our hands." The people, then, do not rule in this country. The Congress which they have elected is held in the hands of a religious minority. However, the American Sab-bath Union and its compeers would no doubt say,ŠThe people do rule in this country, but we are the people.ŠThat is not so. They are not the people. They are not only a small minority but a reli- gious faction at that. They owe their in-fluence to their aggressiveness. Congress and the country is in their hands to the same degree, and for similar reasons, that organized minorities of laboring men are to-day terrorizing the masses who desire labor and its wages but who fear to apply for it because of the bludgeon and the boycott of amalgamated associations. The same principle of violence actuates in both cases. It is time to know this, and to say it. Š0Š ON Tuesday, July 26, the House passed Senate: bill 267, which had previously passed the Senate, containing the police laws and ordinances of the District of Columbia. This is now the law of the District. Section 5 reads:Š That it shall not be lawful for any person or per-sons to curse, swear, or make use of any profane language . . . in any street, avenue, public space, squat e, road or highway, or at any railroad depot or steamboat landing within the District of Columbia, or at any place wherefrom the same may be heard, in any such street, avenue, alley, public square, road, highway, or in any such depot, railroad cars, or on board any steamboat, under a penalty of not exceeding po for each and every such offense. Congress has decided that Sunday is the Sabbath, but there has been as yet no congressional definition of profanity and still Congress affixes to it a penalty of twenty dollars. Of course such action as this is perfectly consistent after legislat-ing for Sunday observance, but in the first case it was decided that a failure to observe Sunday was Sabbath breaking. Will Congress now define profanity and blasphemy ? Jenness Miller Illustrated Monthly for August published by Jenness Miller Co., 114 Fifth Avenue, New York, contains numerous articles of special interest to women. Mrs. Miller writes pleasantly of " Liberty, Love, and Art." Miss Mary F. Seymour has a timely article on " Typewriting as a Trade." Baroness von Meyerinck discusses "Music and Voice Culture." There is an interview with Superintendent Jasper on " Public Schools and Women, as School Teachers." There is also an article on the " Cost of Girls in Colleges." " The Writers of Young France," by Vance Thompson, is timely and bright. In addition to these there are articles about Fashions, Children, Hints for the Home, and brief papers of value to women. Price $1.00 a year; 10 cents a copy. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of less than 100 copies, per year, each, - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, A. — treat. New York City. 