366 .A.MMELICA.N WE/VT.9LN  N11, VoL. 11, No. 46. rights and happiness have been conserved thereby can testify. What this world would be without such restraint no human heart can con-ceive, and therefore no pen can picture. It would be a pandemonium of evil with lust and rapine running riot on every hand. The darkest hour of earth's history would furnish no complete illustration, for such restraint has never been fully removed. Now, the Spirit of God, dwelling in the Christian's heart tends to bring him into harmony with God in all things. It makes him feel that this is not his abiding city, but only the place of his pilgrimage. It makes him long, as does the Lord himself, for the time when thorns and thistles and death and arbitrary power will no longer be necessities, and so will have passed away. It causes love to dominate and control every impulse of the life, so that the exercise of arbitrary force is distasteful and contrary to his nature as it is to God's. But while the Spirit of God brings the Christian into harmony with God in these things, it also brings him into harmony with God, in that he recognizes as does God the present necessity of the restraint of force, even as he recognizes that thorns and thistles and death are present necessities, and there-fore blessings. The Christian, therefore, not only submits to the civil government because he is afraid of its penalties, but as Paul says, for con-science' sake. He does not pay his taxes merely because he has to, but because he knows that God has ordained that the civil power should exist, and that therefore it is the duty and privilege of the Christian to support it. We conclude by repeating, the Spirit of God is the Spirit of love and truth, and it is given to bring us into harmony with the divine love, with the truth of God in all things, and not merely in the one point that force becomes opposed to our nature as it is to his. IMPROVING ON GOD'S METHODS. [The Examiner (Baptist, N. Y.), Sept 24, 1896.] THE greatest calamities and crimes which have afflicted Christendom have grown out of efforts, no doubt well meant, of good people to improve upon the methods which God has made known in his Word. It is altogether likely that the man who first proposed to sus-tain religion by the arm of the State thought that he was rendering a great service to the Church, and was inaugurating a scheme which, for some inscrutable reason, the Deity had overlooked. It is hardly necessary to say thatexperienee has justified, if justifica-tion were needed, the declaration of our Lord, "My kingdomŁ is not of this world." No doubt the thought of a primate among the clergy, having supremacy over all the Chris-tian Church, seemed at the start to be a great improvement upon the loosely organized and perhaps sometimes disorderly democracy which had prevailed. Monasteries and con-vents, to which religious persons should retire for lifelong meditation and prayer, free from the contaminations and temptations of the world, seemed not only harmless but beauti-ful and edifying. Oracular confession and absolute obedience to a spiritual director were thought to be very promotive of humility and spirituality on the part of the laity. The celibacy of the clergy was devised as as means of preserving the clergy from entanglements in worldly affairs, and of putting them more at liberty to obey the commands of their spir-itual superiors, in whatever directions these  commands might lead. It is not at all im-possible that the establishment of the Inqui-sition proceeded from a sincere desire on the part of its originators to repress error in thought and action. They very likely be-lieved that they were doing God's service. We are not disposed to deny or doubt that Loyola, in establishing the Society of Jesus, was governed by a sincere desire "for the greater glory of God." It is hardly necessary to speak of the results which experience has brought to light as to the effects of these va-rious extra-Scriptural institutions, in which men have endeavored to improve upon God's plans. Ł Ł Ł  NEWS AND NOTES. WEST Virginia holds a State Christian En-deavor convention at Clarksburg, November 17, 18. A NEW "Messiah" and "divine healer," whose name is Schrader, has appeared in New Jersey, and is expected soon to come to New York City. THE police of Beverly, Mass., have forbid-den newsboys of that place to shout on the streets on Sunday, or to sell their papers quietly. A mAss meeting to promote Sunday observ-ance in Rhode Island, is announced to be held in Providence Nov. 23. A similar meet-ing will be held at Portland, Me., Dec. 3. Ł IT is reported that a bill emanating from the Congregational Association of Massachu-setts, forbidding the employment of laborers for seven days in the week by any corporate body, will be presented to the next legislature of that State. "THE Endeavorers of New Castle, Pa.," says the Golden Rule, of November 5, "have been doing a good piece of work for Christian citizenship in folding and addressing 200,000 pieces of National Reform literature, which are to be sent out over the country." AN attempt made recently to hold open-air Sunday concerts in a public resort near Mans-field, Ohio, was defeated by resolutions and threats by the Christian Endeavor societies of the place, directed against the street-rail-way company which was to furnish transport-ation. A BOSTON jury decided recently that "Yankee Doodle" was not a fit twine for a Sunday concert, and now objection is made by the New England Sabbath Protective .League to a Sunday performance of Rossini's oratorio "Moses in Egypt." So says the New York Herald, of November 10. THE Defender, organ of the "New England Sabbath Protective League," in its November issue, defends the recent arrest of three per-sons for bowling on Sunday in Somerville, Mass., on the ground that "every human being has the right of- rest and the privilege of worship, one day out of seven." Does the fact that one person is engaged in recreation at a certain time prevent another person from resting or worshiping at the same time?  If so, how do seventh-day observers manage to rest and worship at all? Yet they find no difficulty in resting and worshiping on the seventh day, with worldly business, pleasure, and recreation in full blast around them. IT appears that the Raines liquor law, which is pronounced to be one of the best measures ever devised for "regulating" the liquor traf-fic, does not even stop the sale of liquor on Sunday; for, as the Examiner, of October 29, stater, 2,000 saloons in Brooklyn alone have been transformed since its enactment into "hotels," which are free to dispense intoxi-cants any day in the-year. The only effec-tive way of dealing with the saloon is to out-law it. SPEAKING of the revolt against Spanish rule in the Philippine Islands, a Spanish Roman Catholic journal asserts that "the people do not care for progress and civilization," and "are happy when they are let alone." This it says in connection with an argument for the complete subjection of the people to the priests and the extinguishment of all liberal-izing agencies, as the only method of securing peace and happiness. Rome would hardly dare to state her policy so plainly in this country. A DES MOINE'S (Iowa) journal of recent date publishes a call for a "Sabbath Rescue" State convention, to be held in that city De-cember 1-3. The call is signed by commit-tees of the Iowa Sabbath Association, Des Moines Ministerial Association, Y. M. C. As-sociation, Christian Endeavor societies, Iowa, W. C. T. U., partisan and non-partisan, and the Iowa Sunday-school Association. The call states that "it is desired to place the Sabbath Association on a broader and better understood basis, making it representative of all religious bodies in the State that are in sympathy with efforts to preserve the sacred-ness of the Christian sabbath. The associa-tion will then be the servant and central agency of this interdenominational constitu-ency and prove such a center of organized ac-tivity as a State central committee is in a po-litical campaign." A LITTLE glimpse at what is being done in the way of permeating our legislative bodies with "National Reform" sentiment, is afforded by the following item from the Chicago Times-Herald, of November 9:Š BEAVER FALLS, Pa., Nov. 8.ŠThere was hauled to-day to the post-office 60,000 large envelopes contain-ing a copy of a supplement to a Christian paper in which was printed a report of the hearing before the Judiciary Committee of the House of Representatives, Washington, March 11, 1896, and the proposed Chris-tian amendments to the Constitution of the United States. Also a memorial to the "Body of followers of the Saviour King on the Christian amendment now pend-ing before Congress for the acknowledgment of God and Christ and the Bible in the Constitution of the United States." A blank petition, to the House of Representatives and Senate of the United States is also included, ask-ing those bodies to adopt the joint resolution which is now before them on the above-named amendment. These inclosures were addressed to individuals all over the United States, and were issued Ł by the Na-tional Reform Association of the Covenanter Church, 107 Park-Way, Allegheny. The mass of stuff filled a two horse wagon and required two hundred tie sacks to carry it in the mails. The postage cost $1,200. The postmaster was given special instruc-tions to mail none of it until Monday, so that it would not travel on the sabbath day to reach its des-tination. 