66 A IVIlb,112,11C_ANT VoL. 8, No. 9. tion of God just as much as the other. They all have made void the law of God. But as in times before there were those who would not worship the king nor bow to golden images, so now there will be those who will not yield idolatrous homage to the State. These will call upon Him whom they serve and he will deliver them. The fiery furnace harmed none but those who had prepared it. The world has come to a crisis in its history. They are wise who understand it and set their house in order accord-ingly. John saw in his apocalyptic vision the terrors which were to fall upon the earth, when time had run its course and defiance of God become complete, but he saw also the glorious reward of the faith-ful, the just and the true. There can be no pessimism among those who believe in the Bible, and accepting its promises trust implicitly in their God. Theirs is the highest optimism of which this world is capable. They know that the wondrous things of God will be as he has said they will be. They know that has been done in the past, Šand just now is done,Šwhich God said in his word would be, and now that is shortly to come to pass which he has said would follow the fulfillment of this. Not one jot or one tittle shall fail from his word, but all will be completed. w. H. M. The Field Secretary, the Governor, the Legislature, and the Sabbath Convention. THE Field Secretary of the American Sabbath Union published, in a late issue of the Christian Statesman, this almost frantic appeal to the promoters and de-fenders of religious law, in Pennsylvania, to rally to the support of existing Sunday laws in that State. Alarm I alarm 1 I alarm! ! ! The Sabbath law of Pennsylvania in peril. Three bills already before the legislature that mean its repeal. One is to make legal the printing and selling of Sunday newspapers on the Lord's day; and the other two legalize the sale of cigars, soda water, ice cream, and other such "necessities of life." Ministers of Pennsylvania can we, shall we allow our Sabbath to be thus trampled in the dust? Can our State quietly surrender her Sabbath, and give it over, without a protest, to the enemies of our Christian institutions ? Let every minister within the limits of the State feel that he is personally injured by the insult offered to his beloved Saviour in blotting out his institution of the Sabbath to legalize Sunday pa-pers 1 Better far that we legalize Sunday plowing, Sunday manufacturing, Sunday banking, for all these together would not harm society like the sec-ular paper, doubly secularized. Nothing can take God out of a human life more fully, and more cer-tainly than the Sunday newspaper. Legalize the selling of cigars, ice cream, etc. Why not make legal the sale of flour and fruit and groceries, that are the necessities of life ? The sale of the former means the sale of the latterŠjustifies it and makes it logically right. That wide sweep of Sunday business is, no doubt, what these gentlemen want. My brethren in the ministry, the enemy is at your door! Awake! Arouse! to meet him 1 We are to have a convention in Harrisburg, February 14, beginning at 7.30 P. M , and continu-ing all of the, 15th, closing in the evening of Wednes-day at which we want the whole State of Penn-sylvania represented, every congregation in it, and every benevolent society as well. Let no brother minister, or president of any Young Mens' Christian Association, or lady presi-dent of any Woman's Christian Temperance Union, or like organization, who reads this appeal, lay this paper down until three things are definitely deter-mined upon: 1 That the pastor and, at least, one member of the congregation, be appointed delegates to this convention to meet February 14, in Harrisburg. 2. That he, the pastor, will himself write a stir-ring letter, and get at least ten members in his  congregation to write short, sharp, pointed letters to their representatives and senators in the legis-lature, insisting, urging, and demanding that our Sabbath law be not surrendered. 3. That the pastor, with other pastors, and some leading citizens, constituting themselves into a committee, shall visit in person their representa-tives on their return home, and urge upon them the unspeakable danger of nullifying our State Sabbath law. If every man will do his duty, and do it at once, we will be able to hold fast our law. To neglect duty or even delay at this juncture can be little less than criminal. We would like at least a thousand delegates at the convention on the 14th. Congregations will cheerfully bear the expense or at least greatly help to do so, and not think it a sacrifice. We have written for, and hope to have a reduc-tion on the leading railroads. The hour calls out for personal responsibility. H. H. GEORGE. Gen. Field Sec, of the Am. Sab. Union. The bill permitting the Sunday sale of newspapers, to which reference is made, reads thus :Š An act making it lawful to publish, expose to sale, and to sell and deliver newspapers upon the first day of the week commonly called Sunday. SECTION 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, in General Assembly met, and it is hereby enacted by the same that it shall be law-ful to publish and expose to sale and to sell, and to sell and deliver, newspapers upon the first day of the week commonly called Sunday. SEC. 2. All laws or parts of laws inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed. This is an affirmative Sunday law pro-posed to take the place of its negative. The one is as uncalled for as the other. The subject is one upon which the civil law has no right either to affirm or deny, either to permit or prohibit. Where these religious laws exist the only permissible action that can be taken in their regard is an unconditional repeal. But such a suggestion among the Penn-sylvania Covenanters and Sabbath Union followers of Matthew Saint Quay would be looked upon as a little more than blas-phemous. The frenzied call to the Har-risburg convention is an evidence of the intensity of their feeling on the subject. The call was effectual. Instead of being responded to by tens, as heretofore, this time the summons of the religious leaders brought hundreds. They marched into the State house, in double columns with much of the air of conquering heroes, if not to the music. For two days they oc-cupied the attention of the legislature and various of its committees, at the same time holding largely attended meetings in the churches of the city. The first public meeting of the conven-tion was held in the State House, in the Hall of Representatives, with the Gov-ernor of the State presiding. Governor Pattison delivered the opening address and gave his unqualified approval of the Sunday laws of the State, saying that the Pennsylvania Act of 1794 was the basis of,  the prosperity of the commonwealth, with-out which it would have been over-whelmed with vice, while since the pas-sage of the act not a blessing had been lost to the State. That the Governor of a State should so openly interest himself in influencing legislation, and publicly lobby for a measure in his own legislature, and preside at a partisan convention called and permitted to be held, without protest, in the legislative halls of the State, is an incident probably without parallel in the history of legislation in this country. That the chief executive of a State should have unhesitatingly taken such a position at this stage of the progress of general religious legislation is an evidence  that its advancement is to be more rapid than many have thought. The espousal of the cause of religious law by men hold-ing places of political preferment, such as Senator Quay and Governor Pattison, is indicative of the place which political re-ligion has already reached. The position of Governor Pattison in this matter shows that he, like Senator Quay, sees nothing in the religion he advocates beyond poli-tics and law;Šfor when criticised for his action and reminded that he held ten thousand dollars' worth of stock in a Sun-day newspaper, and had recently, with his staff, traveled upon railroads on Sunday, he excused himself upon what he argued were sufficient grounds, that the stock had been given him and he would be glad to own it all that he might do away with its Sunday edition,Šand as to the traveling, that was within the statute permitting works of necessity,Šexcuses as totally lacking in apparent comprehension of principle as any politician or legal trick-ster could have given. The rapid flow of consecutive speech, for which these religious legislationists are acquiring a justly earned notoriety, seems to have been maintained at Harrisburg. Not a ripple interrupted the lingual tor-rent, until at a committee hearing Dr. A. H. Lewis presented before them so vivid and realistic a picture of the religious laws and legislation under discussion, as Šin the words of a reporter present, to cause " the other speakers' hair to almost stand on end." Among the measures for the ameliora-tion of the Pennsylvania Sunday laws is one for the reduction of the fine in the law of 1855, which applies only to Alle-gheny County from twenty-five dollars to the four dollars fine of the general State law. This was actively opposed, and the proposition has brought out a retaliatory measure, drafted by the Sabbath Union and presented by Mr. Douthett extending the Allegheny County law with its twenty-five dollars fine to cover the whole State. It is significant of the sense of an as-sured foothold in the law, and of control of legislatures, and of Congress, which those who composed this convention feel, that they seize this opportunity to dictate stricter laws for the State, and to declare themselves " in favor," for the United States, " of a Sixteenth Amendment to the Constitution, prescribing that no un-necessary work be done in the country upon the Lord's day." The opportunity of speaking to Congress from the vantage ground of the Pennsyl-vania State House in reference to the Sunday closing of the Columbian Exposi-tion was not lost sight of either, and Con-gress was memorialized in terms given by the Congressional Record thus :Š MR. QUAY. I present resolutions unanimously adopted by the Pennsylvania Sabbath Convention, at Harrisburg, February 15, 1893, which I ask to have read. The resolutions were read, and referred to the Committee on the Quadro-Centennial (Select), as follows: "PRESERVE THE AMERICAN SABBATH. "Resolutions unanimously adopted by the Pennsyl- vania Sabbath Convention at Harrisburg, Pa., February 15, 1893. " This convention composed of nine hundred del-egates, representing the Evangelical Christian sen-timent of the State, and a constituency of about seventy-five per cent of the entire population of the State, do "Resolve, That we especially approve of the law introduced into the United States House of Repre-sentatives by Hon. John H. Ketcham, of New York, directing that the Attorney-General shall bring suit against the World's Columbian Exposi- 