18 IknEtIC Asi‚i _F-11NT°11  IN   !HULA VoL. 11, No. 3. poses, and this whether it embraced Rome or not. Sixty-seven years ago the Sunday-keeping churches of this country united in a demand upon Congress for the discontinuance of Sun-day mails. The petitions were referred to the Senate and House Committees on Post Offices and Post Roads. January 19, 1829, the Senate Committee reported adversely to the propo-sition. Among other things the committee said Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. This first effort of the kind calls for the establishment of a principle which, in the opinion of the committee, would lay the foundation for danger-ous innovations upon the spirit of the Constitution, and upon the religious rights of the citizens. If ad-mitted, it may be justly apprehended that the future measures of the government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence. All religious despotism commences by combination and influence;, and when that influence begins to op-erate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequence. The report was adopted. A similar report was made to the House in March, 1830. Of the proposed measure the House Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, said :Š If the measure recommended should be adopted, it would be difficult for human sagacity to foresee how rapid would be the succession, or how numerous the train of measures which follow, involving the dearest rights of allŠthe rights of conscience. Because of the wisdom of our statesmen of the early years of the century, the " federa-tion " then formed to effect " social reforms " by congressional action failed of its purpose. The day foretold by Jefferson had not yet come. In his " Notes on Virginia," query 17, Mr. Jefferson said:Š The spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our people careless. A single zealot may commence persecution, and better men be his victims. . . . The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in a convulsion. We live at a time when two dangers,Š the one foretold by Jefferson, the other by the Congress of the United States in the reports from which we have quoted,Šboth threaten our liberties at the same time. Some at least of our rulers have become corrupt, caring more for power than for principle, our people have become careless, and while gigantic reli-gious combinations to effect political purposes already exist, and are doing their work, still others are proposed and urged, and that on a much larger scale. Certainly there is just cause for alarm. The closing of the World's Fair by act of Congress is an illustration of the power of a gigantic religious combination and of the sub- serviency of politicians. In 1892 the churches made their demand for a Sunday law. They presented their me-morials and petitions backed up with such persuasive words as those which follow from Presbyterian churches in Brighton, N. Y.; Parma Center, N. Y. ; and Rochester, N. Y., and recorded in the Congressional Record of May 25, 1892, thus:Š Resolved, That we do hereby pledge ourselves and each other, that we will from this time henceforth, refuse to vote for, or support for any office or position of trust, any member of Congress, either senator or representative, who shall vote for any further aid of any kind for the World's Fair except on conditions named in these resolutions. To secure the popularity and patronage which were thus put up at public auction by the churches, our nation's legislators MS0111- bled in Congress did yield to the demand for a Sunday law, and did enact such a law in three distinct ways and places; and for the reasons as stated by themselves, thus:Š If I had charge of this amendment in the interest of the Columbian Exposition, I would write the pro-vision for the closure in any form that the religious sentiment of the country demands, and . . . I say to the junior senator from Illinois [Mr. Palmer] he had better yield to this sentiment, and not let it go out to the country that there is the slightest doubt that if this money shall be appropriated, the Exposi- tion will be closed on Sunday. . . . I should make the closure provision satisfactory to those peti-tioners who have memorialized us against the desecra-tion of the Lord's day,' And again upon this demand for Sunday law, in the same debate, it was said:Š Now, if gentlemen repudiate this, if they desire to reject it, . . . I should like to see the disclaimer put in white and black and proposed by the Congress of the United States. Write it. How would you write? . . Word it, if you dare; advocate it, if you dare. How many who voted for it would ever come back here again ? None, I hope. . . . You endanger yourselves by opposing it.2  It was the same way in the House. A dispatch from Washington to the Chicago Daily Post, April 9, 1892, gave the following from an interview with a member of the House Committee on the World's Fair:Š The reason we shall vote for it is, I will confess to you, a fear that, unless we do so, the church folks will get together and knife us at the polls; and Š well you know' we all want to come back, and we can't afford to take any risks. Do you think it will pass the House ? Yes; and the Senate, too. We are all in the same boat. I am sorry for those in charge of the Fair; but self-preservation is the first law of nature, and that is all there is about it. The merits, from a religious standpoint, of the "reforms" demanded do not necessarily enter into this question at all. The govern-ment is interdicted both by the Constitution and by the higher law of natural right from legislating upon such subjects. In the very nature of the case, being accountable to God for the deeds done in the body, we must be free from the cognizance of govern- ment in all things pertaining to our relation to God. " The framers of the Constitution," said the House report already referred to, " recognized the eternal principle that man's relation with his God is above human legisla-tion, and his rights of conscience inalienable. Reasoning was not necessary to establish this' truth; we are conscious of it in our own bosoms. It is this consciousness which, in defiance of human laws, has sustained so many martyrs in tortures and in flames. They felt that their duty to God was superior to human enactments, and that man could exercise no authority over their consciences. It is an inborn principle which nothing can erad- icate." But forgetting this truth,Šforgetting that God has committed to men only civil author-ity,Šthat he commissions "the powers that be," to exact only that which is due to Cmsar, our author, and tens of thousands who hold similar views, cease not to plot for the over-throw of religious liberty by making the State not only the guardian of civil rights but of private morals, thus clothing the government with power not only to define and guarantee natural rights, but to interpret and enforce the divine law! Such should remember the language of the Senate report, previously re-ferred to, that "among all the religious per-secutions with which almost every page of modern history is stained, no victim ever suf- I Senator Hiscock, Congressional Record, July 13, 1892, p. 6755. 2  Senator Hawley, Id., p. 6759. fered but for the violation of what gover,n-ment denominated the law of God." We declare, in the 'language of the Presby-terians, Baptists and Quakers, of Virginia, in 1776, that it is " impossible for the magistrate [civil government] to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects which pro-fess the Christian faith, without erecting a claim to infallibility, which would lead us back to the Church of Rome." These so-called reformers may be honest in their purpose; they doubtless imagine that they are doing God service, but they are none the less aiming deadly blows at the vitals of American manhood and womanhood, and assaulting the very citadel of civil and religious liberty. IS "NATIONAL REFORM " PRACTICABLE? " A VERY familiar objection to the Na-tional Reform movement," says the Christian Statesman, of Dee. 14, 1895, is," Put God and Christ and the Bible into te hearts of the people, and there will be no necessity for the proposed Christian amendment of the Constitution." " This," says the Statesman, " raises the question as to the practical char-acter of the National Reform movement." The Statesman attempts to answer the ques-tion by the following:Š The first thing to be noticed is that it is an effort to secure the acceptance, by every man, of God as the source of all authority, of Jesus Christ as the king in every relation of life including the political, and of the Bible as the supreme rule of conduct everywhere. In other words, it is an effort to secure at least all that the objector says ought to be secured in order to the purifying of the political pool. But the practical reformer is often met by the astounding fact that many of those who profess to have God, and Christ, and the Bible in their hearts are ring-leaders in polit-ical corruption. And a little investigation reveal's the fact that they do not consider themselves bound by moral restraints in the political sphere. They have accepted God. Christ and the Bible for deliverance from condemnation in the next world, and probably for the regulation of ecclesiastical affairs, but not for-the regulation of political conduct. From the po-litical sphere divine authority and law are ruled out. The National Reform movement aims to supple-ment the work that has been done' in putting Christ and his law.in the hearts for salvation in the next world, by putting into the heart respect for divine authority and law in the sphere of polities. It is an effort to drive out of men's hearts the secu-lar theory of politics and to teach men that they must accept of God' as supreme in the political sphere, of Christ as their ruler in politics, and of the divine. will as of supreme authority in all political matters. This is practical reform work of the most fundamental and necessary kind. There never will be thorough and permanent reform so long as men act on the secular theory of politics, which practically and theoretically denies accountability to God for acts performed in the political sphere. To secure the recognition, by every citizen, of God as the supreme ruler, and of his right as Creator of all things, would be a most worthy motive in any work. But God cares only for such a recognition and acknowledg-ment of his claims as is prompted by love. " God is love; " and whatsoever is not of love is not, from him. He speaks of sacrifices and offerings to him not prompted by love, as "an abomination," and " a smoke in my nose.".  Prov. 28: 9; Isa. 65:3-5. There is one' way of securing from men a recognition, of God's claims, which is accept-able to him; and that is by the conversion of the heart; through the power of the gospel of his Son. But does the Statesman advocate this means for securing the recognition of God which it demands ? No; it is continually,  calling for legislation, to compel men to do that which in their hearts they do not want to do. " The practical reformer," it tells us, "is 