124 AMERICAN SENTINEL. his efforts be directed in behalf of a bad cause; but when he, sets himself up to pluck out the motes. that he im-agines are in his brother's eye, while at the same time he is blinded by the beams that darken his own vision, he need not feel grieved if there are occasionally adminis-tered to him some pretty sound rebukes. Des Moines, Iowa. That " Divine Law." W. N. Glenn, in, "Signs. of the Times." FROM the Congressional Record, of December 14, we cull the following excerpt from the proceedings in the Senate:Š "Mu. GALLINGER.ŠI present a series of resolutions adopted at a union Thanksgiving service in the town of Hudson, N. H., in reference to the Armenian question. The closing resolution I desire to put on record:Š "That international and divine law would justify the Great powers of Christendom in putting an end immediately to these atrocities, even though it should necessitate' the dismemberment and destruction of the Turkish Empire.' "The resolutions are signed by G. W. Buzzell, pastor of the Methodist Episcopal Church; C. D. Swett, pastor of the-Baptist Church, and F. P. Chapin, pastor of the Congregational Church." The question arises, By what divine law are "the great powers of Christendom" justified in destroying the Turkish Empire? The assumption of such a resolution is that "the great powers of Christendom" are Christian; from that standpoint, we ask the question, By what di-vine law are Christians justified in destroying empires? Christ said of himself, "The Son of mat is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them," and he has given neither precept nor example for saving men by means of the sword. Ł It is a 'prerogative of the Lord to remove kings and to set up kings (Dan. 2:21; 4:17), and he has given no law authorizing Christians to assume any such responsi-bility. In His providence he has used armies toŁ over-throw nations, and He has commissioned one nation to chastise or to overthrow another nation. But these are not authorized by any general divine law (or interna-tional law, either) to do so at their will. When the Lord wants such a work done, he overrules circumstances in a special way to bring about his purpose. The Lord does not send Christians to bear the sword against their enemies; no retaliation against persecution is of Christ. "I say unto you, That ye resist not evil; but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also." Matt. 5:49. As Christians, we are, as sheep among wolves, and "the weapons Of our warfare are not carnal." The only offensive weapon in the Christian's armor is the "sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God." That the Turkish Empire is to come to its end, and that in a short time, there can be no doubt. We believe  that such a result is foreshadowed in the Word, of God. That the Lord will use the power of other nations to bring about this result, there is no doubt. But when he does use the physical forces of the so-called "Christian nations" to put down a kingdom, it will have been\  dem-onstrated that they are not Christian. The very fact of their using weapons not prescribed in the armor of Christ is evidence that they do not belong to the spiritual army of Christ. When Peter drew his sword to defend the Master's cause in the Garden of Gethsemane, the Lord said to him, "Put up thy sword into his place; for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." Matt. 26:52. And in all the rules and regulations of the Christian army that order has not yet been countermanded. Those pro-fessed Christians who are continually calling for the use of the sword, or the civil law, which is the same thing (for the civil law is nothing if not backed by physical force), should ponder the circumstance recorded in Luke 9:51-56. Here it is related that Christ sent two of, his disciples before him to a village to secure lodgings. But the people would not receive him. The disciples were very indignant, and proposed to call down fire from heaven upon the place.- "But he turned and rebuked them, and said, Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of." Not the Spirit of Christ. " Pitkin (Pa.) Miner," January 29. TRUE Christians should try to exemplify the character of our Saviour. But how about the great denominations of professed Christians of to-day? Do they possess the noble attributes so profusely displayed by Jesus when he was upon earth ? Did our Saviour curry favor with the "powers that be" in order to advance his teachings, or did he appeal to the God-loving and God-fearing element within man, and plead earnestly with him to accept the gift of "eter-nal life?" Coercion and the struggle for civil power, now going on, to compel people to worship God accord-ing to man-made laws, were never taught by Christ. The Saviour was crucified and nailed to the cross by so-called religious people. . . . - This same affection governs the powerful' church denominations of to-day. The 'zeal shown in the endeavor to get civil authority in their hands is every day apparent. All true Christians should be characterized by liberality and charity. Let every one worship God in the manner dictated by their own conscience. The world will be better off by so doing. THE doubtful utility of teaching religion in the public schools, as demanded by many people, is illustrated by the following quotation from a recent discourse in the chapel of Leland Stanford University, by a professor of the University of California:Š " The idea of salvation, for instance, which belongs 