318 THE AMERICAN SENTINF;.L. small minority of the people of the United States who have any real religious regard for Sunday, are, as Mr. Crafts says, of the Jew and the seventh day, " left perfectly free to keep it "Šthat is, if they are wil-ling to deny themselves enough to do so; if not we venture the opinion that it makes no difference whether they keep it or not. God requires heart service. 0. P. B. Compulsory School Laws. THE editor of the Loyal American of Chicago, attempts to criticise THE AMER-ICAN SENTINEL'S position on the compulsory school law of Wisconsin, which requires that all children between stated ages shall study certain branches in the Eng-lish language for a given number of weeks each year. It says :Š The State exercising the right of self-preservation can provide to insure homogeneity among its citi-zens; to do this, it must provide by law that all who are to be voters must learn English in public or private schools. There is a fatal mistake couched in this. The State has a right to say who may be its citizens, and to make certain tests of citizenship. Likewise it has a right to say who may vote, and to make certain tests to the exercise of franchise. But it has no right to compel any one to meet these tests whether he becomes a citizen or not, or whether he votes or not. Here is where the theory, upon which compulsory school laws are urged, is wrong. It as-sumes that the State has a right to require all within its jurisdiction to be educated for citizenship, whether they exercise the func-tions of citizenship or not. This is manifestly wrong. If, from the nature and genius of our Government, a knowledge of the En-glish is indispensable to the proper exercise of the right of franchise, let it be made a test of franchise. Then those who do not meet the requirement cannot vote. This of itself would be an incentive to the learning of the language. But the State has no more right to compel its residents to be educated so that they may vote in-telligently, than it has to compel them to vote after they have become thus educated. It may, by establishing free schools, en-courage education; but in the very nature of free government it cannot, of right, force any one to avail himself of the privileges thus offered. No State has a right to force its citizens to learn a single letter of any alphabet in the world. When a State to protect itself employs measures which trample on human rights, there must be something wrong with its means of pro-tection. This it certainly does when it forces them to exercise any of their rights or privileges. W. A. COLCORD. To follow foolish precedents, and wink With both our eyes, is easier than to think. Cowper. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E., WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. "Songs of Freedom." PREMIUM POEMS IN the interest of the Religious Liberty work a collection of songs is being pre-pared under the above title, to be issued in December, 1890. The collection will comprise songs on four divisions of the subject, covering in sentiment the motto, "for God, for home, and native land," as follows :- 1. "For God."ŠSongs setting forth the moral rights of citizens to freedom of action, either to worship or not to wor-ship, referring to Bible examples of sub-jection but non-obedience to "the powers that be." 2. " For Home."ŠSongs of a pathetic nature, relating to the social phase of the question, introducing recent prison ex-periences in the South, drawing on the sufferings of the Dark Ages, and alluding to the probable future if Church and State are again united. 3. " For native Land."ŠPatriotic songs in praise of our country's liberal Consti-tution, the freedom of the past, the honors of the present, and loyal wishes for its future. 4. Songs which will arraign the argu-ments of the so-called National Reformers, showing in a kind but pointed manner that they are inconsistent, contrary to the Bible, subversive of liberty, and fatal to the home. A $20 PREMIUM Is hereby offered for four best poems,Šone on each of the above topics; $15 for the best poem on any three of them; $10 for the best poem on any two; and $5 for the best of any one of the four topics. In length the poem must not exceed five 4-line, or four 8-line stanzas, chorus ad-ded, and must be forwarded to the Na-tional Religious Liberty Association, Bat-tle Creek, Michigan, before November 10, 1890. A competent committee appointed by  the National Religious Liberty Association, will judge the poems, all of which shall have been previously copied in the hand-writing of one person, who shall not be a member of the examining committee, and who shall be the only person knowing the origin of the poems. All poems sent in, as far as suitable, will be set to music, as well as those taking the premium, and will appear in the forthcoming collection, " Songs of Freedom." The Association also requests that any-thing already in print on these subjects, either with or without music, be forwarded for use in the collection, provided it has merit. J. 0. CORLISS, Cor. Sec. N. R. L. A. Laboring Men and the World's Fair. NEARLY every church society, and the Prohibitionists, have petitioned the man-agement of the Columbian Exposition not to open their gates on the Sabbath day. Miss Frances E. Willard has been inter-viewed concerning the Columbian Expo-sition. As she may be assumed to speak for a considerable body of her sex her opinions are of some importance. Miss Willard's views cover a large scope. Ł She says the Woman's Christian Temperance Union will oppose, in the interest " of workingmen as well as of Christians," the opening of the Exposition, Sundays. It is more singular, however, that the temperance ladies should undertake the cruel and oppressive business of closing the Exposition, Sundays. Miss Willard's classification of workingmen and Chris-tians into mutually exclusive groups seems somewhat fantastic, yet may be er-roneous; but in the interest of neither can the Exposition be closed Sundays. There are Christians, of course, whose easy posi-tion in life will make it agreeable for them to visit the Exposition mornings of the week days. In the Paris Exposition a double admission fee was charged be-tween 8 and 10 in the morning, so as to en-able persons desirous, of avoiding crowds to have a comfortable time within the buildings and grounds. Avoiding crowds means, under such circumstances, avoid-ing contact with common people. It might be a good idea for the directors to charge double admission week mornings during the corresponding hours. Then Christians who abhor attendance Sundays might go, and not come in contact with working men and their families. Employers will not give holidays with pay. The great majority of women can-not afford to lose a day's pay. Their wage is a pittance. Will the women of the Temperance Union undertake to make up their loss if they take a day off now and then without pay ? Will the employers of these women, many of whom are con-tract manufacturers for wholesale houses, be amiable about giving them days off ?ŠLincoln (Neb.) News. C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. McKEE, President. Secretary. 