AMERICAN SENTINEL. 595 afraid, for to him it is the agency of salvation. The gos-pel is "the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." atfia TheChristian will never think of stirring up strife and revolution. He has nothing to gain in that way. His work depends not upon the power of votes nor the force of arm=, but upon the Spirit of his God. He will be accused of fermenting rebellion and treason, but there will be in the charge no more truth than was in the charge brought by the Jews against Christ before Pontius Pilate. AND I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army. And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him. . . . These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone. And the remnant were slain with the sword of him that sat upon the horse, which sword proceeded out of his mouth: and all thefowls were filled with their flesh. Rev. 19:19-21. The Power of the Church. POWER belongs, and rightly belongs, to the church of Jesus Christ. But it is not the power of this world nor of anything that is connected with this world. Before the Lord Jesus left his church to ascend to heaven, be said to them, "Tarry ye in Jerusalem till ye be be endued with power from on high." It is power from on high, and only from on high, that belongs to the church of Christ. If she has not this power, whatever else she may have, she is only weakness itself for any good in the world. This powerfrom on high is given directly from heaven to the church. It does not come through the number, wealth, nor influence of its adherents; it does not come by means of society, the State, nor any other mediumship whatever. Before he went away from the earth Christ, the Head of the Church, said to his disciples, "Ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." This is the only power, and the only means of power, that belongs to the church of Christ. And this power is open full and free to believers and the church to-day, as it was on the day of Pentecost so long ago. God poured out his Spirit then to believers and his church, without measure, and he has-never taken it back. There is just as much of the Spirit of God in the world to-day as there was on the evening of the day of that wonderful Pentecost. Why then does not the church have this power as abundantly as she did on that Pentecost?ŠThe answer is easy: The world cannot receive the Spirit of God. He is not the spirit of the world, he is the Spirit of God. The God whose the Holy Spirit is, and who gives the Holy  Spirit, is not "the god of this world." The Spirit of God cannot be received while retaining the spirit of the world. The church has too much of the spirit of the world to have the fullness of the Spirit of God. The Lord started his church in the world with the full endowment of his Holy Spirit. His church was at that time entirely separated from the world : for Jesus said, "They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world." Complete separation from the world was an es-sential conditionŠprecedent to receiving the gift of the Holy Spirit; and complete separation from the world was essential to retain that precious gift. But there came "a falling away." The influence, the numbers, and the power of the world were sought after. Men arose from among the believers who desired to mul-tiply disciples for worldly honor. They perverted the right way, they spoke perverse things to draw away dis-ciples after them. They succeeded in'thio bad ambition disciples were drawn after themselves in such numbers that the leaders found it impossible to maintain discipline,  among them. If the Holy Spirit had been retained and courted and honored, the genuine discipline of the Lord would have been maintained through the prevailing love of God, the unity of the Spirit, and the bond of peace. In order that this might be so, it was necessary to separate completely from the world. But the professed church of Christ had gone after the world, she had courted the world, and had won the world. And now she found herself unable to con-trol the world which she had won. To hold her own with the world which she had won, she must have power. She had separated from "the power from on high" when she went after the world and courted the worldo If she would have this power again, she must separate from the very world which she had won, but which she found herself powerless to control. Here was a dilemma. What should she do? Power she must have. The "power from on high" was as fully and freely open to her as it was at Pentecost and onward. This she could have in all its fullness as at the first. But alas! she could not have this and the world too. The world cannot receive the Spirit of God. Would she not separate from this world, even from the world which she had won, that she might drink to everlasting fullness of "the powers of the world to come"? No, she would not. She would go still farther from the power from on high. She would go still farther to-ward the world. She had courted and won the world, she would now court and win the power of this world, that she might control the world which she had already won. She would go as far as it was possible to go from the power from on high : she herself would become a world power. All this she did. She secured an illicit union with the State. She committed fornication with the kings of the earth. She ruled the world with the world's power in its fullness, unrestrained. And she ruled the world with the world's power, as this world's power, unrestrained, rules 