194 AMERICAN SENTINEL. served required such suffering from heretics in sight of the living, as a faint shadow of what all such must endure through the eternal hereafter. Such a horrible doctrine, proclaimed from every pulpit, and emphasized by frequent burnings of heritics, was well-calculated to freeze out of every breast the milk of human kindness, and implant in its stead, the icy cold-ness of distrust and deceit. Those, therefore, who had not courage to brave the terrors of the stake, passed their lives in studied falsehoods and hypocritical observ-ances to escape detection, until, with minds degraded by habitual deception, they sank, hopeless and terror-stricken, into the grave. But this was not all. In order to make it appear that there was a desire to lift any taint of crime from the chil-dren of these so-called heretics, a law was enacted, pro-viding that those who betrayed their parents should preserve their inheritance.Š Prescott's Ferdinand and Isabella, vol. 1, pp. 262, 263. Thus children were induced to become informers against their parents, in order to hunt heretics out of the world. This law kept parents from teaching the doctrines of salvation to their children, lest they let fall some word which would be reported to the authorities as heretical, and so cost them their lives. Parents were afraid of their own offspring, and children were taught to antagonize their parents, until the very ties of nature were snapped, and life became an almost intolerable burden. Strange as it may seem, this terrible work was done in the name of Him who said, "By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one for another." Such perversion of the principles of Christianity, con-tinued through hundreds of years, could not fail to pro-duce pernicious'effects upon the morals of even the most sincere believers. Hence, when the Reformation was in-augurated, it is not so strange that, where it became strong enough, it carried out, to some extent, the same tactics which had ever marked the career of the Roman Church. After the withdrawal of Henry VIII. from the papal church, laws were made, especially in Elizabeth's reign, requiring Catholics of the realm to take an oath which would set them absolutely and irreconcilably against the doctrines of their church Hallam's "Consti-tutional History" affirms that under similar laws, Pres-byterians also were imprisoned, branded, mutilated, scourged, and exposed in the stocks. Catholics were tortured and hanged. Anabaptists and Arians were burned alive. If a secret meeting of dissenters was held, the preacher was liable to suffer death as the penalty.  Some actually had their ears pulled off, while others were branded with hot irons. And yet the principal reason given for these coercive measures, as late as the reign of Elizabeth, was that it was an absolute sin to tolerate those who were in error.ŠBilson's Christian Subjection, 1585. So nearly, indeed, did that church follow Catholic methods of persecution, that one old persecuted Puritan of that time'denounced Anglicanism as being "planted in the blood of her mother." When: the ePresbyterians gained ascendancy in Scot-land, no priest was permitted to celebrate, or any wor-shiper to hear mass, under pain of confiscation of goods for the first offense, of exile for the second, and of death for the third offense. "One mass," exclaimed Knox, 'Is more fearful to me than if ten thousand armed enemies were landed`  n any part of the realm."ŠMcCrie's Life of Knox, ed. 1840, p. 246. Servetus was burned by order of Calvin, because of his opinions on the trinity. Castellio, for repudiating the doctrine of predestination, was driven out of Geneva; and then pursued by Calvin with such unrelenting hatred, that his prospects in life became blighted, and he sank into a condition of absolute desti-tution, from which he was relieved only by death. One can find a slight excuse for the Catholics, who ever denied the right of private judgment in matters of religion, for their intolerance of dissenters. But wheti we think of Protestantism being founded on the doctrine of the right of private judgment, what excuse can be offered for the course of Protestants in this direction? If the exercise of private judgment in religious matters is not only a right, but a duty, as Protestantism affirms, how absurd for it to brand even honest error as criminal, and to prescribe beforehand, through the civil law, the con-clusion to which believers must arrive. Is it not plain that wherever such a course is taken, it reveals the same spirit back of it that caused the best blood of past cen-turies to be yielded upon the altar of religious bigotry and intolerance? But what gave persecution its first impetus? Histor-ical extracts in previous papers have shown it to be the effort to destroy the Sabbath of the fourth command-ment, and to put forward in its place the pagan festival of the sun, or Sunday. The persecution started by that effort greW into a gigantic system, which swept millions off the earth under the most terrible tension of affairs. Probably those who inaugurated the work had not the least idea of the magnitude it would attain; but when once loose rein is given to the passion of intolerance, like all other excitements it passed beyond the control of those who thought they had it well in hand. But what about the present clamor for a civil law to uphold the same day of the_ sun, by which such terrible consequences were realized? Is it not a revival of the old controversy, over which the church of the early ages divided, and which since then has ever caused bitterness to dwell in the hearts of those who held the ascendancy in matters of religion? If the struggle then to maintain the Sunday festival without scriptural support, resulted in such bitter persecution, is it not probable that the same effort now, will ultimately produce a similar spirit, with corresponding results? J. O. C. EITHER take Christ in your lives, or cast him out of your lips; either be that thou seemest, or else be what thou art.ŠDyer. 