and a broader term than is the term civility. The field of morality is much wider and in fact is essentially distinct from that of civility. Therefore, we always insist upon the -distinction which there is between them, and which should always be made and recognized between them. We know that the term morality has become, to a considerable extent, estab-lished in usage in a sense in which it means neither morality nor civility, but a sort of sentimental theoretical something that each theofist may have framed for himself, meaning much more than civility and infinitely less than morality. But such usage is wrong. It comes down to our time from the time when the Papacy was supreme and when accordingly there was utter confusion of all things pertain-ing to the Church and to the State, of the civil and the religious; when in short everything was held to be moral, accord-ing to the papal idea of morality. And everybody who has looked into the history of those times, knows full well that under the papal dominion and in the papal system there never was any such thing as either morality or civility. Moral government is God's government. Morality is the realm of God. He is the Author and the" conservator of it. Civil government is ordained of God, and its purpose is civil only. For these reasons we constantly insist upon a clear distinc-tion in the terms morality and civility, and in so doing we occupy Protestant ground. The great confession made at Augsburg in 1530 declared as follows :Š The civil administration is occupied about other matters, than is the gospel. The magistracy does not defend the souls, but the bodies, and bodily things, against manifest injuries; and coerces men by the sword and corporal punishments, that it may uphold civil justice and peace, wherefore the ecclesiastical and the civil power are not to be confounded. . . . In this way ours distinguish between the duties of each power, one from the other, and admonish all men to honor both powers, and to acknowledge both to be the gifts and bless-ings of God. This is Protestant truth. It is Chris-tian truth. It is God's truth. And as we are Protestants and Christians and wor-shipers of the Most High God, we insist forever upon a distinction between the re-ligious and the secular, the moral and the civil ; rendering to Caesar the things which are Csar's and to God the things that are God's. A. T. J. The Design of National Reformers. THEY are positive and persistent in the denial of any desire for the . union of Church and State; but admit that they desire the union of religion with the State. In reply to this it may be asked, What religion ? an,d the answer must be, The _Christian religion; for they do not mean ',Mohainmedanism, Buddhisma, or any other _—. rellgion,.but the Christian. But a. union of the; Christian religion with the State would-be. a-union of the Christian Church  with the State, unless Christianity can exist without Christians. That their real object is an alliance of the Christian Church with the civil Gov-ernment is too plain to be doubted. They ask Congress to enact laws to enforce the observance of what they call the Christian Sabbath. The plea for a "civil Sabbath" for the benefit of over-worked laborers, does not come from the laboring men. It is only a disguiseŠa sugar-coatingŠto make .the religious Sunday go down with legislators. But the disguise is too thin. And -all may know, if they will, that a movement which calls fraud and hypocrisy to its aid, is not from above. The very name of their first and leading paper declares their object unmistakably. The Christian Statesman!Šthat means a union of Church and State.Š"A Christian party in politics," striving to get the Gov-ernment under their control, so as to leg-islate for " Christian laws and usages."' Of course, they do not ask that any one of their numerous sects should be established by law; but they want the Government to espouse the cause of Christianity and en-force a portion, at least, of their creedŠsuch portion on which the leading denom- inations can agree. R. F. COTTRELL. The Use of Civil Government. IN an ideal state of existence, there would be no civil government, for there would be no need of it. Heaven has no civil government. The only law to which the angels are amenable is God's moral law, which is the basis of his government for all intelligent beings in his universe. Even this law exercises no arbitrary re-straint over the angelic .host, for it is all founded in love, and therefore requires only such service as love dictates, Su-preme love for God, and love for their fellows, leads them of their own free will, to do just those things which the law re-quires, hence all consciousness of legal restraint is gone. Here is perfect liberty, and this is the only perfect liberty possible to intelligent beings anywhere in the uni-verse of God. When each one, from the indwelling motive of love, pleases to do just what the law of love requires him to do, then the law and the government itself is lost in love, and each one does just as he pleases. If the law is a just one, there is one thing, and only- one, that harmo-nizes the conflicting ideas of perfect obe-dience and liberty, and that one thing is perfect love. This is the love of God, " that ye keep his commandments, and his commandments are not grievous." "I delight to do thy will, oh my God,". why ? " yea, thy law is within my heart." From this it is seen that all approach toward perfect love is a corresponding approach toward possible = liberty, and toward the utter uselessness and needless-ness of all governmental restraints. Thus in an ideal existence there would be no  need of government to protect the rights of individuals, for love would be their full protection. There would be no need for armies, or courts of justice, or police officers, or prisons, or any of the para-phernalia of government, and hence no need of taxes for their support. From this it will be seen that civil government is simply a necessity of an imperfect state of being. It is because men, and societies, and nations of men, are actuated by self-ishness and hate, and not love, that civil government becomes necessary to protect the rights of the individual, and to main-tain the rights of the nation. In such a state of imperfection as this, .the absence of government would be the presence of anarchy and confusion; and therefore God who is a God of order and not of confusion, has ordained civil gov-ernment for a special purpose. That pur-pose is simply the maintaining of harmony and order by protecting the rights of each individual in the nation, and by protecting the rights of the nation against infringeŠment from other nations. As the rights of the nation are simply the combined and aggregated rights of the individuals that compose the nation, it follows that the sole object of civil gov-ernment is simply to maintain and protect the rights of each individual in the gov-ernment. But it may be asked, Why can not the individual protect his own rights ? The answer isŠhe might do it against one individual at a time, provided that indi-vidual had no advantage of strength, or wealth, or influence. Such, however, is not often the case. The aggressive party has some such advantage, or imagines he has it, else he would not attempt such ag-gression. If he has no other advantage, he has that of knowing his own plans and intentions, and of these the party he con-spires against is ignorant. Then it often happens that greed and lust cause different individuals to combine their power and influence to rob one individual of his rights. Against their combined aggres-sion he alone would be powerless. We have seen that from these facts arising out of human imperfection, comes the necessity and the sole necessity of civil government. The ideal civil gov-ernment, then, is simply the pledge; ex-pressed or understood, of each individual in the nation to unite with all others, if need be, for the maintenance of the rights of any one, and to unite with all others for the maintenance of the aggregated rights of the whole when such rights are menaced by other nations. Mark, all this is for the maintaining and protecting of rights. The rights already exist. That is the sublime truth of the inanaor-tal Declaration of Independence. " We hold- these truths to -be self-evident, that all men created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain Un-alienable rights, that, among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." 