44 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. statute books under the head of " offenses against God and religion." Such is the genealogy of our present Sunday laws, which Judge Hagans and others of similar bias would like to see enforced under the guise of " civil " regulations. Under the inspiration of his theme the Judge sighed for mayors in our great cities, like Ne-hemiah who was not troubled with police boards and the jury system, but was him-self mayor and chief of police at the same time,Ša sigh which will not be extensively echoed among the people of those cities, or the officers of our municipal corporations. Rev. John Pearson read an able paper on " the Minister and His Responsibility for Public Sentiment," and, unconsciously perhaps, hit the National Reform theory a blow squarely between the eyes. Minis-ters of the gospel and churches were not, he said, to come down from their high position to take part in the battle of poli-tics, but to stand as watchmen on the walls of Zion, speaking out loud and boldly on all questions which concern public morals. This they ought to do, and the place for them to do it is in the pulpit. But the trouble is that ministers preach smooth things there, and then call on the legisla-tures to do the work they leave undone, by compelling people to be moral by law. Such preachers would do well to read over and study the great commission under which they profess to be working : " Go ye therefore and teach all nations, bap-tizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, teaching [not compelling] them to observe all things,.whatsoever I have commanded you." This defines the legitimate sphere of the Christian minister, and when he becomes an advocate of compulsory mor-ality, he is engaging in 'a work which Christ has never commanded or sanc-tioned. Rev. G. W. Lasher read a paper on " The Sabbath and the Working Man," repeating the familiar arguments relative to man's physical, mental,, and moral need of a Sabbath rest, considering the subject from the standpoint merely of a physical and moral necessity, of which the civil law might properly take cognizance. The effect of his effort was seriously marred at the close when the Rev. Mr. Pearson arose and, reminded the assembly that that was a Christian convention, that the good old-fashioned religious Sabbath was what they were principally concerned with, and that the " civil " Sabbath had been dinned in their ears quite as much as was profitable. "A Legal Argument' against Secular Common Schools, " was the title of a paper read by Dr. McAllister, editor of the Chris-tian Statesman. He ignored the position of parent or guardian as the overseer and inculcator of morals upon the minds of youth, and relegated this duty entirely to the State. The oath which the State de-manded of its jurors and public officers furnished, in his view, a convincing reason  why the public schools should instruct the youth concerning the nature of an oath, and concerning that Supreme Being of whom it makes mention. Upon this slim foundation did he build his " legal argu-ment against secular common schools." He even went so far as to assert that secu-larism, to be consistent, would -be com-pelled to rule out Webster's Dictionary; as if there were no difference between defin-ing the existing conceptions of religious things, and inculcating religious ideas ! He would have the principles of Christian-ity openly taught in the public schools, which would leave to the Jew and the infidel, who did not wish their children thus 'taught, the happy alternative of withdrawing their children from the in-stitutions they are taxed to support, or of building up schools of their own in that fair country to which the Rev. E. B. Graham, a co-laborer of Dr. McAllister's, referred when ho said, " If the opponents of the Bible do not like our Government and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land, and in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil subdue it, and set up a government of their own on infidel and atheistic princi-ples, and then if they can stand it stay there till they die ! " Rev. W. F. Crafts arrived during the concluding part of the session, and.spoke on " The National Sabbath." He main-tained, among other, things, that the rest-day must be a common day for all, ignor-ing the fact that communities of seventh-day and first-day observers exist together in many places without causing the slightest friction of the wheels of commerce, and said that it was an act of great generosity on the part of the States to exempt Seventh-day observers from the penalties of the Sunday laws. Such an exemption he evidently did not sanction. He would have all Sunday work of every kind stopped, except works of mercy and ne-cessity (which he would want the privilege of defining), in order that the poor laboring'  men might enjoy their Sunday rest. One cannot help wondering why, if they are so enslaved and oppressed by Sunday work, there has never been a " strike " made by them for that rest. There have been Strikes enough for almost everything else, but no strike for Sunday rest has ever been put on record. On the contrary, the laboring men have to be earnestly impor-tuned by Mr. Crafts before they will in-dorse, and then not unanimously, the movement for a national Sunday law. Space forbids the mention of other papers and speakers, in some instances able and interesting, but which did not touch so directly upon the subject of a State religion. The convention was thinly attended, about one hundred being present on an average, a large proportion of whom were women. Its effect upon the City and the State remains to be disclosed. I. A. SMITH. Questionable Declarations. THE following extract from a letter to the New York Voice, raises "a "very perti-nent question for the consideration: of the,  Prohibition party, if it 'is indeed prohibi-tion that that party desires. The extract runs thus:Š . To the Voice.ŠThe letter- from a con-respondent, W. H. Wilgus, in a late issue of the Voice, brings up one of the., most important questions the Prohibition party has yet to meet. Is there any better time than the present to meet it frankly and honestly ? Judging from the platforms adopted byr  various States this fall the Prohibition; party now stands for prohibition and i'e-ligious legislation. The last is an- expres-, sion that ought to be hateful to every true American. But is it too strong in this;  case ? These platforms call upon the State to defend the sanctity of the Sabbath in vary-ing phrases, but to the same intent. Now, the Sabbath is purely a religious institu-tion, and it does not alter the case to sub-stitute the word Sunday, or call for a_ ".civil Sabbath." The expression is self!contradictory. The province of civilgovernment is to prohibit that which is uncivil, but it cannot be shown that honest labor on any day of the week is uncivil," 'except by allowing'  the religious character of the day to be. taken into the account, and then the State steps outside of its proper sphere of action, However, this phase, of the question needs no discussion now,k,Łfor-  there is no effort made to. conceal the fact that it is the pro-tection of Sunday a,s a religious institntion,  which is desired,  But what if we exempt the minority from the operation of such laws ? That is simply to tolerate them; and toleration is a word hateful to every true American. It does not make such legislation right; it admits the right of the majority to rule in matters of conscience; and' last but not least, it does not work satisfactorily, and will in-evitably lead to a repeal of the exemption clause. Our papers are strangely silent in,  regard to these facts and on this question ; but certainly no side issue will cause such division as this, for it involves a matter of conscience. Alieady the .beginning of this defection is apparent. The recent formation Of, the.  National Religious Liberty Association is a straw which shows, too well, what we may expect in the near future. Here is an association, composed of Christian men, - heartily in favor of prohibition, loyal to our Constitution, and yet compelled by earnest convictions to unite in defense of religious liberty, and oppose the Probi-;  bition party because of its stand on this question. It is nonsense to invite to full party fel:. lowship those who are weed with us. ou 