394 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. no preconcerted plan to " pack " the meet-ings. On account of the inclemency of the weather and an apparent indifference on the part of that class which it might naturally be supposed would be largely represented at a mass-meeting of this kind, the Adventists, contrary to their own ex-pectations, as they afterward stated, found themselves in the majority. And inasmuch as the meeting was a mass-meeting, and all present were called upon to vote, this people, expressing themselves in accord-ance with their conscientious convictions, necessarily voted the resolutions down, and unceremoniously and quite unexpected turned the scales of the American Sabbath Union against itself. THE REASONS GIVEN. Mr. Jones being called upon, begun by explaining why he and his people had voted against the resolutions. He said that so far as the opening or closing of the Fair on Sunday was concerned they would not turn their hands over whether it was opened or closed; but that they were opposed to the resolutions presented, as the resolutions were a protest against Con-gress repealing an unconstitutional act. He stated that Sunday legislation was religious legislation and religious legis-lation wholly, citing in proof the fact that the Sunday closing measure was asked for upon the ground of the fourth command-ment, as interpreted by Congress, and state-ments of Senator Hawley and the Senate Chaplain at the time the measure was se-cured. Though at first denied by several in the audience, Mr. George admitted this to be so, as his own argument had already abundantly proved. Mr. Jones then proceeded to show that the powers of the general Government were delegated powers only ; that accord-ing to the Tenth Amendment to the Con-stitution, the powers not delegated to the general Government were reserved either to the States or to the people, and conse-quently inasmuch as the Government had never had delegated to it the power to legislate upon religion and religious ques-tions, Congress had no right whatever to legislate upon this subject. He further declared that the Government was posi-tively and expressly forbidden to legislate upon such matters by the First Amend-ment to the Constitution which says, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohib-iting the free exercise thereof ;" and that therefore Sunday legislation on the part of the Government was unconstitutional, and that those who by threats of loss of votes had secured such legislation had forced Congress to override the supreme law of the land, as Article Six of the Constitution declares the United States Constitution to be ; ,and it was conse-quently with ill-grace they were pleading for obedience on the part of others to minor laws. A third point made, was to the effect that Mr. George and the National Reform Association to which he belongs know this legislation to be unconstitutional, for, for the last twenty years and more they have been laboring to secure a religious amend-ment to the Constitution, in order that this very kind of legislation might have an " undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land;" but that having secured the legislation without first hav-ng secured the amendment, they could not possibly be ignorant of the fact that the legislation is unconstitutional. This  fact Mr. Jones made very emphatic and clear, and no attempt was made by Mr. George in his reply to answer it. In conclusion, Mr. Jones remarked that although not affecting the principle of the legislation involved, it was neverthe-less a fact that Sunday was not the Sab-bath of the Bible anyway; that Saturday, the seventh day, was the Sabbath of the fourth commandment, and not Sunday, the first day; and that the American Sab-bath Union was therefore not only over-riding the supreme law of the land, but the supreme law of the universe. This sort of argument was rather too much' for Mr. George to take gracefully. When he got the floor again he said he smelled an odor similar to that which he encountered while lobbying with Con-gress last summer, and expressed his opinion of the Seventh-day Adventists in terms not the most complimentary, ac-cusing them of being "anarchists," and thanked the Lord there were so few of them in comparison to the " forty mil-lions " of people he claimed were behind him and his cause. He cited them to the Haymarket rioters, of Chicago, a few years ago, and to their fate, and although admitting the right of the Adventists to attend the meeting, seemed much in-censed at its taking the turn it did, and the resolutions thus failing to carry. " THE BATTLE OF THE GIANTS." The chairman of the evening, Rev. Mr. Axtell, it must be said to his credit, kept his balance well, and allowed fair play all the way through. Several turns were taken by the speakers, both of which were ready and forcible in their utter-ances, and both being exceptionally tall and well-built, the scene altogether re-minded one of what modern history styles the debates between Lincoln and Doug-lass, " the battle of the giants." It was indeed an interesting occasion, and reli-gious liberty for once in these days of desoarture from truth and justice, gained a c.ecided victory. A few others partici-pated in the discussion, which lasted until half past ten o'clock, when Mr. George and his friends withdrew from the scene with anything but an air of triumph. They had evidently encountered not only numbers but arguments which they could not successfully meet. The Seventh-day Adventists evidently had as much right to attend and take part in this meeting as any other people, it being advertised as a " mass-meeting;" especially is this so in view of the fact that they were invited to speak and give their reasons for their action. But the chagrin which this defeat caused and the indignation which it created in the Amer-ican Sabbath Union may be understood to some degree from the following state-ments made by members of the Union in its meetings at the First Methodist Church, the following day. Rev. Mr. McLain styled the course of the Adventists " dis-orderly conduct," and when a proposition was made to send a telegram to the House Committee on the World's Fair, announc-ing the result of the four mass-meetings, he further remarked :Š I think the facts ought to be stated that we had four meetings; but in a serreptious, and, in our judgment, a very unbecoming way, through an or-ganized effort on the part of the enemies, they undertook to capture one of our meetings; and that very thing made public will heap contempt on any such course. I believe it ought to be made public; and I believe we ought to enter a vigorous protest against any such imposition in a line of this sort. I am very much opposed to any such course.  That a few men, calling themselves men, should come into a meeting organized properly as we had organized that meeting, and show themselves in that meaner, ought to be treated with indignity and contempt, and the Government ought to know about it, that is the Committee [the House World's Fair Committee] ought to be notified in regard to it ; and it ought to be shown to the people the unfair and improper methods used by those who are op-posed to this movement. Following these remarks the secretary of the convention, Mr. Thompson, of Ohio, said :Š If the committee on resolutions should bring in a resolution to censure these people I think it would be entirely proper. Such are the illiberal sentiments and such the animus of the " Union " which is seeking to maintain what it has already secured from Congress in the way of clos-ing the World's Fair on Sunday, and to force upon the people its ideas of religion and the Sabbath by law. ADVENTISTS NOT SURPRISED. It may not be inappropriate just here to state that such treatment as is indicated by the utterances just quoted, as well as the charge of " anarchy " made by Mr. George, is no surprise to the Seventh-day Adventists. For years they have not only been looking for this very condition of things to be brought about through a controversy over the Sabbath question, but predicted that these very charges would be made against them in conse-quence of their loyalty to God and his commandments. The following paragraph from a work published by them as long ago as 1884, entitled, " The Great Contro-versy Between Christ and Satan" (Vol. IV., p. 409), is in evidence upon this point :Š Those who honor the Bible Sabbath will be de-nounced as enemies of law and order, as breaking down the moral restraints of society, causing an-archy and corruption, and calling down the judg-ments of God upon the earth. Their conscientious scruples will be pronounced obstinacy, stubborn-ness, and contempt of authority. They will be ac-cused of disaffection toward the government. Ministers who deny the obligation of the divine law will present from the pulpit the duty of yield-ing obedience to the civil authorities as ordained of God. In legislative halls and courts of justice, commandment-keepers will be censured and mis-represented. A false coloring will be given to their words; the worst possible construction will be put upon their motives. And in the same work (pp. 444, 445) the statement is further made that,Š In the last conflict the Sabbath will be the special point of controversy throughout all Christendom. Secular rulers and religious leaders will unite to enforce the observance of the Sunday; and as milder measures fail, the most oppressive laws will be enacted. It will be urged that the few who stand in opposition to an institution of the Church and a law of the land ought not to be tolerated, and a decree will finally be issued denouncing them m deserving of the severest punishment, and giving the people liberty, after a certain time, to put them to death. Romanism in the Old World, and apostate Protestantism in the New, will pursue a similar course toward those who honor the divine precepts. From these statements it is evident that this people are not ignorant either of the nature of this movement to establish Sunday as the Sabbath of this Nation and enforce its observance upon the people, or of the bitter persecution that is finally to result from it. Two further paragraphs from the same work (page 410) are so much to the point we insert them here :Š The dignitaries of Church and State will unite to bribe, persuade, or compel all classes to honor the Sunday. The lack of divine authority will be sup-plied by oppressive enactments. Political corrup-tion is destroying love of justice and regard for truth, and in order to secure public favor, legisla-tors will yield to the popular demand for a law en-forcing Sunday Observance. Liberty of conscience, 