20 THE .AMERICAN SENTINEL. ment equal to the Normal School in power to give certificates of qualification as teachers. It not only made the Normal School useless for Romanists, but gave them power to furnish any number of their own candidates for posi-tions. Thus they designed to capture the schools they could not destroy, just as in Pittsburg, Father Tighe became principal of the school his church denounces as "immoral and godless." "Rule or ruin" is the policy now pursued without the slightest attempt at concealment. Their numerical and political strength has increased so vastly that they can afford to scorn secrecy. Politicians of both parties will be rivals for the favor of this mighty machine, which is everywhere quite as much a political power as it is religious. If the masses of our people are not united and alert, before they know it the public-school system will be impaired and crippled. This is one of the great evils now threatening us with the recent vast influx of foreigners. Our schools have been the mills in which the human material of the Nation has been pre-pared and moulded for American citizenship. Our disorderly, rebellious criminal class are mainly recruited from other sources than our public schools. We are not yet ready to give them up at the dictation of the Papal power. ŠN. Y. Observer. Ł I Christ and National Reform. Tins plan of extending Christ's kingdom through political agitation discloses great moral degeneracy. It will, I think, be easily seen when we consider that love to God is the only return we can make to him for his won-drous love to us. Hence the Scripture says that "love is the fulfilling of the law." The absurdity of the National Reform movement is the supposition that men can be made to love God by compulsion, or restrained from not loving him. Christ said, "And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me "Ševidently by the drawing power of that unexampled love ;shown in thus voluntarily suffering an awful .death. Yet the spirit of the present day seems :to perceive that the drawing power of Jesus' love is inadequate, and with shame let it be said, :proposes to institute civil measures to draw -men unto God. The apostle says, "We love him because he first loved us," but these men, evidently knowing nothing of the nature of that love, say we will have men to love God because it is popular to do so, or because the law of the land constrains them. If men are not touched in their hearts by the dying love of Christ, it is the height of absurdity to try to compel them. Anyone ought to be able to see that a law to the effect that men should have their hearts melted in view of Christ's love to them would be nonsense,if not worse. In opposition to this, stand the words of the apostle, "The love of Christ constraineth us." Oh, if poor, neglected Jesiis wept over callous-hearted Jerusalem, because love was rejected, how would he weep over this move-ment to supplant the Holy Spirit of love by machinery of unhallowed invention. Do not angels say, "They know not what love is ? " and will not hell enlarge herself with-out measure? God help us Łin the last great apostasy. W. S. RITCHIE. Hudson, Ohio. A Dangerous Parallel. ALONGSIDE of the statements-of the Elgin Sunday-law, Convention, given in a forego-ing article, we desire to place some facts of history which reveal a threatening danger that the American people do not dream of. By this we intend to shoW that it was in this same way precisely that the union of Church and State was formed in the fourth century, out of which. grew the Papacy in its highest pretensions. There is no need of much argument; all we shall ,have to do is to quote the history, and the parallel can be so plainly seen that argument is unnecessary. Neander says of the fourth century :Š "As is evident from the synodal laws of the fourth century, worldly-minded bishops, in-stead of caring for the salvation of their flocks, were often but too much inclined to travel about, and entangle themselves in worldly concerns."ŠChurch History, Vol. 2, page 16. Torrey's Edition, Boston, 1857. So it is now with these Sunday-law preach-ers, in their working up of religio-political conventions, and their lobbying almost every Legislature in the land. But what was the purpose of these worldly-minded bishops in entangling themselves in worldly concerns? Neander tells :Š "This theocratical theory was already the prevailing one in the time of Constantine ; and . . . the bishops voluntarily made themselves dependent on him by their dis-putes, and by their determination to make use of the power of the State for the furtherance of their own aims."ŠId., p. 132. What then were their aims? Their first and greatest aim was the exaltation of them-selves; and second only to that was the exal-tation of Sunday. These two things had been their principal aims, and especially of the bishops of Rome, for more than a hun-dred years, , when Constantine gave them a chance to make their aims effectual by the power of the State. The first assertion of the arrogant pretensions of the bishop of Rome to power over the whole church, was made in behalf of Sunday by Victor, who was bishop of Rome from A. D. 193 to 202. " He wrote an imperious letter to the Asiatic prelates, commanding them to imitate the example of the western Christians with respect to the time of celebrating Easter [that is commanding them to celebrate it always on Sunday]. The Asiatics answered this lordly requisition . . . with great spirit and resolution, that they would by no means depart, in this manner, from the custom handed down to them by their ancestors. Upon this the thunder of excommunication began to roar. Victor, exasperated by this resolute answer of the Asiatic bishops, broke communion with them, pronounced them unworthy of the name of his brethren, and excluded them from all fellowship with the Church of Rome."ŠMosheim, Church History, 2d Century, part II, chap. V; par. 11. One of the earliest things in which these church managers secured from Constantine  the use of the power of the State, was the famous edict prohibiting certain kinds of work on "the venerable day of the sun." That edict runs thus:Š " Let all the judges and towns-people and the occupation of all trades rest on the vener-able day of the sun; but let those who are situated in the country, freely and at full -lib-erty attend to the business of agriculture; be-cause it often happens that no other day is so fit for sowing corn and planting vines ; lest, the critical moment being let slip, men should lose the commodities granted by Heaven." This edict was issued March 7, A. D. 321. It will be seen by this edict that only judges and towns-people and mechanics were com- manded to rest on Sunday. If mechanics were allowed to work, the spiritual temple could not be built "without the noise of the hammer;" don't you see? But this did not satisfy the political managers of the churches for any great length of time. " By a law of the year 386, those older changes effected by the Emperor Constantine were more rigorously enforced, and, in gen-eral, civil transactions of every kind on Sun-day were strictly forbidden. Whoever trans-gressed was to be considered, in fact, as guilty of sacrilege."ŠNeander, Id., p. 300. But these laws only prohibited work on Sunday; pleasure-seeking, gaines, etc., were not even yet prohibited. Consequently a church convention held at Carthage in 401,Š "Resolved to petition the Enlperor,.that the public shows might be transferred from the Christian Sunday and from feast days to some other days of the week."Šlb. But what was the purpose of all these Sun- day laws, and petitions for Sunday laws? From the first Sunday law enacted by Con- stantine, to the last one enacted by any other emperor; from the first petition presented by the political bishops of the fourth century to this last one circulated by the political preach-ers of Illinois; the sole reason and purpose has always been,Š "So that the day might be devoted with less interruption to the purposes of devotion; " and "in order that the devotion of the faith-ful might be free from all disturbance." Id., pp. 297, 301. But what was it that disturbed the devo- tion of the faithful on Sundays in the fourth century ? "Owing to the prevailing passion at that time, especially in the large cities, to run after the various public shows, it so happened that when these spectacles fell on the same days which had been consecrated by the church to sonic religious festival, they proved a great hindrance to the devotion of Chris-tians, though chiefly, it must be allowed, to those whose Christianity was the least an affair of the life and of the heart."ŠId., p. 300. But, again, how could a theater or a circus in one part of the city hinder the devotion of the faithful in another, and perhaps distant, part of the city, or even in the country? Thus :Š " Church teachers . . . were, in truth, often forced to complain, that in such com-petitions the theater was vastly more fre-quented than the church."ŠTh. Oh, yes! That is the secret of the hin- 