378 AMERICAN SENTINEL. private enemy in time of peace, or to kill one or more of the "public enemy" on the field of battle? * IN the one case the individual kills a person against whom he has some grievance. His victim may be one who has done him a grievous injury. .He has a reason in his mind which to him seems sufficient, for taking the other individual's life. But in battle, on the other hand, men shoot down other men who have done them no in-jury at all,Šmen against whom they feel no personal an-imosity, and with whom, under any other circumstances, ithey would be on terms of cordial friendship. We make some excuse for the man who acts in the heat of passion. Without at all justifying his deed, we recognize that there is a differenceŠall laws relating to murder and homicide recognize itŠbetween such a case and that of the person who takes life with cool, deliberate calculation. In battle men take the lives of their fellows deliberately, urged nei-ther by the heat of sudden passion nor by the sting of real or fancied injury. In which case is there shown the most cool disregard of human life and of the divine image which God has stamped upon his creatures? * * A GOOD illustration upon this point is furnished by an incident of the civil war which devastated this coun-try back in the sixties. The incident is that of the feat of a Confederate sharpshooter, Lamar Fontaine, in kill-ing sixty men in sixty minutes. Mr. Fontaine carried after the war a written certificate of his deed signed by Gederal Robert E. Lee, who witnessed its execution. The following mention of it was made not long since by a New York City paper:Š "Pr was in the battle of Waterloo Bridge, just below Warrenton, Va., in August,1862, and immediately before the second battle of Manassas, that General Lee wit-nessed Fontaine's feat of killing 'sixty Yankees in sixty minutes.' "Stonewall Jackson, under whom Fontaine served, was flanking Pope. The Confederate sharpshooters had possession of a long frame building, and were pouring death into Pope's ranks, when Lee rode up. "The general had heard of Fontaine's wonderful abil-ity as a marksman, and paid him a visit. A Federal bat-tery was then directed on the sharpshooters. "'Train your glass on No. 1, at gun No. 1,' Fontaine said to General Lee, 'and you will see him jump up in the air in a minute, and another man will have to take his place.' "Then he went on and killed sixty men, one after another, each in about a minute, until Lee told him to stop. "`Doesn't your conscience ever hurtŁyou when you do work of this kind?' inquired Lee. " 'Why, general,' replied Fontaine, 'when I enlisted in the army it was with the understanding that I was to kill as many of the enemy as I could. If I had any con-scientious scruples against it I would quit the army. Don't you expect us to kill?' " AND thus, minute after minute for an hour, this man went on cooly taking the lives of his fellowmen, making widows and orphans, inflicting the most cruel suffering upon innocent people, taking away the natural protector from innocent little children, leaving them to suffer for want of the things the father would provide for their comfort,Šand all this was a matter of no more concern to him than the killing of game by the sportsman; it did not cause a ripple upon the surface of his conscience. We cannot avoid querying if this represents the normal con-dition of the human mind. To us it appears monstrously abnormal, fully as much so, certainly, as that condition in which an individual does that which the law calls mur-der or homicide. FONTAINE was a model soldier, so far at least as his conduct in battle was concerned. It is always desired that soldiers in battle shall take life coolly and deliber-ately, just as he took it; nor is it, desired that they shall feel any conscientious scruples against it, for that would seriously detract from their value for military purposes. But we do not believe that such a condition of mind can be regarded as normal, much less Christian. In its nor-mal condition there still remains in the human heart enough of the uprightness implanted by the Creator to cause an instinctive aversion to the taking of human life, whether for personal or political reasons. 4  The Significance of the Policeman. THOSE persons who seized with such avidity, and who are constantly reiterating, the assertion of the Supreme Court "that this is a Christian nation," and who insist that civilization will soon produce the millennium, will do well to ponder carefully the following words by Editor Ridpath in the May Arena:Š "There is more in a policeman than appears on the surface. He is not so much a person as a fact. He is representative of much and expressive of little. He is said to stand for the state. If so, the state has a re-markable manner of revealing herself to the senses. This is true in particular of the Christian state. The ChrisŁ tian state is a sort of a professional entity that ought for the sake of consistency to be represented by something different from a bluecoat, a leer, and a billy. "It seems, however, that civilization demands a po-liceman. If we are to reason from the facts, the higher stage of the civilized life requires an increased supply of policemen. This is what I am trying to explain. The more we civilize, the more we enlarge the Department of Public Protection. The Indians had no policemen. The seventy thousand inhabitants of Iceland have only one. A small Christian town in. America requires several. The city must have many; the metropolis, an army. New York requires five thousand to keep her from robbing and killing herself." And no larger "force" was required on the 28th of 