AMERICAN SENTINEL. 297 other words, to determine which one is the "Christian church." * IT is such occasions as this that reveal the real danger which threatens this country and Government,Ša vastly greater one than that which its military resources are now being employed to avert. * * * THE other day in Chicago the national flag was 'con-secrated" by a Catholic priest and afterwards hoisted to the spire of his church. The proceedings are thus de-scribed in the Inter-Ocean:Š "One thousand people were in and around the Church of the Nativity this afternoon when Rev. Father J. M. Cartan, a veteran of the Civil War, officiated in the cere-mony of blessing the national emblem. Solemn services in the church prescribed by the ritual for the blessing of battle flags preceded the opening exercises. A chorus of forty voices sang Mozart's 'Gloria.' "Seventy acolytes assisted at the ceremonial, and at its conclusion the flag was lifted from the altar by two boys attired in silver embroidered robes of white, and was kissed by each of the seventy boys in turn. It was then brought out by the priest, who said : 'We are met here under thrilling circumstances. We are about to raise the greatest emblem of justice and civilization on earth, next to the cross.' " THE national flag was "the greatest emblem of justice and liberty on earth, next to the cross," after it had re-ceived this Catholic blessing. After being thus Roman- ized, it was fit to be raised to the spire of the Catholic Church. If not so, what was this blessing for? Of course, the "blessing" amounted to nothing; other-wise the flag would be fit for nothing as the emblem of a free government. * A SHOEMAKER in Kansas City, Kan., says a dispatch to the St. Louis Globe-Democrat, of April 26, had a nar-row escape from lynching on account of what was con-strued by his neighbors to be a lack of patriotism. When the announcement came that war had been declared with Spain, he closed his shop, hung crepe on the door, and posted this notice: "Closed in memory of a Christian na-tion that descends to the barbarity of war." * THE result seems to have been not what he antici-pated. "In ten minutes," says the dispatch, "a vast crowd had gathered, the door was burst in, and in an-other minute Collins would have been dangling at a rope's end from the near-by telegraph pole. But the police rushed in and rescued Collins, and hustled him off to the police station, followed by a howling, shouting mob. Col-lins will be compelled to leave town to avoid the vengeance of the patriots." IF this account is true, as it seems, it clearly shows that there is in this country a sentiment of false patriot-ism which is the most dangerous enemy of that liberty of thought and speech which all true patriotism upholds. Every individual has a right to protest against the bar-barity of war and to point out the incongruity of war with the assumption that the nation going into it is Christian; and true patriotism does not deny the rights of the people. * WE have heard much in this country from certain ones about the horrors of the "Continental Sunday." The part which imagination, under the stimulus of reli-gious emotion, may play in such descriptions is suggested by some words that were uttered at the hearing at Win-nipeg on the proposed Sunday law for Manitoba. Mr. J. S. Ewart, Q. C., had spoken against the measure, on the ground that it was not needed. "Dr. Duval," says a Winnipeg daily, in its report, "then engaged Mr. Ewart in a lively skirmish on the Sunday of the United States and Mexico, and stated that that day in those countries was so desecrated that decent people did not care to live there. Mr. Ewart answered that this was due to other influences which were not at work in Canada." In the mind of this Canadian clergyman the horrors of the American Sunday evidently exceed those of the "Continental Sunday," as pictured by his brother clergy-men in the United States. Manitoba Workingmen on Sunday Legislation. AT the hearing recently given at Winnipeg, Manitoba, on the bill for Sunday legislation brought forward by Manitoba ecclesiastics for passage by the legislature, the workingmen of the city, through their representative, de-clared their antagonism to the proposed measure. The following from a Winnipeg daily gives the substance of the speech made by the workingmen's delegate:Š "Mr. W. Scott said he was present on behalf of the Trades and Labor Council and the Labor Party in the city. When these men's rights are assailed they generally make a good outcry. These men whom he represented are not asking amendments to the bill, but asking that it be dropped altogether. Those he represented repudi-ated the assertion made at the second reading of the bill, when it was said that those who opposed it were asking for a continental Sunday. It had been said by the spon-sor of the bill that this legislation was required to pre-vent the spread of secularism. What is secularism? Is it not a protest against certain creeds which clergymen themselves believe to be obsolete. By passing this act it would tend to the spread of secularism. The whole bill was class legislation. Why should a livery man be al-lowed to hire out a livery rig on Sunday, and the man who owned a few row boats on the river be prevented from hiring out his boats? He supposed it was bees use the livery rigs would be hired to drive people to church. In fact the whole bill was of the tendency to close every 