124 f'r14E AlVi8RICAN Religious Teaching in Secular Schools. THAT children should be taught relig-ion, which with us means the essential doctrines of Christianity, is a proposition advocated as strenuously by all classes of Protestants as it can be by the Romanists. The real question is, How can this best be done ? Our minds should not be diverted from this main point. Rome claims that this religious education should be not only co-ordinate with the secular, but inter-mingled with it in the instruction of each day, and should form a part of the school curriculum, and must be under the super-vision and control of her priests. In other words, that the State must provide for instruction in the tenets of each denomi-nation. She must do what she never has doneŠrecognize denominational distinc-tions in her public policy. Certainly, when so radical a change is demanded, very substantial and convincing reasons should be presented. It is not enough to appeal to denominational pref-erences or prejudices. It should be shown most clearly that such a method of com-bining the secular and religious in the same school, is the completest way of imparting religious truth. And to per-suade of this, we require more than phil-osophical argument. Facts should be ad-duced. We should inquire whether such a system has been tried; and what have been the results. I propose to show that the experiment has been made under cir-cumstances more favorable to success than we can inaugurate in this country, and that the-  result is such as by no means to encourage us. The idea which Rome ad-vances has been worked out in Prussia on a Protestant basis. And the statements I make are culled from a paper read before the Western College Association at Grin-nell, Iowa, December 27, 1882, by Prof. Hugh M. Scott, of the Chicago Theologi-cal Seminary. This is a paper which has not attracted the attention its importance deserves. . Let me present the principle. The fundamental idea, as in every German school system, is that the nation is Chris-tian in instincts, history, and aims, and therefore no plan of instruction is com-plete which does not include the thorough teaching of Christian doctrine and morals. Von Muhler, the Minister of Public In-struction, said in 1870:Š : An attempt to dissolve the intimate union be-tween culture and religion, between school and ChurchŠa union of more than a thousand years' giowthŠwould be an impossibility. This was proposed in 1848, but dropped because of opposition throughout the coun-try. The Constitution, he says, " determ-ines that religious instruction shall not be given apart from. the schools, but in the schools; and that the churches and relig-ious societies shall have a leading influence in giving such instruction. It desires to have confessional (denominational) dis-tinctions regarded as far as possible in the  schools. . . . We regard religious in-struction as an integral part of the sum total of school instruction. . . . The training of teachers is not to be separated from connection with the Church and re-ligious culture." A Government circular announces :Š It is the aim of the religious instruction in schools, in connection with the catechumen, and confirmation teaching, to help lead the youth to a living knowl-edge of their belonging to the kingdom of God on earth, and to evangelical church-fellowship in it. This is their theory of public schools, and this defines accurately the position of the Romish Church in our country. 2. Let me now sketch the plan by which this principle is carried into operation. Prussian educational institutions are di-vided into three classes --the common school, the high school, and the university. In the first, elementary religious instruc-tion is given by the ordinary teacher, preparatory to and in harmony with the more advanced curriculum of the high school. In the high schools, the Prussian system of teaching religion finds its most important field, and to those we shall restrict ourselves. Omitting much that would be very interesting as to the gen-eral methods of these schools, of which there are four grades, space requires that we be restricted to the plan of religious instruction. Religion is regarded as one of the regular studies of the course, and occupies the place of honor at the top of the list. All teachers must pass an exam-ination in religious knowledge. Teachers in the highest classes must stand an ex-amination in the contents of the Bible, the fundamental doctrines of faith and morals, Church history, New Testament Greek, and Hebrew. But these qualifications are acquired less often than formerly, so that in many cases the local clergy must undertake the religious instruction by sin-gle hours in school. In the lowest class, Bible narratives from the Old Testament to the times of the kings are taught from a book of Bible stories. The first part of the catechism, with Luther's explanations, is learned by heart, the second and third parts being committed to memory without the expla-nation. A certain selection of texts and hymns is given to be memorized. In the next class the New Testament narrative is to be learned in the same way, and the general division and order of the books of Scripture, catechism, and hymns are reviewed. In the next higher class, prominent por-tions of the Old and New Testaments are read and studied in their, connection, also the geography of Palestine. Catechism is reviewed, and the third part learned with Luther's explanations, and proof-texts. The fourth and fifth part are committed to memory. Hymns are reviewed and new ones learned. As occasion offers, the meaning of Church usages is to be taught. In the yet higher class a more advanced  course in biblical instruction is imparted. In addition to a review of hymns and texts already acquired, apostolic and Church history is begun. In the next class higher these studies are continued, and the his-tory of dogma is entered upon. The highest class takes up the exeget-ical study of the Gospel of John, and the epistles to the Romans, Galations, He-brews, and parts of the 1 Corinthians. The fundamental doctrines of faith and morals in their connection are taught, also an outline of creeds. The teaching in all these classes is ac-companied by proper devotional exercises, at least in form. These consist of singing, reading the Scriptures, and prayer. This is held every morning with the whole school. Each hour's work in the forenoon is to be begun with prayer. The school closes on Saturday at noon, usually with devotional exercises, including a short ad-dress by the principal. Teachers are di-rected to induce their pupils to attend public worship in church; also at the proper time to turn their thoughts toward the sacrament of the Lord's supper. A similar course is followed in the Roman Catholic religious teaching, with such modifications as their doctrines would re-quire. We have now an outline of the religious instruction in the Prussian school system. Thus the State maintains the compulsory religious, as well as secular, education of every child. It must be admitted that this scheme is well-nigh perfect. One more comprehensive and thorough can not easily be devised. It seems to meet every requirement of a complete religious education. It should lead into the fellow-ship of the Church, as it is designed to do. Fully complied with, it would fit the apt scholar almost to enter the ministry. And now we may well inquire- 3. What has been the result 2  This sys-tem has been in operation nearly one hun-dred years, and during all this period religion has declined, so that the skepti-cism and rationalism of Germany have become proverbial. In 1838, students of theology left the gymnasia so ignorant of the Scriptures that they could be put to shame by children. Teachers came in who regarded religion as only a moral department of the State; -in whose tuition, as Christlieb declares, "heathen classics and natural science are exalted, the Chris-tian belief constantly pulled down, or even ridiculed in the eyes of the pupils." " In most of our high schools the religious in-struction is given so badly that this is one of the chief causes of our common ration-alism, and the infidelity and religious in-difference amongst our educated classes," So writes the same high authority. This system, so admirably arranged, has failed to keep Prussia Christian except in name. It produced a formalism which made-every one a member of the church, but at the expense of vital piety. This 