6 THE A.1VIERICA_N SENTINEL. absence must be often supplied by public expresses; and, besides, while the mail-bags might rest, the mail-coaches would pursue their journey with their pas-sengers. The mail bears, from one extreme of the Union to the other, letters of relatives 'and friends, preserving a communion of heart between those far separated, and increasing the most pure and refined pleasures of our existence; also, the letters of com-mercial men convey the state of the markets, prevent ruinous speculations, and promote general as well as individual interest; they bear innumerable religious letters, newspapers, magazines, and tracts, which reach almost every house throughout this wide Re-public. Is the conveyance of these a violation of the Sabbath? The advance of the human race in intelligence, in virtue, and religion itself, depends in part upon the speed with which a knowledge of the past is dissem-inated. Without an interchange between one country and another, and between different sections of the same country, every improvement in moral and polit-ical science, and the arts of life, would be confined to the neighborhood where it originated. The more rapid and the more frequent this interchange, the more rapid will be the march of intellect and the progress of improvement. The mail is the chief means by which intellectual light irradiates to the ex-tremes of the Republic. Stop it one day in seven, and you would retard one-seventh of the advancement of our country. So far from stopping the mail on Sunday, the Com-mittee would recommend the use of all reasonable means to give it a greater expedition and a greater extension. What would be the elevation of our country if every new conception could be made to strike every mind in the Union at the same time ? It is not the distance of a Province or State from the seat of Government which endangers its separation; but it is the difficulty and infrequency of intercourse between them. Our mails reach Missouri and Arkan-sas in less time than they reached Kentucky and Ohio in the infancy of their settlements; and now, when there are three millions of people extending a thou-sand miles west of the Alleghany, we hear less of dis-content than when there were a few thousands scat-tered along their western base. To stop the mails one day in seven would be to thrust the whole Western country, and other distant parts of this Republic, one day's journey from the seat of Government. But, were it expedient to put an end to the trans-mission of letters and newspapers on Sunday because it violates the law of God, have not the petitioners begun wrong in their efforts? If the arm of Govern-ment be necessary to compel men to respect and obey-the laws of God, do not the State Governments possess infinitely more power in this respect? Let the pe-titioners turn to them, and see if they can induce the passage of laws to respect the observance of the Sab-bath; for, if it be sinful for the mail to carry letters on Sunday, it must be equally sinful for individuals to write, carry, receive, or read them. It would seem to require that these acts should be made penal to complete the system. Traveling on business or recre-ation, except to and from church; all printing, carry-ing, receiving, and reading of newspapers; all con-versations and social intercourse, except upon re-ligious subjects, must necessarily be punished to sup-press the evil. Would it not also follow, as an inev-itable consequence, that every man, woman, and child should be compelled to attend meeting? And, as only one sect, in the opinion of some, can be deemed or-thodox, must it not be determined by law which that is, and compel all to hear those teachers, and con-tribute to their support? If minor punishments would not restrain the Jew, or the Sabbatarian, or the infidel, who believes Sat-urday to be the Sabbath, or disbelieves the whole, would not the same system require that we should resort to imprisonment, banishment, the rack, or the fagot, to force men to violate their own 'consciences, or compel them to listen to doctrines which they abhor? When the State Governments shall have yielded to these measures, it will be time enough for Congress to declare that the rattling of the mail coaches shall no longer break the silence of this des-potism. It is the duty of this Government to afford anŠto Jew or Gentile, Pagan or ChristianŠthe protection  or advantages of our benignant institutions on Sunday as well as every day of the week. Although this Gov-ernment will not convert itself into an ecclesiastical tribunal, it will practise upon the maxim laid down by the Founder of ChristianityŠ that it is lawful to do good on the Sabbath day. If the Almighty has set apart the first day of the week as time-which man is bound to keep holy, and devote exclusively to his worship, would it not be more congenial to the precepts of Christians to appeal ex-clusively to the great Lawgiver of the universe to aid them in making men betterŠin correcting their prac-tic'es by purifying -their hearts? Government will protect them in their efforts. When they shall have so instructed the public mind, and awakened the con-sciences of individuals as to make them believe that it is a violation of God's law to carry the mail, open post-offices, or receive letters on Sunday, the evil of which they complain will cease of itself, without any exertion of the strong arm of the civil power. When man undertakes to become God's avenger, he becomes a demon. Driven by the frenzy of a religious zeal, he loses every gentle feeling, forgets the most sacred precepts of his creed, and becomes ferocious and un-relenting. Our fathers did not wait to be oppressed when the mother country asserted and exercised an uncon-stitutional power over them. To have acquiesced in the tax of three pence upon a pound of tea would have led the way to the most cruel exactions; they took a bold stand against the principle, and liberty and independence was the result. The petitioners have not requested Congress to suppress Sunday mails upon the ground of political expediency, but because they violate the sanctity of the first day of the week. This being the fact, the petitioners having indig-nantly disclaimed even the wish to unite politics and religion, may not the Committee reasonably cherish the hope that they will feel reconciled to its decision in the case; especially as it is also a fact that the counter-memorials, equally respectable, oppose the interference of Congress upon the ground that it would be legislating upon a religions subject, and therefore unconstitutional? Resolved, That the Committee be discharged from the further consideration of the subject. Thus stands the last recorded report of the national Congress upon Sunday legis-lation, a monument of our early liberality, statesmanship, and Christianity; and may those grand 'principles, which were then valued so highly, and which have made America the most liberal Government in the world, ever be cherished by the citi-zens of this Nation. W. A. BLAKELY. AN English paper says that the "Roman Catholic priests near Warsaw have been exiled to Siberia for the crime of Catho-lic propaganda.' The Russian authoiities have also forbidden the erection of new Roman Catholic Churches, or the repair-ing of old ones. Our Roman Catholic contemporaries very properly denounce this as religious persecution. What would they have to say, however, about Protest-ant propaganda in Spain or Mexico, which has been attended with similarly anti-Christian intolerance on the part of Ro-manists ? After all, the rule of Rome is that every one should tolerate her, and that she should tolerate no one. Only when she is herself persecuted does she feel the iniquity of this policy. So, too, many who call themselves Protestants exhibit the spirit of rendering to Roman-ists and others what they have themselves received at the hands of Rome in the past. The Golden Rule, and not the Roman rule, is the Christian's line of action." Sunday-Law Consistency. THE American Sabbath Union, whose chief aim is a national Sunday law, is just now giving special attention to California. Every effort is to be made to secure a State Sunday law for " poor California " this winter. The Union displays on its publications this threefold motto : "Arouse the people; educate the people; combine the people." The great concern for California is due to the fact that it is the only State in the Union that has no Sunday law. The Ter-ritories of Alaska, Idaho, and Arizona, have no Sunday laws, but California is the only State that is delinquent in this respect. It is not claimed that Sunday is more respected in most of the States than in California, in fact, it leaks out once in a while that there is a greater degree of Sunday reverence in this State than in many places where laws exist for the com-pulsory observance of the day. But it would seem from some of the arguments advanced that it is the idea of not having a law, a legal backing for the worship common to the day, that is so much to be regretted. We are confronted with the impression, somehow, that the worship on that day falls short of the mark because it is not compelled by the State. Yet these people who want a Sun-day law stoutly deny any desire for a Church and State Government. But every species of worship under provision of law is a Church and State principle just as far as it goes. And it is a principle that never says, " It is enough." It is bred of an appe-tite that is never satisfied,Šthe more it is fed the more it craves its favorite food. We are told that a Sunday law is not in-tended to compel people to worship on that day, but only to compel them to close their places of business and stop secular 'work. The people are not so much con-cerned about what is intended as they are about what is accomplished by such legis-lation. All closing of business or cessation of labor on Sunday is worship. If it be not worship of God, it is worship of Sun-day, which is idolatry. It may be com-pulsory; those who are thus compelled to observe the day may not desire to do so; then it becomes compulsory legal worship. There is no denying the fac't that all Sunday observance and all Sunday laws are based on the religious idea that Sun-day is a sacred day. But for that idea, there would be no Sunday observance of any kind, and no Sunday laws. Men who care nothing for the day personally, close business or stop work out of respect for the custom which a religious influence has brought about; or it may be on account of the religious impressions which they re-ceived in youth; and some seem to suppose that that much show of religion will, in a measure, make up for other religious short-comings. In either event, the act is a religious concession, at least, that th., day is sacred.. 