SEE NE DOLLAR WHAT It will secure for you immediate delivery of a complele set of eight superb volumes (nearly 4,000 pages, magnificently illustrated) of the latest, most practical and in every way the best general reference library in the English languageŠthe STANDARD AMERICAN ENCYCLOPEDIA You have a whole year to pay the balance in monthly amounts, so small you will not feel the outlay. 11  LARGE.; Karig 4,000 pages. Over 300 VOLUMES. Colored Maps, Charts and Diagrams. -:-:. Even Volume Mechanicallu Perfect. treating over 6o,000 topics (ro,000 more than any other encyclopedia), covering the entire field of human knowledge, thought and endeavor. FRESH FROM THE PRESS The NEW STANDARD AMERICAN EN. .CYCLOPEDIA is brought down to the present time, and contains hundreds of articles on subjects not treated in any other reference work. Another important feature in which it stands absolutely alone is its very full Appendixes, which embrace over ioo sub-divisions, including a Biographical Dictionary, a Dictionary of Technical Terms, a Gazetteer of the United States, Statistics of Presidential Elections, State and Territorial Elections, Reli iioffs Summaries, Statistics of the Population of the World, and a Veritable Mine of Other Information on thous-ands of subjects of universal interest and importance, written in such simple language that even a child can readily understand. THREE GREAT AUTHORITIES SAY : "There is no work in the world that can compare with Is." ŠNew i ork Herald. "It stands ready to answer any question."ŠBishop Jowl H. VINCENT, D.D., LL.D. With over 3,5oo engravings, of superb quality and wonderful variety, including numerous engraved portraits of distinguished Poets, Authors, Physicians, Chemists, Philosophers, and Scientists, and with over 300 new maps and charts from **VERY LATEST EXPLORATIONS and SURVEYS, delineating Continents, Empires, tries, States, Cities, Towns, Citadels, Solar, Lunar, and Planetary Systems and portion of the known world, and forming a Complete and Indexed Atlas of the globe. THE' STAN AMERICAN is the best illustrated and the best mapped Encyclopedia in the English Language  OUR GREAT INTRODUCTORY OFFER To secure widespread and favorable publicity for THE NEW STANDARD AMERICAN ENCYCLOPEDIA. we have decided to place a few introductory sets in each community throughout the country for comparison with all other reference works as to_plea scope, lateness of treatment and general practical' and educational value. We feel that every set will create a demand for others. While the distribution will be general in extent, it will last for a limited time only, after which our regular subscription sale will begin, at prices ranging from $48 to $72 a set, according to style of binning. Now, however, to quickly and thoroughly introduce the work, as above stabil, we make the price merely nominal (about the cost of paper and printing), the distribution being LIMITED TO A VERY FEW WEEKS. MAW-ing the privilege of withdrawing the offer at any time when we consider a sufficient number of these introductory sets, at the special price, have been distributed. SEND $1.00 to THE ENCYLOPEDIA PUBLISHING CO., rss Fifth Avenue, New York City, std will OUR GREAT be forwarded to you The balance is payable at the rate of $t.so monthly for one year, or about 3 seats. day. If you prefer the half-Morocco binding, the monthly payment will be $2.00, mullet' full sheep, es.so SPECIAL OFFER. a full set of eight volumes of THE NEW STANDARD AMIERIOAN secretor anis, in cloth binding serviceable, and will last a lifetime. If not entirely satisfactory any, set may be returned within ton per month for one year. We recommend the half-Morocco style, which is particularly elegant and  days and money will be promptly refunded. Owing to the nominal price at which these introductory seta are supplied, transportation charges must be paid by the purchaser ; but our entire confidence that the volumes will be gladly received and cheerfully paid for is shown by sending a $48.00 set of books on an advance payment of only $1.00. We also feel that you will their-mighty appreciate this great work and speak favorably of it to others. Each set weighs boxed nearly so pounds, and will be shipped by freight unless otherwise ordered. We refer you to the publishers of this paper. Please mention it when writing. Send two-cent stamp for postage on twenty-two page illustrated pamphlet with sample pages, colored map, andportraits of famous inventors. Ł Address 1.5 a  The Encyclopedia Publishing Co., NEW YORK. N. Y. FIFTH AVENIJI. %,16111"1"1" "The Standard American Encyclopedia is esŁ .p.t. Uy suited to private families. Its tables, maps of countries and cities. Summaries of Useful Knowledge, etc., snake it a most valet able book of reference. I cordially commend into the pebble:" EDWARD BROOKS, Superintendent of Schools, Philadelphia. , secures IMMEDIATE POSSESSION of the neer* set Fore  a Limited Time OnlgŠ ONE DOLLAR of 8 volumes. Balance payable $1.50 monthly for Just to introduce the work one year. You thus at once secure this splendid set of books for continued use and enjoyment. It Tithe One Great, Practical Refereimo Library for the Professional and Business Man, the Teacher, the Student, the Farmer, Artisan, and Mechanic. The Only Encyclopedia Strictly "Up to Date." SUE OF VOLUME : 2 ins. Thick. 8)4 ins. Wide. 11N ins. Long. A COMPLETE LIBRARY For daily use in your home or office. THE STANDARD AMERICAN is prepared by JOHN CLARK RIDPATH, LL.D. author of " Ridpath's Histories," etc., assisted by a large corps of editors and over roo emi-nent scholars and specialists. A SUPERB REFERENCE WORK MAGNIFICENTLY 1..LLUSTRATED tig(AJOHOLJT 