AMERICAN SENTINEL. 555 Who Made the Trouble? Some Questions. What is an "unalienable right"? 2. What is the difference between right and a right? Has any person a right to do wrong? Can Proper Sabbath Observance Be Enforced by Law ? LET us look at the question a moment. What is the Sabbath?ŠA day set apart by Jehovah for religious wor-ship. How must it be observed? Christ in John 4:24 says, "God is a Spirit; and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." First of all we want to clearly and distinctly under-stand that no service is acceptable to God that does not come from the heartŠthat is not done willingly and gladly. Now true Sabbath-keeping is something more than just to refrain from physical labor on that day in strict compliance with the letter of the law. The person who truly observes the Sabbath does so because he loves to do as God commands, and through this cheerful, will-ing obedience he is led to view Jehovah as he isŠthe Cre-ator of the heavens and the earth and all that they-contain. But suppose a man should say, "I don't believe in God. I don't believe one day is any better than another, and therefore I see no necessity of esteeming any one day above another?" Has he not a right to this opinion? Surely he has, just as much as any one else has to believe God to be the being the Bible describes him to be. Now suppose, in compliance with a law of the land, this same man should refrain from work on the Sabbath dayŠgo to church and to all outward appearance act just like those who were true worshipers. Is that heart worship? No; because he doesn't believe in it. How does the Bible say God regards that kind of service? Read Romans 14:23: "For whatsoever is not of faith is sin." Then Sabbath-keeping by this man, without a change of heart, would be to him sin, and "the wages of sin is death." Such a man would be pretending by his actions to believe a thing in which he had no faith, and such a person we call a hypocriteŠone of the most despised of all men. Therefore it is absolutely impossible for the civil law Šwhich takes cognizance only of outward acts and not the thoughts and intents of the heartŠto enforce true Sabbath-keeping, and when it tries to do so it can only make hypocrites. w. E. C. "MAMA, here is a picture of a prophet and a king, and the king is saying to the prophet, 'Art thou he that troubleth Israel?' What had the prophet done to make trouble?" Mrs. Ross thought a moment, and then said, "That must be Elijah you are thinking of; but before I answer your question, I want you to hand me the Bible, and I'll read you the prophet's answer. 'And he answered, I have not troubled Israel, but thou, and thy father's house, in that ye have forsaken the commandments of the Lord, and halt followed Baalim.' " "0, then, it was not the prophet that made the trouble, and the king was wrong in blaming him ; was he, mama?" "Yes; it was Ahab himself that had brought the trouble on the people by forsaking God, and breaking his commandments." "How did it bring trouble, mama?" "In the same way that it always brings trouble for people to forsake the commandments of God. In forsak ing God and his law, they cut themselves off from the source of love, as I have often told you before. The law says, `Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart . . . and thy neighbor as thyself.' The love of God alone will enable one to love his neighbor as himself, and make him carry out the Golden Rule that says, `As ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them.' This is the law. Ahab had forsaken this princi-ple, and led others to do the saline, until great trouble was in the land. He married a very wicked woman called Jezebel, who was an idolator. She served self, and had that idol represented in a god called Baal. Baal was. the name of the sun-god. She was a sun-worshiper." "And was it very bad to worship the sun? What harm could it do, mama, to bow down to the sun?" "To this sun-god thepeople ascribed human passions, so that the sun-god was only a representative of them-selves, and in reality it was self-worship. In the worship of the sun, they did the vilest kind of things, and broke every commandment of God, corrupting themselves in the name of religion. They got drunk, were gluttons, commited adultery, bore false witness, coveted, and broke the Sabbath. They went to great lengths in their wicked worship." "But, mama, we read of people doing these same things to-day without being sun-worshipers." "Self-worship is the same thing, and the world is full of it," said Mrs. Ross. "But how did it trouble Israel? Israel were God's people. They did not need to be troubled by all this, did they? Couldn't they do right even if others did do wrong?" "Yes, certainly. There's nothing on earth to hinder people from doing right. But for all this wicked men and women can make it very hard and painful to do right." 