68 THE A.NIEFICAN SENTINEL. The State to Enforce Church Disci- pline. THE National Presbyterian, January, 1889, in an editorial entitled, "The Church and the Sun-day Newspaper," said:Š " The responsibility of the church for the con-tinued existence of the Sunday newspaper, is be-ginning to attract the attention of thoughtful men. It is a fact which it is idle to attempt to conceal, that it is sustained by the patronage of the members of the evangelical churches. It is the support given them by this class, and this alone, that makes it practicable to continue the publica-tion of these papers. The responsibility, then, of this great and growing evil is with the church." Similar statements are very often made. That the churches are the greatest Sunday breakers is quite generally admitted. It is a fact that the first Sunday excursion train was run at the re-quest of ministers 'and church people. In Our Day, January, 1889, there is an article by Prof. W. G. Ballantine, of Oberlin, Ohio, which is wholly devoted to a statement of how members of churches in the East disregard the Sunday when they are on pleasure excursions in the West. In that he makes it apparent that professed Sunday-keep-ing Christians are responsible for a large part of the business that is done on Sunday. He says :Š "There can never be a Sabbath in Colorado until Eastern Christians have more conscience. They give the lie, when they go there, to the teachings of the home missionaries whom they support there." These testimonies might be duplicated many times over, but they are sufficient for the purpose of our argument. Read them again carefully before you go further. Mark well the statement of the National Presbyterian, that the Sunday newspaper, which is regarded as a synonym for the rankest kind of Sunday desecration, "is sus-tained by the patronage of the members of the evangelical churches. It is the support given them by this class, and this alone, that makes it practicable to continue the publication of these papers." It is to stop just such things as this that Sun-day laws are wanted. Everybody knows that whenever a speech is made urging the necessity for a Sunday law, the Sunday excursion and the Sunday newspaper are set forth as equal to the saloon in desecrating the day. Now take partic-ular note of this point:-- 1. Since, by the admission of the representatives of the churches, it is church members who are re-sponsible for the greater part of the Sunday dese-cration, it is evident that if church members kept Sunday strictly, the amount of Sunday business and pleasure would be reduced to a minimum. 2. Since these church members do by the very act of becoming church members pledge them-selves to observe Sunday as a rest day, it is evi-dent that in violating Sunday they are violating a rule of the church, and are proper subjects for church discipline. The National Presbyterian makes this very emphatic. 3. Therefore it is evident, further, that when these churches call for State and National laws to enforce Sunday observ-ance, they are simply asking the civil power to enforce the rules of the church, and to execute church discipline. Let the reader judge if this is not a legitimate conclusion. We know that it cannot be fairly disputed. And therefore the enactment and en-forcement of Sunday laws does mark the consum-mation of the union of Church and State. No different state of things from this ever existed in the middle ages. The church then declared who  were heretical, and the civil power executed the penalty upon them. That is what the American Sunday Union is asking to-day, that the Govern-ment shall enforce one of the laws of the church. And so by the evidence which they themselves furnish, they are working to secure an exact re-production of the Papacy. No wonder they find Cardinal Gibbons willing to co-operate with them. But they will say that many States have Sun-day laws and have had them for a long time, and yet there have been no such terrible results as would naturally follow a union of Church and State. To this we reply: (1) That these laws have been largely inoperative. It is this very fact which makes the American Sunday Union call for a National Sunday law. They want a National law to give efficiency to the State laws. Therefore it is not to be expected that we should have seen the full effect of Sunday laws. (2) But even with the manifest disadvantage which the Union claims, of having no National law to give force to the State laws, we have seen such results from Sunday laws in some States, notably in Arkansas and Tennessee, that we have no de-sire to see the union of Church and State made any more complete. If State Sunday laws can get in such deadly work now, what would they not do with a National law back of them to make them " efficient" ? We leave the reader to solve the problem. E. J. W. ., Ł lir Pleading for a State Religion. ON Friday, February 15, a delegation from New York, New Jersey, and Philadelphia, ap-peared- before the Senate Committee on Educa-tion and Labor to urge the passage of the Blair Educational Amendment to the Constitution. Dr. Stevenson, of Philadelphia, spoke in behalf of the National Reformers, Dr. King, of New York, for the Evangelical Alliance. Were it not for the serious nature of the ques-tion under discussion, it would be really amusing to note the conflicting theories advanced as rea-sons why the proposed amendment to the Con-stitution should be adopted. Dr. Stevenson thought that the change ought to take place in order to stop the growing sentiments of Liberal-ism and Catholicism, but his chief objection was against the doctrines of the Catholic Church. Under a system of close questioning by Senator George, of Mississippi, he admitted that there were over 7,000,000 Catholics who would be compelled to surrender their rights of conscience by such a change, and also a " vast, indefinite following " of Liberals whose freedom of thought would be invaded. "But," said he, "there is no other course open. Neutrality in matters of re-ligion is impossible." It was plainly evident from his speech that the Reverend Doctor is in favor of coercing the minority to yield their religious, or non-religious, principles, as they may happen to hold, to the dogmas of those who happen to be in the major-ity. This seems all right to him, because he stands on the popular side of the question. But he did not condescend to state how the question would be affected in his mind if, by some turn in the wheel of fortune, the other side should happen to become the majority, and have the power to change at will the religious complexion of the Nation, and oblige him, because found on the side of the minority, to yield his convictions of religious truth, and his duty to God, to the dictates of the Inajority. Could he but place  himself for a brief space in that position, it may be that he would then see the injustice of the re-sult he now seeks to obtain. Dr. King's hobby was the growing demand of the Catholics for a portion of the school fund to be applied to their parochial schools. He thought the proposed amendment would cure that evil, because if it were to become a law, every child in the United States, between the ages of six and six-teen years, would be compelled to attend a school where the religious views taught would be regu-lated by the Government instead of one's con-victions received from the religious teachers of any one denomination. It was also a startling thought to him that Catholicism was assuming such proportions as to be able to secure the vo-racious demands of the church. " What we want," said he, "is a Christianity taught in our public schools, which is not founded on any par-ticular tenets." But the logic of the learned gentleman did not lead him to announce what effect the power of Catholicism would have in moulding the "principles of Christianity" to be taught in the public schools, in case the amendment should be ratified in due form. He of course knows that these millions of Catholics are American citizens just as much as are Protestants, and as such are entitled to as much respect in every way as any others. Should a school system be inaugurated such as is proposed in the contemplated bill, would not these same Catholics be entitled to recognition in framing the "principles of Chris-tianity" to be taught in the schools? And if, as Dr. King affirmed, their power is now sufficient to give them what they demand, would they not wield a large influence in settling what should be taught in the schools as the "principles of Chris-tianity"? Does it not follow, then, that instead of the proposed amendment obviating the present d fficulty between Protestants and the demands of Catholics, they would be greatly enhanced? Surely he must be willingly lacking in discern-ment who cannot see the logical sequence of such a movement. Some may go so far as to say that Catholics, Jews, and others should be excluded from the counsels of those who would arrange text-books for Na-tional schools under the proposed amendment. To say nothing of the injustice of such a course, would it help the situation? Would 7,000,000 or more Catholics, and over half a million Jews, all of whom have children to be influenced by the law, tamely submit to such dis-respect ? If such a course were to be taken, it would only create disrespect, and even hatred, on the part of the offended, toward the public teach-ers and the Government which sustained them, and the result would` be religious strife and per-haps bloody discord. In other words, the his-tory of the Dark Ages would be repeated. It is worse than folly to talk of having the " principles of Christianity" taught without bring-ing in any particular tenets. What are the principles of the Christian religion but particular tenets of faith ? The principles of the Christian religion surely embrace the doctrines of repent-ance, baptism, the Lord's Supper, and many oth-ers, which now cause endless discussion. If these are taught at all, " particular tenets " must be taught and enforced to the exclusion of others which may be considered obnoxious by those who prepare the text-books. The two speakers mentioned were followed by Dr. Morris, of New Jersey. He seemed to-dis- 