XOVEMEER 16, 1893. A.,M11R.LIL-tICA.Tc SnIvriNvar_40 357 that the burning words uttered by men in their presence, warning against these things, were sent home to them by some mighty power with unwonted force and clearness. That power was the Holy Spirit, then warning them before they followed in the steps of the Supreme Court and sold religious liberty for a few pieces of the fleeting favor of man. Yet, in face of all these solemn warnings they presump-tuously did the very thing they were warned of God not to do. Congress thus says it knows more than God, and do as it may, all will come out gloriously, not-withstanding God says in his Word that such a course means ruin. The sop has been deliberately received, and as it was with Judas so it will be with those who, having received the sop, go immediately out to do what they do quickly, Satan having entered into them. Supposing themselves to be serving GodŠfor they have hired themselves out to the fallen churchesŠthey are under the wrong leader, in the form of an "angel of light." As that fallen religious system cared nothing for Judas and his sorrow after he had served its purpose, in like manner all the professed love of these apostate sys-tems now amounts to nothing; for they will desert and be powerless to save those who have served them,Šbut then comes the end. Then the cup is full, and God arises with justice. In view of the blazing light upon the true'Sabbath (seventh day and other warnings which have been spurned and set aside to exalt into the place of God the false institution of Sunday and kindred errors, God's anger burns against the guilty. Just as surely as He sits upon a throne in power and justice, He will arise and lay bare the foundation of this wick-edness. His word has gone forth, and it will be fulfilled. It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of God without a shelter. Christ is our only refuge and shelter. Those who exalt these rival claims set at naught the lowly Man of Nazareth, who is soon to come again, and although, as the deluded Jews thought that God was with them in Jerusalem at its destruction, men now presume to be-lieve Jesus is in the exaltation of Sunday; yet, when too late, they will discover, as did the Jews, that their house is left unto them desolate,Šand utter ruin follows. It is not too late for individuals to flee for refuge and mercy to Christ. But, like Lot, it now means haste with no looking back. Delay not, but hasten to plant your feet on the solid Rock of eternal truth, and live. T. E. BOWEN. No Consistent Sunday Law Possible. THE following is from Lloyd's Weekly London Newspaper, of the 8th ult. :Š The Lowestoft Standard is constrained to say a 'word or two with regard to the prosecution of Frederick Leach, the Kirkley news-agent and tobac-conist. Leach has been breaking the law by open-ing his shop on Sunday, and as a result has been twice fined by the magistrates. He feels himself hardly treated, and that not without reason. You see in the same town a man fined for selling a Lloyd's paper in his shop, whilst Salvationists are allowed to hawk the War Cry about the streets and to turn their place of worship into a news-agent's shop with impunity. There is another aspect of the case with respect to the boats which during the season ply for hire on Sundays. Their proprietors are not sum-moned, although the act forbids the use of any boats or barge on the Lord's day. Then why should Leach be punished ? Again, there are those grocers in the town who possess beer licenses. Why should they not be summoned for selling other articles on Sundays ? Why should two restaurants be permit.  ted to open ? The act is simply absurd. A publi-can may sell tobacco on Sunday, whilst a regular to-bacconist may not. A Salvationist may hawk papers, whilst a recognised news-agent may not ; and some few people may imagine the act to be a good one, whilst other may not. There is an evident inconsistency in the law, but that is not the thing against which complaint should be made. The trouble is with the existence of any Sun-day law. There never has been, and never can be, a consistent Sunday law. Sunday laws are arbitrary and inconsistent simply because they have no shadow of foundation in right and justice. In the first place the observance of Sunday in any way is contrary to the law of God, and therefore to compel men to observe it, is to -compel men to sin ; and in the second place, to compel men to rest even on the Sabbath of the Lord, is contrary to God's law, and so Sunday laws are evil in prin-ciple and in application.ŠPresent Truth, London, Eng. Nature and Effect of American Sunday Laws.* THE origin, growth and persistence of the conception which finds its embodiment in what are known as " Sunday laws," would, if analyzed by a competentŠand, therefore, of course, an impartialŠstudent, form a most curious and interesting chap-ter in the History of IdeasŠa work, by the way, which, notwithstanding the labors of Lecky, Buckle and others, yet remains to be written. Only the ignorant or the intellectually dishonest contend for what is called the " holiday theory " of these lawsŠthe idea of a " holiday " enforced by a fine being palpably absurd, and the combined prohi-bition of play and work essential to the completeness of every Sunday law suffi-ciently refuting the suggestion that such laws are passed with any reference what-ever to a " holiday," or concern for the benefits thereof. Sunday laws, then, are recognized by all who know, and are avowed by all who combine knowledge with intellectual hon-esty to be simply and solely embodiments of a religious dogma in the statute law. Some courts have undertaken to sustain them as exercises of the "police power," the limits whereof, it is said, are "hard to define." The proposition admits that this power is limited ; and, unless this be conceded, we are stranded on the rock of paternalism, and there is no distinction between the American and the Russian polity. It is submitted that the police power of a free government has a limit, rather than " limits," and that there is no difficulty whatever about the definition of this limit, though it may be a task of some delicacy, in a given instance, to de-termine whether it has or has not been exceeded. A free government is a government of law. All law deals with relations. Hu-man law deals with the relation of indiv-idual citizens to each other, and to the great corporation, or ideal entity, the State. Hence, a government ceases to be free and becomes paternal and despotic when it undertakes to regulate or interfere with individual conduct without reference to these relations. This, then, is the limit of the police power in a free StateŠit can restrain or constrain the citizen with refer-ence, and with reference only, to the effect * By James T. Ringgold, member of the Baltimore Bar, and author of " The Law of Sunday," etc., etc. of his conduct on other people or on the State. It cannot control him in any man-ner or to any extent whatever with the slightest reference to the effect of his con-duct upon his own personal welfare. Un-less we concede this limit of the police power, we can have no limit whatever. Now, Sunday laws stand absolutely alone in our jurisprudence, in that they transcend this limit of the police power of a free government. They are the only attempts that have ever been made by American legislatures to regulate the con-duct of citizens without any reference whatever to the effect of that conduct on other people or on the State. Sunday work and Sunday play are punishable by fine or imprisonment, though it cannot be pretended that they affect the State in any wise, and though no individual can be found to testify that he was disturbed or deprived of any civil right thereby. It follows that Sunday laws are passed to enforce on the individual the performance of a duty entirely dissociated from his relations to the State or to other individ-uals. That duty concerns his relations with Deity. It is a religious duty. All religious duties are matters of dogma. A Sunday law, therefore, is not an exercise of the police power, but a religious dogma embodied in a statute. That dogma is that it is a Christian duty to abstain from play and work on Sunday. Its origin is curious enough. There is plenty of evidence that the Founder of Christianity and the Apostles " observed " the " Sabbath day " or Sat-urday, and knew Sunday only as " the first day of the week." But there was a deep-rooted idea among the early Chris-tians that the Master would soon return to earth, and that he would return on the morning of Sunday at the hour of the resurrection. This gave rise to the prac-tice of assembling at that hour, in order to be " prepared to meet him." The believers being assembled, prayer and praise naturally followed. Thus, gradu-ally, a certain sanctity came to attach to Sunday in the Christian mind. In Con-stantine's time there were a large number of " sun-worshipers " Š among the sub-jects of the empire. With these, also, Sun-day was a sacred day. That astute and conscienceless ruler sought to conciliate the followers of Christ(?) and Mithra, the sun-god, at the same time, by promulgat-ing the first " Sunday law " ever known. It required " rest " of the "judges and people of the cities," only, and expressly excepted agricultural laborers from its provisions. While it flattered the Chris-tian bishops, by establishing to some ex-tent for Sunday the regulation prescribed for Saturday by the fourth command-ment, it professed to honor the day from the standpoint of Mithraicism onlyŠdes-cribing it as " the venerable day of the sun." Other edicts of emperors and popes, referring to Sunday " observance," were issued from time to time. But, in a general way, it may be said that the day was on a level in dignity with " saints' days " and other festival occasions every-where, and in many places it was less reg-ulated than some other commemorative occasions. This state of things continued till the seventeenth century, when puritanism came to the front in Scotland and England. " To their immortal honor," says one of their eulogists, the English Puritans de-vised that extraordinary " institution," " Our American Sunday." All of our 