AMERICAN SENTINEL. 313 tended every person in Rhode Island shall be bound by these new regulations, it must be intended that no per-son in the State shall be bound by the Lord's regula-tions, and that these regulations are to be set aside, reŁ pealed by the higher law(!) of man. And since when one power assumes to set aside the law of another power, there is a plain assumption of superiority by that power, it is plain that by this petition the legislature of Rhode Island is asked to set itself above God. Will these legis-lators do this thing that is asked of them? Surely they will not if they understand the nature of the request. The bill contains many exceptions to its prohibition of business throughout the day. Numerous lines of busi-negA, most of which could be excused only on the ground of convenience, are allowed to go on as usual before 10 o'clock, A. M. and after 4 o'clock P. M. This part of the bill presents it in strong contrast with the law of the "Lord of the Sabbath," which prohibits all secular busi-ness during the day throughout its entire length. We are to choose between the wisdom of God and the wisdom of man. It is true the Sabbath law of God and this proposed law of man refer to different daysŠone to the seventh day, the other to the first day; but both cover the ground of Sabbath observance; both refer to the ob-servance of the Lord's day. One says, "the Sabbath of the Lord," the other says, "the Lord's day;" and as 'the Sabbath of the Lord" must be the Lord's, and there is but one "Lord's day," it is clear that the principles involved in Sunday legislation are not affected by this difference in days; only in commanding a different day from that sanctified by the Lord the principle of usurp-ation of God's prerogatives is carried to its farthest limit. The last feature of the billŠthe exemption clauseŠis an evidence of the good will of its framers toward ob-servers of the seventh day, but does not help the bill any from the standpoint of reason and consistency. It is provided that those people shall be exempted from its requirements who conscientiously believe in the seventh day as the Sabbath, and do observe it as such. These must therefore conscientiously observe the seventh day as the Sabbath, or be fined if they work on Sunday. The bill therefore, to them, simply amounts to a require-ment that they observe the seventh day of the week. It is meant to require the observance of the first day, and it actually, to many, requires the observance of the sev-enth. It is meant to regulate the observance of the Lord's day, and it requires the observance of two differ-ent days! It is meant to.  exempt seventh day observers, and it actually requires more of them than of any others, since it requires them to ()beer* the seventh day "con-scientiously." People may be conscientious or not, as they choose, in their observance of Sunday; but people who observe the seventh day must do it conscientiously. In addition, they must not "disturb" anybody on Sun- day; and it requires very little indeed to "disturb" some people on that day. In view of all this, is it not plain that no such bill as this ought to pass the legislature of Rhode Island, or of any other State? No legislature ought to be asked to usurp the prerogatives of God, or to pass a bill that is unjust, illogical, and unreasonable. We do not believe the Rhode Island legislature wants to pass such a bill, and we hope this body will make this clearly known to all promoters of such legislation when its fate is deter-mined by their vote. "Demands of the National Honor." PROF. WILLIAM BENJAMIN SMITH, of the Tulane Uni-versity, of Louisiana, expresses some pertinent truths regarding the Philippine question in the following recent letter to the New Orleans Picayune:Š "Under pretense of rights acquired first by war, then by treaty, in the sacred name of humanity, but really in the lust of gold and thirst for commerce, we have in-vaded and are trying to subjugate by the combined de-vices of civilized and savage warfare a foreign and unof-fending people, who not only have never in any wise wronged us, but who are geographically and otherwise incapable of wronging us so long as we behave ourselves and merely forbear to wrong them. This unprovoked invasion and attempted conquest these brave people are resisting to the best of their poor ability. We admit our deep-dyed guiltiness and yet we persist. We know the right and we approve it, too; we know the wrong and still the wrong pursue. That is indeed a very old story, but it is new, alarmingly new, to hear that the national honor demands it. "We are burning, looting, ravaging, maiming, slaughteringŠnot only armed soldiers, but unarmed and defenseless prisoners as well; we are drenching an alien soil with the blood of its own inhabitantsŠits only right-ful possessors; we are spreading want and woe, ruin and wretchedness over a populous region; we are making a solitudeŠthat we may call it peaceŠof the towns and villages of a people whose only crime is patriotism and love of liberty. All this, we admit, is wrongŠterribly, cruelly wrongŠbut we proclaim to the world that we will never cease from wrong-doing, though it take a hun-dred years to effect the impious conquest; nay, though we have to exterminate the patriots we cannot subdue, and all because forsooth 'the national honor demands' it! Will you tell us, Mr. Editor, what is this modern moloch, the national honor, that demands in sacrifice not only thousands of American lives, the peace and happiness of myriad American homes, but a whole race of brave, if only semi civilized, of patriotic and of inof-fensive islanders, almost as unrelated to us as the inhab-itants of the moon? Is it anything else thanheadstrong conceit, overweening pride, and inordinate vanity? Is it aught else better than an itching palm, the unholy cov-eting of fertile plains and metalliferous mountains? "If not, and-if such be the base idol we are worship-ing, the sooner broken the better. We are waging one of the most cruel and iniquitous wars that ever disgraced 