572 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. amendment was a necessary outcome of the war. It only put into words the truth for which the war had been fought. Now we are told that this amendment is the "most colossal political mistake" the nation ever made. How can this be true if the electioh of Abraham Lincoln to the Presidency on the slavery issue, and the war which followed, were not also colossal political mistakes? The fi'fteenth amendment is a part of the Consti-tution, and the language quoted is an open attack on the Constitution. And how much longer will there remain in such quarters even a pretence of re-gard for the Constitution as it now stands? THE opening up of China by the forces of civil-ization is likely to result in agreat outflow of Chinese,  into surrounding parts of the world. Already vast numbers of Chinese are going north into Russian territory by means of the new railway system Rus-sia has extended into Chinese territory, and the Rus-sian authorities are considering what can be done to stop them. There are probably no people on earth that can compete as laborers with the Chinese. .4 .4 THE Catholic Mirror says: "Of wars and rumors of war there seems no end. Will the twentieth cen-tury begin as did the nineteenth, in carnage and slaughter? The outlook in the East, and in other points, too, is certainly not promising for an era of peace and international amity." .4 .4 RELIGIOUS freedom and religious legislationŠthe lamb and the wolfŠcan not both exist together in the same fold. DEPARTING FROM AMERICAN PRINCIPLES. What Prominent Americans Are Saying. A REGRETFUL glance backward is permissible, but the American people have crossed the Rubicon of imperial responsibility.ŠDernetrious C. Boulger, in North American Review. .4 .0 The statement found in the Declaration of Inde-pendence that " all men are created equal is not true. The statement that all governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed is not true, and never has been.Š William D. Foulke, of Indiana. The truth is, the fifteenth amendment [to the Con-stitution] is the most colossal political mistake ever made in the United States. In the States where the ne-groes are numerous it is now practically nullified. Ex-perience has shown the nullification to be necessary. It is nothing less than a hideous doctrine that all per-sons have an equal right to- participate in government on equal terms, or that self-government' or consent of the governed' requires the acceptance or applica-tion of this doctrine. Our people have practically changed their opinions on this subject since the fif-teenth amendment was adopted; for, throughout the Northern States scarcely a voice is now lifted against this wholesale disfranchisement of the ne-groes in the South.ŠPortland Oregonian. .4 .4 CONSIDERABLY more than a century ago a certain notable declaration was made in this country to the that all men ought to be.free and indepen-This is merely a generalization of the French school of Voltaire and the encyclopedists. It is a dictum absolutely lacking foundation in history and incapable of syllogistic justification. It was, how-ever, a handy phrase for us to employ when assert-ing our right to break away from the mother coun-try; it suited the exigencies of our situation in 1776 admirably, though in itself but a bit of sublimated demagogism. The declaration was a serviceable means to the'end that was at that time desired. To bring forward this declaration in this year, 1900, in connection with our treatment of the Filipinos and Cubans, is as gross an absurdity as ever was prac-ticed.ŠUnited States Investors' Review, Boston. .4 .9 BARON RUSSELL, of Killowen, late Lord Chief Justice of England, in an address to the American Bar Association in 1896, defined " civilizatian in its true, its highest sense," thus: " Its true signs are thought for the poor and suffering, chivalrous re-gard and respect for woman, the frank recognition of human brotherhood, irrespective of race or color or nation or religion, the love of ordered freedom, abhorrence of what is mean and cruel and vile, cease-less devotion to the claims of justice." This is true effect Christian civilization, and not that civilization which dent. is but a thin veneer over barbarism. 