276 AMERICAN SENTINEL. it is perfectlycertain that there is not a Methodist bishop -in all the United States between whom and President McKinley there is such a "close and cordial friendship" as to gain for said Methodist bishop a position or knowl-edge that would enable him to send "hourly bulletins," ,or perhaps any bulletins at all, of the attitude of the Administration? How is it that ecclesiastically or other-wise there is a more "close and cordial friendship" be-tween a Methodist and a Roman Catholic archbishop, -than there is between that same Methodist and any Methodist bishop? Of course everybody knows that this "close and cor-.dial friendship" of the archbishop's, is altogether politi-cal and solely because of political advantage. Everybody knows that it is the archbishop's political power which was exerted at the St. Louis Convention and through -the campaign of 1896, that makes "the close and cordial friendship" between him and "President McKinley and his whole cabinet" and which made him "a fit instrument through which negotiations could be conducted" that could not be conducted at all by Martinelli. Martinelli is an Italian and has no standing in American politics yet. All of which demonstrates that the greatest Roman Catholic official in the United States out of politics, has not the power and therefore is not so dangerous to the United States, as was, and is, a subordinate Roman Catholic official who is in politics. And this is equally -true of every other ecclesiastical connection in the United States. No ecclesiastic or religionist of any kind can do -the mischief out of politics that any one can do in poli-tics. Therefore the eternal principle is, and this papal trick lately played is a forcible illustration of it, that -ecclesiastics and religionists of every sort should forever keep out of politics. And when it had been "determined that the close and -cordial friendship which existed," etc., "made him a fit instrument," etc., the result was that "In view of this he received a formal letter from Cardinal Rampolla, papal secretary of state, authorizing him to represent the pope. This was presented to Judge Day, and semi-official rela-tions began." It is then a fact that the Secretary of State of the ;United States has formally received "a formal letter" from the "papal secretary of state," appointing a representa-tive of the pope "through which negotiations could be -conducted" with the Government of the United States in -an affair with another nation. Accordingly the arch-bishop's statement proceeds: "Since that time Archbishop Ireland has been in communication with Europe. Through him the official texts of the concessions which Spain was willing to make for the sake of peace, have been laid be-fore this Government, and before the European ambassa-dors. The composite news of the situation has been ,cabled to him, and by him disseminated." The pope and his representative to the United States Government did not succeed in securing a peace to per-petuate the papal power and revenue in Spanish en-slaved Cuba. But they didŁ succeed in getting what the  papacy for years has been working forŠthe formal re-ceiving of- a representative of the pope to this Govern-ment, upon a formal letter from the papal secretary of state; and thus established the precedent of formal offi-cial relations between the papacy and this Government. This much has been gained already. And much more is planned; of which we shall have occasion to speak. Just now, however, the report says that when the arch bishop shall have made "public his reply to the attacks upon him," in which he "will go into details," "he will proceed to Rome." Of course he must hurry off now to ROme and the pope to report in full the progress made, and laugh to-gether with him while they map out their program for further official recognition when the time comes to settle the terms of peace between Spain and the United States. We hope he will go into details and give the whole story exactly as it is. And then we wish he would go to Rome at once, and, for the good of the United States, stay there forever. And then let all other ecclesiastics and religionists in the United States keep out of politics here forever. The Sabbath Needs No "Fence." MRS. J. C. BATERAM, who has been prominent in con-nection with the "Sabbath reform" work of the W. C. T. U., makes the statement, in a contribution to a Sabbath reform" journal, thatŠ "A Christian Sabbath cannot long be maintained if the protecting fence of civil laws be thrown down." If this is true,then of course "civil Sabbath" laws are necessary, and we should have them by all means. But is it a fact that the Almighty is so dependent on human legislation for the perpetuity of one of his institutions? If we believed he was thus dependent, we would at once lose confidence in him as a God. The very essence of Christianity, as we understand it, is the all-sufficiency of the power of God to uphold that which is his, in the face, if need be, of all the power of man and Satan combined. The church never lost anything by the attack of the world upon her. Christianity never lost anything because earthly governments failed to support her. Christianity and the church have always gained in such conflicts. The church loses only when those within her fold voluntarily relinquish their hold upon spiritual things. But whether Christians loosen, maintain, or regain their hold upon spiritual institutions are matters that human laws cannot affect. So long as an individual really has hold upon the Lord, there is no danger that he will lose the Sabbath, even though all the laws of earth were against his keep-ing it instead of giving it their pretended support. When he relinquishes his hold upon God, it is always done vol-untarily; otherwise he would not be responsible before God for his lapse from righteousness. And when. he has lost his hold upon God, he is in a position to be fright- 