648 NI,E13.,1.QAN; A' WESTERN judge, sitting, as we say, inŁ  Our jargon, at nisi prius, or as' a court of "first resort," the other day; had a Sunday-law case to decide. The law with 'which he had to deal, like others of.that ilk, contained a "saving clause." It forbade the people of the State to do any work on "the Sabbath day, commonly called Sun-day;" unless the same was a work of "necessity or char-ity." This "saving clause" exceedingly bothered the conscientious judge. Ł * THE defense rested exclusively on this clause. The ac-cused party, it appeared, had a contract to furnish an-other person with an article, which he was to manufac--hire by hand; andŁ his contractprovided that if the article were not furnished by a certain date, it need .not be ac-cepted, unless the person who, had ordered it chose to take it when proffered. THE prisoner was an expert handicraftsman, and theŁ only one of his kind in the neighborhood. Shortly after he began on his job, he had an aceident to one of his hands, which rendered him unable to use it for some time. In order that he might finish his undertaking within the time provided, he was compelled to labor on "the Sab-bath day, commonly called Sunday:" He proved this; also that there was no one else to whom the particular work could be delegated; and further, that he and his wife and three small children were dependent on the pro-duct of his handiwork for daily bread, lodging, and cloth-ing.,  a Then his attorneys "rested" and proceeded to argue that they had fully established a case of "necessity" within the statute's "saving dense." * AT my last advices, the worthy magistrate had ad-journed court, and gone to the bosom of his family, with the intention, as he stated, of "thinking it over and talk-ing to his wife about it." His dilemma is as good a text as any for a little sermon on this subject of "Sunday laws," soŁ old, and yet so always new. * IT is to be noted that this exception of works of "charity or necessity" is an invention of Puritanism, in the course of a violent effort to wrench the fourth com-mandment away from Saturday to which it rightfully belongs, and connect it Łwith Sunday to which it has no  just application, There is no qualification of necessity andŁ  charity in the ancient commandment for. Saturday observance. "In it thou shalt do no manner of work." AND this invention has returned to plague the invent-orsŠa matter over which I, for one, should not be dis-posed to worry much, if it only stopped there. :^But, un-fortunately it does not and cannot stop there, so long as the atmosphere of Puritanism, must be breathed by peo-ple who detest it. We are all plagued; judges and laity alike, by the absurd Sunday law, with its preposterous "saving clause," * * IT is said that "misery loves company," and ,if this be true, the Western dispenser of law and equity will be somewhat comforted, should these lines ever reach his eye, by the information that he is not, alone in his per-plexity over this subject. On the contrary, he has not only a numerous company, but a company distinguished by the presence of very eminent and enlightened men to share his 'woes. * INDEED, there is no general consensus of opinion as to the character of the question, What is necessity or charity? Some learned jurists tell us that it is a question of law, others that it is a question of fact, others again, that it, is a mixed question of law and fact; so that, in one State, it is for'the court exclusively, in another it is altogether within the purview of the jury,land in a third, it is a question "to be decided by the jury under the in-structions of the court." Taking this preliminary point in either one of these three ways,Šor taking it in all three contradictory ways at once, an intellectual feat to which some courts have appeared equal,--we advance one step.  further. * FOR, admitting that we have settled whose bukiness it is to decide the question of what is necessity or what is charity, as the case may be, we have now to determine how they are to go about itŠsince it is useless to assign the task of applying a law to any man or set of men, un-less there be provided a system of rules and principles whereby the decision of the case is to be guided and con-trolled. What rules or principles have we to guide and control the judgment which must be rendered in a trial under a Sunday law where the defense is necessity or charity? * IT has several times been most ably and strenuously contended that a party's "honest belief" in the necessity or charity of his Sunday work is all-sufficient and con-clusive. Certainly, there is plenty of authority for the position that, in order to constitute a violation of a penal statute, two elements must concurŠthe overt act, 