178 AMERICAN SENTINEL. But why will the Church seek for political power? Whywill the Christian seek for such power? The Church and the individual Christian are commissioned to preach the gospel, which is "the power of God unto salvation, to every one that believeth." Rom. 1:16. Nothing but the power of godliness can suffice for the Church in any undertaking pursuant to her divine,  calling; and nothing but the "power of God unto salvation" can suffice to save any individual from sin. There is no lack of this divine power; and God is no less willing to bestow it now than he was to pour it out on his Church at Pentecost. The only question is, Will the Church give Him the oppor-tunity? A SUNDAY law is a tax upon the people compelling all to contribute one day's time each week for the main-tenance'of a church dogma. Our forefathers went to war with Great Britain rather than accede to a tax far less grievous than this. Strangely Inconsistent. Wax is it that the nation is not more interested in cultivating the fighting spirit among its citizens? Why, instead of this, are the national and the State govern-ments, with a single exception, doing everything to re-press this spirit? The United States maintains a stand-ing army, presumably for the purpose of fighting when such a thing is required. The States maintain their com-panies of the militia, and it is fair to presume that it is intended these shall fight when there is a call for their services. The same may be said with reference to the navy. But what would be the use of an army or company of militia who could not or would not fight? Unless these men are both able and willing to fight, the sooner the military forces of the country are disbanded, the Ł better. But if they are to fight, how should the fighting be done? It should be done well, of course; no one can dispute this. No nation ever wanted an army of poor fighters. Fighting, like everything else, is to be done in the most effective manner possible, if at all. This would be the only sane way of seeking to attain the end sought. Now it will not be denied that the most effective fight-ing will be done by the army that is composed of the best fighters; and it must also be admitted that the best fighters are those who have most of the fighting spirit and instinct. Every commander who has had experience in actual warfare knows the value of the fighting spirit in his men for securing the victory. It is often said in praise of men of this kind, in the narrative of a military encounter, that they "fought like demons." These are the kind of men every commander likes to have. This expression, in fact, gives us the standard of ex-cellence in the line of that which armies and navies are,  maintained to do. The nearer the men in them can 'come to,  acting "like demOns" when fulfilling the purpose for which the Government employs them, the better will they do that Which the GoVernment wants done at the time, and the more valuable will they be to the Govern-ment in their military capacity. We say again, therefore, it is strange that the Gov-ernment should maintain an army and navy (which in time of war would depend for their efficiency upon the citizens of the States), and at the same,  time be against, the development of the fighting spirit. The Hope of the Church. IT is the hope of the Church to-day, according to the testimony of the words and actions of her most promi-nent representatives, that the kingdom of Christ shall "enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics." And this hope is, in her view, to be realized through her own efforts to obtain control of the world's political power. Has the Church no better hope than this? It is certain that no such hope as this is set before the Church in the Word of God. Does that Word then provide no hope to be kept in view by the Church in her earthly warfare? Every one who has read even a small portion of God's Word knows that this is not so. The Scripture is full of hope for our fallen race. It was given the race that they might have hope, in place of the despair which is the fruit of sin. No Christian need be told of the "Christian's hope." No brighter hope was ever cherished than this hope. No hope ever rested on a more secure foundation, or was more sure of realization by the faithful seeker. And the Christian's hope is the hope of the Christian Church. What, then, is this hope? Many portions of the in-spired Word furnish the answer. By the Apostle Paul it is referred to in his epistle to Titits, in his exhortation that we "should live soberly, righteously, and godly, in this present world, looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ." Titus 2:12, 13. The same apostle, when under arrest before the Roman governor Felix, affirmed his "hope toward God," "that there shall be a resurrec-tion of the dead, both of the just and unjust"; and again, when before King Agrippa, said, "And now I stand and am judged for the hope of the promise made of God unto our fathers, . . . for which hope's sake, King Agrippa, I am accused of the Jews. Why should it be thought a thing incredible with you that God should raise the dead?" Acts 24:15; 26:6-8. It would be needless to cite all the,  passages of Scrip-ture which elucidate this subject. Their testimony leaves no room -for doubt or misapprehension. The resurrec-tion of Jesus Christ is set forth as the cardinal truth upon which the hopes of Christians depend. "If Christ 