116     .A,NEIHALLIECAN gENTIN-1k,11-40 VOL. 9. No. 15. the commandment," which is the seventh day. There are those in the world to-day keeping the seventh day, professing to serve God, and there are those who are keeping the first day as the Sabbath of the Lord, and professing to serve God. Which is right ? One must be right and the other wrong. But no matter here which is right. Whether those who keep the seventh day as the Sabbath of the Lord or those who keep the first day are right, the one has not the right to compel the other to keep a certain day because he thinks that day is the Sabbath. God does not require it. He says : " Let both grow together until the harvest : and in the time of harvest I will say to the reap-ers, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them : but gather the wheat into my barn." The controversy is between good and evil. Those who have done good have always been persecuted by those who have done evil. The children of Satan have always persecuted the children of God, and so it will be till the end of the world. In times past Catholics persecuted Protest-ants. Which was right, Catholicism or Protestantism ? To-day, Sunday-keepers are persecuting Sabbath-keepers. Which are right ? ALFRED MALLETT. South African Correspondence. THE agitation of the Sunday question still continues in the Colony, and no doubt will till the end. It will not " down," but will perturb the world till the warfare between truth and error shall be finished. The most recent perturbation is in refer-ence to Sunday concerts. One, Mr. Sno-zelle, advertised that on Sunday evening, Feb. 11, 1894, a " sacred concert " would be held in the opera house, and that a liberal per cent. of the proceeds would be given to St. George's Orphanage. The result was a full house, many having to stand for want of seats. There were more vacant pews in the churches than common as some preferred a " sacred concert " to a dry sermon. Financially it was a success and seventy-five dollars were sent, as ad-vertised, to the orphanage; but it was promptly sent back, on the grounds that it was the spoil derived from Sunday desecration and they could not accept it, and thus become partners to such wicked-ness. The dean of Cape Town also wrote two letters in one of the dailies setting forth the question as he views it through his theological glasses, and denounced in scathing language the promoters of the " sacred " affair and all who attended. This called forth a number of replies through the city papers. Some thought the orphanage and reverend dean acted in a godly manner; while others criticised severely the whole transaction. One writer (Mr. Snozelle) thought the good dean meant well in his way, but that it was a bigoted and narrow-minded way. He also reminded his reverence that there was not seating capacity in the city churches for near all the population, and asked him if he preferred that they visit the haunts of vice in the evening instead of viewing .the paintings of Angelo, Titian, Correggio, and others, and listening to the singing and recitation of selections from such au-thors as Tennyson, Longfellow, and Mo-zart. Another correspondent, referring to the dean's letters, said :Š Seldom has the spirit of bigotry found plainer ex-pression or language more harsh and unchristian than those two communications. Surely the reverend  gentleman has forgotten the nature of Christ and his teachings when he penned them. Another remarked that as the good dean had been instrumental in the donation be-ing rejected he should go down into his own pocket and donate an equivalent amount. Another writer, a clergyman, wrote a stormy letter showing that the dean in his effort to Sustain the sanctity of Sunday had misstated some facts con-cerning that institution. He also pro-pounded to him a number of queries, such as to how he could read Sunday into the fourth commandment, and asked for a text somewhere in the Bible, no matter where, which attaches any sacredness whatever to the day. As yet the dean's authority has not been forthcoming. That ecclesiastical bigotry is at the bot-tom of the whole agitation is evident. The exaltation of Sunday is the object sought. Empty pews and a full opera house are too much for the clergy to stand. No matter how many concerts are held, either sacred or profane, they call forth no remonstrance from the pastors until one is held on Sunday, then there is a mighty uproar. It is the controversy of the fourth century over again. Then, says Neander, " Church teachers were in truth often forced to complain that the latter (a circus) was vastly more fre-quented than the church," and because the " people congregate more to the circus than to the church," the Church having lost her power and not being able to com-pete with a circus petitioned the State for a law " that the public shows might be transferred from the Christian Sunday and feast days to some other day of the week." Again the Church having lost her heavenly power and not being able to stand the competition of a " sacred con-cert." seeks for a law to stop the concert. They petition Parliament, not Jehovah. The agitation of the question has re-sulted in the formation of a Sunday league. What the objects of the " league " are we copy from the Cape Times of Feb-ruary 21:Š The objects of the league are as follows: (a) The promotion of a healthy public opinion on the Sunday question generally; (b) to oppose by legal and consti-tutional means any attempts in the legislature or else-where to further curtail the liberties of the subjects on Sunday; (c) to urge on Parliament the repeal or amendment of the Sunday ordinance in so far as it interferes with the sale of light refreshments, such as aerated waters, fruit, cakes, etc., on Sunday; (d) to obtain and encourage the working of the public rail-way service on the Sunday in a manner more widely satisfactory to the public than it is worked at present; (e) to promote and encourage entertainments of a purely intellectual and moral character, so that, while not interfering in any way with the proceedings or conduct of any religious body, the non-church goer may be induced to attend, and be benefited thereby. This will doubtless result in further agi-tation of the question. GEO. B. THOMPSON. East London, Cape Colony, Feb. 26. Whereas They Believe Therefore They Resolve. THE Theocrat, of Johnstown, Pa‚., pub-lishes this series of resolutions passed by the Pittsburg Conference of the Evangel-ical Association, which met at Hyndman, Pa., March 15-19:Š WHEREAS, We believe the observance of the first day of the week as a day of rest to be of divine origin, and necessary for our physical, moral, and spiritual wel-fare as well as for the moral and religious elevation of the State and nation ; Asn WHEREAS, There is a growing tendency on the part of the opposers of the sanctity of the holy Sab-bath, to persist in the desecration of this holy day,  and who seem to have for their object the absolute overthrow of the sanctity and religious purpose of this divinely instituted day: AND WHEREAS, These enemies are endeavoring from time to time to secure the repeal of certain laws, se-curing to the religious element of this our fair land the sanctity of this best of days, and on the other hand to secure the enactment of such laws as tend to the demoralization of the divine purposes of the day: Therefore Resolved, That we are opposed to the re-peal of our present Sabbath laws, and that we, as a conference, pledge our united support to every meas-ure and enactment tending toward the maintenance and perpetuity of this first day of the week, as a day of rest and worship. Resolved, That we are unalterably opposed to the issuing and sale of the Sunday newspaper, to railway and street car line traffic, and excursions, and all amusements of every kind at pleasure resorts, on this holy day. Resolved, That we discourage general visiting, and admonish our people to the faithful attendance upon the religious worship of God's house, and to a quiet restful life in Jesus Christ. It is noticeable that these expressions grow more and more positive in their character, and the discriminative state-ment of the "first day of the week" more and more assured. How suggestive a thing it is that so invariably the "Whereas we believe in the observance of the first day of the week " requires the " Resolved therefore, that we are in favor of legal measures to compel all others to do the same also,"Šwhile the belief in and prac-tice of the observance of the command-ment " the seventh day is the Sabbath," results in the resolution that no man can be constrained to any religious observance but by the love of God. W. H. M. Good Doctrine. IN view of the proposed amendment to the Constitution, the following words from Oliver Johnson, in an article on " Morality in the Public Schools," in the Atlantic Monthly for June, 1888, are to the point :Š But suppose that Christianity, as the nominal reli-gion of the majority of citizens, were adopted as the religion of the State; even then the confusion would not be ended. Shall the State be Catholic or Prot-estant, Orthodox or Liberal? Shall it acknowledge the infallibility of the Church and pope. or adopt the Bible as an infallible guide ? What doctrine shall be set forth in the creed, and what condemned as heret-ical? What rites and forms shall be prescribed? To entertain such questions is to remove the founda-tion of republican government, and revive the doctrines and assumptions, out of which grew the Inquisition, with all its bloody horrors, and make the stake and the fagot once more the terror of dissenters from the orthodox faith. The objects of a republican State are purely civil and secular, relating to the present not to a future life; to the duties which citizens owe to each other, not to those which they owe to the invisible God. It knows men neither as Christians, Mohammedans, nor Jews, neither as Catholics, Protestants, nor Skeptics, Theists nor Atheists, Orthodox nor Liberals, but sim-ply and solely as citizens extending equal protection to all. The Hindu may erect his temple, the Moham-medan his mosque, the Buddhist his shrine, the Chi-naman his josshouse, and the Jew his synagogue, just as freely as the Christian may build his cathedral, church, or chapel; and the protection of the Govern-ment is extended equally to all the various forms of worship, so far as they do not endanger the public peace. Still further, the Infidel, the Atheist, or the Freethinker, may erect his hall wherever he lists, and the meetings held therein will be under—the same pro-tection as the assemblies for the worship of God. Such is the nature, the height and depth, the length and breadth, of that liberty which is the boast of this Republic, and which is not its shame, but its glory. Then, after quoting from Article 6 of the Constitution and the First Amendment, and also the treaty with Tripoli in regard to religion, Mr. Johnson says :Š In this treaty, and in the constitutional provisions above cited, the fathers struck with a firm hand the keynote of that anthem of religious liberty which sur-prised and enchanted the civilized world. Histor-ically, some of the States are older than the nation, and if, from their constitutions, laws, and judicial decisions, utterances not in harmony with the national keynote are sometimes heard, it is because the former 