AMERICAN SENTINEL. 91 in order to have the governor removed. In fact, he at-tended strictly to his own work, which was to represent Christ, to the world, in his own life; and let the Roman Empire run its government to suit itself. By admitting that the United States, if she follows her established course and looks after the political needs of Cuba, leaving the church interests to freely take care of themselves, may build up "a dangerous set of enemies" they have, them-selves admitted that the priests are not followers of the apostles, and are -not directed by "the wisdom that is from above," which is "first pure, then peaceable, gentle, and easy to be entreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without wrangling [see margin], and without hypoc-risy." But there need be no trouble, even if the priests have not the Spirit of Christ, which from the above it is evi-dent that they do not have. The pope is the head of the church, and as such, has complete control over the priests, while the priests have "complete control over their parishioners." And is not the pope friendly to the United States? Has he not expressed himself as satisfied with the new order of things? Then the only thing nec-essary to avoid any trouble in establishing any author-ity of the "American Government in Cuba," is for the pope to instruct the Cubans, through the priests, to recognize that authority and to make no trouble. And if trouble does arise, or if the United States has to pay this corruption fund to prevent trouble, it would seem that the pope's professions of friendship for the United States, and his declaration of satisfaction with the new order of things, is only pretended and not real. J. 0. BEARD. Bally, Iowa. "Benevolent Assimilation." EDITOR SENTINEL: December 27, 1898, President McKinley in sending a message o instruction to General Otis, in command of American troops in the Philippine Islands, after briefly sketching how America came to assume command there, says:Š "In fulfillment of the rights of sovereignty thus ac-quired and the -responsible obligations of government thus assumed, the actual occupation and administration of the entire group of the Philippine Islands become im-mediately necessary. . . . It will be the duty of the commander of the forces of occupation to announce and proclaim in the most public manner that we [United States] come, not as invaders or conquerors, but as friends [italics ours] to protect the natives in their homes, in their employments, and in their personal and religious rights." How can a power professedly republican, a govern. ment by the people, receive from another power ruled. by a king or queen sovereignty without becoming sovereign itself? What difference can there be to the people of the  Philippine Islands in one sovereign power ruling over them or another? What significance can there be to their untutored minds in the exchange of flags and troops from Spanish sovereignty to American sove-reignty? It is not clear to the minds of all the American-born citizens what right our Executive has in terming America a sovereign power. Is there anything in the Constitu-tion binding the States to such a compact? If the peo-ple of these Islands have risen up in rebellion against the sovereignty of Spain, may we not expect them to con-tinue against this sovereignty, although in words to them said to be administered under the "free Rag of the United States"? As friends! Why, then, this array of battle ships? these trained troops? This is certainly a new kind of friendship. So long as they are submissive all goes well. This new sovereign power speaks clearly to them upon this incidental point: "All persons who, either by active aid or by honest submission, cooperate with the Govern-ment of the United States to give effect to these benefi-cent purposes, will receive the reward of its support and protection. All others will be brought within the lawful rule we have assumed, with firmness [military power] if necessary, but without severity so far as may be pos-sible." But the natives do not take kindly to these propos-als. They are preparing to fight for their freedom against the so-called "free flag" floating over them. Is not that what our forefathers did? Who can blame these men for loving their homes, and questioning the motives of a power ten thousand miles away, of whom they have no knowledge? But the thing most strange of all is that all this assumption of territory across the Pacific, this assimila-tion of the possessions of others, should go for "benevo-lent" work. Then according to this rule-it is a benevo-lent work for England to seize all she can of China, for Russia to get her part, and France "benevolently" to assume her control over all she can get. Here is what the American officers in the Philippines were instructed to keep in mind and endeavor to do:Š "Finally, it should be the earnest and paramount aim of the military administration to win the confidence, respect, and affection of the inhabitants of the Philip-pines by assuring to them in every possible way that full measure of individual rights and liberties which is the heritage of free peoples, and by proving to them that the mission of the United States is one of benevolent assimilation, substituting the mild sway of justice and right for arbitrary rule." If these Islands can be "benevolently assimilated" by the United States, what shall hinder the same power from, going onto the Continent to which they belong, and there continuing the good work? Let us stop before we begin. This is the safe course recommended to us by our forefathers, and who of us love our country more 