JUNE 22, 1893. 197 untenable in themselves, and could never satisfy the deep yearnings of the human soul for truth and liberty ; neither could the schools of the world's wise men and philosophers bequeath to the people any-thing better than doubts and distrust for what they had, i. e., their priests and their ritesŠthus simply confirming the con-sciousness of their own helpless condition. In spite of their ingenious and pleasing mythology, and notwithstanding their profound philosophy, their devotees have escaped neither social, nor moral and po-litical decay, so that already in the second century (A. D.) Pausanias could most truthfully pay to the Romans, notwith-standing their intellectual and political greatness, the anything but flattering tes-timony, that in their midst evil had reached to the very highest summits, and no man could any more be ranked among the gods, as they had been in former years, for moral or intellectual greatness, or heroic achievements, because they had sunk too low in the scale of human worth. The decayed supports of the pagan sys-tems of religion were to such a degree shaken by the vastly superior moral power and the indomitable life and force of Christianity, that they threatened to collapse entirely, and so doing to bury be-beneath their own ruins the State that was so closely connected with them. The Roman emperors, endeavoring to restore the old splendor of their realm, labored ardently to preserve their pagan worship from the rapid decay toward which with irresistible power it seemed to drift more and more, and to that end they spared neither, the life nor the property of those who were active in the extension of Chris-tianity; for these wicked rulers felt that they must uproot this new religion as im-minently endangering their own personal authority and power, as well as that of the State at large. Hence arose the ten times repeated and fierce persecutions against the early Christians. But the blood of the martyrs was the fructifying seed which multiplied the witnesses of Christ a hundred, yes, a thousand fold; and the storms which seemed to threaten the Christian Church with destruction, only caused her to take root more deeply, and to give unmistak-able evidences of her divine origin and inalienable right to exist. To such an extent did these eventually come to be recognized in the Roman Empire, that in the year 311 an edict was issued making it incumbent upon Christians, as their sacred duty, to pray for the welfare of the Roman Government and the entire realm. After evincing this degree of reverence for people professing the religion of Christ, it required but one step farther on the part of the emperor (Constantine), favorably influenced to Christianity as he had been by his parents, to suppose (upon his accession to the throne) that the religion of Christ could be made the very best support of his throne, and that the morally pure and upright walk of its ad- herents, as well as their great readiness to suffer martyrdom, could only confirm him in the opinion that such men, who clung so scrupulously and tenaciously to their convictions, and who were so fear- less of death, must be the very best of citizens, too; and that their religion which imparted to them such moral strength and heroism, as well as very un-common powers of endurance in every way, must be a good and acceptable reli- gion for all. Tolerant by nature and educationŠas long as the safety of his throne and power were not endangered therebyŠand by virtue of his eclectic views of things inclined to form unbiased opinions, he issued edicts of toleration, gave to Christians everywhere in his wide domains the preference for offices of State; and he furthermore encouraged the Chris-tian modes of worship; at the same time, however, he suffered many pagans in office, some of whom had only outwardly made a profession of Christianity, in order to be chosen for this or that position un-der the government. At the ecclesiastical councils of the Church the emperor thereupon took part in the disputes and strifes about doctrines that arose, and reserved for himself, as Pontifex Maximus, the chief authority over the Christian Church, which church he, in turn, protected and fostered so zealously, that it is a matter of factŠlet the hidden motives, which lead him to it, have been what they may; whether political or purely religious, no mat-terŠthat Constantine gave to Chris-tianity the preference before all heathen systems of religion, and by this very means left the Church unmolested from without; and she might internally have become sound and strong as well, if there had been among her adherents minds suf-ficiently endowed with force of faith and will, to bring the emperor fully under the convincing and converting power of the doctrines of the gospel of Christ, instead of allowing him to interpret them accord-ing to whatever crude conception of their meaning he himself might have had at the time. But proud and worldly as they had already become through the flatter-ing attentions shown them by the ruling powers, they now recklessly fell into that fatal snare of looking to things external and visible, for light, strength and cour-age to be and to do, thus making flesh their arm, rather than looking to God and by faith obtaining help from him alone, by whatever instrumentality he might choose to send itŠfor thus only could they become preeminently strong, in the power of his might. To the bishops and leaders of the Church this became forthwith a tempta-tion which they could resist less and less, the more they allowed themselves to be attracted by the splendor of the court, or looked upon the favor of royalty as the highest and most desirable thing. Soon they went so far as to vie with each other in lavishing fawning adulations upon the Roman emperors, in order to gain their favor, instead of contending manfully for right and truth, independent of them, or their support, and thus of their own ac-cord remaining loyal and true to their holy calling. The foundation for the union of Church and State thus being laid, the work was fully completed and cemented by the edict of Constantius, who peremptorily forbade henceforth the observance of any pagan religionŠa thing which his prede- cessor, tolerant as he had been, did not even think of doingŠimposing the most severe penalties upon all the disobedient. The Christian Church had now at her side the sword of .the mighty State to di- rect as well as to protect her; the State, on the other hand, had as its strong ally, the Church, an organization which had heretofore given the most indubitable proofs of inherent power, life and activity. By virtue of her position, thus so highly  exalted and protected by the State, the Church assumed more and more external power, exerting the same far and wide, so that already in the fifth century Chris-tianity stands there as ruling over the people; and during the Middle Ages she had become so satanic that every one who did not bow in deference to her mandates, was not permitted to live, so that millions upon millions fell as victims of her tyr-anny. But these victories for evil, if they can be so called, the Church could purchase only at the cost of her God-given purity and freedomŠa most terrible price to pay for such advantages, that were so entirely at variance with the very spirit and teach-ings of Him that founded the ChurchŠChrist. For in this once seemingly so harmonious and desirable union lay con-cealed the elements of the most vehement, bloody, and disastrous atrocities, persecu-tions and inhumanities ever witnessed since the world stood. The outward har-mony and union that was presented to the world for a little while, was only the cloak that concealed the divided interests under-neath. Now the Church, then the State, allowed themselves to become over-reach-ing, resulting ever and anon in mighty struggles for the preeminence all over the realm, and finally brought about the undisputed sway of the Papacy over the whole earth, as then known. Like Herod's magnificent temple of old, so now stood the ChurchŠoutwardly a mighty and resplendent structure of the State, but within, like that costly edifice, too, utterly destitute of the highest adorn-ment of the house of God, without sanc-tity in its inner life, and void, of divine guidance and blessing in its outward manifestations. Thus stood the so-called Christian Church as fostered by the State, in the countries of Europe, until the time of the great Reformation. AUGUST KUNZ. Battle Creek, Mich. (Concluded next number.) Ł ÷.  Sunday the Touchstone. INSTEAD of issuing a proclamation or-dering the Columbian Exposition to be closed on Sunday, May 28, and ordering troops to keep it closed, the President went yachting down the Potomac on that day. Concerning this fact the Mail and Express' Washington correspondent says No wonder the minor officials of the Government tarry in their work of carrying out the Sableath-closing law, when the heads of the Government themselves openly violate the express will of the people and desecrate the Lord's own day by yachting excursions down the river. All the pulpits of the churches at the Capital yesterday were filled with eminent divines of the Presbyterian Church, and had the President so desired he could have listened to words of wis-dom as well as arguments why the law of the Nation should be upheld and the World's Fair be closed on Sunday. But instead Mr. Cleveland pre-ferred a Sunday excursion down the river on a steam yacht, while the Sabbath bells were still ringing out their welcome to churchgoers. Mr. Cleveland, accompanied by his Secretary of the Treasury and his Ambassador to England, boarded the pleasure yacht of W. R. Hearst, of California, and steamed off for a day's excursion down the Potomac. The boat was well stocked with provisions, and "dry and wet" lunch was served before the party reached home. This action of the President on the day when the law was being violated in Chicago by the inaction of his Attorney-General has caused no small amount of criticism here. The day was far from being a yachting one. It was cold, damp, and disagreeable for a water ex-cursion, but this did not matter, for Cleveland 