AMER, ICA.N SENTINEL. 77 would have depended on tradition, would have excluded the gentile as a dog; but now he lays aside his preju-dices, is convinced by the word of God, and obeys, relying on divine power. Cornelius, also, had to lay aside his gentile prejudice, and submit, too, to God's word. What unity this Word ordains for men, breaking down the middle wall of partition between soul and soul, that the prayer of Christ may be answered, `that they may be one in us.' " "There is a verse here that is truly sublime in its declaration, as Peter's conclusion, drawn from his vision and the sequel. fie says: ' Of a truth, I perceive that God is no respecter of persons; but in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness is accepted of him."' " What further evidence did Peter receive that dem-onstrated this principle ? " " Why, further on in the chapter, it is said that the Holy Spirit fell on Cornelius and his household, and that they heard them magnify God. Peter was fully con-vinced, and said, `Can any man forbid water, that these, should not be baptized, which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we ?' " "His test for discipleship was not the observance of some Jewish rite, enforced by law. Divine power wit-nessed to the fact that Cornelius was a child of God. How much better that God should witness by divine power than that men should declare who is and who is not righteous by the test of mere outward act, insisted on by civil power!" " Perhaps everyone would not have recognized the work of the Holy Spirit, and for failure to observe the rite, would send to prison and to death, those whom God acknowledged." "That's the very point, Cecil. The very reason why the devil wants to put civil power in the hands of a fallen church is to persecute those who depend on God." F. E. B. 11.,,W,Al.AolAatolŁAttAoloWolokalolol<Al TO OUR SUBSCRIBERS: There has 14 tt started with the new year a great move- it, ment all over the country on the Sunday tt question, and an immense amount of liter- t attire in favor of Sunday laws is being 1c tt placed in the hands of the people. Peti- tions are being circulated, and in almost 14 $i every State bills for the enactment of re- t ys ligious laws are already under discus- sion. lc. tt%  Do YOU not want to do something /414  41 in this crisis to get the SENTINEL into lc, the hands of the people in your commun-ity? If you do, now is the time to do it. 'at THE PUBLISHERS. t '41 tleeeeeseeeemeetreeeeeeleeeeoweeek, TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Nanies Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bamr Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. if paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. A.IVIE RICAN S Set for the defense of libtrty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. " Six months .50.. Three months 5. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. LADIES' GUIDE IN HOLM (IND DISUSE. By J. H, KELLOGG, M. D. Girlhood, Maidenhood, Wifehood, Motherhood. CONTAINS CHAPTERS ON THE Anatomy and Physiology of Reproduction, The Little Girl, The Young Lady, The Wife, The Mother, Diseases of Women, with an Appendix of Prescriptions and Dietetic Recipes. 672 octavo pages, with 123 illustrations, 26 of which are lithographic plates. It is printed on fine paper, and it is beautifully and substan- tially bound. PRICES : Cloth, embossed in jet and gold  $3.00 Half buffing, marbled edges  3.50 Full leather, library style, marbled edges  3.75 Half morocco, gilt edges  4.25 Full morocco, gilt edges  5.50 Sent, postpaid, on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 39 Bond Street, New York City, N. Y. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. 