SIE7.4N-rrINIE1E-4. VOL. 10, No. 47. 376 NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 28, 1895. t2 ANY One receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. CAPE COLONY has recently placed another Sunday "law" upon its statute books. Our South African correspondent discusses it in an article which we will print next week. THE Independent attributes Republican suc-cess in this State, in part at least, to Warner Miller's Sunday plank, and says: "He is the true leader of the people on this question, and the Republicans of the Legislature must pay heed to him." WHILE you are reading this item at home, surrounded by loved ones, enjoying your God-given and constitutionally guaranteed free-dom, R. R. Whaley, of Church Hill, Md., is a prisoner in the Centreville Jail for no other offense than hoeing cabbage plants on Sunday in his own garden after having observed " the Sabbath according to the commandment." WE still have on hand a few hundred copies of the illustrated SENTINEL of Sept. 26, con-taining the historical article, "Religious Tol-eration in Maryland." Everybody ought to know the facts stated in this article. It is a complete refutation of the claim that Roman Catholics established religious liberty in Maryland. THE Independent nominates Warner Miller for United States Senator, to succeed David B. Hill in 1897. Our contemporary says of Mr. Miller: " His understanding of what Israel ought to do in an emergency, and his statesman-like qualities highly commend him for the United States Senate." It was Warner Miller who sprung upon the Repub-lican convention "the unqualified endorsement of the so-called Christian sabbath." ALL communications intended for publica-tion in this paper or for the information of the editors, should be addressed, "Editor AMERICAN SENTINEL," and not to any indi-vidual. Business communications, subscrip-tions, change of address, etc., should be di-rected to " AMERICAN SENTINEL," and not to the editors or to any individual. The reason is that the editorial work is done in one room, and the subscription books are kept in the counting-room on another floor. NOVEMBER 11, a street flower vender was arraigned in the Harlem Police Court for sell-ing a bunch of violets on Sunday. To the credit of the justice, be it said, the de-fendant was promptly discharged. But tech-nically, the sale of a bunch of violets on Sun- day is just as much a violation of the "law" as would be the sale of a horse or of a suit of clothes, or any other article of legitimate trade; but the justice before whom this pris-oner was arraigned chose to follow the law of justice rather than the statute, in this in-stance. IT is said that in a recent interview Cardinal Swampa, the probable successor of Leo XIII., laments the national observance of September 20 as equivalent to opening an old sore. In his opinion the papacy can never be reconciled with Italy unless the latter restores to it the fullest territorial liberty. Until this be done he feels that, in civil matters, the position of the pope is very little better than that of a government employ4. THE Northwestern Chronicle (Roman Cath-olic), in its issue of November 1, prints a synopsis of a lecture by " Rev. Father " Thomas E. Sherman, son of the late General Sherman, in which he is credited with these words: " Our grandfathers found that they could not unite the Church and State if they wished to form a nation. However, we have what amounts to a union of the Church and State. The object of union has been attained after allŠthey are one in principle, one in action. If there is not a kindly sympathy between the Church and the State, why is it that there are chaplains in our armies, and that our church property is untaxed? The church is content that there should not be a union in the strict sense, because we believe that this form of government is one under which the church can best thriveŠa form of government which is to her best interests." PERSECUTION IN ILLINOIS. MONDAY, Nov. 11, J. F. Rothrock, a Sev-enth-day Adventist, was tried at Albion, Ed-wards County, Ill., for the " crime " of keep-ing open his store on a certain Sunday in May last. He was found " guilty " and fined ten dollars and costs. The judge, however, granted a new trial, which will defer the de-cision of the case till next spring. Wednesday, the 13th, several more Advent-ists, mostly farmers, were tried at Olney, Richland County, for the like " crime" of pursuing their customary vocations upon the first day of the week. Considerable difficulty was encountered in selecting the jury, the prosecuting attorney being careful to ask each person called if he attended the Adventist camp-meeting held at Olney last fall, and promptly ruling them out if their answer was in the affirmative. The trial resulted in the conviction of those indicted. We have not learned the amount of the fine. As is usual in such cases, the testimony of the witnesses called revealed that the prosecu-tion was inspired by a spirit of religious ani-mosity. One lady, seventy-two years of age, testified that she was disturbed by plowing done on Sunday by one of the prisoners in it  field a quarter of a mile from her home, and that the disturbance consisted mainly in her knowing that a young man of such good char-acter as she knew the prisoner to have, was at work on the sabbath day that she had always been taught to keep. Another witness testi-fied that he was disturbed in his mind by this Sunday plowing, notwithstanding that he had on the previous Sunday, as he admitted, assisted in hiving a swarm of bees. The two leading prosecutors in the case are men who were recently arrested and fined for dis-turbing a singing-school. The Sunday statute of Illinois provides thatŠ Whoever disturbs the peace and good order of so-ciety by labor (works of necessity and charity excepted), by any amusement or diversion on Sunday, shall be fined not exceeding $25. This section shall not be construed to prevent watermen and railroad compa-nies from landing their passengers, or watermen from loading and unloading their cargoes, or ferrymen from carrying over the water travelers and persons moving their families on the first day of the week, nor to pre-vent the due exercise of the rights of conscience by whomever thinks proper to keep any other day as a sabbath. From this it appears that it was the plain intention of the framers of the statute that such persons as observed another day than Sunday as a sabbath, should be protected from interference in the quiet, peaceable pur-suit of their regular vocations on the first day of the week. But notwithstanding this, these Adventists are convicted and fined just as though there were no such provision in the statute. It is probable that an appeal will be taken in these cases to the State Supreme Court. THE Catholic Review says: " Who will tell us? 1. How many Protestants there are in South America? 2. How many of them are natives? 3. What is the text of the laws which the Methodist ministers of Chicago say abridge the civil or religious liberty of those Protestants? We want to get at the exact truth." In giving this information to the Catholic Review, will the Methodists know enough of the true principles of religious liberty to in-form the Review, and through it the pope, and the Roman hierarchy everywhere, that the number of Protestants in South America makes not one bit of difference; that religious liberty is a God-given right, and that a minor-ity of one is entitled to the free enjoyment of it equally with a larger minority or even with the majority? AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - 1.00. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - 5s Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 fond Street, New York City Ł Ł  In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one‚ address, 1 yr,ar " 25 and under 50 " 1  4, 1 4, " 50 and under 100 " " 100 or more " 1 " 6  705ec 55c  - 50c 