THEE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 533"  and valuable facts. It was brought out that it was A TALE OF TWO NATIONS. not until A. D. 1595 that Sunday was put on the <4 The New. Canaan." footing of the ancient Sabbath. The observance of IN ancient days the Lord had said to Israel that a weekly rest day was shown to, be a matter of mo- rality and not simply of civil rights between indi- she should dwell alone and should not be reckoned viduals. The fact was brought out from Mr. Black- among the nations. This command was not an ar-stone that the profanation of the Lord's day was bitrary one. It was given for the good of the chosen classed as an offense against God and religion; also nation. God knew that it would be impossible for that the offense of Sunday violation was classed with Israel to preserve the purity and simplicity of her heresy, witchcraft and apostasy. Of course it was governmental institutions, and at the same time be-punished for the same reasons and upon the same come entangled in alliances with the nations of the-basis. Let this fact have due weight in the con- earth, whose principles of government were alto---sideration of this subject. Then, if it is now proper gether different from hers. God knew that the prin-for civil government to punish heresy, witchcraft and ciples of the other nations only wrought oppression apostasy, it is also proper for it to punish Sabbath- on the great mass of the people. He knew that if.  breaking. But we have passed the days of tortur- Israel became entangled with these nations that it ing and killing heretics; we have passed the time of would not be long, in the very nature of things, be-burning witches and imprisoning apostates, at least fore her people would be suffering many hardships of we all know these practices to be unjustifiable and a kindred sort. It was therefore in love, and that he wicked. Why keep up the practice (akin to the might safeguard the ones whom he had brought out of others) of fining and incarcerating men for laboring bondage, that the Almighty ordained that, they on Sunday? The glaring inconsistency of this is should dwell alone and should not be reckoned plainly seen in the light of these facts. The counsel among the nations. also stated that if the province had a right to shut There is a touching simplicity about the early- the Welland canal one day in the week it might do history of these United States. The feelings of the-so every day in the week and thus interfere with the forefathers who crossed the broad Atlantic in the Dominion. " Mayflower," their ideas concerning their own com- As to the distinction between passenger and ing and mission in the earth, really form a very vital traveler, the counsel showed that the distinction was part of the history of this land. They held to the t merely imaginary; that there were numerous casesheory that England and the old countries beyond  on record, some of which were cited, where men who the sea were the land of Egypt; that the Atlantic was were traveling on street cars or otherwise on Sunday the Red Sea, and that America was the land of  on secular business, recovered damages for injuries Canaan, and that the Indians were the idolatrous  received in accidents while on such journeys under tribes, worthy only of devotion to the sword and to the statute legalizing the conveying of travelers on death. These ideas can be found in 'almost all of  that day. It was also stated that even carrying the the important .writings and sermons of the day.  mail or going to meeting could not be construed to They form no small or unimportant part of the  be works of necessity. bibliography of the period. The term " The New Upon rising from his seat, after listening to the Canaan " was freely applied to the country around-argument for nearly a week, his lordship paid a the " Massachusetts Bay." tribute to theÅ ancient economy by remarking that All of these theories and ideas may appear  quite fanciful and foolish. Nevertheless there was the laws of Moses on this subject were much clearer than ours. F. D. STARR. a considerable strata of truth underlying them In all of the contemporaneous records as well as in the later histories the coming of the Fathers to this THE London. Globe suggests the pulling down of country is spoken of as the " Puritan Exodus." And the monument to independence of the Transvaal, when we study into the very depths of those times. erected by the Boers at Paardskrall. Certainly; why it is easy to see that there were many really won-should it remain when that of which it is the symbol derful features connected with this wonderful move- has departed ? ment. 