SEPTEIVII3EE Y, 1803. .A.M1bAL-01C_A_1 277 Paul, The Pioneer Press, in its issue of Sunday, July 23, said :Š Those mistake who credit the failure of Sunday opening at the World's Fair to the indisposition of the people to attend on that day. It was no great ethical issue and no feeling with regard to Sabbath observance that settled the state of the Fair, but a simple and plain business proposition. . . . It was this practical consideration, and not any moral argument, that prevailed against the Sunday Fair. The average American will get his money's worth or know the reason why. This is the common sense -view of the case, and none but those who are blinded by religious fanaticism or by a desire that it might be so, could see in this " a triumph for righteousness," or a " victory " for Sunday. While this agitation surely will have a tendency to elevate Sunday before the people and the world, it will also most surely hasten on the work of intolerance and enforcement by law of the institutions of the Church, and the final overthrow of that monument of freedom for which our fathers fought, bled and died. H. F. PHELPS. Religious Equality and Sunday Laws. ON Monday evening, July 31, Mr. Jas. T. Ringgold, of Baltimore, delivered an able address in Chicago, on the subject of " Religious Equality and Sunday Laws." Mr. Ringgold began his lecture with a definition of religious equality. He dis-tinguished between religious equality and toleration, saying, that toleration implied inequality or the position of a superior towards an inferior. Between toleration and persecution, he said, there was no dis-tinction whatever, in principle; toleration, indeed, implies the right to persecute, and forbearance only at the superior's sweet will. He also said that there was some danger even in the use of the phrase, " religious liberty," because, insensibly, people are apt to connect what they call their " liberties," with the form of goiP ernment under which they happen to live, and the civil institutions around them; whereas, religious liberty, when it is the equivalent of religious equality, refers to a gift of the Deity to man, which is not based upon any particular constitution, or statutory system, and which cannot be affected by human devices or human laws. The lecturer said that wherever reli-gious inequality existed, there was to that extent, a union of Church and State and an established church, though there might be no establishment under the forms of law. He then traced the idea of the union of Church and State, and of the belief in the absolute necessity of this union to the preservation of social order, back to the beginning of society, when the king and the priest conspired together to impose a permanent yoke upon the people; the compact between them being that the priests should frighten the people into obeying the king and the king should compel the people to pay their tithes regu-larly to the priests. He said that all gov-ernment was originally based from the very nature of things, upon the consent of the governed, and that the idea of di-vine right, or of a government existing " by the grace of God," began when the union of Church and State was thus estab-lished and hereditary right, or " the right divine to govern wrong," was then in- augurated. This pagan practiceŠhe quoted from numerous pagan writers to proveŠwas regarded by the pagans as absolutely essential to the preservation of social order. He then quoted from Mac- chiavelli, Coleridge, Bismarck, Gladstone, and others, to show that this pagan idea has thoroughly permeated the minds of Christian philosophers and statesmen. After alluding to the imitation of the pagan systems in this regard by the Chris-tian nations of Europe and to the advo-cacy of its adoption by Catholics and Prot-estants alike, Mr. Ringgold proceeded to show that religious inequality was established by law in every one of the colonies which afterwards made up the American Union, and that it still exists in every American State. He called at-tention to the assurance recently given to the Canadians, by a prominent New York City paper, that they could join the United States without compromising in any way their present system of united Church and State. He said that this was an alarming statement, and all the more alarming because it was true, there being, as the journal in question said, nothing to prevent many American States from set-ting up an established church at any time in the Federal ConstitutionŠonly two States having an express provision against such an arrangement in their own con-stitutions. Among the traces of religious inequal-ity, and therefore of an established church, existing in what he called the " inorganic law" of American States, Mr. Ringgold cited the judicial oath, the exemption of Church property from taxation, and the Sunday laws. The first, ho said, was based upon the idea strongly held by pagans, but utterly inconsistent with the Christian conception of the workings of Deity, that somehow or other the individ-ual could, by his own act, place himself more completely under the jurisdiction of divine power than he was in the ordinary conditions of his life. The exemption of Church property from taxation, was ob-jectionable on civil and moral and reli-gious groundsŠon civil grounds, because it threw upon the rest of the community the burden of paying for the benefits of civil order, etc., which the exempted Church enjoyed free of cost to itselfŠon moral grounds, because the Church in its relations with the State is merely a corporation or citizen, and the first duty of good citizenship in time of peace, is the prompt payment of taxes, and the evil example set by the churches in this re-gard does more of harm than many ser-mons can do of good, it being in fact followed by other corporations, such as hospitals, charitable associations, secret orders, and the like, so that the total ex-emptions enjoyed in every State are the real causes of the burden of taxation under which everywhere the people are groaning. Mr. Ringgold objected to the exemption of Church property on reli-gious grounds because it was in connec-tion with this very question of taxation that the command was given by the Founder of Christianity, " Render unto Caesar the things which are Cmsar's." In dealing with the Sunday laws, he viewed them in two aspectsŠas religious ordinances and as civil regulations. In the first aspect, he claimed that they could not be sustained on account of any bene-fit which might be derived from them by the unwilling Sunday idler, because it is a fundamental principle of Christianity that no man is righteous in conduct to which he is compelled. Furthermore, he claimed that the pretense that Sunday laws were necessary for the proper dis-charge of religious devotions, by those  who would observe the day in the absence of any law, was as false in fact as it was insulting to all pious Sunday observers, inasmuch as all such persons performed their duties of devotion on many other days than Sunday without being in the slightest degree disturbed by the regular routine of life around themŠinstancing Saturday among the Jews, the Seventh-day Adventists, etc. ; the saints' days of the Catholic Church; Christmas, Good Fri-day, etc., of the Episcopalians; the prayer meetings of Mondays and Wednesdays, etc., among the Presbyterian and Meth-odists, and the great revival meetings held by the latter; in connection with not one of these occasions, he said, has it ever been pretended that any disturbance was caused by the pursuit of their regular occupations by the persons who did not choose to participate in the devotions. The civil side of Sunday, Mr. Ringgold said, it was difficult to deal with patiently because those who urged what is called " the holiday theory " of Sunday laws, are guilty of intellectual dishonesty, one of the greatest of crimes. Every Sunday law advocate knows perfectly well that he cares nothing whatever for this aspect of the case. All Sunday laws combine the prohibition of play with a prohibition of work, which sufficiently proves that they are not intended to establish holi-days, and it may safely be said that if the advocates of these laws were given their choice, they would sooner dispense with the prohibition of work than with the prohibition of play. In closing, the lecturer appealed to his hearers to sustain the International Re-ligious Liberty Association, the first or-ganized body in the world, he said, to enter the fight for religious equality in the name of the Founder of the Christian religion, whose teaching upon this subject was original with Himself, assigning as it did a new domain to religion, the heart and mind of man, one into which the civil power could never penetrate; and the lecturer declared that it had been too long left to the indifferent and the skeptic to echo back across the centuries the voice which proclaimed in the garden, " Put up again thy sword into its place, for all they that take the sword shall per-ish with the sword." Struggling to Rebuild Sunday on the Sand. THE zeal of the Sunday reformers is commendable. Their repeated efforts to rebuild what is already fallen, without seeking new foundations, show a lack of wisdom which no eager zeal can atone for. Repeated failure is assured until new foundations are laid. Mr. Crafts, speak-ing in Massachusetts, lately said :Š What shall we do about it ? 1. Organize to repeal the lawless law at the next legislature. This horrible disemboweling of the law could never have occurred if there had been an efficient society with an active salaried secretary ever on guard. Massachusetts would have pre-vented the State from rebelling against the Deca-logue, as Pennsylvania has just done, if there had been as good a State organization as Pennsylvania has. The way out is the way in. Make the Massa-chusetts Sunday Protective League so efficient that it can unmake this legislative crime. 2. Organize also to teach the people by lectures and literature, that the Massachusetts legislature has not made wrong right by legalizing it. God's law is the standard. In the calm light of facts Mr. Crafts' appeal is like the " Pope's Bull against the Comet." " An efficient society with 