404 laNrr Vot. 11, NO. 61. that organized wealth shall dictate high office and so take possession of the Govern-ment. . . . "No league of business men or other men based upon wealth can erect a governing class in this country. In the United States Senate we have millionaires and business men enough to serve all legitimate purposes. Senators are needed who have no specialties, but who will act for the interests of the country in gross without special affinities. "The people most deserving of representa-tion and most in need of legislative protec-tion are the farmers, the small storekee,pers, the artisans and the laborers, and I stand by them and against this so-called league. I go into the barricades with the bourgeoise and the men in blouses. . . . "There must be less business and more principle in our politics, else the Republican party and the country will go to wreck. The business issues are making our politics sordid and corrupt. The tremendous sums of money furnished by business men, reluctantly in most instances, are polluting the well springs of our national being." THOSE THREE THOUSAND CHURCHES. BY. DWIGHT L. MOODY. To THE EDITOR OF THE INDEPENDENT: IN a recent issue of your paper I saw an article from a contributor which stated that there were over three thousand churches in the Congregational and Presbyterian bodies of this country that did not report a single member added by profession of faith last year. Can this be true ? The thought has taken such hold of me that I can't get it out of my mind. It is enough almost to send a thrill of horror through the soul of every true Christian. If this is the case with these two large de-nominations what must be the condition of the others also ? Are we all going to sit still and let this thing continue ? Shall our relig-ious newspapers and our pulpits keep their mouths closed like " dumb dogs that cannot bark" to warn people of their approaching danger ? Should we not all lift up our voice like a trumpet about this matter ? What must the Son of God think of such a result of our labor as this ? What must an unbe-lieving world think about a Christianity that can't bring forth any more fruit ? And have we no care for the multitude of souls going down to perdition every year while we all sit and look on ? And this country of ours, where will it be in the next ten years if we don't awake out of sleep ? I wish some of you editors of the influential papers, who are in close touch with the min-isters and churches, would tell us what the matter is. Is this the result of what they call the "Modern Criticism" of the Bible? Is this a specimen of the better times, when we would get rid of the old stories about Moses writing the Pentateuch, and the sun and moon standing still, and the fish swallowing Jonah ? How much of all this is owing to the politics our ministers have been preaching lately, and the talks on the Labor question, and the stereopticon shows on Sunday even-ings, and all these other things that have been driving out the blessed gospel of Jesus Christ ? When ministers go into preludes on current topics, how can they expect any after-ludes of conversions ? Do Christian editors and ministers in these days believe in conversions as they used to do?  Won't your great paper please answer this question ? I hear of some men in high places who talk as tho all that was a thing of the past. "It's education now that men want," not salvation; is this the fact ? Are the churches going to turn over all the work of saving men to the Salvation Army, and the Volunteers and the Rescue Missions ? I know of a city, of about 50,000 inhabitants, where it seems to be the common talk that if a man wants to find Christ he mast go into the Young Men's Christian Association to find him. What a shame that churches should be run on such a plan that that kind of thing could be said! I am pleading just now every chance I get for all our churches to be open every Sunday night for the preaching of the gospel. I wish our religious papers would help me send that cry all over the country. It is time we gave up the abuse of the opportunity in substitut-ing temperance meetings and Sunday-school concerts and Endeavor rallies and all that kind of thing, right enough in their place, but not the one thing needful; workingmen and their families often can't get out but once on Sunday, and that is in the evening; why then should not .they have as good a chance to hear the gospel as other people ? Why should they be put off with that kind of an apology for a church service which is often seen ? Let some change of this character be brought about with the Week of Prayer at the beginning of the new year. Let the ball be set a-rolling then, and it will gain large mo-mentum before spring, and there will be great results. Won't you please help all you can, in every way, to get the churches pray-ing and preaching and 'working for souls ? Mr. Moody's questions deserve answers. He asks, Shall our religious newspapers and our pulpits keep their mouths closed like dumb dogs that cannot bark' to warn people of approaching danger ?" The answer is that they are doing it. And the probability is that they will continue to do it, because they do not believe that there is any approach- ing danger. How can anybody be expected to warn people of approaching danger when he does not believe any such thing ? Mr. Moody believes that the Lord is com-ing again to the world, and that He is coming soon. And this is the truth. He therefore knows that there is the greatest possible dan-ger to all who are not prepared now to meet the Lord. Mr. Moody and every one else who really believes the soon coming of the Lord can warn all people of approaching danger. But if Mr. Moody or anyone else should attempt to emphasize this great truth in the Independent, he would probably find even that paper questioning it and saying that there is no danger. Yet if not the Inde-pendent, it is certain that nine-tenths of "our religious newspapers and our pulpits " would do so. How then can they warn people of this approaching danger ? Mr. Moody and a few others can declare in genuine faith, as he did the other day in this city: " God will come in judgment to this world. . . . This world is getting darker and darker; its ruin is coming nearer and nearer; if you have any friends on this wreck unsaved you had better lose no time in get- ting them off." This is all true. And whether you have any friends on the wreck or not, so long as there is a single human be-ing on this wreck unsaved you had better lose no time in getting them off. Again we say this is all true, the word of God says it, and Mr. Moody and a few others believe it and so can work in faith, and work effectually. But we ask, How many of "our religious newspapers and our pulpits" believe any such thing as that "this world is getting darker and darker," and that "ruin is coming nearer and nearer" ? It can with perfect safety be said that hardly one in a dozen of them believe it. They preach the very oppo-site of this. They proclaim that the world is growing better and better and more and more light, and that it will continue to do so until an indefinite millenium shall be ushered in with a perfect blaze of world-wide glory. How can people who cling to such views as this, lift up their voice like a trumpet to warn peo-ple of any approaching danger ? Mr. Moody asks "Have we no care for the multitudes of souls going down to perdition every year while we sit and look on ?"ŠAh I but who does not know that now in leading theological seminaries, in many pulpits, and in some religious papers, it is a largely debat-able question whether there are any souls, much less multitudes, going down to perdi-tion ? True, the word of God says that "God so loved the world that he gave his only be-gotten Son, that whosoever believeth on him should not perish; " that " he that believeth not is condemned already;" that "he that believeth not shall be damned; " and that without God and without Christ they have "no hope." And Mr. Moody and some others believe this, and so can work in all earnestness to get people to believe the gospel that they may be saved from perdition. But when there are so many, and the number constantly growing, who through the new in-vention of " the larger hope " do not really believe that there is danger of anybody going to perdition, how can they preach the gospel of Christ which is given to save men from perdition ? He asks whether the things about which he inquires are the result of the Modern Criti-cism. Yes, Brother Moody, it is. The word of -God is giyen to be believed to the saving of the soul. But when it is only criti-cised to the destruction of both it and the soul, what other results can be expected? It is " the Word" that is to be preached. It is " the Word " that is able to save the soul. It is " the Word" that is to build up the be-liever and give him an inheritance among all them that are sanctified. But when that Word is criticised instead of being believed, how then can it save the soul of that critic ? And when his own soul is not saved, how can he preach salvation to others ? He does not know what it is, how can he preach it ? Yes, Brother Moody, these things are pre-cisely "what the matter is." Yet for all this we do not see how they can possibly resist Mr. Moody's exceedingly 