  36 AMERICAN SENTINEL.       the Constitution, from which Congress derives all its powers, than by express and direct application of its provisions." And upon this quotation the Weekly proceeds thus:Š "In other words, the limitations as 'to personal rights are not binding in law, but are binding in morals. Therefore, whenever Congress deems that morality, including the essentials of good 'government, requires that these limitations shall not be observed, it is not only its right, but its duty to disregard them. . . . "Congress, we think, under Justice Bradley's deci-sion, would not feel itself obliged to consider at all the limitations [of the Constitution] in framing a law for the government of the Philippines. It would probably deny to the Tagals, for example, the right of assem-bling, the right to bear arms, the security against search and seizure, guaranteed by our own people. . . . Con-gress, in a word, would have a perfectly free hand in establishing a government for any of our new posses-sions, as free as the British Parliament possesses in leg-islating for the empire." And the Weekly says that this view of the question is already the one adopted by the present national Administration, inasmuch as "Secretary Root Molds the view that the Constitution does not apply to the dis-tant territories;" and "he is now charged with the gov-ernment of all the colonies except Hawaii and Alaska:" and that Senator Frye in a published interview "is re-ported also to have said that the Constitution does not apply." So much for the new position in regard to the aban-donment of the Constitution by the Government, and the governing without the Constitution. However, it is interesting to notice the curious reas-oning, both of the Supreme Court and of Harper's Weekly, by which this abandonment of the Constitution is accomplished and justified. The Sipreme Court says that Congress, so far as it is subject to theConstitution at all in legislating for the Territories, is subject only by inference from the general,  spirit of it, rather than becahse of any "direct applica-tion of its provisions," and yet in the same breath says that it is the Constitution "from which Congress derives all its powers." And that is simply to say that the instrument "from. which Congress derives all its powers" may be disregarded by Congress in the exercise of cer-tain of its powers! In other words, that the Constitu-tion in bestowing upon Congress "all" the powers that Congress can have, has bestowed upon Congress the power to disregard the very instrument from which it derives all its powers!! A sheer absurdity. The Weekly, in explaining this passage from the Supreme Court decision, and in deriving comfort from it, says that the limitations of the Constitution are "not binding" upon Congress "in law," "but are bind-ing in morals." And then from this draws the remarka-ble conclusion that "Therefore, whenever Congress deems that morality requires that these limitations shall not be observed, it is not only its right, but its duty, to disregard them." Which is simply to say that "morality" can require the disregard of that which -is "binding in morals"! that "it would be duty to disre-gard" duty!! Another sheer absurdity. By such reasoning as is displayed in these two examples, it' is not in anywise surprising that men can perfectly satisfy themselves that the government of "the Colonies" can be conducted without the Constitu-tion. And by the same sort of reasoning they can very easily satisfy themselves on occasion that government at home here in these United States can also be con-ducted without the Constitution. In reviewing in these columns May 7, 1891, the Supreme Court decision quoted now by Harper' s Weekly, we said that it "at once creates [in these United States] a sovereign power [apart from the people] and clothes it with paternal authority. And if this doctrine shall be maintained, so that it becomes a principle of Ameri-can law, and shall become established as a principle of government here, then the revolution backwards is complete; government of the people is gone; and that of a sovereign parent of the people is put in its place. THEN the doctrine of the Declaration of Independence and of the Constitution is subverted and the doctrine of sovereignty, absolutism, and paternalism is established in its stead." And this is.now being fulfilled tic) the very letter, in very deed in the Government of the United States. At the time of the delivery of that decision by the Supreme Court, the Chief Justice, with Justices Field and Lamar concurring, in a dissenting opinion, uttered a warning to the same effect in the following words:Š "In my opinion Congress is restrained, not merely by the limitations expressed in the Constitution, but also by the absence of any grant of power expressed or implied in that instrument. And no such power as that involved in the act of Congress under consideration is conferred by the Constitution, nor is any clause pointed out as its legitimate source. I regard it of vital conse-quence, that absolute power should never be conceded as belonging under our system of government to any one of its departments. The legislative power of Con-gress is delegated and not inherent, and is therefore lim-ited. . . . Nor is there here any counterpart in Con-gressional power to the exercise of the ROYAL PREROGA-TIVE. [And such exercise is] in disregard of the funda-mental principle that the legislative power of the United States as exercised by the agents of the people of this Republic is delegated and NOT inherent." These items suggest that which is susceptible of abundant proof, that this repudiation of the principles of the Declaration and the Constitution by this nation is a thing of gradual growth and not of a sudden leap. It finds its life in the planting of principles years ago, which by clear thinkers were observed and pointed out at the time. And now that the thing is done in open acts, it is also by these thinkers seen to be but the logi- 