AMERICAN SENTINEL. 327 The British Medical Journal for July 3, 1897, men-tions the experiments of an Italian doctor at Monte- video, South America, who wanted to find out whether he was correct in supposing that he had discovered the "germ" of yellow fever. A satisfactory way to settle the question would be to inoculate a number of well persons with the germs and note the result. So he obtained five unsuspecting victims from the immigrant quarantine station and from a hospital. These were his "material!' To the vivisectionist a human being loses all personality and character as a soul related to God and man, to time and eternity, and becomes merely "matter." * OF his experiments and the results this physician s aid :Š "My experiments on man reached the number of five. . . . The injection of the filtered culture reproduced in man typical yellow fever. The fever, the congestion, the vomiting, the hemorrhages, the fatty degeneration of the liver, the headache, the backache, the inflammation of the kidneys, the jaundice, the delirium, the final col-lapse; in fine, all that conjunction of systems which con-stitutes the basis of the diagnosis of yellow fever I have seen unrolled before my eyes, thanks to the potent influ-ence of the yellow fever poison made in my laboratory." * * * ANOTHER example is the following, reported by Dr. Jansen, of the Charity Hospital of Stockholm, Sweden, in a lecture before the Medical Society of that city:Š "When I began my experiments with black smallpox pus, I should, perhaps, have chosen animals for the pur-pose. But the most fit subjects, calves, were obtainable only at considerable cost. There was, besides, the cost of their keep, so I concluded to make my experiments upon the children of the Foundlings' Home, and ob-tained kind permission to do so from the head physician, Professor Medin. "I selected fourteen -children, who were inoculated day after day. Afterward I discontinued them, and used calves. . . . I did not continue my experiments on calves long, once because I despaired of gaining my ends within a limited period, and again because the calves were so expensive. I intend, however, to go back to my experiments in the Foundling Asylum at some future time." OTHER examples might be cited, but these are suffi-cient as a sample of what is being done in "charity" hos-pitals and asylums in the name of science. Were ever deeds more perfectly diabolical in character? Was ever anything more utterly cruel than "science"? This is science with God left outŠthe "science" of the world, in contrast with the science of salvation. Science without God and religion without God are very much alike. Both are the essence of cruelty, and both are deadly ene-mies of human kind. Both ignore every individual right and every principle of justice and liberty. As REGARDS the bearing of the facts cited upon the question whether such things are done in the -United States, the pamphlet says that while numerous scientific societies and medical associations in this country have protested against putting any restriction upon tie practice of vivisection upon animals, not one, so fai as known, "has ever made the faintest protest against the atrocious subjection of infants to mutilation, to inocu-lation with loathsome and sometime fatal disease, or to any other form of human vivisection. . . . It is here condoned by significant silence, and by absence of all condemnation on the part of scientific bodies." * * Is DELIBERATE murder justifiable in the interests of "science"? Does the State hold to such a view? Is mur-der to be made safe under the cloak of science? Cer-tainly, if the State is to punish people who practice "Christian Science," which aims to cure the patient and at the worst only gives him no help, ten times more ought the State to punish the inhuman beings who do not scruple to put innocent babes to a more cruel death than the law allows to be inflicted upon .the worst of criminals. Six Months in the Chain Gang for Working on Sunday. LAST January A. J. Waters, a Seventh-day Advent-ist, of Gainesville, Ga., was indicted for "working on the Lord's day." On May 16, in the county court he was convicted and fined $20 and costs, or six months in the chain-gang. The case now stands appealed to the su-preme court of the State. The Georgia law, by which Mr. Waters was tried, is as follows:Š "Any person who shall pursue his business, or the work of his ordinary calling on the Lord's day, works of necessity or charity only excepted, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor." The seven State witnesses testified that they had seen the defendant, or some one, plowing, cutting oats, and sawing wood on specified Sundays, but could not affirm that such works were performed by him regularly on Sundays, and neither they or the indictment alleged that farming was the defendant's "business" nor his "ordinary calling." The State, therefore, really failed to indict by not alleging that farming was the defendant's business, for the law can only apply to him who shall "pursue his business or the work of his ordinary call-ing," and the testimony of the witnesses proved that the defendant did these special lines of work only for a short time on special specified occasions which could not bring them beyond the possibility of coming within the excep-tions of the law as works of necessity. While the defendant did not justify the work done by 