236 THE A.IVIERICA.N SENTINEL. We have italicized one sentence in this straightforward statement of the matter of difference between the editor and the church, because it gives in a few words the gist of the whole matter. The oppo-sition. to Sunday papers is not on account of the work done upon them on Sunday, but because they are read on Sunday, and the objection to this reading is, that it keeps people away from church. Of course the church has a right to overcome this difficulty if it can, .V proper means, that is by church discipline and by moral suasion, 'but it has no right to ask the State to interfere and forbid the publica-tion of Sunday papers. Who Will Run the Machine? AT one of the National Reform Conven-tions, a speaker describing the "typical American office seeker," said, " he may for a time pull back on the hind axle, and -scotch the wheels of National Reform; but when he -sees that the car is going -on to success, he will jump aboard and claifn a front seat." So it seemed that the speaker hoped to have the help of the " typical office seeker " in carrying out the scheme which they advocate. And who will prevent him from taking a front seat ? He can profess the Christian re-ligion as loudly as any of tifem. And the majority may decide to give him a front seat. Catholics and Protestants will help to get the National Reform machine run-ning; but who will run it ? Neither can claim the exclusive right; therefore the " typical American office seeker " will stand as good a chance as anybody. These religious fanatics know not what they do. They may fancy that they will get the control of the Government and run it as they please ; but they cannot tell what will be the result of converting our free Government into an engine of relig-ious oppression, as it certainly will be whenever the Nation professes religion, as they desire. But they will not take warn-ing; they- are determined to try their insane project. And some Of them al-ready have the spirit of persecution. It is often manifest that they have " blood in their eye." But many are deluded, and may see their error only when it is too late. R. F. COTTRELL. Evils of -Religioas Domination. IN the course of his remarks in the Senate, June 24, while that portion of the Diplomatic and Consular Appropria-tion Bill was under discussion, which has relation, to the recommendations of the International American Conference, Sen-ator Morgan, of Alabama, said:Š The South American States under the Spanish regime had one difficulty to encounter that we never really were cerifrented with, -which has been more potent, more influential, upon the destinies of those States than the negro question "has been in the United States, or any Other question which we have  had to contend with, not excepting our war with Great Britain ; and this is the inThience of an estab- lished religion. . . It has taken the better part of the lives of their respective Governments, and an enormous outlay of money, and the shedding of vast quantities of human blood, to free them from the mistake which we escaped through our good sense in discarding the domination of any religious sect or power or church in our Government, arid in adopting that wonderful scheme, promoted by Mr. Jefferson, of the divorce of the Church and the State. These peoples, one by one, nation by nation, have struggled out of the embrace of " this body of death," for this is what it was to them, politically considered, and as fast as they have broken away from it (and most conspicuously in the case of Mexico) they have risen at once to order and prog-ress and deliverance from embarrassment, and they have established themselves with wonderful rapid-ity in power, and in dignity, and in influence amongst the nations of the earth. Such utterances as these should be rec-ommended to the consideration of the judiciary of Tennessee, where it has just been decided, in Justice, Circuit, and Su-preme Courts, that a conscientious Chris-tian man who observes the Sabbath of the fourth commandment (the seventh day), might properly be indicted as a common nuisance, because he plowed corn on Sun-day in sight of some half dozen persons, part of whom were avowed spies on his actions with 'the intent to prosecute him because of their religious intolerance. "Quite Cautious," Indeed. THE following ringing article is from the Signs of the Times, a Seventh-day Adventist paper, published in Oakland, California :Š In the Christian Statesman of May 15, " N. R. J.," writing from this city, gives the object' of the " not very positive but quite cautious," Sunday-law plank in the California Prohibition Party's platform. We quote from his letter as follows :Š It will be noticed that the wording of the reso-lution is not very positive but quite cautious. It was evidently framed with the intention and ex-pectation of securing the approbation and votes of the SeVenth-day Adventists, who are not only a temperate people, hilt quite numerous in the State. If that was the object -of the plank, it will certainly-  fail of its purpose in the main. Seventhzday Adventists are an Ultra-temperance body, but they know too well the history of religious legislation in the past, and the "sure word of prophecy" regarding its future, to become in any sense, or to any degree, a party to open the door for its devastating work in this country. When this certain blot upon our civil and religious liberty does come, it 'Must come at the bidding bf those who are too blind to see, and too credulous to suspect, the poison sting that lies secreted by its " civil " smile. He further Says, 'by 'way Of emphasizing the cautious Character of the resOlttion, that "it ignores the Sabbath as a divine institution." Why, we ask, should it not be ignored as a divine institution, if a " civil " Sabbath is all that -is to be asked,  as heretofore represented by " N. R. J." himself, and his co-agitators ? Again, he complains that " it ignores the duty of ,the State to forbid work be-cause the divine law forbids it." We ask, What has the divine law to do with a " civil sabbath " ? The divine law does not recognize any such institution as a " civil sabbath." That law provides for a religious Sabbath, the keeping of a day holy, and designates what day,Šthe seventh day,Šthe day before the first day of the week. See Ex. 20: 8-11 ; Mark 16 : 1, 2; Luke 23 : 56 and 24 : 1. Why, then, should the State forbid work on a " civil sabbath" on the authority of the divine law ? Another complaint is, " it gives no pref-erence to the Christian Sabbath, or, indeed, any day, but favors only one day in seven as a rest-day." Why should they give preference to the " Christian Sab-bath," if only a " civil sabbath " is de-sired ? What difference does it make what day is set apart for " civil " pur-poses ? But "N. R. J." seems to be afraid that the " civil sabbath," for which he has so earnestly pleaded in Oakland and other places, will be all his party will get, if anything; and there is cause for suspicion that some ulterior design lurks behind this specious plea of a " civil sabbath " for the physical necessities of the tired work-ingman,Šthat " the saloonist would have an opportunity to go to church, or to the picnic, or to rest at home." Yet he says " for a political party convention this is better than nothing." With all the deceptive caution, however, designed to catch the Seventh-day Ad-ventist vote, " N. R. J." is doubtful, and properly-  so, that the game will win. He rather despairingly admits that " they are not likely to vote with any party that favors civil legislation in favor of even a ' civil sabbath' if this be the first day of the week." He knows very well that Seventh-day Adventists would not vote for civil legislation in favor of any kind of a Sabbath, civil or religious. But why did he add that last clause, "if this be the first day of the week" 2  The insinuation is that for some other day they would favor it; that they are actuated solely by a wicked disregard of Sunday. And this is in harmony with the endeavor of the national Sunday-law advocates, who strive to create the impression that only seventh-day keepers would be affected by the law. Seventh-day Adventists are not only opposed to civil legislation in favor of any kind of a Sabbath, but they are opposed to civil legislation for a Sabbath on any day of the week. To enforce by civil lau a so-called "civil sabbath," or that other imaginary absurdity, an American Sab-bath, is subversive of the liberties guaran-teed by the Federal Constitution; and it is unwarranted by the word of God. And to presume -to add civil law to the coin- 