162 THE .AMERICAN SENTINEL. ashamed of the gospel of Christ : for it is the power of God unto salvation to every , one that believeth; to the Jew first, and also to the Greek. For therein is the righteousness of God- revealed; from faith to faith: as it is written,. the just [the righteous] shall live by faith. Once more we read, " As by the disobe-dience of one many were made sinners, so by the obedience of one shall many be made rightemis." Rom. 5 : 19, It is by the obedience of Christ that men are made righteous, and not by their own obedi-ence; it is by his righteousneSS-  that men are made righteous; for he it is " whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past." Romans 3 : 25. Therefore " TO him that worketh not but believeth on him that justifieth the ungodly his faith is counted for righteousness; even as David describeth the blessedness of the man to whom God imputeth right-eousness without works." Rom. 4: 5, 6. Thus it is manifest that it is only by faith in Christ that righteousness can be obtained. Therefore for the State to in-culcate righteousness, it would necessarily have to inculcate faith in Jesus Christ. This again would be but to turn the State into a Church. But if the State is to do this, what shall the Church do ? If the State becomes the Church, then where shall the Church itself appear ? More than this, when the gospel is preached to men and they receive it, there is another step to be taken. Chr,ist said " Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." And, again, " Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature; he that believeth and is baptized, shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall be damned." Thus, in order to be righteous, it is essential that a person shall have faith in Christ. In order to manifest ac-ceptable 'faith in him, it is essential that that person should be baptized, and thus further it is seen that, in order to incul-cate righteousness, the State must become the Church, but such a thing as that is impossible; the State cannot become the Church, and as certain as it is that the State cannot become the Church, so cer-tain it is that the State can never incul-cate righteousness. The very few scriptures which we have here cited are sufficient to show the wild absurdity of the statement of the Chris-tian Union,. We, might fill columns of this paper with scriptures to the same effect, but these are sufficient to show how ut-terly impossible it is for the State to in- culcate righteousness, and it is most singu-lar indeed-how the Christicm Union could ever seriously make such a suggestion. The State knows no such thing as right-eousness; it never can know it; and never knowing it, it is certain -that it never can teach it, There is, indeed, another kind of right-eousness that the Scriptures tell about, that is, -self-righteousness, but it is hardly to be supposed that the Christian Union , means that the State ought to inculcate self-righteousness upon the minds of the children. The only two kinds of -right:  eousness that exist are God's righteous-ness and self-righteousness. The State cannot inculcate God'S righteousness; it ought not to inculcate self-righteousness; therefore the State can never have any thing to do With the inculcation of right- eousness. A. T. J. "Appropriate" Sunday Reading, THE President of the American Sabbath Union, Mr. Elliott F. Shepard, is down on Sunday newspapers. More, to read a Sunday newspaper is desperately wicked, yet in the issue of his own paper, the Mail and Express, for April 12, he says:Š The advertising world will please take notice that Saturday's Mail and Express has the largest circulation of the week. Those who do not like to buy a newspaper on Sunday, buy our Saturday is-sue, knowing that in it will be found some reading appropriate for Sunday. Indeed I Then it seems that it is not the fact that the paper is read on Sunday that constitutes the evil, but that it is bought on Sunday; because to buy the Mail and Ex-press on Saturday, and read it on Sunday is commendable! Well, for that matter, there are very few of the Sunday papers that are actually bought on Sunday. Doubtless nine out of every ten of them are paid for by the week, or by the month, and are never paid. for on Sunday; and it is certain that they are not printed on Sunday. And even the plea that the Sunday pa-per keeps people away from church is annihilated by Mr. Shepard's statement; because the reading of a Saturday paper can keep people away from church just as well as the reading of a Sunday paper. It is true that the Mail and Express is not as large as the Sunday papers, yet the Saturday issue in which this statement is found, has eight large pages with much closely printed matter upon them and in small type, which makes about as much reading as a person' could well get through with Sunday forenoon between breakfast and dinner time. Then, as to the quality of the Sunday reading. It is claimed that when people do read the Sunday paper and go to church, their minds are so illy prepared for the worship that it is almost imposssi-ble for the preacher, with all his efforts, and all the services put together, to over-come the evil influence. Now is the Sat-urday's Mail and Express of so altogether pious a character as to be a help to Sun-day worship when read on Sunday ? Let us see. On the first page, besides the general foreign and domestic political news, we  find a report of the principal English horse race; a report of a,Łsuit for divorce;' a report of a malicious prosecution and two liquor adVertisements. On the second page a letter from Rome occupies nearly a column; a half column of matter is given to the Grant Monu-ment; then comes real estate gossip, " So-cial Chitchat," quotations of bonds, rail-road and bank stocks, etc. The third page has four columns of reading matter, three columns of which are deVotecl to horse races, base ball and such like;- and the rest of these four columns is filled up with a story under the head of " A Crime at Sea." The rest of that page is advertisements. Then comes the editorial page, begin-ning with this scripture:Š Forbearing one another and forgiving one an-Other, if any man have a quarrel against any; even as Christ forgave you:, se also do ye. Then come the editorials, headed " Fool-ish Surrender to Chicago ;" " A Hoodlum Bill ;" "Let Them Join a Democratic Club ; " " The Dummy Rapid Transit Com-mission ; " " Another Important Saxton Bill ; " " To Advertisers ;" " Great Cry, Little Wool; " " The Jersey City Investi-gation;" "The Kara Flogging Case ; " and " The Republic of Brazil." In the editorial to advertisers is the recommen-dation that the people read the Mail and Express on Sunday. Then comes a letter from Senator Blair on the absurdity of the outcry about Religious Liberty, and kindred stuff. Then miscellaneous mat-ter, poetry, and line items, closing up the page with seven advertisements, one of which is of whiskey, and another is of that brand of champagne which seems to be the favorite of the Mail and Express. The fifth page is devoted to miscellane-ous matter about " Life in New York," " Spring Fashions," " Reminiscences," "Ghosts," etc,, with nearly two columns of advertisements, amongst which is one of liquor. The sixth page has a column and a half interview with. Patti upon " How to Train the Voice;" a two column interview with Dr. Depew on " The New South ; " and something over two columns of miscellane-ous matter about a certain humorist, tor-nadoes, hotels, etc. The rest of the page, a little over two columns, is devoted to advertisements, amongst which is another one of a certain brand of "good whiskey." The seventh page reading matter is de-voted to " The Religious World." Three columns are filled with a sermon; "A Typical Ł Papist Prayer; " " News and Opinion;" then nearly two columns of church. notices. The rest of the page, three and a, half columns; is filled with advertisements, without any of liquor. The eighth and last page has the first column filled with an account of a strike, Moody's Work, Base Ball Games, a Grand Ball, a Fair, and otho items. The second colunin is filled with gMip about the the- 