598 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. air Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Poet-office.) The Power of Uwe. THE power of love is the greatest power in the uni-verse. It is the power of God; for "God is love." And being the greatest power in the universe, it is the power bequeathed to the Christian Church for the accomplish-ment of her mission in the world. It is the power of love that is represented by the cross of Calvary. "God so loved the world, that he gave his only-begotten Son." And the Son of God so loved the lost human family that he voluntarilydescended from his throne of glory to hang as a malefactor upon the instru-ment of torture and death. The channel of this powerŠthe channel of loveŠis self-sacrifice. By self-sacrifice, therefore, the Christian Church is to accomplish her appointed work for man-kind. In nothing i$ self to be exalted or ministered unto. There can be no seeking after earthly power, no grasping for worldly honor or position. The Head of the Church renounced the power, the honor and glory that he had in heaven, and sought none of these upon the earth; and so long as she is directed by her Head, the church will manifest only His spirit and character to the world. The power of love is the opposite of the love of power. This reversal of the divine principle came about in the early history of the church, and there was a strife in the church as to which should be the greatest. And after many years of this strife, the bishop of RomeŠthe pope Šwas elevated to the seat of supreme authority and power, the power not of love and self-sacrifice, but of authority over men, and of worldly honor. The pope becameŠwhat he has ever since continued to beŠa mighty factor in politics. And when the church engages now in political strife, she is moved by the same spirit which led the church into politics in the early centuries. As much of political power as was possessed by the dying Son of God upon the cross, as much of worldly honor and preeminence as was then his, so much and only that may properly be held and exercised by the Christian Church to-day. How Religion Must Be Taught. THAT religious teaching is wholly out of place in in-stitutions maintained by the state, is evident to the can- did thinker when he considers what is absolutely neces-sary to make religious teaching successful. An exchange quotes the testimony of a Catholic archbishop on this. point, and comments thus:Š "In his annual lenten pastoral letter to the Roman Catholic clergy and lairy of the archdiocese of Melbourne, last February, Archbishop Carr, speaking of the attempt to introduce religious instruction into the state schools.  in Victoria, said:Š " 'If religious instruction is to be given in any way that can be regarded as efficient, it must be givelt in prac-tically denominational schools. It must be given, not as if it were a deadly poison, in the smallest possible doses, nor as the residuum of all the heresies, which is known as common Christianity; but it must be given in full and flowing measure, as being the water of a foun-tain springing up to life eternal.' "This is true. And the very fact that those who de-mand that religious instruction sha 1 be given in the stateŁ schools find it necessary to guard the proposal with "conscience clauses" and "double roll calls," and limit it to so small a range as they do, in the hopes of suiting everybody and offending nobody, is itself proof not only of the ineffi..iency of the proposed scheme, but that it is altogether out of place in a state system of education, and incompatible with the genius of civil government." THE prayers which are addressed to the legislatures are not apt to be answered by the Lord. 0-4  They Simply "Put Up With " It. ARCHBISHOP IRELAND, speaking in the Ca,tholic Review of August 24, says:Š "It is the policy of the Catholic ChurchŠa policy al-most as old as the church itselfŠto support the existing government." In view, however, of the fact that Italy, while un-doubtedly an "existing government," not only receives no support from the Catholic Church, but is made to feel her active hostility, an exchange suggests that certain omissions should be supplied in the archbishop's words to express the full truth, thus: "It is the policy of the Catholic Church, . . . to support [herself at] the [expense of the] existing government." And in case any government will not support the Catholic Church, then her policy is as laid down in a late papal encyclical, which says that while Catholics will "put up with" such a gov-ernment, "they will never be able, without violating the most sacred duties, to uphold it by their adhesion or support." The Government of the United States has refused to support the Catholic Church in Porto Rico and the Phil-ippines, and good Catholics are simply "putting up with" it as it is to-day. 