AMERICAN SENTINEL. 39 its salient and characterizing features. The nation must take and hold the Philppines because they are -valuable. They will give us wealth in Asiatic trade and territory, and they contain valuable wood, gold mines, and other treasures. In a word, we must have all this because it means riches to us. This is the consideration urged upon the American people; and in what way does it differ from the consideration which moves to any act of robbery, from seizing territory down to robbing a bank or'plundering a house? And the nation is thus to become a,,world power; and not only that, but it is actually to rule the world. And this is the will of God, and is to result in setting up the kingdom of the Son of Man! It is a project which appeals to all classes of people, save those who hold that all beings created in the image of God are endowed with sacred rights. The wealth to be gained appeals to the avaricious. The "world opportunity," "world glory," and world rule appeal to the ambitious; and the "call of God" to go forward and set up the "empire of the Son of man," appeals to the religious_ All these can unite in giving it enthusiastic support; and all,  present indications affirm that this will actually be done. And who can now say that this Republic has not mow reached the greatest crisis in its history? In the Light of History. IT is never safe to view current events and determine the character of a movement they represent, without the light that can be thrown upon them from history. "History repeats itself," and "the things written afore-time, were written for our instruction and admonition." To ignore the lessons of history is to invite the compan-ionship of error and disaster. The following passages from the history of the American Revolution, by Sir George Trey elyan, an Eng-lish writer, are suggestive of a way in which history is repeating itself to-day. They present a parallel between what was then the cause of patriotism, and what is now declared to be only dishonor and treason:Š "The ,drop scene of the impending American drama as presented to British eyes, was a picture of the New England character daubed in colors which resembled the originals as little as they matched each other. The men of Massachusetts were sly and turbulent, puritans and scoundrels; pugnacious ruffians and arrant cow-ards. This was the constant theme of the newspapers and the favorite topic with those officers of the army of occupation whose letters had gone the rounds of clubs and country houses. The archives of the Secretary of State were full of trite calumnies and foolish prophecies. Bostonians, so Lord Dartmouth was informed, were elot only the worst of subjects but the most immoral of men. . . . If they could maintain a state of independ-,enee they would be at war among themselves. (Italics ours.) And the following expresses the views of the Tory refugees after the evacuation of Boston:Š "In their view congressmen and committeemen were a set of rascals, who only sought to feather their own nest and not to serve their country. According to the theory in these circles Otis started the agitation, which started everything, because his father missed a judge-ship. Joseph Warren was a broken man who sought to mend his fortunes by upsetting those of others. John Hancock, too rich to want a place, suffered from wounded vanity, because compelled to walk behind his betters in the order of precedence. Richard Henry Lee had been balked of an appointment as distributor of stamps under the Act which then, and only then, he came forward to denounce. John Adams turned rebel because he was refused a commission of the peace, and Washington never forgave the British war office for having treated hi'm with the neglect which was the nat-ural portion of provincial military officers." And there was much In appearance at that time to justify these views. The United States was then far from being the strong, compact Government which the world beholds to-day. Events were constantly happen-ing which were suggestive of anarchy and approaching political dissolution. Life and property were nowhere safe under the law. Congress moved about from place to place to avoid the invasions of British troops, and if there were enemies of the patriot cause who were pleased to scoff at the American "portable govern-ment," they had facts upon which to base their ridicule. Even after victory had crowned the American arms, Congress, though nominally a body of 91 members, was rarely attended by a third of that number. "It degen-erated to a mere debating club; was menaced by muti-nous, unpaid troops, and forced to wander from town to town to find an abiding place. It possessed no na-tional weight whatever." Those who had confidently asserted that the colonies, independent, would be at war among themselvesŠjust as confidently as the like assertion is made with reference to another people to-dayŠsoon found much to justify their prediction. Another authority says:Š " The various States, as soon as peace was made with England, were involved at once in territorial disputes, the most serious of which occurred between Connecticut and Pennsylvania. Both claimed the valley of the Wyoming, but the majority of the settlers were from Connecticut. The award was finally made to Pennsylvania, and no further trouble was apprehended. But during the winter of 1784 snow was deep and remained well into spring; went off rapidly and flooded the smiling, fertile valley of the Wyoming, burying the farms under a blanket of pebbles and sand. The people were starving. President Dickinson urged the legislature to send prompt relief; but, incredible as it may seem, it refused to help the accursed Yankees; they deserved all they got for settling on Pennsylvania territory. 'The flood was the hand of God punishing trespassers!' A scheme was launched to drive out the starving settlers and apportion their lands among a clique of speculators, so instead of food and raimenr, 