AMEItiCAN SEN TIN EL. 275 throw the balance of power out of its present equilibrium and necessitate a readjustment which could only come after a fearful expenditure of life and treasure. It is statedŠand there is every reason to credit itŠthat the real reason why the threatened "concert of Eu- rope" against the United States was not put into effect, was that the Powers of Europe feared that such a step would so arouse the military spirit in this country that Americans would not be satisfied until they had built a navy which would be one of the most formidable in the world. The Powers fear that they will have to reckon with this nation, not only in maintaining their posses-sions in American waters, but in pursuing their policy of dividing up the rest of the world between themselves; and there is certainly ground for their apprehensions. Hence they are most unwilling to see the United States become a power which could back up any of its demands by a tremendous armament on the seas. Already it is beginning to be talked that as an outgrowth of the present state of things, the near future will see an alliance between England, the United States, and Japan, which will entirely upset the present balance of power throughout the world. An alliance between nations of a common origin, language and religion is only naturally to be expected in the face of hostility from other powers; while force of circumstances has put Japan where she may be looked upon as a probable third party in such a compact. But most significant of all is the fact that the United States itself is beginning to favor a departure from the traditional policy of keeping aloof from the affairs of other nations. That was the policy urged upon the Gov-ernment by Washington, when the nation started out upon its career as an independent power. That policy, it is now said, was good while the nation was in its infancy and needed to giveits attention to the development of its own territory; butŠand this is said by men in positions of influenceŠit was not meant to be the policy of the na-tion for all time; and the time has now come when the United States should assert its position ampng the na-tions, and take a part in the dividing up of the territory of the earth. This policy is being advocated to-day; this sentiment is growing, and it is growing rapidly. And these things being so, it is evident that whatever may be the events of the war, the outcome will be one which will vitally affect the interests of the nation, and of the world. For, at the least, the war will greatly stimulate the military sentiment which is already too prevalent in the land, as witness the "Boys' Brigades" which are a common fea-ture of the publicŠand even of the churchŠschools. It must greatly stimulate the growth of the navy, and the tendency to an alliance with some one or more of the Powers of Europe. In short, its direct tendency must be to join this nation with the military powers of the Old World in a general melee of war and strife for which the nations have long been in arms, and which is set down in prophecy as the final catastrophe of the world. Archbishop Ireland Is Going to :Explain. ARCHBISHOP IRELAND has publicly announced that he is going to "make a public reply to the attacks made upon him." By "the attacks made upon" him, he means what has been said upon his and the pope's meddling with the affairs of the United States, and their manipula- ting the President, and making a Punch-and-Judy show of Congress. He says that when he does come out, "The publication of his letter will be timely." Yet, with this preliminary:announcement of what he is going to do, he takes occasion to explain at considera-ble length why he did what helhas already done, and to tell a good deal of what he expects to do. And in this there are some points worth considering. He says that when the pope wanted toluse his "good offices for the preservation of peace, it became necessary that some one in Washington should be in a position to send him hourly bulletins, if necessary, of the attitude of the A dmistration." Of course for anybody to do that, he would have to be in the very inner circles of the councils of the Adminis-tration. He says that the papal delegate "Martinelli was first selected for this place," but that "he declined to act, upon the ground that he ',,could not possibly have any standing at the White House, being merely an eccle-siastical representative of the Vatican." And lo! when one who was "merely an ecclesiastical representative of the Vatican," could not act, because he was that, then one who was an ecclesiastical representative of the Vati. can was chosen to act because he:was thatŠand more. Martinelli could not act because, being "merely an ecclesiastical representative of the Vatican," he could not possibly have any standing at the White House. Then the thing is shifted and an ecclesiastical representative of the Vatican is chosen who can have such standing at the White House, as to be able to send hourly bulletins of the Administration. In other words, in order to get in his work, the pope must have an agent, a representa-tive, in the inner circle of the Administration; Martinelli did not have the qualifications; and Archbishop Ireland did have the qualifications; therefore Archbishop Ireland was chosen. But what were these qualifications that adapted Archbishop Ireland for a position that the apostolic delegate could not fill. The archbishop tells us. And here they are: "It was then determined that the close and cordial friendship which existed between Archbishop Ire-land and President McKinley and his whole cabinet, joined to the fact that he is an eminent American citizen, made him a fit instrument through which negotiations could be conducted." Now ecclesiastically President McKinley is a Method- ist. How is it that there exists such a "close and cordial friendship" between a Roman Catholic ecclesiastic and him, as to gain.for that ecclesiastic a position and knowl-edge that would enable him to send "hourly bulletins of the attitude of the Administration"? How is this, when 