JANUARY 24, 1895. SMN'IlIN101L4., 29 young that Jesus Christ has delegated his power on earth to the pope, and that the 'exercise of this power is for the benefit, religious and social, intellectual and moral, temporal and eternal, of humanity. But we know that to teach the youth this is to undermine the safeguards of society. We know that the exercise of this " great" " authority " of the pope has always been and ever will be the curse, religious and social, intellectual and moral, temporal and eternal, of humanity. But the delegate anticipated dissenters, and remarked in this connection thatŠ One who cannot see or would venture to deny the justice of these considerations would merit no atten-tion from reasonable and well-thinking men. We cannot see the justice of these con-siderations and therefore venture to deny them; and although we may not " merit ' attention, we are very certain we will ere-long receive attention. Alexander Campbell on Compulsory Sunday Observance. [In 1820 there was organized in West Middletown, Washington Co., Pa., a society, called the West Mid-dletown Moral Society. The principal object of the society was to enforce the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, which is still on the statute books of the State. This Moral Society was organized by the United Presbyterians, the same people who, later in 1868, organized the National Reform Association. Alex-ander Campbell, the founder of the Christian or Dis-ciple Church, ably opposed the society in a series of articles published in the Reporter, of Washington, county seat of Washington County. His articles were signed " Candidus." A United Presbyterian minister, by the name of Wylie, attempted to defend the society, and signed himself " Timothy." The discussion con-tinued from April 17, 1820, the date of Mr. Campbell's first article, to February 22, 1822, during which time almost every phase of the compulsory Sunday law question was treated. As a result the Moral Society perished, not to appear again until 1863 when it was revived by the same denomination under the name, National Reform Association. Every word of Mr. Campbell's invincible logic and withering denuncia-tion is applicable to the association, resuscitated under the name, National Reform Association, and kindred organizations, such as the American Sabbath Union, the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, etc.] MR. T.'s fifth argument is, " that there are political reasons for the enforcement of the Sabbath." These political reasons are as follows : " Let it be made lawful to labor for the seven days of the week, and the consequence will soon be that the laborer would have no more for the labor of seven days than he now does for the labor of six days." A strong argument truly. To keep up the price of labor, the rich and poor must keep the " Sabbath." If politicians are to legislate on the ob-servance of " holy times," to enhance the value of labor, it would be good policy to compel the rich and poor to observe the seventh day, or Jewish Sabbath, and the first day also; then the number of working days would be reduced to five, and the price of labor would be enhanced. But what would be done with that class of the community called clergy, who generally earn wages seven days in the week; many of them being farmers, some of them being presidents of colleges, store keepers, etc., who make money every clay, but especially on the " Sabbath "? But perhaps it would be a sin to diminish the number of their working days, as they are a privileged 'order. It is, however, a good rule that works both ways, and perhaps the number of their working days ought to be dimin-ished. "In the house of . representatives of Connecticut, March 27, 1821, an act for  the observance of the Sabbath was taken up and debated. Mr. Welch said that we had begun at the wrong end of the com-mandment. We should enforce that part of it which directs us to labor six days before we enforce the keeping of a Sab- bath. N. H. PATRIOT." I think Mr. Welch's opinion is as good as Mr. T.'s, and I would recommend Mr. T. to consider it. Consistency is the great-est ornament of character and essentially necessary to recommend our profession and to demonstrate our sincerity. A compulsory observance of the ordi-nances of Christ is the most incongruous and contemptible thing in the world. It is the quintessence of folly in them who compel and in those who are compelled. It is in direct opposition to every precept of Christianity, and even to the constitu-tion of a good civil government. What an insult on Christianity, to see an over-awed, constrained and intimidated assem-bly meeting either to save their fine, or to keep fast, or to maintain the appearance of devotion ! How unlike to the true worshipers, who worship in spirit and in truth !ŠCandidu (Alexander Campbell), in Washington (Pa.) Reporter, Nov. 5, 1821. The Secular Power Decides What is Sacred. THE folly and wickedness of religious legislation were illustrated in Boston re-cently, at the hearing before the police commissioners for the purpose of closing the Sunday evening concerts at the the- aters. The petition against these concerts was made by the Massachusetts Sunday Protective League and other religious organizations, on the ground that they did not meet the requirements of sacred concerts. The judgment of what was sacred and what was secular was left to the police commissioner to decide for the people of Boston. I quote the following from the Boston Globe of Dec. 6. Speak-ing of General Martin, chairman of the Board of Police, it says :--- He was not called upon to decide the relative merits of Patti and Melba, but was asked to say whether the length of Mamie Gilroy's dress, or the strength of Maggie Cline's voice, went beyond the dividing line between sacred and secular performances. He and his colleagues were also called upon to interpret the meaning of sundry jokes and conundrums, and to say whether or not they bore out the dictionary meaning of the word sacred. What was sacred and what secular was discussed with all the gravity of a church council. During the discussion the ques-tion was asked whether the petition against these Sunday concerts was on the ground that they were criminal of themselves, or because they did not conform to the ideas of Sunday sacredness held by the petitioners. After that there was not so much said about Sunday sacredness, and much more about the immorality and wickedness of these shows. I quote the following from the Boston Herald, to show the folly of their position :Š The hearing before the Board of Police last week, anent the propriety of permitting concerts to be given in the theaters on Sunday evening, brought forth much in the way of showing how performances that are innocuous on week days become fraught with dreadful consequences when given on Sunday. Much stress was laid on the many young people who were seen air these shows, and it would seem that the very worthy people who have instituted charges against these Sunday entertainments imagine that Mamie Gilroy, attired in a gown that reached no lower than  the knees, might sing her songs harmlessly on Monday, but that on Sunday the same songs and the same attire become something very dangerous to public morals. The president of the Massachusetts Pro-tective League was asked at the close of the hearing, why they did not close the theaters and stop the immorality and wickedness seven days in the week instead of only one. The reply was that they intended to do that, but was beginning with Sunday. A strange way to begin to stop vice. GEO. B. WHEELER. Cardinal Gibbons vs. Father Elliott. AFTER reading the many admissions from Roman Catholic catechisms, period- icals, and letters from cardinal, bishop, and priest, that the Catholic Church changed the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day of the week, without any warrant of scripture, and especially the statement made by the Catholic Mirror, that "The claims of Protestants to any part therein" (the Sunday) is "proved to be groundless, self-contradictory, and suicidal; " I have read " Father" Elliott's article in the December number of the Catholic World, in which he says he takes the so-called " Protestant side of the con-troversy," maintaining that there is Bible authority for the change of the day. Without doubt this utterance was a sur-prise to many, but when it is stated that Priest Elliott is one of the " Paulist Mis-sionary Fathers," whose mission is to proselyte from Protestantism, we can un-derstand why he takes the " Protestant side of the controversy," and why Rome is blowing hot and cold on this subject. "The end justifies the means," is an old established principle with Rome, and " Father " Elliott is only tweedling Prot-estants to accomplish his ends. It is a case of "the spider and the fly," and the eloquent propagandist wants to drop some poor deluded " orphans " (apostate Protes-tants) into the lap of an adopted " mother" (Rome). See, Revelation, 17th chapter. But let us notice his statements as com-pared with those of Cardinal Gibbons. " Father " Elliott says :Š In the question box our only abundant matter was furnished by the Seventh-day Adventists.  They seemed surprised that I took the Protestant side of the controversy on the question of Sunday observ-ance. . . . I maintained that, first, a " Bible Christian," one.who holds to the private interpreta-tion of the Scriptures as the only rule of faith, can and must believe that the entire ceremonial law of the Jews is totally abolished by Christ including all litur-gical observances whatever, no less the Jewish Sab-bath than the Jewish sacrifice. Second, I maintained, with the catechism of the Council of Trent, that there in evidence in the New Testament of the selection by the apostles of the Sunday as a substitute for the Mosaic Sabbath; and if the texts are not conclusive of an obligation, they are still plainly indicative of the apostolic origin of the new custom. It must be acknowledged by all that the Jews kept "the seventh day " according to the fourth (Catholic, third) command-ment; and if, as Priest Elliott says, the Sabbath was abolished with the ceremo-nial law, then, as a matter of fact, the fourth commandment which says, "the seventh day is the Sabbath," must also be abolished. As " Father " Elliott quotes the Council of Trent, I intend to meet him on his own ground. In the " Catholic Church History," in "Half Hours with the Servants of God,"* is found the following concerning the *Published by Murphy and McCarthy, New York, and "ap-proved by Cardinals Gibbons, Manning, and Newman, and many others." 