 118 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      "To oppose these Christian ministers and the noble Governor of our State is to me a painful duty. But I could not refrain from the task without failing to dis-charge an obligation which I owe to the people of the State, and especially to the denomination of Christians which I represent. It is in the spirit of kindness and Christian charity that I enter my solemn protest against the measure recommended by these distinguished men. "When Jesus said to Pontius Pilate, 'My kingdom is not of this world,' he announced a principle, which, if universally observed ,would keep religion forever separate from the state and give to every human being on the globe the utmost liberty of conscience. "It was never Christ's purpose to have any conflict with temporal government. No teacher ever taught with more emphasis and clearness of man's obligation to obey civil authority. "There cannot be any conflict between religion and the, state so long as each acts within its own legitimate sphere, and performs its own legitimate functions. The dominion of Christ is over the human spirit. Within the realm of faith and conscience he is the King of kings, and Lord of lords. As his kingdom is absolutely spirit-ual it can have no connection with external government. Its laws can be enforced only by spiritual sanction. "The functions of the state is to deal with men's outward, earthly, and temporal affairs. It has to do only with civil offenses, and can punish only by the infliction of civil pains and penalties. The church should never invade the sphere of the state, and the state should never enter the sphere of the church. When either departs from this principle it degrades itself in the eyes of God and men. "Christ took no step to connect his cause with the state. Not in the remotest way did he ever hint that it needed the support of the civil power. His kingdom rules in a higher sphere, and has all needful laws and forces of its own for the accomplishment of its sacred purposes. It needs no help from the state,and wherever it has accepted or invited such help it has soiled its purity and weakened its power. For a thousand years the alliance of religion with external government made the church, or what was called the church, a mother of harlots and abominations. "The authority of the church is spiritual, and only spiritual. Its work is spiritual. Its mission is to seek, by the agency of divine truth and grace, to bring men into right spiritual relations with God and each other, and thus prepare them for virtuous living here and everlasting blessedness hereafter. "Civil laws which establish one form of worship, and forbid or restrict other forms, are based upon the unwarranted and mischievous assumption that it is the function of the State to determine for its subjects what is the true faith and worship. That heresy is the mother of all the religious persecutions that have stained with blood the annals of our race. This heresy reappears to-day in various forms. "It reappears in an organized effort to put a recog-nition of Christianity into the organic law of our Repub-lic, and in the avowed purpose of a certain secret organ-ization to prevent men who hold to 'a certain religious creed from having any voice in the government under which we live. Down with it! Down with it! It is the blackest treason against the rights of man. It is a con-spiracy against the blood-bought freedom bequeathed to us by our patriot sires. It is as wicked as the spirit which kindled the martyr fires of Smithfield and drenched the soil of France with the precious blood of liberty-loving and God-fearing Huguenots. Down with it! Load it with righteous indignation! Brand it with the hissing iron of virtuous scorn! "All that the State can rightfully do for religion is to protect it. The protection which it extends to one sect it must extend to all. It is unwarranted interference to make any distinction in the matter of protection, in favor of Protestant, Papist, or Jew or Mohammedan or pagan. Every human being who breathes the air of this planet has the natural right to worship what he pleases, whether it be Jehovah, or pope, or sun or moon, or mountain or tree, or beast or bird, and it is the solemn duty of the State to protect him in the exercise of this right. "When any body of Christians receive or ask from the state more than protectionŠwhen they accept or petition for patronage in any formŠthey not only tres-pass upon the rights of conscience and violate the fundamental principles of religious liberty, but confess to a weakness in the religion to which they hold. "We profess to believe in the immortality of Christian truth. We claim that our religion is from the Lord God OmnipotentŠthat it is inherently divine and, therefore, cannot be overthrown by men or devils. "We profess to belong to a kingdom which has the God-man for its head, and that it can, and will; possess the earth, not only without the help of temporal king-doms, but in defiance of every combination they can make against it. "Now,when we seek any alliance with, or any patron-age from, the State, we contradict ourselves and confess to a weakness which invites the ridicule and scorn of every infidel in the world., In seeking such aid we do not attract one human soul to our cause, but drive millions from it. "Paul says, 'The gbspel is the wisdom of God and the power of God.' If this be true it must live and conquer. When you ask temporal authority to support the gospel you practically deny its divinity, and confess to a lack of confidence in the means and methods which Christ instituted for its dessemination and triumph. "Where do we see in ourcountry an alliance between church and state? We see it first in the Statelegislation, which exempts church property from taxation. One local church in New York has ten million dollars' worth of dividend-paying property on which there is not one cent of taxation. This is a violation of the principles of religious liberty,because it compels Jews, Moha mmedans, Buddhists, Deists, Agnostics, and Atheists, living upon our soil, to contribute to the support of a religion which they repudiate. "If our State government should exempt bar-rooms from taxation, it would thereby compel every tax-payer to contribute to the support of the bar-rooms. This would be an outrage upon the consciences of tax-paying men who hate and abhor these crime-breeding institu-tions. It is not any less a violation of the rights of conscience to make churches beneficiaries of the State government. Wherethis is done many men arecompelled 