pi0 pv SOOT JUST/Oz  'CP° 4  " 230 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Haim 11S5061dti011 1114 41.41X AND Ilia moth roREvastfAilif DEGLRRRTION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jeans Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. Ve believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religions and civil liberty. Ł OFFICES: 48 BOND ST., Nzw You CITY. 219 6TH Sr., S. E. WAsnrwevoiv, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 18 POST Sr., SAN Fneworsco, CAL.' 251 W. Mtn( Sr., BATTLE Cuss, Mum C. ELDRIDGE, - - PREsiDBNT. W. A. COLCORD, - 8110R29TA314 THE Spanish Prime Minister is interest-ing himself in the passage of laws by the Cortes "securing Sunday rest for work- ingmen." Ł THE Christian Nation opposes the use of cars on Sunday even for the purpose of going to meeting. It is, says the Nation, " paying the devil toll to get to church." A CORRESPONDENT from Atchison, Kan-sas, writes :Š Rev. W. F. Crafts spent June 21-24 at Atchison. The friends of Religious Liberty greeted him with a supply of good literature, to which he responded with warmth. He seemed to regard the opposition of the principles he advocates as an unwarranted personal insult that should not be tolerated. THE liquor interest may yet array itself on the side of Sunday laws, and the Sab-bath Observance Department of the Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union find in it an unexpected ally. As an evidence of this possibility the liquor dealers of Tacoma, Wash., when compelled to close on Sunday assisted zealously in the en-forcement of Sunday closing upon all business men of the place. Are Miss Willard and Mrs. Bateham ready to usher in the National Reform millennium hand in hand with the saloon keeper, and for a mess of Sunday pottage sell out the birth-right of the temperance cause ? Ł Ł  A SUBSCRIBER writes from Excelsior, Wash., that the Sunday question is a live issue there. A new organization has been formed, called the " Anti-Sunday Saloon Association," composed principally of min-isters and church people. A number of saloon-keepers have been indicted for violating the State Sunday law. The saloon men in town say they will enforce the law against all other kinds of business  forbidden by it. When they have accepted this alliance with the ;aloonists to secure general Sunday observance, how will the ministers and church people and Christian Temperance Union women have the face to turn upon their friends, made respect-able by association with themselves in the zealous enforcement of Sunday laws and by the discrimination of that law itself, and antagonize them ? IN the Arena for May is an article from the pen of B. 0. Flower, in which he says : In the sunshine of liberty I see a growing world. In the radiance of her smile man triumphs over error and superstition. But in the shadow of pater-nalism progress has ever withered, science has been a fugitive, and the vanguard of civilization have suffered ignominious death. No lesson is more im-pressively 'taught by the ages than that science, progress, and human unfoldment move in the wake of liberty. I have no faith in any theory of gov-ernment that distrusts human freedom. I believe that no enduring progress or true civilization can be builded on other foundation than liberty and justice. THE South Dakota Sabbath Observance Association has elected twelve vice-presi-dents, eleven county secretaries, and a leg-islative committee of five. Eleven min-isters were " authorized to hold Sabbath reform meetings and form local rest-day leagues or Sabbath committees in the name of the State association all over the State." This systematic organization is progressing continually. When it is too late the people of this country will dis-cover, with astonishment, that their city councils, town and county boards, legis-latures, and even Congress itself, are con-trolled by the Church committee. THE American Sabbath Union will hold a " Sabbath observance " meeting in the auditorium, Chautauqua, Sunday, Aug,vst 9; and on the 11th the State Sabbath Com-mittee of New York will meet on the assembly grounds to complete the organ-ization of the committee. These associa-tions are making themselves heard in the different Chautauqua assemblies, in the Christian Endeavor Conventions, and ev-erywhere throughout the country where instrumentalities are .at work for the pro-motion of mental or religious growth. Do those who realize the errors which they teach appreciate the meaning of this ? REv. L. W. MUNHALL says in the New York Observer:Š Together with my family I spent two weeks in New Orleans nearly six years ago, at the time the Great Southern Exposition was in full blast. Not one of us went near it, and only because it kept open doors on Sunday. When the question of Sunday opening of the Columbian Exposition was first broached, I resolved never to visit it though I expect to be in Chicago a number of times during the year 1893, and to use my personal influence against it if it is opened on the Lord's day. How innocently, deliciously egotistic this is ! One remembers the financial dis-aster which befell the New Orleans Ex-position, and trembles for the World's Fair. Dr. George and the Sunday Law. THE Utica Auxiliary of the American Sabbath Union has been holding a series of meetings at Utica. The Daily Press gives reports of the addresses. It quotes Rev. H. H. George as saying in reference to the business man, who receives letters on Sunday :Š Why doesn't he act on the letters and bill the orders they contain ?ŠBecause the law won't allow him to do it. Will business men universally plead guilty to Dr. George's indictment, and confess that the only question in their minds as to what they may or may not do is, Will the law allow it ? If the word of this minister, who is Assistant Secre-tary of the American Sabbath Union, and a man who has had opportunity of ex-tended observation among.the church peo-ple of the country, is to be taken, then there is indeed a serious lack of conscien-tious principle among church members in the business world, which Sunday laws, however strict,, can scarcely be expected to remedy. Dr. George says further of the Sunday mail :Š Congress should stop it. It can be done and should be. When we have such men as Mr. Wan-amaker in the post-office, and Mr. Harrison, an elder in the Presbyterian church, as President, it can be done if the fifteen million Christians of the country will stand by them. This is equivalent to saying that be-cause the Postmaster-general is a Sunday-school superintendent, and the President a Presbyterian elder therefore they should enforce the religious beliefs of their sup-posed following, irrespective of the prin-ciples of civil rights, or the views of the remaining fifty million. Dr. George " also spoke against the Sunday excursion trains which run to the Thousand Islands from Utica, and said they were clearly illegal. He quoted from the law as follows : ' Nor shall any per-son travel on that day [first day of the week, commonly called Sunday], unless in cases of charity or necessity, or in going to or returning from church or place of worship, or going for medical aid,' etc. He said : I believe it wholly feasible to go down to that train next Sunday morning and arrest every man in it. Cries of ' amen !' " The " amens " were a sufficient evidence of the willingness of these enthusiasts to enforce any law, whatever its character, which shall compel obedience to their in-terpretation of divine will. But their en-thusiasm on this occasion shows a zeal without knowledge, for the Doctor read from the Revised Statutes of 1875 instead of the Penal Code of 1881, which contains the law as it now stands, and by which the clause in reference to traveling is re-pealed. The law as it stands in the Penal Code of 1881 is a marked survival of the religious laws of mediaeval-  Europe, but still not quite so favorable to these self-constituted constables and sheriffs of the Almighty as they thought. W. H. M. 