THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 5 edge its obligation to serve the church;" and there is an approval of the claim that it is "the duty of the State, as such, to enter into alliance with the church of Christ, and to profess, ad-here to, defend, and maintain the true religion." Is not this a union of Church and State? If it is not, then such a thing is impossible. Equal-ity is not necessary to a union. An alliance may be formed between superior and inferior, as well as between equals. And this is the alli-ance proposed,Šan alliance as between mistress and servant, in which the church is to act as mistress, and the State as a dutiful and obedi-ent servant. If it is not a union of Church and State, it is at any rate a thing most earnestly to be shunned. It may be wondered why we, as Christians, should object to such a union. We object to it simply because we are Christians. We know that such a union is not in accordance with the spirit of Christianity. The life and practice of our Lord was an example for all Christians. lie did not ask the rulers to support him; on the contrary he recognized the right of earthly governors to exact support from him and his fol. lowers. He did not desire forced service; he asks not now for anything but willing obedience. He taught his followers that in this world they were to expect tribulation as pilgrims and so-journers, and not that they should exact obedi-ence as kings in their own land; that their time for reigning would come when he himself should come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him. Matt. 25 : 31-34. Therefore when the church proposes, not simply to unite with the State, but to be served by the State, it is depart-ing from the precepts of the Master, and is be-coming unchristian. It is for this reason that we oppose such a step. For ourselves, we have no desire to depart from any true Christian in-stitutions and usages; we acknowledge the di-vine law that enforces them, and hence have no need that they should be enforced by the law of the land; and we deem it neither just nor wise to force those who do not believe in them to conform to them. The injustice must be ap-parent to all, and who will say that it is a wise policy to force men to act the hypocrite ? The Statesman indignantly repels any accu-sation that its proposed amendment would in-fringe upon the rights of any one, much less take them away. From its own standpoint it would not interfere with the rights of any; because when that amendment should be carried, it would at once appear that all of its opposers were possessed of no rights,Ša distinction without enough difference to satisfy the minor-ity. A movement whose obvious result would be to deprive even a single individual of his inalienable rights of life, liberty, or the pursuit of happiness, should be vigorously opposed by all true men, and most of all by Christians. E. J. W. No Christianity by Law. THE following sensible remarks we find in the Pacific, the Congregational paper of San Fran-cisco:Š "A circular of the ' National Reform Associa-tion' has fallen into our hands, and calls for a brief notice. We assent to its 'fundamentals,' viz.: 'That Almighty God is the source of all  power and authority in civil government, that the Lord Jesus Christ is the ruler of nations, and that the revealed will of God is of su-preme authority in civil affairs.' We share in its regrets over the many ' persevering attempts which are made to prohibit the reading of the Bible in our public schools, to overthrow our Sabbath laws, to abolish the oath, prayer in our National and State Legislatures, days of fast-ing and thanksgiving and other Christian feat-ures of our institutions, and so to divorce the American Government from all connection with the Christian religion.' But we are not satis-fied that it would be, on the whole, the best thing (even if it could be brought about with very little effort) to insert a clause in the United States Constitution, as an amendment, containing ' explicit evidence of 'the Christian character and purpose of the nation.' We heartily desire 'to make this nation, consist-ently, and in the fullest sense, a Christian na-tion,' and all our labors are in that direction. But the nation will not be made such by any sort of an amendment to the Constitution; and when it has become such, there will be scarcely any need of such an amendment. If our spirit and conduct be Christian, any public declaration will not make the fact any more certain, will scarcely magnify it and will hardly make it more influential." No Power but of God. Tins is the declaration of the Apostle Paul concerning earthly Governments. Some have been troubled to reconcile what he says of the ruler, that "he beareth not the sword in vain," with the words of Christ concerning non-resistance, and also with his own words in another place in his letter to the Romans, that we shall not avenge ourselves, because yen geance belongs to the Lord, and he will repay. This latter declaration and the words of Christ in his " Sermon on the Mount" have been urged against inflicting penalties for crimes. A cer-tain class of self-styled philanthropists assure us that he who commits a crime only proves him-self an object of pity, and it is Our duty to imi-tate the benevolence of God, who " maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust." The infliction of penalties (they say) is vindic-tive, and contrary to the spirit of Christ, who commanded to resist not evil. But we think the trouble of those who can-not harmonize the scriptures noticed, is quite needless. And they entirely misapprehend the character of God and the nature of his Govern-ment, who seek to draw therefrom an argument against the infliction of penalties. The Apostle Peter indeed says that God is long-suffering, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance. But that does not destroy the fact that the day of Judgment and perdition of ungodly men will certainly come. Blackstone well says that the strength of a law is in its penalty. Indeed, there can be no law without a penalty. It is the penalty which divides between law and advice, for a rule is only enforced by a penalty, and that counsel which cannot be enforced is only advisoryŠnot peremptory. Hence to enact laws with no penalties would be only a farce; and to enact laws with penalties, and never execute them, would also be a farce. Practically the result would be the sameŠthere would be no law. And it is also trueŠevidently trueŠthat in  the absence of law there can be no Government. Where no law is, sin cannot be imputed, and virtue cannot be defined; there can be no trans-gression, no obedience, no measurement of right and wrong. Every one is then left free to do that which is right in his own eyes, restrained only by the fear of him who may be stronger and more desperate than himself. BUT the question is raised: Do you believe that wicked Governments are of God? We reply that God is the Author of Government, as he is the Creator of man. There is no man who cannot trace his origin to the hand of God; and there is no Government which has not its basis in the order which God has estab-lished. Man has "sought out many inven-tions," and lost his uprightness; but he is still to be regarded as the creature of God, endowed by his Creator with noble powers and great privileges. And so of Governments; they may abuse their power, and pervert justiceŠbut that power originates in God and in his ordi-nance. And thus Jesus answered Pilate: "Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from above." A Government that is measurably wicked is better than none at all. Rule, even when un-necessarily stern and severe, is better than dis-order and confusion. While tyranny oppresses, anarchy destroys. Where Government exists, where order is enforced, some rights will be secured. But where anarchy and confusion reign, there no rights are secure. Society, in any proper sense, cannot exist. Therefore without Government, without a conservation of rights, whatever the aspirations of man may be, he cannot rise above a state of barbarism. But " God is not the author of confusion." Who would not thank and adore him that he has ordained Governments upon the earth, and that he upholds them by his providence and by the authority of his word ? Paul thus describes the power of the Gov' ernor: "But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain; for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil." Many take the view that when Christ came he entirely changed the order which had thereto-fore existed, and in his Sermon on the Mount destroyed the power of civil Government. But the words of Paul here quoted disprove this. And his words here coincide with other expres-sions in the New Testament. How, then, is the apparent discrepancy of the texts to be reconciled? In -this manner: In the Sermon on the Mount Christ was speak-ing to his disciplesŠto his church. Paul, in Rom. 13, was speaking, not of the church, but of civil Government. If Matt. 5 : 38-40, Rom. 12 : 19, and 13 : 1-4 had been spoken to and of the same class, we cannot see how they could be harmonized; a contradiction would seem to be unavoidable. And the conclusion is now unavoidable that in these scriptures the church and civil Govern-ment are separated, never to be united. The Government is to execute vengeance, wrath, or justice upon evil-doers; the church is not. The highest office borne by the apostles of Christ was that of ambassadors; 2 Cor. 5 : 19, - 