AMERICAN SENTINEL. 55 Now we do not believe that there is practical prohi-bition where the law is not enforceable. A law that is not enforceable is not practical and accomplishes noth-ing practical. And thus the liquor traffic is rife in the District of Columbia. Those folks will have to try again before they can clear their Sunday bill of a palpable wink at the liquor traffic. Constitutional Relation of the Legislator to Religion. Fr " The Legal Sunday." by J. T. Ringgold. THE legislator who is induced to vote for a statute by the idea that it embodies a command of Piety, drops his.  character as a legislator altogether and undertakes to act as the enforcer of the will of the Piety upon other people. This is no phrt whatever of his duty as a legis-lator, which is to legislate for the good of the people within constitutional limitations. And, however strongly he may be convinced that there is a divine command for Sunday idleness, and that it would be for the goOd of the people to have that command embodied in a statute, yet he breaks his oath as a legislator, and is in reality no legislator, but a religious propagantist, when he under-takes by his vote to do the people that good by violating the restraints laid upon his conduct as a legislator by the Constitution. It is to this that he has sworn allegi-ance as a legislator, to this alone that he owes his exist-ence as such, and to this alone may he rightly turn for the definition and limitation of his duties. And any statute whose provisions by their very nature cause the mind of the legislator, when pondering his vote upon it. to go outside of the Constitution altogether, and to de-termine his course by his conclusions on the question of whether the statute does or does not embody a command of Diety,Šany such statute causes the legislator to break his oath of office. And when it becomes a law by means of legislative votes cast in its favor because of its sup-posed embodiment of a command of Piety, it sets up the union of Church and State and gives pro tanto a prefer-ence to one religion over another. Let us look at this matter a little closer. Some men decline to admit a Deity; others deny that his will is anywhere recorded ; some insist that it is recorded in one place and some recognize it in another. "Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind." For the man him-self, of course, when he has found it, the,expression of the will of the Deity is enough ; he recognizes his obligation to obey, and he thinks other men ought to obey also. But here we must diScriminate between the legislator and the man. Admit that the man is right, and that he has found an expression of the will of Deity; admit, further, that the men who compose the membership of the legis-lature ought to obey that will. What is that will, as expressed in the case in hand? "Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy."_ Every man in the legislature, and every man outside of it, ought to obey this command of  Deity. If the way top obey it is to be idle on Sunday, then legislators and all others ought to be idle on Sunday. But, observe that there is no distinction whatever in this regard between legislators and others. Both obey or disobey the command of Deity in the same manner pre-cisely. And why? Because this command of Deity, like all other such commands, is addressed to the individual, AS AN INDIVIDUAL, without any regard whatever to his official character. Honesty, purity, fidelity, are demanded by the will of Deity in all men alike and in the same degree, without reference to social or ,political distinctions. But if no more is demanded of one man than another by that will, it follows that when a man through the human agency of voting becomes a member of the legislature, while he takes upon himself an entirely new set of obligations and duties with reference to the community, from which a non-member is free, yet his duty to Deity remains just what is was before. The man is the creature of Deity; he must obey the will of Deity. The member is the creature of the State; her will is his law. Thus, before a man be-comes a member of the legislature, he is under obliga-tion to obey the will of Deity and "remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy; " but after he becomes a member of the legislature, he is under no additional obligation whatever in this regard. And, as the legislator does not assume any new duty toward Deity, as he undertakes no new functions in the domain of religion by reason of his official duties, so he thence acquires no new rights or privileges in that domain. If he had not, as a private citizen, the right to enforce in others obedi-ence to what he considered a divine command, then he does not get' that right by virtue of his election. The special right he thus acquires is of civil creation and of a civil nature altogether, and therefore to be exer-cised for civil purposes alone. It is the right to force on others to the extent of his vote, obedience to his notions of the dictates of worldly wisdom, for the sake of worldly welfare alone, and even this only within the limits of con-stitutional restrictions. And, as the legislator, as such, has no " religious duties or privileges, of course there are no commands addressed to him as such, in the Book of Christian religion. -To take the case now under consider-ation: It is nowhere commanded, "Thou shalt vote for a law to compel other people to keep holy the Sabbath day." Upon this point the legislator is as free regarding his action from any command of Deity, as he is regard-ing his action on a tax bill. Of course he is commanded by Deity to discharge his duties as a legislator conscien-tiously, as he is to discharge all other duties; but the will of Deity is nowhere expressed as to what his duties as a legislator are. Their definition and limitation are a Matter of human constitutional law entirely. The will of Deity as to specific legislation has never been publicly revealed but once, and that was under the "pure theocracy" of the Jews. And even under that sys-tem the legislation was not directed to be enacted by human agency, but both the law and its penalties were 