AMERICAN SENTINEL. 165 section is not to apply to sales of meals, to be eaten on the premises, or served elsewhere by caterers, nor to the sale of newspapers, cigars or tobacco prepared for use, Ł milk, ice, fruit, flowers, soda or mineral waters, confec-tionery, drugs, medicines and surgical appliances, in places other than those where spirituous, fermented or malt liquors are offered for sale. "807 C. It shall not be lawful to keep open.or use any dancing saloon, opera house, tenpin alley, barber saloon or ball alley on the Sabbath day, commonly called Sunday, and any person or persons, body politic or corporate, violating any provision of this section, or causing or knowingly permittingthe same to be violated by any person or persons in his, her or its employ, shall be fined not less than $50 nor more than $100 for the first offense, and if convicted a second time of aviolation of this section, shall be fined not less than $100 nor more than $500, and, if a natural person imprisoned for not less than 10 nor more than 30 day's; and, upon conviction subsequent to the second, fined on each occa-sion in a sum at least double that imposed on the last preceding conviction, and, if a natural person imprisoned for not less than 30 nor more than 60 days. All fines imposed under this section are payable to the State. "Sm. 2. That this act shall take effect from the date of its passage." This measure, it should be noted, is designed not in the interest of stricter Sunday observance in Baltimore, but as a relief measure from the rigorous exactions of the existing law. The Baltimore Sun says of it that "Mr. Sanford deserves the thanks of all liberal-minded and progressive people for his earnest efforts to secure the modification of the obsolete and impracticable Sun-day laws of the State." Yet this proposed change in the Sunday law, which will repeal "obsolete and imprac_ ticable"exactions, and will leave the law fully as severe in its requirements as are most Sunday laws elsewhere, is vigorously opposed by the clergy of Baltimore and of the State. They do not want the "obsolete and imprac-ticable" restrictions of the old law repealed; they want them revived and enforced! What else but this can be inferred from their opposition to this bill? And if this strictly religious and puritanical observ-ance of the day, is what the clergy of Maryland want, as shown by their opposition to any effort to modify the old law, what must we conclude of the clergy in general who are calling for Sunday legislation? Is it not perfectly fair to conclude that one and all have in view the same puritanical restrictions upon liberty and self-government for which some of them are now so earnestly contending? The Baltimore Herald, which favors Mr. Sanford's bill, says that "the present Sunday law, so far as it secures the population in the enjoyment of opportuni-ties to worship and directs the suspension of toil, so that services may not be interfered with and that the individual may have time to strengthen his moral na-ture, commends itself to universal support." But how far does the Sunday law of Baltimore, either as it now is or as Mr. Sanford would have it, secure the popula- tion in the enjoyment of these things? How far are the people indebted to the Sunday laws for the opportunity to worship, foe-services that are not "interfered with," and for "time to strengthen their moral natures"? Are the people deprived of these privileges in California, where they have no Sunday law? We have never heard that Sunday is not as generally observed in California as it is in Maryland. Or how is it with those Christians Š60,000 or more in this countryŠwho observe the seventh day instead of the first, and have no law at all in their favor? Are they deprived of these privileges? Since these people enjoy all these privilegesŠas they unquestionably doŠand since the people of one State where there is no Sunday law enjoy them equally with those of another State where such a law exists, it is clear that the extent to which these privileges are se-cured to the people by theŁ Sunday law may be correctly indicated by a cipher; and to this extent such a law "commends itself to universal support," and no further. Sabbath Observance vs. Educational Laws and Customs in Colorado. AN APPEAL BY L. J. CALDWELL, SEVENTH DAY ADVENTIST AGAINST. A DECISION BY THE COUNTY SUPT. OF SCHOOLS OP ARAPAHOE' COUNTY. To THE HONORABLE STATE BOARD OF EDUCATION OF STATE OF COLORADO: 1. YOUR petitioner, a resident of this State, hereby appeals to your honorable body for redress concerning the action of Warren E. Knapp, Supt. of Schools for Arapahoe County, Colo., at the Teachers' Examination of December 15, 1899, more specifically detailed below: On said date, being the third Friday in December, your petitioner duly presented himself to answer the questions in the branches required, and did answer thosein writing, arithmetic, natural science, grammar, orthography and school law. Your petitioner then requested the remain-ing questions for the purpose of then and there answer-ing them, but was told by Supt. Knapp that they could not be had till the next day, Saturday, December 16, 1899. 2. Your petitioner, being now, anti for many years past a conscientious observer of the Sabbath, or seventh day, did not know or offer to answer the remaining ques-tions until sunset of Saturday, when the Sabbath was past. He then answered the questions in II. S. History, Reading, and Theory and Practice, and again requested the remaining questions for answering. This request and Supt. Knapp's reply were as follows:Š Denver, Colo., December 16, 1899, 5:50 P. M. MR. W. E. KNAPP, COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT OF SCHOOLS. OF ARAPAHOE COUNTY, COLO. Hon. Sir: I hereby demand the remaining examina- 