FEB. 9, 1893. 43 probably be in jail by the time that this letter is printed. There are some exceedingly sad things connected with this persecution, but the courage of the Adventists seems to be good. Persecution has not come to them as a surprise, for it is simply what their study of prophecy has led them to expect for years, and instead of being discouraged by it their faith is simply confirmed. Since the writer visited this neighbor-hood last summer a very neat and com-modious church has been erected here. It is the best church building in the neighborhood, if not in the county outside of Paris. Th'4 old church building is now used as a school house. Just at present it is occupied by the public school, but during several months each year when there is no public school the Adventists maintain a subscription school. They believe in education, and though poor they do not suffer their children to grow up in ignorance. Additional particulars concerning the wactical workings of the Henry County inquisition and the temper and bearing of the Adventists under persecution will pie given in another letter. This one must ')e mailed just on the eve of the trials in rder to reach the reader in good season. C. P. B. In a Great Crisis. To-DAY we are an astonished people. Knowing that our Government was founded upon the principles of civil and religious liberty, we rested quietly under the clamor for religious legislation, not believing for a moment that Congress would yield to such demands. Now we awake from our lethargy to find a union of Church and State already inaugurated, and all branches of the Government fully committed to the requirements of a reli-gious hierarchy. The character of this religio-political despotism which is to take the place of our free institutions, has not yet been fully developed. The particulars are not all arranged. It has not yet been deter-mined which of the two grand divisions of the church shall in the first instance represent the Christian religion, much less have the subsequent struggles for pre-cedence in the favored party itself been anticipated and provided for. That is, in case it should be the Protestant party. If it should be the Catholic party there would not, perhaps, be much discussion. But these questions will soon arise, and their decision will be forced upon the Government. When Constantine issued the edict of Milan, reversing the decrees of Diocletian, and granting religious freedom to the Christians, it soon became necessary to decide who were the Christians, and who represented the Christian religion. He designated first the Catholic Church as distinguished from all heretics and dis-senters. But there were dissensions among the Catholics themselves; and it next became necessary to decide between them. It was in Africa where the principal division existed, and Constantine gave his decision in favor of the church presided over by Cecilianus. And so rapidly were these questions precipitated upon the Emperor that it was less than four years from the edict of Milan before he was obliged to determine definitely who were entitled to its benefits. It will take some- what longer to decide who are to be the beneficiaries of the religious legislation of this country. But it will be necessary to decide between the rival religious as-pirants for political power. They can not be put aside. The State has lent it-self to the Church, and must now become the arbiter to adjust the differences as they arise. And additional legislation will be re-quired in behalf of the Church. The ad- vances will be insidious, but the demands will be pressed with unrelenting purpose and with ceaseless importunity. This conspiracy against the Republic, having achieved its first triumph, is not to be put down except by a general uprising of the people. We have been basely be-trayed by agents selected for other pur-poses. What makes the situation more serious and alarming is the fact, that the Supreme Court of the United States, on the 29th of February last, in the case of the Church of the Holy Trinity vs. the United States, by another Dred Scott decision, laid the foundation for religious legisla-tion, by deciding, in effect, that the Chris- tian religion is a national institution. As Chief Justice Taney went into a history of the country to show that it had been considered that colored people had no rights which white people were bound to respect, so Justice Brewer reviewed the history of the country for the purpose of showing that the propagation of the Chris-tian religion was the principal factor in the settlement of the colonies and in the establishment of the State and Federal governments, and had become so inter-woven with our political institutions as to become part and parcel thereof. Though Justice Brewer is not so bold in his utter-ances as was Judge. Taney, yet the logical outcome of the decision is, that disbe-lievers in the Christian religion have no rights which believers are bound to re-spect. We are astonished, and yet we have no right to be if the matter be philosophi-cally considered. Both the Supreme Court decision and the legislation which legitimately followed it are but the de-velopment of a sentiment which has been cultivated with wonderful assiduity and success during the last ten or twelve years. The signal success of the movement illus-trates, first, the superiority of organized over unorganized activity, and secondly, the advantage of a positive over a nega-tive object in any social or political move-ment. Those who were managing this cam-paign against the Government were thor-oughly organized, while we were only im-perfectly so; they were conducting an aggressive movement, while we were only opposing it. If the people become aroused to a sense of their danger, and there is now some indication of their so doing, they will see the necessity of organized effort in self-defense. In the reactionary movement which in that case will be-come general, the American Secular Union will be in the front ranks. It will have no quarrel with any other organization, but will work with them all, and hail with joy assistance from any quarter. We gladly recognize the fact that some reli-gious societies and many clergymen throughout the country are taking a stand for civil and religious freedom. The Sev-enth-day Adventists especially, form a strong bulwark of defense against the encroachments of religious bigotry. The  AMERICAN SENTINEL, their organ in New York, is striking powerful blows in be- half of our free institutions. Not fright-ened at the thought of consorting with infidels, these people are side by side with us in this contest. It is with them already, as it will soon be, perhaps, with us also, a life and death struggle. They, believing in the Bible, take it as it reads, and obey the command to observe the seventh day as the Sabbath. Holding the other injunction to be obli-gatory also, " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work," they labor on Sun-day; not in a noisy or offensive way, but quietly on their farms or in their houses. But though living by themselves and dis-turbing no one, they are sought out, and even their own children made witnesses against them, in order to bring them to punishment for the great crime of work-ing quietly on Sunday. Especially is this the case in Tennessee, where they are tried, fined and impris-oned, and in punishment for their con-tumely in not paying their fines, they are sent out to work upon the road with the chain-gang. This in the nineteenth cen-tury, in this boasted land of liberty. Why now for the first time during the hundred years that have elapsed since the formation of the Government, do the sticklers for Sunday holiness insist upon the aid of the civil power ? Where do they find authority for such assistance ? Have they discovered in the Constitution powers which have been hidden from all the statesmen, from Adams, Madison, and Jefferson down to the present time ? . . . The State has drawn the sword at the behest of the Church. Tell me not that the age of religious persecution has passed. It ceased for awhile, but will be revived, and is being revived under a revival of State religion. There are some who are hoodwinked into the supposition that this legislation of Congress is not intended to be religious, but only in aid of a civil in-stitution; establishing Sunday as a rest-day only, without any reference to its re-ligious character. And this in face of the fact that a United States senator for his argument, sent up to the secretary's desk a religious book, with the passage marked to be read, which declared the seventh day to be a holy day; leaving it to be in-ferred, that if the seventh day was a holy day for the Jews, it followed that the Americans might be forced by Congress to keep holy the first day. If this is not a religious movement, why is it headed by clergymen all over the land ? When, before, in the history of the world, have the clergy shown so much interest in the working classes, and had so much anxiety lest they should do too much labor ? We all know it is a religious movement. None know it better than those who are carrying it on. Senator Peffer said: " To-day we are engaged in a theological discussion concerning the observance of the first day of the week." When the Sunday condition to the ap-propriation for the World's Fair was un-der discussion, then for the first time in the history of the Government, the na-tional legislature sat gravely deliberating'  over a question of religion. The chaplain of the United States Senate, writing to the New York Independent, said: " During the debate you might have imagined your-self in a general council, or assembly, or synod, or conference." The Bible sent up with a passage marked to be read as the argument of .a United States senator, 