AMERICAN SENTINEL.  141 THE solution of this problem of unnecessary Sab-bath labor rests with Christians themselves. It is a fact that at least one-half of the people of this country are Christian enough tp at least profess the Golden Rule, which is all the rule that is necessary to solve this Sunday problem. . . . Let us do unto others what we would like them to do unto us, and_not require them to work on the Sabbath.ÑThe Rarn-'s Horn. A UNION of the state with religion produces the same results that follow from a union of the state with the church; namely, the infliction of civil penalties upon dissenters' from the state's, or the state church's, re-ligion. And as the tree is known by its fruit, it must be concluded that union of religion and the state, and the union of church and state, are things which differ only in name. ¥  LAST year Russia expended $150,000,000 for her army, in a time of peace. For the same year she spent $5,000,000 for the enlargement and reorganization of her prisons, and only $3,000,000, for the education of her people, 95 per cent. of whom are peasants. Igno-rance is the bane of the country, the people cannot farm without robbing their land, and last year 30,000,000 of them felt the stress of famine.ÑCanadian Baptist.  4. No RELIGIOUS question was ever permanently or rightly decided by an act of the legislature or .a decree of the courts of law. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bans Drsa on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind cir good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. if paper moaeg or coin is sent, register the letter. AM   1-11,RICA_1\T S   1-i41¥TTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION, PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY NATURAL FOOD OF MAN. Part I.ÑMAN'S PRIMITIVE DIET. By Milton 0. Wilcox. Part II.ÑHOW TO PREPARE IT. By Mrs, Flora Leadsworth. Part III.ÑFOOD FOR THE SICK. By J. B. Leadsworth. M. D. This new book does not contain untried recipes, for a first edi-tion of the book was gotten out by the author about a year 11 ago. It met with such a favorable reception that we have now arranged to issue this revised and enlarged edition. I  The recipes discard meat, eggs, milk, and all animal pro-ducts, and furnish a variety of palatable substitute dishes t  containing the necessary food elements to properly nourish the body. Heavy illuminated paper covers,  - - price 25c. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. PAGAN COUNTERFEITS in the Christian church By C. A. S. TEMPLE. A vivid presentation of the pagan festivals, rites, and usages which the author finds in the Christian churches of to-day, together with two chapters on Freemasonry, which ought to be read by every Mason who professes to be a Christian. 087 pages, paper covers. Price 25 cents.  Address House nearest to you. "6 FIMD IN THE KITCHEN." WE have no apology to offer in bringing to the attention of our readers a cook book discarding an article of diet which is everywhere known to contain disease-producing germs, often of a most virulent type. While "A Friend in the Kitchen" contains no flesh food recipes, it does contain an abundance of that which is most palatable and whole-some, and it also tells how the foods may be prepared in the best possibleway.  Its 400 recipes are inter-spersed with short talks on foods and food combina-tions and other items ff practical value and importance to every housewife. as well as to those who wish to study the subject of diet for their own benefit. Remember it contains about 400 carefully tested recipes. The binding is a new preparation resembling leather, is almost as durable, and may be washed the same as oilcloth. Price 60 cents postpaid. GOOD AGENTS WANTED. ImprimmommwmimmoVum PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY.  Single Copy, Per Year -  0#1.00 Six months  -  .50,  Three months  -  .25,  ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St.. New York  PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 