THn AMEI.ICAN.SENTINEL,. 349 siastical institutions, and as an-  actuality, then, nowhere to be found. It appears, however, that the Romanist Lords of Baltimore, or their repre-sentatives in the province, did not molest dissenters froth the English established church, for the rea-son that, being themselves dissenters, they could not consistently or prudently enforce upon others those charter principles which they themselves were openly violating. And thus the ideal church of the province of Maryland, designed after the model of the Palatine Church of Durham, be-came from the first a nullity; while there pre-vailed for a time a degree of religious freedom in which all dissenters participatedŠRomanists and Protestants alike. Now if for this happy state of the church in Maryland, Lord Baltimore was entitled to thanks, it must have been on the principle of a certain man who generously gave away his neighbor's apples. As this man was helping himself to apples one day in his neighbor's orchard, a stranger came along who, supposing him to be the proprietor, politely asked permission to gather a few apples. "Certainly," said the supposed pro-prietor, "help yourself; take as many, as you want." When the stranger had filled his pockets with the choice fruit, he was quite profuse in his thanks for the kindness. "Oh, no," replied the other, "don't thank me; these apples are not mine. am myself stealing them just as you, are." It is evident Lord Baltimore had no authority to grant religious liberty to his colonists, and it is equally manifest he had no intention of grant-ing such privilege to his followers. It could not have been his original purpose to found a State on the principle of general religious liberty; for then, as an honest, candid man, he would have refused a charter which forbade the granting of that liberty. Nor did his lordship or his Roman-Nisi adherents subsequently intend to establish uni-versal religious freedom in the colony. This is evident from their public acts. At a general assembly held at St. John's, and terminating March 19, 1638Šabout four years from the founding of the colonyŠan act was passed on the closing day of the session or-daining certain laws for the government of the province, of which the first was, "That holy Church within this province shall have all her rights and liberties." At an assembly held at the mine place two years later, 1640, "An Act for Church Liberties" was passed October 23, ordaining "that holy church within this prov-ince shall have and enjoy all her rights, liberties, and franchises, wholly and without blemish." This was subsequently confirmed as a perpetual law. Now, why this special legislation in behalf of "-holy church "? Why were not all the churches, any and all sects, included if universal religious toleration was the design of the benevo-lent and enlightened proprietor and his general .assembly? Why the necessity of This special legislation ? If liberty of worship had been from the first legally accorded to all dissenting sects, the Romanists enjoyed it in common with all the rest; and hence they did not need this special protection; but if they, or any other dissenters, required legislative protection, all did, and to limit such legal assurance to one sect was not universal toleration. The authors of this partial and, special toleration, therefore, could not have been-those pioneers of universal: libertT of con-- science of whom we hear so much at this time:, - .4 Clair, in Converted Catholic. Religious Education by the State. IN a plea for religious instruction by the State, Rev. Geo. B. Cheever asks the following ques-tion :---- "Shall God himself be intrusted with the domin-ion over the consciences of rational beings instructed by his own laws and providences, or shall the States, by majority of voters, uninstructed from infancy in the holy requisitions of God's law, be the supreme governors of the human soul ? " Here are really two questions; and of course Mr. Cheever intends that the first one shall be answered in the affirmative, and the second one in the negative. In this view, the questions con-tain the very essence of the doctrine always ad-vocated by the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and are exactly opposed to the principles of so-called National Reform. For whenever religion is put into the hands of the State, an attempt is made to transfer "the dominion over the consciences of rational beings" from God to the State. There is no dodging this conclusion, because Mr. Cheever admits all through his article that. this is em-phatically a case of conscience. Our proposition is still further confirmed by Mr. Cheever's second question. This question shows that in his mind the reason why the States should not "be the supreme governors of the human soul," lies in the fact that the "majority of voters" are "uninstructed from infancy in the holy requisitions of God's law." Mr. Cheever must intend to convey the idea either that the majority of voters will always remain uninstructed "in the holy requisitions of God's law," and there-fore the States can never become "the supreme governors of the human soul," or else that the time may come when the majority of voters will be instructed in the requisitions of God's law, and that when they are so instructed it will then be perfectly proper for the States to " be the su-preme governors of the human soul." Evidently the latter view is the one which be indorses; for the sole object of his lengthy argument is to show the necessity and utility of religious instruction provided by the State. Only let the States in-struct "the--majority of voters" "in the holy req-uisitions of God's law," and they will be emi-nently fitted to "be the supreme governors of the human soul," says the Rev. Geo. B. Cheever, D.D. It is of course well understood that the SENTI-NEL has never indorsed this sentiment implied in Mr. Cheever's second question. The friends of religious liberty are perfectly satisfied to intrust the Almighty " with the dominion over the con-sciences of rational beings ; " and they forever deny the right of the States, no matter how well instructed their voters may be, to usurp that do-minion, or constitute themselves "the supreme governors of the human soul." And this is why they are opposed to having the State dictate to the people what they shall study, or what they shall practice, in. matters of religion. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. The W. C. T. U. and Politics. REGARDING the recent convention of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union at Chicago, the following is from the press dispatches:Š The event of the session was the report of the Committee on Resolutions touching the non-parti-san question. The majority report says :Š "We believe it is vital to temperance reform that the principle of prohibition be made the dominant issue in American politics. We therefore give our approval to that party only which declares in its platform for prohibition in the State and nation, and stands in action for its application to law.' The minority report was brought in by Mrs. Mattie M. Bailey,-of thedowadelegationrand read as follows:Š " That the recent amendment contests demon-strate the need of more persistent and persuasive educational temperance work among all classes of people; the results of these several contests have given us practical proof that the success in the effort for the overthrow of the legalized liquor traffic can only be assured where the intelligent convictions of the people are in favor of prohibi-tion, and that defeat is certain where such convic-tions are lacking; therefore, resolved, further, that as forty odd departments of the W. C. T. U. work are for no party, but are for the education of the people in the truths of total abstinence and pro-hibition, and as we have in our membership Women whose differing political preferences lead them to sympathize with and support different political parties, therefore it is unjust and unwise for this organization to pledge its influence, sup-port, or allegiance to any political party. "Unjust because if this organization is non-partiSan, as our president has lately declared, such a pledge of influence, support, or allegiance, representatively given, interferes with the individ-ual freedom of any and every member to prefer and work for the political party of her choice. Unwise because in the practical carrying out of that pledge our religious and educational work is thereby subjected to party limitations and antago-nized by disastrous partisan opposition," Mrs. Foster and Mrs. Bailey spoke in favor of the adoption of the minority report. Mrs. Clara Hoffman spoke against its adoption. The major-ity report was adopted. The Iowa delegates alone voted in favor of the minority report. At this point Mrs. J. Ellen Foster arose and read a long protest on behalf of the Iowa delega-tion, setting forth that they had met with rebuffs and insults until forbearance had ceased to be a virtue. At the conclusion of the reading the en-tire Iowa delegation left the hall. The Right to Rest. Tan Rev. Dr. W. W. Evarts, of Chicago, is an active worker for a national Sunday law, and, like all his companions in the work, he uses arguments which, on account of their weakness, he would be ashamed to use in any other cause. The Golden Censer published a portion of one of his speeches some time ago, from which we extract the following:Š " It is not proposed to make people pious, to com-pel them to pray, but to protect those who wish to worship and pursue higher education. It is not de-clared, .You shall be a Catholic, or a Protestant, or a Mohammedan, or a Jew, or anything of the sort. The church wants to give the people a day that is necessary for all men alike. Every man knows the necessity for it if he knows himself at all. One day in seven, it is that right the Sabbath law protects, and that is all. The church simply gives the right, guards the right, for all men." Notice first the expression, "The church wants to give the people a day." The same idea is even more strongly expressed in the paragraph preceding the one just quoted, in which we find the statement, "The church, by enforcing the Sabbath, is taking better care of humanity than liberty leagues or infidel reformers." So, not-withstanding their pleading for a civil Sunday, we have an admission by one of the leaders in 