AMERICAN SENTINEL. 437 road was to be discontinued, but before this was done the authorities of the Old Colony road were appealed to, and arrangements were made by which local trains were run on Sunday to accommodate those who had been ac-accustomed to go into Boston by the horse railroad to church. In response, then, to these appeals for Sunday trains, on Monday, June 3, 1872, three Sunday 'locals' from South Braintree to Boston, and two in return were announced. Thus began the 'church trains' on the Old Colony road. "A striking and significant incident, in connection with these trains, occurred a few years ago. A clergy-man, who resided in one of the suburban villages on the line of this road was engaged for a length of time to sup-ply a church on the west side of Boston. In fulfilling his engagement he was accustomed to come in on the train which reached the station in Boston at a quarter past ten o'clock. Finding that a quarter of an hour was too short an interval of time for him to get to his pulpit as promptly as he wished, he wrote a letter to the superintendent of the road, asking that the train might be brought in a few minutes earlier for his benefit. "The experience of the Boston and Providence road in this matter was quite similar to that of the roads al-ready given, for among the signatures of the petition which finally secured the Sunday 'locals' on that road was that of a pastor of local prominence. "To sum up the whole matter in brief, it can safely be asserted that all the facts, so far as ascertained, show that the inauguration and establishment of the Sunday local train system on the railroads which center in Bos-ton was wholly the work of church-going people, and that it was, also, for their convenience in going to spe-cial churches to which they had become attached; it was not called for, however, by any necessity in enabling them to attend upon the public worship of God. More-over, the prominence which we have given to the Boston and Worcester (now Boston and Albany) railroad in this matter is just; for not only did it run Sunday locals for more than ten years before any other road, but the general testimony is that it was the example and influ-ence of this, the most powerful road coming into Boston, which finally made it necessary for the other roads to yield to the importunity of their patrons, and do as that road was doing." The Insular Commission on Church and State. "The Independent," New York. THERE are other recommendations made by the United States Insular Commission sent by the Secretary of War to Porto Rico which we need not discuss now, but the one that has happened to meet most criticism may call for defense. The reader must carefully dis-tinguish this War Department Commission of three members from that sent previously to the same island by the President, of which Dr. Henry K. Carroll was the sole member. He devoted much more time to his inves-tigation, and his final report, which will be much fuller than theirs, is still in preparation. The following is one recommendation of the War Department's Commission:Š " We recommend that a complete separation of church and state be decreed, and that all property, including cemeteries purchased with the public moneys, be declared the property of the Government, except that churches used for religious worship exclusively be allowed to remain in the possession of the congregation now occupying the same, and that this exception may be applied to cover the use of a sufficient number of rooms or buildings in connection therewith now used as resi-dences of pastors actually engaged in pastoral work, with their proper household attendants." The general drift of that recommendation is right; and it by no means deserves the contemptuous criticisms made on it by some Catholic journals which have never learned the spirit of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution. Nevertheless, it is by no means clear, and would require a great deal more of interpreta-tion in its application than the Commissioners seem to imagine. . . . Our own impression is that a special court will have to settle many questions of title, includ-ing those of ecclesiastical property, and that the ecclesi-astical property cannot be limited to churches and parsonages. But the paragraph which has excited the loudest howls of disapproval is the following:Š "That priests and others who have taken the vow of celebacy may be permitted to renounce said vows and enter into married relations, the same as other persons." A supposedly responsible Catholic paper in Phila-delphia calls the Commissioners "a bull in a china shop," and says they are recommending that every facility should be afforded for "committing perjury," and that they "meddle most bare-facedly with the business of the church." A New York Catholic paper, not without usual intelligence, calls this an "impudent .recommendation that the President of the United States, or his Secretary of War, shall relieve or absolve the priests and nuns from their vows of celibacy, so that they can enter into the marriage relations a la Martin Luther!" We beg our Catholic friends to go slow. What is proposed is simply the application to Porto Rico of ordinary American principles. There is no proposition to absolve anybody from vows. There is only the prop-osition that those who have left the Catholic Church be no longer forbidden to marry. The Spanish laws forbid marriage to such people, but in this country we let the church attend to its own perverts, and thunder as loud excommunications as it pleases, but the state keeps its hands off; it forbids neither excommunication nor mar-riage. Even now a pervert priest can marry here, but he cannot in Porto Rico till the marriage laws are changed, and they ought to be changed. A priest or nun ought to be allowed by the state to renounce the Catholic Church and its vows, and then to do what any 