00110 .,1144 V ŁŁŁ ŁŁ, ,,,, .. qual and &xactJuEtice to all Men, of Whatever Mate or 'Persuasion, Feligious or Volitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, JANUARY 21, 1892. NUMBER 3. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PPESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BoNn ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE, CHRISTIANITY fostered and supported by a civil government ceases to be Chris-tianity, and loses its power either to ele-vate people in the moral scale or to pre-vent them from sinking to even greater depths of vice than that in which it finds them. GOVERNMENTS have in past ages as-sumed to dominate the realm of conscience; the sequel is the history of the Inquisition. The thumbscrew, the rack, and the fagot are inseparable from the theocratic theory of civil government. Men may affirm that they would not carry it so far as that, but it is impossible for them to stop short of it without abandoning their theory. It is for this reason that we oppose all Sunday laws; they are the be-ginnings of intolerance; they necessarily trench upon the most sacred right of man, namely, the right to worship (which car-ries with it the right not to worship) just as seemeth him good. WERE it not so serious a matter, it would be amusing to witness the sang-froid with which the Sunday advocates appeal to the fourth commandment, which, as they must surely know, has not the slightest reference to the first day of the week, but does enjoin the sacred observ-ance of the seventh day. An example of this wresting of the word of God is found in an article on " Sunday Closing of the World's Fair," by Rev. W. C. Wood, in Our Day for January: Mr. Wood says : The God who won Gettysburg for us, a provi-dential battle, is still the Almighty, "in whose  hand our breath is, and whose are all our ways." If we decide this question without supreme refer-ence to his will, he may not win our next Gettys-burg for us; He may allow the next Pickett's Charge not only almost but quite to succeed. He exiled his own Israel to Babylon for seven times ten years because they did not keep his Sabbath day (2 Chron. 36 : 21; Isa. 68: 13, 14 ; Jer. 17 : 21-27; Neh. 13: 18). Every scripture cited here applies only to the seventh day, and not one of them has the slightest reference to the first day of the week. How dare men who practice such methods plead for morals, and in-voke divine Providence to favor their du-plicity? The first error is in the assumption that civil government has any duty in enfor-cing the law of God. The attempt to compel Sabbath observance by human en-actments would be equally wicked were the effort made in behalf of the true in-stead of a spurious Sabbath. .4. A Constitution Divided Against Itself. THE Constitution of the State of Ten-nessee, framed by a convention which assembled for that purpose at Nashville, in 1870, and submitted to the people, and ratified in March of the same year, con-tains, in its Declaration of Rights and fol-lowing articles, these sections in reference to religion and the relation of religious questions to civil affairs:Š ARTICLE 1, SEC. 3. That all men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own conscience ; that no man can, of right, be compelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or to main-tain any minister again* his consent; that no human authority can, in any case whatever, con-trol or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship. SECTION 4. That no political or religious test, other than an oath to support the Constitution of the United States and of this State, shall ever be required as a qualification l any office or public trust under this State. SECTION 6. . . . and no religious or political test shall ever be required as a qualification for jurors. ARTICLE 9., SEC. 1. . Whereas ministers of the gospel are, by their profession, dedicated to God  and the care of souls, and ought not to be diverted from the great duties of their functions; therefore, no minister of the gospel, or priest of any denomi-nation whatever, shall be eligible to a seat in either house of the Legislature. SECTION 2. No person who denies the being of God, or a future state of rewards and punishments, shall hold any office in the civil department of this State. ARTICLE 11., SEC. 15. No person shall in time of peace be required to perform any service to the public on any day set apart by his religion as a day of rest. SECTION 16. The declaration of rights hereto prefixed is declared to be a part of the Constitution of this State, and shall never be violated on any pretense whatever. And to guard against trans-gression of the high powers we have delegated, we declare that everything in the Bill of Rights con-tained is excepted out of the general powers of the Government, and shall forever remain inviolate. The purpose of a bill or declaration of rights in a national or State Constitution is to express therein the fundamental prin-ciples of political liberty, and enact them into law. Political liberty can not be uni-versal in a State which denies to its citi-zens, or any part of them, civil freedom in religious thought, expression, or observ-ance; or that discriminates between in-dividual sects of religionists, or between professed religionists and those who pro-fess no religion at all, or deny its author-ity entirely. To express this idea in its completeness is the intent of Sections 3 and 4 in the declaration of rights of the State of Tennessee, previously quoted. The sacred absolutism of the principle laid down in this declaration is solemnly en-forced with as emphatic language as the English tongue affords, in Sections 15 and 16 of Article 11. The bill of rights is, by special provision, declared to be a part of the Constitution of the State, and never to be violated; and to emphasize this still more, everything contained in the bill of rights is declared to be excepted out of the general powers of the Governrdent, and to remain forever inviolate. Yet, in spite of this solemn assurance, emphasized by repetition, and again and again declared forever inviolable, in a succeeding- article, within the very body of the Constitution itself, are found two sections totally at 