442 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "The earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God" (Rom. 8:19). "If we suffer, we shall reign with him" (2 Tim. 2:12). Obscur-ity, rejection, exile, and trial in the world now; manifes-tation, vindication, enthronement, when the King comes, Šthis is the foretOld calling of the children of the king-dom. The unprecedented exemption of the church from per-secution, and the extraordinary triumphs of the gospel which have characterized this nineteenth century, may tend to seduce us into the notion that the kingdom has already come,,though the nobleman who had gone into a far country has not yet returned. That we may think truly on this subject, let us hear our Lord's voice, saying: "Fear not, little flock, for it is your Father's good pleas-ure to give you the kingdom" (Luke 12:32). In spite of widespread conquests of the gospel the church is still "a little flock," amid the vast populations of Pagans, Mohammedans, Infidels, and Apostates. This flock in every age has been branded with opprobriurh, and torn by persecution, and beaten by hireling shep-herds, and the end is not yet; for, as good Samuel Ruth-erford says, " So long as any portion of Christ's mystical body is out of heaven, Satan will strike at it." However favored in our times, this flock is not the kingdom; but it has the promise of the kingdom, in which rejection shall give place to rule, and crucifixion to coronation. When? " And when the Chief Shepherd shall appear, zirQ shall re-ceive a crown of glory that fadeth not away" (1 Peter 5:4). What temporary respite from persecution we may enjoy, so that for the time it may be said as of old, " Then had the churches rest," no permanent peace is guaranteed until the Lord's return. "And to you who are troubled, rest with us when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven" (2 Thess. 1:7). Persecution in Moncton, N. B. Moncton, N. B., July 8,1897. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL : Bro. Andrew Turner was to-day brought before Justice Grant, of this city, for vio-lation of the Sunday law. The complaint was laid by one Smith H. Brown, who runs a milk wagon on every day of the week. The complaint was for doing servile labor on the "Lord's day, commonly called Sunday." The complainant did not appear, and the magistrate dismissed the case, taxing the costs of the court upon Mr. Brown, and ordering that his goods and chattels be seized to pay the costs. It was very evident that had any one appeared against Brother Turner, he would have had to suffer the full penalty of the law, as the magistrate stated emphat-ically that men may keep any, or as many days as they wish, but the law says that they must keep Sunday. He also declared that "it *as fitting that one day in seven  should be set apart °y the law of the land as a universal Sabbath." The neighbors and friends of Brother Turner were present and testified in a marked manner to the high es-teem in which he is held -by all who know him. It should be a source of joy to him, that the Lord has chosen him to bring the light of the message of Rev. 14:9-12 before magistrates in this place. D. G. Scow. I. 1. Ł -4-4 THE SENTINEL will have an offer to make next week that will interest every reader of the paper. Look for it. Religion and the State in Japan. BY JOHN A. BRUNSON. IN order to reach just and accurate conclusions in reference to the relation existing between religion and the State in Japan, it will be necessary to take a brief survey of the prevailing religious systems of the country. The religious beliefs of the Japanese people may be divided into two classesŠShinto and Buddhist. It isnot easy to define clearly either of these systems of religious belief, or the relation that they sustain to each other; for many of the Japanese exhibit a spirit of tolerance in mat-ters theological that amounts to indifference, worshiping indiscriminately at either Shinto or Buddhist shrines. As a matter of fact, the two religions are so thoroughly interfused in practice that the number of pure Shintoists or pure Buddhists is exceedingly small. This rather re-markable and somewhat anomalous condition of things may be explained by the fact that Buddhism, after its introduction into Japan in the sixth century generously received into its pantheon all the native Shinto deities, explaining that they were only avators or visible mani-festations of some Indian god, and therefore it would be proper for converts to Buddhism to continue to worship their ancient gods as before. By this compromise dis-content among the Shintoists was allayed, and the Bud-dhist propagandists found their work of gaining adher-ents to their faith greatly facilitated. But mark the re-sultŠan instance of ecclesiastical hybridism, a corrupt system creditable to neither, so that the Buddhist gains were of rather doubtful nature. Shinto is the native cult of the Japanese, being indi-genous. Strictly speaking, it hardly deserves the title of religion, since it has neither creed, sacred books, nor code of morals. Certain modern Japanese writers, in their overweening vanity, account for the absence of ethical teachings on the ground, that the innate purity of the Japanese people render such teachings entirely superflu-ous. Say they, only such depraved peoples as Chinese and Westerners need the restraining and constraining influences of a formulated ethical code. Shinto recognizes a continued existence beyond the grave, but fails to teach whether it is one of joy or pain. Hence the doctrine of rewards and punishments is not 