160 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American $entinel. NEW YORK, MARCH 10, 1898. READ, on another page, the article "In Holy Russia," and as you read, reflect that the atrocious invasion of sacred personal rights of which the Russian government is guilty as de-scribed, is defended simply and solely by the principle that the state ought to be united with religion. Reflect also that this principle has numerous and influential advocates in the Uni-ted States. SOME interesting facts and figures will be presented in next week's issue showing that a determined opposi-tion is being made to the policy of discontinuing government appropri-ations of public money for sectarian institutions. In fact, it seems prob-able that this policy will be reversed, and the Government put back on the old track of church and state partner-ship. 'And remember that facts like these are what everybody ought to know. THE pope, it is said, has given out as his "express wish," that Roman Catholics "should be loyal to the country in which they live, and in the event of war rally to their country's support." We give the pope credit for better sense than such a state-ment implies; but after all, the spec. tacle of Catholics of Spain fighting Catholics of the United States by or-der of "the church" would not be more incongruous than that of Methodists of the North fighting Methodists of the South under sanction of the church, as was witnessed in this country not long since. THE Sunday-Rest Bill, upon which a hearing was recently given at Wash-ington, was, it is said, a part of the annual output of the "Churchmen's League"Šan organization represent-ing the Episcopal Church. According to a spokesman of the League who writes in the Washington Post, of March 3, George Washington,  Thomas Jefferson, and James Madi-ison were members of the Episcopal Church. It is not claimed that they were the founders of the League; but it may appear that they were after the Catholic and other churches shall have finished revising history. IT is easy to shut one's eyes to anything and everything; and it is almost as easy to miss seeing things of importance by giving them only a casual, careless glance. Those who have given more than a casualglance to developments now taking place in this country know that the nation has reached the greatest crisis in its history. But their knowledge will not help you unless you can be in-duced to give your earnest attention to these things. What means the great "Christian Citizenship" move-ment, to the principle of which the greatest and most active church forces in the country now stand com-mitted? Is this feature of the times worth considering? If not, what do you deem worth considering? WE have received a small tract and a card sent by a party in Davenport, Iowa, making a "Call to the Christian Voters" of the land, for the forma-tion of a United Christian Party to take charge of the country. He sees "a golden opportunity for the Chris-tians to advance the kingdom of Jesus Christ on earth, to better the condition of the human race, and to overthrow the work of Satan in our Government," by having all Chris-tians "united at the ballot box." "Present political parties," he says, "fail to give us a remedy to destroy evil and better conditions, because they have wandered away from God and rejected his Son, Jesus Christ, in polities." It is a straw which shows how the wind of "Christian politics" is blowing among the people. THE "flag salute" has appeared in the public schools of Brooklyn; and, of course, there is trouble. Et resi-dent of that borough of Greater New York who knows the facts of the case sends us the following statement : "In one of the Eastern District schools  of our city a little boy eight years old, for refusing to comply with the teacher's request to salute the flag, and participate in a military march around the school room, in which each boy when passing the flag was supposed to lay his right hand finger on the left shoulder, imitating the carrying of a gun, was punished by having to stand up all day.during his studies. The following day he was punished by having his hand slapped with a ruler. 'His mother, when in-f ormed of these facts, called on the teacher,, who tried to defend her act on the plea of patriotism, but referred her to the principle of the school, who pleaded ignorance of the matter, but promised to stop it; which. I am glad to say, was done and it has not yet been repeated." The lad's refusal, we learn, was not from stubbornness, but because he had been taught that the spirit of militarism was contrary to Christianity: THE country has before it two ob-ject lessons warning against a union of church and state. One is Spain,Šonce the foremost nation in Europe, now bringing up the rear; vanquished by each of her American colonies; bankrupt in purse and prestige, and without any creditable history since the discovery of America,ŠSpain, the ever-faithful adherent of the Roman Catholic Church. The other object lessonŠand 'one which the country is obliged to noticeŠis Utah: now en-dowed with the powers of a sovereign State, and rapidly furnishing evidence of being under the control of the Mor-mon Church. The American people revolted at the idea of the perpetua-tion of polygamy; but it has been demonstrated that the union of reli-gion with the state is a greater evil than polygamy; that it, and not polygamy, is the root evil of Mor-monism. Will the people of the Uni-ted States now proceed to establish a religious state, for which millions of religious people here are now work-ing? Will they establish on a na-tional scale what Utah has furnished on the scale of a single State? If they do, with these object lessons before them.;  they will certainly be without excuse. 