1111111111,1al,  Ł ,yj ign Y: III lir '10111..11'4i Equal and exact justice to all nqert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas JePrson. VOLUME, 5. NEW YORK, APRIL 24, 1890. NUMBER 17. e American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONLIt, ALONZO T. JoNns. THE decision of the Wisconsin Supreme Court against the Bible in the public schools is called a victory for the Oath-°lies. Strictly speaking this is not true. It is a victory for everybody who loves justice and the rights of men. Yet in a certain sense it is a victory for the Cath-olics, that is, in the sense that they are the ones who had the courage to fight the battle by which the victory was won. In this sense it is a victory for .the Catholics. It is an. honorable one too and they are justly Łentitled to the credit of it. But it is a shame to the Protestantism of Wis-cousin, that -the fighting of such a battle and the winning, of such a victory had to be by Roman Catholics. THE Emperor of Germany, when get-ting up his labor conference, appointed a Roman Catholic Bishop as one of the German delegates and at the same time announced to the Pope that he relied upon the support of the Catholic clergy in set-tling the questions involved, and the Pope, in reply said that this question " would be best solved by the application of Sunday rest and religious education." Thus, as the Sunday-rest movement spreads, the Pope comes more and more into promi-nence in the matter; and when that move-ment becomes universal, as these interna-tional efforts will make it, the Pope will be, in that matter, again the recognized universal head. This is very becoming. Universal Sunday laws before wore syn-onymous with the Papal headship of the world, and when they become universal again, the same thing will be again. The two belong together. A Fair Proposition. To those people who are making such strenuous efforts to have a general religion " a broad Christianity," adopted by the United States Government, we have a proposition to make, which, if accepted and carried out, will demonstrate the virtue of their professions. There is just now considerable talk about the establishing of a National Uni-versity. The Roman Catholics have es-tablished a university at the national capi-tal. Now it would do no good, even if it could be accomplished, for each one of the different Protestant denominations to establish a university also at Washing-ton; therefore, what we propose is this : Let all the Protestant denominations, those broad Christians, those who think that religion and sectarianism are dis-tinct and separate things,Šlet these unite in that blessed harmony which they ad-vocate, and go to Cardinal Gibbons, and his associate authorities in this country, and, by a general consensus of opinion, reach a harmonious view of God and re-ligion and morals. Then by generous contributions let them secure proportionate shares in the property of the university al-ready established ; and make it indeed a national one, in which they can set before the Nation a living actual illustration of that all-absorbing charity and unity in Christian graces, principles, and methods, which they profess. This is a fair proposition. The way is open for them to show that their pro-fessions are genuine; that their views of the relations between State and religion are sound, and that it is the easy task which they profess, to make it a success. Or, if it be too great a task for Prot-estants thus to unite with Roman Cath- olics at the very first effort, then we submit this proposition Š that they es-tablish for themselves, a national Protes-tant university at Washington city. Let them decide just what principles shall be taught there, as the principles of genuine Christianity. Let them agree upon the true basis of morals; let them choose a board, settle the faculty, and illustrate upon a national plane the virtues of that broad Christianity, that un sectarian relig-ion, and that standard of general morality which they profess and advocate, and which they claim it would be so easy for the State to adopt and enforce. If they will do this to their own satisfaction, and to the satisfaction of the people of the Na-tion, then their movement to have the State do likewise would have so much, at least, in its favor, that they could point to the actual facts in the case, and show that agreement in these things were possible. But until some such effort as this shall have been made, some attempt at least to do or show that that can be done, which they demand the State shall do, their pro-fessions and their .pretensions that such a thing can be done will lack that force by which alone arguments can ever be made to carry conviction. Will they try it? Sectarianism and Religion. THE object of the appointment of the Committee on Religion and Public Edu-cation by the Presbyterian Synod of New York is " to emphasize the distinction between sectarianism and religion; to in-sist that sectarianism should be rigidly excluded from our public schools, and with equal emphasis to insist that the State, for its own sake, must instruct all its wards in reverence for God, as the basis for good morals." Before these folks attempt to emphasize so very much the distinction between sectarianism and 