7IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, MAY 4, 1899. NUMBER 18. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. iflarAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) IN a really free government all things are subordi- nate to the individual. A A THE church's power for good is not the power of fed-eration, but the power of godliness. A A THE man who can't keep Sunday without a Sunday law doesn't want to keep it very much. ot A CIVIL government may profess Christianity, but the only religion it can practice is a religion of force. .4 .4 THE State can depend upon the individual con science; but the individual cannot depend on the State conscience. <pt RELIGIOUS error never meets truth without getting very much "disturbed;" but truth is always calm and unprovoked. A NATION'S prosperity is not measured by the might of its armies and navies, but by the number of blessings enjoyed by the people under its government. .4 Jt ANY Christian who will spend the Sabbath in the company of the Lord will not be disturbed by all the sec-lar business that can be going on in the world. JESUS CHRIST has shed all the blood that needs to be shed to insure the full success of Christianity. THE pretended "successors of Peter" have withdrawn the sword which Peter sheathed at the command of Christ in Gethsemane; but Christ's command has never been withdrawn. NEARLY all the States agree that the Sabbath must be "preserved," but nearly all differŠas the statute books showŠin their recipes for preserving it. Would it not be well to determine the correct recipe before carry-ing "Sabbath" legislation further? Ancient History Repeated in Pennsylvania. THE "federation of churches," in alliance with the Amalgamated Association of Iron Workers, at Pitts-burg, Pa., are pushing steadily forward in the joint en-terprise of securing Sunday closing in mills and factor-ies. The latest word on the subject comes in a press item from Pittsburg stating that "committees repre-senting the mill men and the local clergy met yesterday afternoon in the office of the Amalgamated Association to devise plans for stopping Sunday work in the mills." At the mass meetings held recently in Pittsburg to further this project, president Shaffer of the labor union, with other speakers, referred to certain mills in the State which are being operated on Sundays. Most prominent among these are the Carnegie mills and the Johns-town mills. These mills were referred to in terms of se-vere denunciation. They were to be made the special objects of attack by the church and labor combination. It has been mentioned as a singular fact that a great labor organization, like this "Amalgamated Associa-tion" in Pennsylvania, should undertake to enforce the Sunday laws. It is the first time such a thing was ever known. A correspondent in that State, referring to the 