746 AMERICAN SENTINEL.° able to exercise upon us the evil shadow which follows us. "Then since God is not with us, let us remain with 'God!" The above is a sad yet true picture expressed by a heart full of bitterness, almost on the verge of desperaŁ Lion, a soul tired of being imprisoned in the trammels of Rome. His keen eye has penetrated the superficiality of the papish system; he sees the mercenary motives which impel the many blasphemous ceremonies of Catholicism; .and he sees also the judgment of God being poured out upon Spain because of her having left the true and living 'God, by turning her face to the altars of Baal. It is a fact that almost every expedition in times past that hits received the papal benediction, has met with defeat and disaster. Thus the people are beginning 'to open their eyes to the emptiness of both Ro raish bles-sings and cursings. Oh, that poor Spain would open her doors to receive the message of salvation; open her heart to admit of the rays of the Sun of righteousness. This is the only balm for the afflicted soul of Spain. This is.the only way by which Spain or any other land can be elevated from 'the low and immoral plain of this degenerate world. How long, oh, Spain, will you close your eyes to the glorious truth hidden in God's Word? How long will yOu 'remain in your priest-ridden servitude, when God wants you to step into the light and liberty of the gospel? Turn your eyes Zionward, leave all superstition, and human tradition; then shall you receive the blessingŠnot from the VaticanŠbut from the divine Creator,Ša blessing that will bring victory here in the present life, and a crown of life hereafter. :Republica, Argentina. The Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. 14. BY. C. H. KESLAKE. JESUS CHRIST is the author of religious liberty for all 'men. In him originates this principle, eternal in its nature, and broad as the universe. Christ's mission to earth was for the purpose of setting men free. At the beginning of his ministry he exclaimed, "The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he has anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the broken-hearted, to preach de-liverance [to proclaim liberty] to the captives, and re-covering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised; to preach the acceptable year of the Lord." Isa. 61:1, 2; Luke 4:18, 19. This proclamation strikes at the bondage of sin. This will be seen from the language of Christ in John 8 :31-36: "Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, If ye continue in my words, then are ye my dis-ciples indeed, and ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. . . . Whosoever committeth sin  is the servant [lit. bondslave] of sin. And the servant abideth not in the house forever. If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." Why was this liberty proclaimed to every captive son and daughter of Adam? The answer is: "That we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear, in holiness and righteousness before him, all the days of our life." Luke 1:74, 75. This is liberty indeedŠliberty, so complete that all who choose to do so, may serve the Lord, and serve him in holiness and righteousness all their life long. It is liberty to do rightŠto do righteousness. Without this liberty it would be utterly impossible to render accept-able service to the Author of our being. Service pleas-ing to him is that where the heart is yielded up unre-servedly to GodŠservice which alone is prompted by love and wrought in faith. Rom. 6:13; Gal. 5:6. So sacred is this principle of liberty, so important is it that it shall be left untrammeled, that even God will let a man go wrongŠwill even let him commit sin rather than compel him by brute force to do right. Nay, such a thing as forcing a man to do right is an absolute im-possibilityŠeven with Deity. Could this have been done, there would have been no necessity for Christ to have given himself for sinners. The only force that God can possibly use to lead a soul to serve him is love, and love does not coerce; it does not make a man do a thing against his will; it simply makes him willing, and being willing, the service then rendered is a delightsome one. It follows, therefore, that no one can of right inter-pose himself between the individual and his God, and by force compel him to render one single duty to God. The man or body of men who would do thisŠwhether in legislative halls, or in church capacity, even though it is done professedly in the name of ChristŠany or all such, in that thing, would thereby declare themselves the ene-mies of both God and man. The logic therefore is that no man can justly judge another because of his religious belief, or even of his unbelief. Nor do we need to depend upon mere human deduc tions, plain though they be. We have the highest au-thority and example possible in this matter, even that of Christ himself. This is what he says: "If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12:47. All that Jesus Christ taught was the truth, for he is "the Truth." In not a single instance did he speak of himself. Thus he testified: " But the Father which sent me, he gave me a commandment, what I should say, and what I should speak. And I know that his command-ment is life everlasting; whatsoever I speak, therefore, even as the Father said unto me, so I speak." John 12: 49, 50. And all this was in order that souls might be saved, and only that souls might be saved. Even Christ could not judge and save at the same time. And if it is true of Christ, it is equally true of his representatives. 