AMERICAN- SENTINEL. 565 from emperor. The rule of the many over themselves is republicanism. This gone, there must follow the rule of a few, and eventually of one over the many; and that rule was never anything else than despotism. "Sunday League" Work in Mississippi. BY R. S. OWEN. THE Sunday-law advocates seem to be making Mississippi their special field of operations at the present time. They have already got their "stakes set" and are getting their ropes ready to "scoop us all in." I am informed by the president of the Sunday League of Co-lumbus, that auxiliary Sunday leagues have been formed in every county of the State, acting under the direction of State officers of the Sunday League of America, an incorporated body having its headquarters at Colum-bus, Ohio, with general manager's office in Atlanta, Ga. They are planning to work on the legislature of the State to secure a more stringent Sunday law. "We insist," they say in their Sunday reform leaflets, "that the Sunday labor must be reduced to the minimum of real mercy and necessity." In enumerating the open foes of their movement, they mention "first, Sabbatizers, a small, compact, con-scientious group of mistaken men, who put the Jews' day in the place of the Lord's day." Second, "Indiffer-entists, who care for none of those things but whose contempt of silence, arrays them against Christ and his day." The third class are those who "plead for personal liberty." In answer to the question, "By what methods shall we meet these?" they answer:Š "1, By legal methods . . . we can and should de-mand that the Sunday laws on the statute books be enforced. We can and should bring our influence as citizens united on the main issue, if possible, to bear upon our legislators and executives. . . . We can and should agitate and petition, petition and agitateŠYes, watch, fight, pray. "2. By reform methodsŠmass-meetings, organiza-tions, tracts, essays, and books to be scattered broad-cast. A half holiday Saturday should be insisted upon as a social ventŠa necessity, a preparation for the Sabbath. "3. Church methodsŠIf the Sabbath is lost, the cita-del of the church is captured. . . . Every denomination should be a separate fort with guns loaded and manned. In council, congress, conference, convention, synod, as-sembly, resolutions should be passed." I have called on two of the ministers of this place and found considerable quantities of Sunday League literature on hand for free distribution. One of the ministers said, "The nation is to be seeded down with them." 'This is a Christian nation," said he. "That question has been decided by the judge of the Supreme Court." So according to this we are to have the spectacle of a "Christian nation" enforcing a religious observance by law upon a conscientious group of men and a liberty-loving people at home, and subjugating the heathen abroad by means of the destructive engines of modern warfare. Truly this is not the Christianity of the Christ of Calvary, who said, "If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not;" and who also said to Peter, "Put up again thy sword into his place; for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sv, ord." I recently heard an advocate of national religion say, "Better have a bad God than no God." None but Christ of Calvary forme. Lessons front the Past. BY JOHN M'CARTHY. BECAUSE of the agitation, in which united militarism and clericalism have completely taken possession of France, in the case of Dreyfus, the religious French jour-nal, L'Evangeliste, has printed a well-written article, from which we translate the following part, that our readers may once for all understand what is the disposi-tion of clericalism. It says:Š "That which is passing to-day in France, is sufficient to profoundly disconcert those who can bring to mind the lessons of the past. They are too tragic to permit of their being forgotten, and each one of them cries to-us in warning voice, Remember! and be careful! "Remember ye the year 1851! Then ye saw our people after the enjoyment of scarcely four years of lib-erty, throw themselves at the feet of a master, who carried a great historic name, a Napoleon, without the genius of his uncle; and thus did our people place upon themselves the yoke, to escape the real or imaginary dangers of the free institutions. Ye could see them a peopleŠthirsty for restŠgive the absolution of their votes to the perjured author of the great coup d'etat of December 2. "Remember ye the year 1870! That brought the terrible and heavy ransom of those moral weaknesses of 1851! Remember the war developed by the nefarious alliance of clericalism with militarism. Remember how France was invaded, also the capitulations of Sedan, Metz, and Paris, and how Alsace and Lorraine were rooted out of our native country. How the great ar-mies sent to butcher others were conducted into captiv-ity; and how we were compelled to pay, as war indem-nity, the stupendous amount of 5,000,000,000 francs; and to be concise, this lamentable destruction of our nation is but the result of having abdicated our rights, by allowing a master to take possession of them. "Remember ye the year 1889! That year saw a large number of our people, ay! the great majority of the residents of Paris, ready to sacrifice their liberties into the hands of a factious general, whoŠhappily for usŠfled to a foreign country, from whence he saw the flower of French society stand up as one man, deter- 