OJP`faiD EY.AGT JCS TIC.7. 7..0 4,4  374 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. '11117.0%..TY4:101V.A..1.Ł R6liololls Libutll ASSOGidti011 DEGLIIRRTION OF PRINGIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit. ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORE CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, M/CH. R. C. PORTER  A. F. BALLENGER A Sound Legal Opinion. THE Superintendent of Public Instruction of the State of Washington, sometime since submitted the following in reference to the reading of the Bible in the public schools, to the Attorney General of the State, for his official opinion :Š " Can a teacher employed in the common schools of this State, without violating any law of the State, or any provisions of the State Constitution, conduct devotional or religious exercises at the opening of the school day, or during any part of the school day as prescribed by law, by the singing of hymns or other sacred music, or by reading pas-sages from the Bible, without comment, or by re-peating or causing to be repeated (without com-ment), what is usually known as the Lord's Prayer ?" In his reply Attorney General Jones says:Š The question which you have submitted to me is one of so much interest to the people of the State at large, and is fraught with so much consequence to the present and future weal of our common school system, that I have felt justified in taking considerable length of time to make a rather ex-tended and careful investigation of the subject. The provisions of our own State Constitution which have a bearing on this question are Section 11, Article 1, of the Constitution which is as follows: "Section 11. Absolute freedom of conscience in all matters of religious sentiment, belief and worship shall be guaranteed to every individual, and no one shall be molested or dis-turbed in person or property, on account of reli-gion; but the liberty of conscience hereby secured shall not be so construed as to excuse acts of licen-tiousness, or justify practices inconsistent -with the peace and safety of the State. No public money or property shall be appropriated for, or applied to, any religious worship, exercise or instruction, or the support of any religious establishment. No re-ligious qualification shall be required for any public office or employment, nor shall any person be in-competent as a witness or juror, in consequence of his opinion on matters of religion, nor be ques-tioned in any court of justice touching his religious belief to affect the weight of his testimony." Section 4, of Article 9, as follows : " Section 4.ŠAll schools maintained or supported wholly or in part by the public funds shall be forever free from sectarian control or influence."' The first subdivision of the compact with the United States, found in article 26, as follows: "FirstŠThat perfect toleration of religious sen-timent shall be secured and that no inhabitant of this State shall ever be molested in-person or prop-erty on account of his or her mode of religious worship." And the fourth subdivision of said compact, as follows: "Fourth.ŠProvision shall be made for the es-tablishment and maintenance of systems of public schools free from sectarian control, which shall be open to all the children of said State." . . . From an examination of the provisions on the  subject of religion found in the Constitution of the United States, and in the Constitutions of the sev-eral States of the Union, it will be noticed that at the very outset the people of this country declared with singular unanimity against the union of reli- gion with the Government. . . It was, no doubt, with a full consideration of the heterogeneous elements composing our Nation, and the memory of the persecutions of their an-cestors, that the people of all the States adopted constitutional safeguards against religious intol-erance, and all but two of the original thirteen States declared a complete divorce between the Government and creed. . . . An examination of all the State Constitutions will disclose the further fact that the sentiment of the people to make the divorce between Church and State, between government and creed, between politics and religion, more complete and absolute, has been one of constant and unvarying growth. While the early Constitutions were not very rad-ical upon this question, some of them even coun-tenancing a limited union between Church and State, the later Constitutions have, in almost every instance, incorporated into themselves provisions and declarations more radical, sweeping, and com- prehensive than their predecessors. Ł This marked and constant growth indicates with great emphasis that the people were not satisfied with the loose and indefinite provisions of the early Constitutions, and were unwilling to leave open a way for the insidious invasion of public affairs by religious sectarianism through the avenue of ju-dicial construction and interpretation. This growth of public sentiment has continued until the adoption of our own Constitution, the provisions of which on this subject are as broad, if not broader and more positive and more compre-hensive, than similar provisions in any of the other State Constitutions. This growth does not, however, indicate a de-crease in religious sentiment among the people; these provisions have not been the work of the en-emies, but of the friends of religion. It is not that the men who framed and the people who adopted these constitutional enactments were wanting in reverence for the Bible, and respect and veneration for the sublime and pure morality taught therein, but because they were unwilling that any, avenue should be left open for the invasion of the right of absolute freedom of conscience in religious affairs ; because they were unwilling that any man should be required directly or indirectly, to contribute to-ward the promulgation of any religious creed, doc-trine or sentiment to which the conscience did not lend full assent. It was with this idea in view that the provisions of Section 11 (supra) were framed. There can be no doubt that the word " religion " and "religious," as used in that section, apply to all forms of reli-gion and religious worship and belief, and that as a test of qualification for public office, or to affect the weight of his testimony as a witness in judicial proceedings, its provisions equally protect the disciple of Abraham, of Mohammed, of Con-fucius, and of Jesus ; and that within the meaning of that section each is a member of a distinct reli-gious sect or denomination. . . . The fact that the great majority of the people of this State are Christians can not in any way affect this question; for if there were only one Christian in the State, that one Christian would be equally entitled to the constitutional guaranty as he is under existing circumstances, and it would be a cowardly court that would refuse to extend it to him simply because he was in the minority. But does the conclusion, that the stated reading of the Bible in the public school is religious wor-ship and instruction, lead to the further conclusion that it is in violation of any part of the constitu-tional provisions above cited ? The Attorney General continues at length, and gives his official opinion that the holding of religious exercises in the public schools of the State of Washington is unconstitutional. Upon this point he says the language of the Constitution of the State is remarkably clear. Ł  THE Woman's Christian Temperance Union has received the retort courteous from the Knights of Labor convened in, their General Assembly at To-ledo, Ohio. The Union transmitted to the As-sembly a series of resolutions in -which it was asked to concur. One of them was in regard to the clos-ing of the World's Fair on Sunday. The Knights resolved to the contrary and declared in favor of the opening of the Fair on Sunday. THE Christian Statesman will be published here-after in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, under the man-agement of Wilbur F. Crafts. THE ministers of Lima, Ohio, have organized a " Sabbath Association " and a crusade against Sun-day papers. They make the Sunday paper the head and front of all irreligious offense because, as they say ; " the Sunday barber shop, Sunday base-ball, the Sunday saloon etc., all point to the Sun-day newspaper by which to justify themselves." THE Grand Jury of Rome, Georgia, has found it necessary to criticise with severity the action of the Law and Order League of that city. In New-ark, New Jersey, the Grand Jury has likewise men-tioned unfavorably the course taken by this legal sword arm of the American Sabbath Union. How long will it be before the authorities and the peo-ple will realize the mighty federation of leagues, associations, and societies which exists for the pur-Ł pose of overthrowing civil liberty in religious af-fairs ? A PETITION, demanding the enforcement of the State Sunday laws in Portland, Oregon, and signed by 2,000 voters of the city has heen presented to the common council of Portland. The spokesman for the committee of citizens and clergymen of all de-nominations was Archbishop Gross of the Roman Catholic Church. Three Catholic Fathers were pre-sent and five clergymen of Protestant denominations. Such incidents as this mark the beginning of the fusion of Protestants and Roman Catholics for the acceptance and enforcement of a political Christi anity. Ł *  *  THE example of the Swine Breeders' Association in attempting to remove the ancestral curse from American pork by resolving that the Chicago hog is and by right must be compelled to be a Sunday-keeper, has been followed by the American Short-Horn Breeders' Association at their annual meeting in Chicago. American pork and short-horn beef must hereafter be the strong meat of all true Na-tional Reformers and Sabbath Unionists. The Buffalo News remarks of these " Sabbatarian extremists :" "Doesn't the Association think it would be a good thing to have religious exercises for the animals too ?" A CORRESPONDENT from Nebo, Kentuosy, writes that the people in that locality quite generally con-sider that the decision of Judge Hammond in the case of R. M. King is just. He says, further, that the ministers of all denominations, both white and colored, are preaching that everybody, regardless of their observance of another day, or whether they believe that any day should be kept or not, should be compelled to obey the laws of the land by keep-ing Sunday. This is another instance showing that the only possible use that can be made of Sunday laws is for zealots to take advantage of them to annoy their inoffensive friends and neighbors, who would like the privilege of disposing of their own time, while other people are doing the same. THE Detroit Free Press prints, in its notes from the University of Michigan, an item which shows the existence of a society among the students of that institution, the members of which are giving their attention to questions of living moment. Students who are now investigating along the lines of thought denoted by these subjects will find themselves fitted to cope with the problems of the deepest importŠsocial, legal, legislative, religious,--that will present themselves for final de-cision in the coming years. The item says:Š The meeting of the Atheneaum on Monday even-ing was noticeable for the discussions on " The Bible in the U. of M.," "Sunday and the World's Fair," "Madison on Socialism," and "Thanksgiv-ing Proclamations." A paper on "The Importance of Maintaining American Principles" was read by W. A. Blakely. Selections were read from " Spar-tacus," by Fred. A. Howe, " Virginia," by Jessie Opal Barber, " The Celebrated King Case," by Leon A, Smith. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. 