JusiE 27, 1895. A, METE L-eIC 205 subordination todt." Again, stated in a very recent opinion, " It is very broad and far-reaching, but is not. without its limitations. Legislative , acts passed in pursuance of it must not be in conflict with the constitution." In the face of Subdivision 29 of Section 59 of the constitution, by what law and with what logic can it be elairried that if one person on the Sabbath shall himself be found at his own or any other trade or call-ing, or shall employ his apprentices or other, person in labor or other business, whether the same be for profit or amusement. that lie shall be punished, while persons engaged the maintenance or operation of a ferry, skiff, or steamboat, or steam or street railroad in the limits of this State, or who belong to a religious society who observe as a Sabbath any other day in the week than Sunday, and shall observe as a Sabbath one day in each seven, that they shall go free and unpun-ished 2 In answer to this question it is ingeniously insisted that the exceptions enumerated in Section 1,321 are a legislative declaration of what are works of charity and necessity, and that accused cannot complain of these exceptions. To hold that these exceptions were meant by the legislature as a legislative declaration as to what are works of charity and necessity, would be to hold that the legislative department was invading powerCexpressly given to the judicial department by Section 27, greatly amplified by Section 28 of the con-stitution. To deny the accused the right to complain of this section by reason of the exceptions would be to hold that the exceptions were passed for his benefit, and that by them he was not discriminated against, neither of which is true. At first blush it appeared to my mind that if these exceptions did not make Section 1,321 obnoxious to the provisions of the constitution aforesaid, these exceptions should be held void, but I find this position is not tenable. The rule, as stated by Mr. Cooley, is as follows :Š " But if its purpose, that is, the purpose of the law, is to accomplish a single object only, and some of its provisions are void, the whole must fall unless suffi-cient remains to effect the object without the aid of the invalid portion, and if they are so mutually con-nected with and dependent on each other as conditions, considerations or compensations for each other as to warrant the belief that the legislature intended them as a whole, and if all could not be carried into effect, the legislature would not pass the residue independ-ently,,then if some of the parts are unconstitutional, all the provisions which are thus dependent, condi-tional or connected, must fall with them." There is but one other question which I find it ne-cessary to pass upon, and that is that if Section 1,303 and Section 1,321 are invalid, then Section 1,304 which,  reads, "Any person who shall, without license so to do, sell or otherwise dispose of any spirituous, vinous, or malt liquors, shall for each offense be fined not less than $20, nor more than $100," applies to this case, because defendant's license, if he had any, did not give defendant the right to keep open his bar-room on Sun-day, or to sell or otherwise dispose of liquors on said day. It seems to me that the warrant is insufficient to raise this question, and that it would be a com-plete defense to Section 1,304 if any one produced a license, whether he had sold on Sunday or any other day: For the reason given the demurrer to the warrant is sustained. W. L. JACKSON, Judge. We will print Judge Richie's opinion next week. A LETTER. [From the Examiner National Baptist and Christian Inquirer, New York, June 20, 1895.] WE have received a letter from Mr. R. S. Owen, 450 Auburn Avenue, Atlanta, Ga., in which he expresses very high appreciation of the position taken by THE EXAMINER in its editorial columns in reference to the violation of religious liberty in the case of men sentenced to fine, imprisonment, and the chain-gang, for conscientiously engaging, upon the first  day of the week, in labor which does not disturb their neighbors. He also expresses his gratitude for the, resolution passed by the American Baptist Publication Society, at Sar-atoga, on the motion of a representative of THE EXAMINER, protesting against these vio-lations of religious liberty. Mr. Owen further writes: "But a few days since, I visited one of my brethren in a loathsome prison, inclosed in an iron cage with incendiaries, thieves, and murderers, awaiting their departure to the chain-gang. This brother had wronged no one; he had molested no one. He had simply kept the Sabbath according to the commandment, and, quietly, in his own back field, had worked at honest labor on the first, day of the week. I talked to the clerk of the court, who had lived neighbor to him for years; he told me there was not a better man in the county. The sheriff told me he was a good citizen. After I had spent some time in the jail, visiting through the iron bars with this brother, I felt that his cold-hearted persecutors were more in need of sympathy than he.. We prayed to-gether, and although I could not refrain from weeping, his face was lighted up with joy. The presence of Jesus seemed so near to him that it turned the prison into a palace. May God bless you, and make you a blessing to those who are seeking to make men religious by law, showing them that the power of God is to be manifested through the gospel, and not through the pains and penalties of the civil law."   Ł  "ROME NEVER CHANGES." [The following translation of a circular letter from the Bishop of Bogota, United States of Colombia, S. A., to the priests of his diocese, shows conclusively that Rome has not changed. She is the same in South America that she was in Europe five centuries ago. Rome establishes schools when she must, and controls, but never fosters education.] Archbishopric of Santaf4 de Bogota.ŠEcclesiastical Government. Bogota, May 6, 1895. To the Priest of  As our divine Saviour says: the enemy con- tinually invades the father's inheritance, and laughing at vigilance of the good, sows tares amongst the wheat. Such is the case in coun-tries like ours, where, through divine favor, and, thanks to the zeal of our superiors, the only true, the apostolic Roman Catholic reli- gion prevails. The proselyting Protestant sects endeavor to induce the faithful to apos-tatize from the faith professed by them at baptiSm. This we have witnessed during the past -few years, principally, in this city, and elsewhere in the Republic. One of the numerous Protestant sectsŠwho agree among themselves, only to make war upon Catholicism,Š the Presbyterian, has for some time been among us, supporting mis-sionaries and propagating its false doctrines. 'Early, a church was built in which to cele-brate its heretical worship. Later these missionaries undertake the task *of collecting proselytes by sowing the evil seeds of heresy among the young. To accomplish this, a college and school for girls was established, where, as it is well known, are gathered not a few-children of poor parents; these they flatter by gifts and promises of pecuniary help. Next comes the establishment of .a college and schools for boys; and recently a night school was opened for workingmen, in which, according to their lately circulated prospectus, they also offer to give, besides the primary instruction, that of religion; which is none other than the Prot- estant. It pains us to see that some fathers and mothers, some unintentionally, others per-verted, have sacrificed their consciences and the faith of their families, and, perhaps for a small assistance, placed themselves and their children on the road to eternal destruction. We would be guilty of a grave neglect of duty if we did not earnestly call the attention of the clergy and faithful to these great evils which we have noted. Under a pretext of offering instruction, which is justly desired by all, it is not possible to permit them to snatch away, principally, from the poor the inesti-mable gift of faith in our Lord Jesus Christ, and his holy church. The present energetical propagating of the Protestant faith by means of tracts, leaflets, and periodicals, in which, under a cloak of pretended virtue and false piety, they endeavor to gain the confidence of a simple, and natur-ally believing people in order to instill into their minds errors and heresies which are not always easy to discover, and in the end to per-suade them, that they teach the true doctrines of our Lord Jesus Christ; that this consists in believing; that faith and works do not go together that it is enough to be sorry for sins and ask God's forgiveness in order to obtain justification; and,therefore, the teaching of the Catholic Church is false upon these, faith and good works, the sacraments in general, es-pecially upon the holy encharist, repentance, and confession. You, the priest, well understand how im-perative is our duty to instruct the faithful,,  who are under our pastoral care, of the dan-gers which threaten their souls, if they, knowingly expose themselves to the reception of these miserable doctrines, clearly prohibited and anathematized by our holy mother church, and, especially, by the holy Council of Trent. Therefore we most earnestly exhort you by the love of our Lord Jesus Christ, to improve every occasion presented,in public and private, in the pulpit, the confessional,and your social relations, to dissuade Catholics under your jurisdiction, from receiving Protestant books and periodicals, or those of unbelievers, and from taking part in, or causing others to lake pact in, the establishments of education founded and sustained in this city, or else-where, by the Presbyterians or any other sect. Therefore, in exercise of our authority, we decree that you persistently communicate and explain to the faithful the following points: 1st. Apostates from the Christian faith incur the penalty of excommunication, latea sentencia reserved especially to the Roman pontiff, and with them all heretics, of what-ever name or sect, and all who believe, harbor, aid or defend them; also schismatics, and all who obstinately depart from the obedience of the Roman pontiff. 2nd. The same penalty is incurred by all who knowingly read, without the authority of the holy see, books of the said apostates and heretics, wherein their heresy is defended, or books of authors which are expressly for-bidden, also those who keep, print, or in any manner defend them. 3rd. No Catholic can, without committing mortal sin and incurring the other penalties imposed by the church, send his sons, daugh-ters or those dependent upon them, or go him-self to any establishment or school founded and known in this city by the name of the "American College for Boys and Girls; " nor can he give aid or help in any like educational institutions. 4th. The workmen, youth or adults, who go or encourage others to attend the night school, which has been opened in the Ameri-can College for Boys, incur the same grave sin, and are under the same penalties. Ł 5th. It is highly unlawful for all Catholics to cooperate or assist in any Protestant cere- 