56 TIRE A.MERICA.N SENTINEL. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 13, 1890. NoTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Secretary 'of the Philadelphia Sun-day-law Association, Rev. T. A. Fernley, reports that there are in that city " 283 Personal Liberty Leagues, representing 35,000 men, who will next autumn show their hand in politics " in opposition to Sunday laws. Can the Church carry on a political contest with such an element as that and keep herself pure ? Merely to eontemplate such a prospect ought to convince the Church instantly and once for all that such is not the field where she is to put forth her efforts. WE have full verbatim reports of all the speeches made in the Washington City Sunday Law Convention. As soon as we can get them turned from short-hand into type-written copy, we hope to print them with comments, in the SENTI-NEL if possible. The speeches are so thoroughly representative of the move-ment we want all our readers to have them. They may, however, prove to be too long to print in the SENTINEL with the necessary comments. If that should be the case we hope to be able to issue them as a number of the Sentinel Library. ONE of the chiefest sophistries of the Sunday-law advocates is couched in the would-be innocent inquiry, "If Congress has the right to say that eight hours shall be a day's work, why has it not the right also to say that six days shall be a week's work?" To this there are several answers : 1. In making eight hours a day's work, Congress does not attempt to define what particular hours shall compose the day, as it is asked to do in the enactment of a Sunday law. 2. Congress does not declare that if anybody works more than eight hours for a day he shall be fined one hundred or a thousand dollars, as it is asked to do in the enactment of a Sunday law. 3. These men have never asked, nor has it ever been proposed by anybody, that Congress shall say that six days shall be a week's work. Let Congress, in order to make eight hours a day's work, undertake to enact a law declaring that no person or corpora-tion shall perform, or authorize to be per-formed, any secular work, labor, or busi-ness, except works of necessity or mercy; nor shall any person engage in any play,  game, or amusement or recreation; nor shall any mails or mail matter be handled or transported in time of peace ; nor shall there be any military or naval drills, plas-ters or parades, except assemblies for the due and orderly observance of religious worship; before eight o'clock A. M. ; be-tween twelve o'clock M. and one o'clock P. M. ; or after five o'clock P. M. ; of any dayŠlet Congress attempt to enact such a law as that, and we think the people could readily see the difference whether the preachers would or not. IT will be of interest to those who have supposed from the representations of Mr. Crafts and his co-workers that the working men were everywhere clamoring for a national Sunday law to know that instead of shouting themselves hoarse for the Blair Sunday bill, the Trades Union of Syracuse, New York, at a meeting held in that city, on the 28th ult., adopted resolu-tions against that measure. Ł We derive our information from the Syracuse Evening Herald, of January 29, which also states that the City Hall had been named as the place for a mass meet-ing in opposition to Sunday and other religious legislation, but it has been de-cided that a larger auditorium must be procured. The American Sabbath Union should at once send some one to Syracuse to look after their fences and instruct the laboring men more perfectly in the way of National Reform. They are evidently laboring under the impression that they can rest when tired without a law of Con-gress to tell them when to rest and how they shall rest. AT Ottowa, Canada, a great stir has been created among the ones who want to be religious for others as well as them-selves, because of the playing of the game of " hockey " within the grounds of the Governor-General. This is a game of ball, played with a club having a curved end. One of the prominent ones of the opposition put their case in the following statement : Š As a member of the Christian religion in this city, I must enter my protest against the practice lately introduced of hockey at Rideau Hall on Sunday. The fact that young men are asked seems so like a command that it requires some fortitude to refuse, and when clergymen's sons and bald-headed old men are both seen there desecrating the Lord's day the public ought to take steps towards discountenancing such proceedings. The other side, by one of the Governor- General's staff, state their side of the case thus:Š I do not understand why the people of Canada should interfere in what is purely a private matter. If Lord Stanley sees no harm in hockey playing on Sunday I cannot see that Canadians have any right to say what day shall be set apart for recreation at the. Government House. His Excellency has English precedent that the people at home do not regard a game' of hockey on Sunday as so very criminal. We should say to the opposition there,  if it requires more fortitude than your young men have to refuse to play ball on Sunday the best thing you can do is to cultivate in them sufficient fortitude to en-able them to refuse. THE delegates to the World's Sunday School Convention, held in London last summer, addressed a communication to all the crowned heads of Europe, in which they " earnestly petitioned their majesties, by the use of their personal influence and constitutional power, to `secure for the,  day of weekly rest the place given it in that decalogue which all Christian lands recognize, and for the good of the people, and for the glory of God, promote its recognition as a delight, holy unto the Lord.' " The Czar of Russia has his, con-stitutional machinery in quite good work-ing order for complying with the petition. But how will it work with the Sultan of Turkey ? Is he considered a crowned head or did they leave him out? JANUARY 27, the directors of the Young Men's Christian Association of Milwaukee, Wis., gave formal notice.to the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, of that place, that the Union could no longer have 'the use of the Association building. The reason is that " having allied themselves with the Prohibition party," the women must be treated as other political organi-zations are and therefore must be excluded from occupying the rooms of the Associa-tion. We think that a very proper action on the part of the Young Men's Christian Association. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union has ceased to be any-thing but a political club; and its work anything less than a continuous political campaign. We hope that by some means the Union may be enabled to discover this, and turn once more to its proper, legitimate, and chartered objectŠthe pro-motion of Christain temperance, and that by Christian methods. The management of the Young Men's Christian Association, which through all the ups and downs of the day has kept it straight on its Chris-tian course clear of all entanglements, is worthy of the highest admiration on the part of everybody, as it has it on the part of the AMERICAN SENTINAL. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO. The defense of American Institutions, the preserva tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY, PER YEAR, POST-PAID, . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . . . To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, Is. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YoRE. 