—Equal and exact Justice to all Men, or Whatever state or 'Persuasion, Feligious or 'Political.ﬂ VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 21, 1893. NUMBER 50. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, WILLIAM H. MC KEE. JESUS CHRIST was persecuted because he did not keep the Sabbath to suit the Pharisees, the scribes, and the priests, in his days on earth. CuRisT was not only persecuted, but he was rejected, and a robber and murderer was chosen in his stead, and he was cru-cified, because he would not keep the Sab-bath to suit the Pharisees, the scribes, and the priests. ALTHOUGH Lord of the Sabbath, him-self, yet he was denounced as a Sabbath-breaker, was spied upon, was persecuted, was rejected, and a robber and murderer chosen in his stead, and was crucified, because he would not conform to the narrow, bigoted ideas of the Sabbath held by the Pharisees, scribes, and doctors of the law. ALL this is worthy of peculiar attention in every way, just now when the Phari-sees, the scribes, the chief priests, the hypocrites, and the doctors of the law, are making such a great stir over the Sabbath question, and are spying upon, and persecuting, and imprisoning, people for " Sabbath-breaking," who are actually 'Sabbath-keeping, according to the plainest word of the Son, and according to the whole life's example of Jesus Christ himself. Ł THE first year and a half of the Saviour's ministry did not arouse much antagonistic attention from the church leaders and authorities. During this time their at-tention was that of curiosity to know what his work was to amount to. As he had not come in the worldly pomp and kingly power which their selfish designs had pictured, and as he did not show any signs of developing into it, they counted him as nothing, and expected to see his influence fade away and come to naught. BUT, although Jesus indulged in no  empty show, and made no attempt to draw attention to himself, and always spoke in the quietest, simplest way, there was a power that attended his words which held the minds and hearts of the people, and which they readily contrasted with the words of the scribes; for "his word was with power," and " he taught as one having authority and not as the scribes." And, instead of the Pharisees and other church leaders seeing his influ-ence and work fade away, they saw it steadily increase and grow so that it even began to threaten their own influence with the people. Then they began their open criticism. IT was at the end of the first eighteen months of his public ministry, when the 'man who was sick of the palsy, was let down through the tiling and was forgiven his sins and instantly restored by Christ's word, and was bidden to take up his bed and walk. " There were Pharisees and doctors of the law sitting by, which were come out of every town of Galilee, and Judea and Jerusalem," and they mur-mured against him as speaking blasphe-mies. Matt. 9:1-7; Mark 2:1-12; and Luke 5 : 17-26. Very shortly after this, however, at Jerusalem, he restored the man at the pool of Bethesda, who had been impotent thirty-eight years, and bade him also to take up his bed and walk. But it was the Sabbath day when this was done, and "the Jews therefore said unto him that was cured: It is the Sabbath day : it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed. He answered them, He that made me whole, the same said unto me, Take up thy bed and walk." They asked who this was, and the man could not tell. Afterward, however, the man met Jesus in the temple and recognized him, and went and told the inquirers that it was Jesus who had made him whole, and therefore the one who had told him to carry his bed, and both on the Sabbath day. "And therefore did the Jews perse-cute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the Sabbath day. But Jesus answered them, My `Father worketh hitherto and I work. Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he not only had, broken the Sabbath. but said also that God was his  Father, making himself equal with God." John 5:1-18. Now Jesus is Lord of the Sabbath. He made it. He is the one *hose power it commemorates. He is the one whom it brings to the mind of the faithful observer. It was literally impossible for Jesus to break the Sabbath; the Sabbath being the sign of what he is, and that men may know that he is what he is. Whatsoever he did therefore on the Sabbath was in itself Sabbath-keeping, and could not possibly be anything else. His Sabbath-keeping was precisely and in its fullness God's idea of Sabbath-keeping, and was in itself perfect righteousness. The Pharisees condemned it as utterly wrong because it did not comport with their ideas of the Sabbath, and demanded that the Lord should give up his own and adopt their ideas of the Sabbath. The contest, therefore, in that day was, whether the Lord's or man's idea of the Sabbath should prevail. To reject the Lord's idea of the Sabbath was to reject the Sabbath itself, and this was to reject the Lord himself. And when they clung to their own views against his, this was to put themselves above him, and to substi-tute themselves for him; and this was to put themselves above God. SooN after the healing of the man at the pool, Jesus, his disciples, and some Pharisees, were going through a field of wheat on the Sabbath day, and the disci-ples pulled off some of the heads of wheat, rubbed out the wheat in their hands and ate it, for they were hungry. Then the Pharisees said at once to him, " Why do thy disciples that which is not lawful to do on the Sabbath day ? " Jesus answered, " The Son of man is Lord of the Sabbath day." "If ye had known what this mean-eth, I will have mercy and not sacrifice, ye would not have condemned the guilt-less." " Wherefore it is lawful to do well on the Sabbath days." THEN, if not on the same day, the next Sabbath Jesus went into the synagogue and taught, and there was a man there who had a withered hand. And the Pharisees narrowly watched Jesus to see whether he would heal this man on the Sabbath that they might accuse him. 