AMERICAN SENTINEL. 419 A Little Piece of Ancient History Which Is Also Modern. IN considering the new and "imperial" career that is being opened before the United States, and sanctioned by so many in high positions, we have remarked that there was one republic that had passed over this ground once before in the history of the world. That republic was Rome. It is interesting to read the statements made to-day concerning this "colonial policy" and "colonial career" that is opening up before "imperial America," and compare it with what has long been written of the course of Rome as she passed over the same ground. It is now claimed on behalf of the new, "Imperial America," that she must accept this great responsibility that has fallen upon her of extending the blessings of liberty to the world. And that she must discharge this sacred office by beginning to deliver from the oppressive rule of Spain, the people of the Phillipines, San Juan, Cuba, perhaps the Carolines and so on to the other oppressed peoples of the world. It is said that America will thus extend the blessing of liberty, just because of the blessing of liberty, she will bestow freedom, entirely from love of human freedom as far as possible to all the world. All this is precisely what Rome proposed to do. Rome claimed that she never wished to make any con-quests of any people, nor to control any territory, outside of her own boundaries of Italy. All that she ever did outside of Italy was altogether out of pure benevolence and solely to extend to oppressed peoples the blessings of liberty, of which the Romans were the exemplars before the world, and in behalf of the world, and which they so sincerely loved that they couldn't be content at all so long as any other people were not en-joying this wonderful liberty. Therefore they would man fleets and raise armies, send them over seas at great sac-rifice and immense expense to fight battles for strange peoples, only that those peoples might have the blessing of liberty of which Rome was the world's conservator. One example will illustrate this whole subject. The Romans had sent an army into Macedonia to fight against Philip the Second in behalf of the States of Greece and to save them from being oppressed by Philip. The Roman army was successful, Philip was thoroughly conquered and a treaty of peace was concluded, but "all Greece was in uncertainty" as to what should be their fate, now that the Roman power was predominant in both Greece and Macedonia. It was the time when the Isthmian games were celebrated in which all Greece participated and where vast crowds were assembled to witness the contests, then "the multitudebeing assembled in the stadium to see the games, a herald came forward and published with a loud voice" the following proclama-tion:Š "The senate and people of Rome, and Titus Quintius, their general, having overcome Philip and the Macedonians, ease and deliver from all garrisons, taxes and imposts, the Corinthians, the Locrians, the Phocians, the Euboeans, the  Phthiot Achaeans, the Magnesians, the Thesslians, and the Perrhoebians; declare them free, and ordain that they shall be governed by their respective laws and usages." "At these words, which many heard but imperfectly,, because of the noise that interrupted them, all the spec-tators were filled with excess of joy. They gazed upon and questioned one another with astonishment, and could not believe either their eyes or ears; so like a dream was what they then saw and heard. It was thought necessary for the herald to repeat the proclamation which was now listened to with the most profound silence, so that not a single word of the decree was lost. But now, fully assured of their happiness, they abandoned them-selves again to the highest transport of joy and broke into such loud and repeated acclamations that the sea resounded them to a great distance; and some ravens which happened to fly at that instant over the assembly fell down in the stadium; so true it is, that of all the blessings of this life, none are so dear to mankind as. liberty! The games and sports were hurried over with neglect and disregard; for so great was the general joy upon this occasion that it extinguished every other thought. "The games being ended, all the people ran in crowds. to the Roman general. and every one being eager to see his deliverer, to salute him, to kiss his hand, and to throw crowns and festoons of flowers over him, he would have run the hazard of being pressed to death by the crowd had not the vigor of his years, for he was not above thirty-three years old, and the joy which so glori_ ous a day gave him, sustained and enabled him to under.. go the fatigue. "The remembrance of so delightful a day and of the invaluable blessing then bestowed was forever renewing and for a long time the only subject of conversation in all times and in all places. Every'one cried in the highest transports of admiration and a kind of enthusiasm' that there was a people in the world, who at their own expense and the hazard of their lives, engage in a war for the liberty of other nations; and that not for their neigh-bors. or people situated on the same continent, but who crossed.seas, and sailed to distant climes, to destroy and extirpate unjust power from the earth, and to establish universally, law, equity, and justice. That by a single word, and the voice of a herald, liberty had been restored to all the cities of Greece and Asia. That a great so ul only could have formed such a design; but to execute it was the effect at once of the highest good fortune and the most consummate virtue. "They called to mind all the great battles which Greece had fought for the sake of liberty. 'After sustain-ing so many wars,' said they, 'never was its valor crowned with so blessed a reward as when strangers came and took up arms in its defense. It was then, that almost without shedding a drop of blood, or losing one man, it acquired the greatest and noblest of all prizes for which mankind can contend. Valor and prudence are rare at all times, but of all virtues justice is most rare. Agesilaus, Lysan-der, Nicias and Alcibides had great abilities for carrying on war, and gained battles both by sea and land; but it was for themselves and for their country, not for strang-ers and foreigners, they fought. That height of glory-was reserved for the Romans.'" Honest old Rollin's "reflections" upon this, are im-portantito-day, as the United States seems about to start 