THE AN/Tr:RICAN SENTINnT, 147 ligious individuals and sects outside of the Cath-olic Church, when clothed with secular power. All students of history, as well as many merely casual readers, are familiar with the tyrannical and intolerant sway of the Covenanters and Pres-byterians in Great Britain, in the sixteenth and sev-enteenth centuries. It may not be generally un-derstood, but it is a fact, that the Reformed Pres-byterians in the United States boast of being the only conservators of the principles of the Scottish Covenanters. Of course they are Protestants, as their religious progenitors, of whom John Knox was a leader, taught that it was right to disfran-chise Catholics, and even to put them to death. This church is leader in the movement to se- cure a religious amendment to the Constitution of the United States, enforcing by law what it deems the principles of the Christian religion. And representative men, including Conferences, Presbyteries, and other general bodies of the lead-ing denominations, have joined hands with them in the work. Now no man, or set of men, ever earnestly solicit a law which they do not expect to have enforced,Šand enforced at all hazards. And it is impossible that they should contend for a law against a strong element of opposition for a quar-ter of a century without some idea of what would be necessary in order to enforce it. Therefore, persistence in the effort means, in case of success, persistence on the part of the Government in the execution, at whatever cost. In support of this position, I quote the following sentiment from one of the most active leaders in the movement here alluded to. He says "Whether the Constitution will be set right on the question of the moral supremacy of God's law in the Government without a bloody revolution, will depend entirely upon the strength and resistance of the forces or antichrist." This National Reform Association, which is a wheel within the Reformed Presbyterian wheel, is well aware, from its experience of twenty-five years in the direct advocacy of its pet scheme, that there will be strong opposition to the meas- ure, Knowing this, they deliberately plan to meet it; and expecting, through any and every means, to eventually succeed in becoming a ma-jority in the land, they openly avow their inten-tions. The president of this society's Prayer League says to opponents :Š " You look for trouble in this land in the future, if these principles are applied. I think it will come to you if you maintain your present. position. . . . If, through prejudice or the enmity of unregenerate hearts, you have determined to oppose the progress of this Nation in fulfilling its vocation as an instru-ment in the divine work of regenerating human soci-ety, you may rightly expect trouble. It will be sure to come to you." Another apostle of National Reform, as advo-cated by this religio-political association, says:Š "There ought to be a mighty army ready to pour out treasure and blood, if need be, to vindicate the authority of Christ. The Bible should be adopted as a standard to decide questions of political life, to de-cide between right and wrong. The idea of a divine law and a divine Christ should be forced into politics." And still another declaration of intention in-dorsed by that body is thus expressed:Š " Those who oppose this work.  now will discover, when the religious amendment is made to the Consti-tution, that if they do not see fit to fall in with the majority, they must abide the consequences, or seek some more congenial clime." According to the express acknowledgment, yea, the boast, of those who are endeavoring to have their faith incorporated in the fundamental law of the land, when .they shall have attained  their end they will use the utmost power of the GovernmentŠif need be, "a mighty army ready to pour out treasure and blood "Šin order to compel all to accept their peculiar religious faith. And this is so-called Protestantism. Now we have it plainly set before us, that opening the way for religious legislation in our free country means radical persecution for all dissenters from the established faith. And this notwithstanding the fact that Protestants are the instigators of the scheme, and expect to be the executors of the law. Let no one be deluded by the seductive idea that this is a Protestant move and can bode no danger. Beware of the religious clan that seeks political power. Human nature is the same in all ages, and in all religious sects. W. N. GLENN. A True National Reform Government. IN the Century of April, 1888, Mr. George Kennan had an article on "Russian Penal Code," from which in the August SENTINEL we copied what it had to say on the subject of religion. In that it was shown clearly that the Russian Gov-ernment, with all its tyranny and intolerance, is the very kind of government that the National Reformers are working for. In the April Cent-ury, this present year, Mr. Kennan gives us a view of the workings of the Russian police depart-ment, in which is shown very clearly the work-ing of National Reform principles. The follow-ing extract from the article will enable the reader to judge for himself:Š "The police, with the Minister of the Interior at their head, control, by means of passports, the movements of all the inhabitants of the empire; they keep thousands of suspects constantly under surveillance; they ascertain and certify to the courts the liabilities of bankrupts; they conduct pawnbrokers' sales of unredeemed pledges; they give certificates of identity to pensioners and all other persons who need them; they superintend repairs of roads and bridges; they exercise super-vision over all theatrical performances, concerts, tableaux, theater programs, posters, and street advertisements; they collect statistics, enforce san-itary regulations, make searales and seizures in private houses, read the correspondence of sus-pects, take charge of the bodies of persons found dead, ' admonish' church-members who neglect too long to partake of the Holy Communion, and enforce obedience to thousands of multifarious or-ders and regulations intended to promote the wel-fare of the people or to insure the safety of the State. The legislation relating to the police fills more than five thousand sections in the Svod Zakonof, or collection of Russian laws, and it is hardly an exaggeration to say that in the peasant villages, away from the centers of education and enlightenment, the police are the omnipresent and omnipotent regulators of all human. conductŠa sort of incompetent bureaucratic substitute for di-vine Providence. " In order to give the readers of the Century an idea of the nature and infinite variety of the trans-actions regulated in Russia by the Government through the police, I will quote, almost at ran-dom, the titles or subjects of a few of the circular letters of instructions sent by the Minister of the Interior to the governors of various Russian prov-inces between 1880 and 1884. They are as follows :Š " 1. To regulate religious instruction in secular schools. " 2. Concerning measures to be taken to prevent horse stealing. " 3. .Concerning a list of dramas that are uncondi-tionally permitted to be put on the stage. "4. To prohibit the sale of Shimanski's Pills. " 5. To prohibit peasants from cutting young birch trees with which to decorate churches and houses on holidays. "6. Prescribing the manner in which the censor shall supervise the reports and accounts of private societies. " 7. Concerning a removal of the restrictions upon the transportation of rendered tallow. " 8. Concerning personal identification marks in the passports of Jews. " 9'. To regulate the use of mineral waters by sick or wounded officers of the army. " 10. Concerning an order for the sale of all grain_ by weight instead of by measure. " 11. Setting forth the circumstances under which, and the times at which, the police and other employes of the Ministry of the Interior can wear white linen covers on their caps. " 12. Concerning the question who has the right to collect subscriptions in the empire for the holy places in Palestine. " 13. To abolish the long chains used for the purpose of chaining together marching criminals in gangs of six. " 14. To regulate printing on the paper of cigarettes, " 15. Concerning the prohibition, at meetings of pro-vincial assemblies and town councils, of the expres-sions of such opinions or judgments as may, from their nature, lie outside the limits of the jurisdiction of such bodies. " 16. Concerning an order prohibiting the emigra-tion of dissenters to the Trans-Caucasus. " 17. Concerning regulations for the proper con-struction of houses in peasant villages. " 18. To control and regulate the transportation of animal bones. " 19. To regulate advertisements of medicines. " 20. Forbidding the use of all school-books and ap-pliances of instruction not approved by the Minister.  of the Interior and the ecclesiastical authorities. " 21. Concerning the proper method of measuring the legs of recruits for the army. " 22. Concerning meetings of school-teachers.- " 23. Prescribing the manner in which permission shall be obtained for concerts, readings, theatrical per-formances, and other public entertainments. "24. To require printers to send to the Department of Police copies of all newspapers, magazines, and al-manacs printed by them. " 25. To prevent the sale of quinine that is not of good quality. " 26. To regulate the censorship of price-lists, printed notes of invitation, and visiting cards. " 27. Concerning the construction of water-closets according to the removal or barrel system. "28. Providing for the censorship of the seals, rub-ber stamps,-  and cards of private individuals and busi-ness corporations. "29. To regulate begging for ecclesiastical institu-tions and for the holy places in Palestine. " 30. To regulate the sale by apothecaries of certain cosmetics'Šnamely, soap, starch, brilliantine, toot h-brushes, and insect powder. "These are only a few of the countless thousands of orders, directions, and regulations that come within the jurisdiction of the imperial police. Of course they are not all carried into effect. The enforcement of such a multitude of prohi-bitions and restrictions, affecting every province of human life, is beyond the power of any one man or any set of men ; but whether they are enforced or not, they operate constantly as a bar to individ-ual enterprise, a network to restrain every free ha- pulse, and a clog upon all human activity. "It is difficult for Americans to realize that such relations can exist between the people of a coun-try and the Government as those shown by these circulars to exist in Russia. Imagine a governor of New York State issuing an order requiring all the citizens of that State to send in their seals, rubber stamps, and visiting cards for censorial supervision. Or imagine a Postmaster-General writing a circular letter to the governori of all the States prescribing rules for the regulation of the sale of soap, starch, brilliantine, tooth-brushes. 