204 A 1MCI _brit CAN SIFIINT971W11=41IL. VoL. 9, No. 26. and unthinkingly admit. The Christian organization of a State would be its perfection, the anarchist philosophy would be destruction. Government is not transient nor a necessary evil, but eternal in the heart of God. As progress ascends life will form itself in more and more perfect and more universal organizations and tend less and less to institutions. And the Christian State can have no other ideal of organization than Christ. God created and sent this American nation, to be an example and a witness of the power and wisdom of Christ unto the political salvation of the world. He appointed and anointed this nation to seek and fulfill the righteousness of his kingdom. We have failed. We have betrayed our trust and forsaken our mission. We are a fallen .nation, an apostate people. Except this nation be born again and waken to a mighty national consciousness of God it cannot be delivered from that blind fatalism which is the optimism of apostates and hypocrites, nor will it see the salvation and glory of the Christian State. Only those who are able to bear the reproach of Christ and be disgraced before the politics and religion of this day can arouse and organize the Christian conscience of the nation and prepare the way of the Christian State that shall fulfill the kingdom of God. Are we ready to be offered ? The picture of the present political and economic condition of our country is not overdrawn : it is none too dark. "Judg-ment is turned away backward and justice standeth afar off : for truth is fallen in the street, and equity cannot enter. Yea, truth faileth; and he that departeth from evil maketh himself a prey." It is also true that in Jesus Christ alone is there help. But Christ does not reform men in the mass. Christianity is an in-dividual matter, and for this reason it is vain to talk of the State becoming Chris-tian. It is vain to talk of the State being born again. That can be true only of the individual. It is the work of the Spirit of God. For the reasons just given the mind of Christ can never find expression through political parties, nor through the State. It is only as "Christ is formed within," only as he reigns in the heart, that any man can either have or express the mind of Christ. But Christ dwells, not in po-litical parties, not in the State, but in the individual. " Behold I stand at the door and knock : if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him." And again: " He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; and he that be-lieveth not shall be damned." Christian-ity is altogether a personal matter. From what has been said, it follows that it is foolishness to talk of Jesus as the real American King. Christ is not yet King of this world, and he is certainly not King of any one country. Satan is, by our Lord himself, three times called the prince of this world (John 12: 31 ; 14: 30; 16 : 11). Satan's, it is true, is a usurped do-minion, which will erelong be wrested from him and restored to man through Christ, but not by political action. The Father himself has promised this and will per-form it in his own good time and way. God the Father, addressing the Son, says : " Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy pos-session. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron ; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." It is not until the judgment sits and the books are opened (Dan. 7:10), that the dominion and glory, and kingdom are given to the Son of man (Verse 14); and then follows in due course the destruction of all rival powers to make place for the everlasting, immortal kingdom of Christ, whose " dominion is an everlasting do-minion, which shall not pass away, and his kingdom that shall not be destroyed."  " And the kingdom shall not be left to other people" (Dan. 2:44), for its subjects will all be immortal. Says our Lord of that kingdom : " They which are accounted worthy to obtain that world, and the res-urrection from the dead, neither marry nor are given in marriage; neither can they die any more; for they are equal unto the angels." Luke 20:35, 36. There are too many in this day, who, like the Jews of old, would by force take Jesus and make him king for their own aggrandizement; but from such he still withdraws himself, for he dwelleth with him that is of a contrite heart, and that trembles at his word. The Protestant Apostasy. THE more the student reads of the first three centuries of Church history, the more does he realize how just is the charge against the Roman Church of a great apostasy. It was because the Church followed the line of the least resistance, that in many instances she seemed to gain. some of her greatest victories, and it was because the line of the least resistance was often the line of compromise and am-bition, that her seeming victories proved in the end disastrous defeats. The ambition of Christian leaders founded the Church upon the hope of a political supremacy, and the Roman Em-pire was too tempting a heritage to be refused, when at last in its weakness it became ready to surrender to Christian leaders. The frightful catastrophe was that, when thus tempted, political su-premacy usurped the place of Christian principle. This was the temptation that faced our Lord in the wilderness. It is not supposable for a moment that he was tempted to accept the kingdoms of the world simply for their own sake, but as a means to an end, that they might be made subject to divine authority. His victory was the refusal of political power as the method of his conflict, and accepting the cross as the only way for the establish-ment of his Father's kingdom. The Reformation was a returning to Christ. First and foremost, it was a moral movement. The scoffs and jeers of the literary world, -the contempt and ridicule of poet and playright, were all unheeded by the papacy at Rome. It could afford, not only to bear the jest and jibe, but even to take part in the laughter and applaud the wit. But when a few loyal men, under the inspiration of a new moral purpose, lifted up the Christ of history and unchained the pages of the New Testament, then it was that the Ro-man hierarchy bestirred itself to put down what it rightly realized could only end in its ruin. That return to Christ was the significant event of European history. But now we behold a Protestant anarchy that is calling forth the jibe and jeer, the scoff and jest, the contempt of the novel-ist, and the silent indifference of the great, un-Christlike world. Protestantism in its power can afford to talk mildly of confed-eration and comity, but it is guilty of an apostasy scarcely less significant than the political apostasy of the first four centu-ries. . . . American Protestantism boasts of its increasing numbers, its enormous wealth, and its so-called benevolence. Never was there a time in Jewish history when out-wardly Judaism seemed either more pros-perous or more self-confident than at the  time of Christ. Judaism was respected by Rome, and had immense power with Caesar. She was wealthy, beyond all the dreams of the poor little band of pilgrim& that left Babylon four hundred years be-fore. She could boast of hundreds of synagogues scattered all over the Roman world, and even half foreign potentates were proud to build temples to the honor of Judaism, to claim some touch of Jewish blood, and to acknowledge Jehovah a& their God. But Judaism was thriving;  upon the house of the widow torn front her under the forms of law. The syna-gogues fattened upon the money that was. wrung from the oppressed nations, and the hierarchy was securely intrenched iii its self-righteousness and respectability;. neglecting the people who knew not the,  law and were accursed, and calling vainly upon Jehovah, even while his avenging: sword hung over the temple. Before' Jerusalem there were two alternatives, to> accept Christ with all that it meant of struggle with triumphant prosperity, or to crucify the Christ and fall into the hands of the living God. Jerusalem crucified the Christ; the page of history tells the rest. Before both Roman and Protestant communions in these United States there is standing the crucified Saviour with the same question on his lips to-day as of old, " What think ye of me ?" Before us is the alternative of a death grapple with the powers of unrighteousness, that have usurped the places in our churches and governed in our councils, or to fall into the hands of the living God, to have church history write once more the story of apostasy and its penalty.ŠThomas C. Hall, in the Evangelist. History Repeats Itself. THERE is a striking similarity between the conditions that exist in this country to-day, and those which existed in France prior to and at the opening of the Revolu-tion of a hundred years ago. Below are a few of these comparisons:Š LOOK ON THIS. 1. At the death of Louis XV., in 1774, the lower orders of the French peo-ple had been brought to a state of extreme indigence and suffering, by the lux-uries of a dissolute and despotic court, during a long period of misrule.ŠWilson's Outlines of His-tory. The rich had found no rebuke for their oppres-sion of the poor, the poor no help for their servitude and degradation. The sel-fishness of the wealthy and powerful grew more and more apparent and oppressive. For centuries the greed and profligacy of the noble resulted in grinding extortion toward the peasant. The rich wronged the poor, and the poor hated the rich. In many provinces the estates were held by the nobles, and the laboring classes were only tenants; they were at the mercy of their landlords, and were forced to submit to their exor-bitant demands. . . . " The pleasure of the no-bles was considered the su-preme law; the farmers and the peasants might starve, for aught their oppressors cared. . , THEN ON THIS. 1. The following head lines are taken from a paper of recent date : " Helpless Women Starve to Death on the Streets of Chicago, While Our Plutocrats Roll in Wealth never Dreamed of by Oriental Princes." This paper then goes on to give accounts which show that the lower orders of the people in this coun-try have "been brought to a state of extreme indi-gence and suffering." The Secretary of State, of Kansas, as reported in the Chicago Herald of July 28, 1893, says : " Every thinking man knows there is a great conspiracy between the corporations which extend from the At-lantic to the Pacific, and from the Great Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico, for the purpose of grinding down the laboring masses. The laboring man has no rights which they respect. They control the courts and the legislative halls, and every law on the stat-ute books in this broad land of ours is in the in-terest of the man with money and against the poor laborer. The bur- dens with which the people are oppressed are becomes 