20 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. requires all of them to make up the Christian church, and the representative of Christianity in the earth, when they all unite, as they are doing, and all work to the one point of secur-ing this religious amendment to the Constitu-tion, and under it enforcing their united views, what is that but church and State? But as they insist that their movement does not tend "in the least degree to a union of church and State," it may be well to lay be-fore our readers the National Reform idea of what is union of church and State. In the Pittsburg convention, in 1874, Professor Blanch-ard gave their definition of a union of church and State. It is as follows:Š " But union of church and State is the selec-tion by the nation of one church, the endow-ment of such a church, the appointment of its officers, and oversight of its doctrines. For such a union none of us plead. To such a union we are all of us opposed." Let us accept this definition, and see what it proves. Here it is plainly declared that "the selection by the nation of one church" as the recipient of its favor is the union of church and State. In the quotations that precede this it is just as plainly declared that the different denominations are one church. Therefore, ac-cording to their own words, when -this nation selects this one church, and by Constitutional amendment espouses her to itself as the espe-cial object of its favor, that will be the union of church and State. But let us examine the point which is doubt-less intended in this last quotation, and see whether they fare any better. In the phrase " the selection by the nation of one church," the meaning is, no doubt, that the selection by the nation, for instance, of the Methodist, or the Baptist, or the Reformed Presbyterian Church, as the object of its favor, would be the union of church and State. But if this would be the union of church and State, how is it that the other would not be? If the selection by the nation of one church is union of church and State, we should like to know how the dif-ficulty is in the least relieved by the selection of a dozen or fifty as one. Will some one of the National Reform advocates point out the distinction and draw the line of demarkation? Once more: In one of the foregoing quota-tions from the Statesman, the Methodists, Pres-byterians, and the Reformed Presbyterians are said to be but " different divisions of Imman-uel's army,"Šthe Methodists, the cavalry; the Presbyterians, the infantry; and the Reformed Presbyterians, the artillery, in " one united phalanx" in the one army. Now in the Dec-laration of Independence our fathers charged that the king of Great Britain had affected "to render the military independent of, and superior to, the civil power." What a great pity it is that George III. did not have for  his advisers some of these National Reform statesman(?)! If he only could have had Ł these, he could have shown to a "candidworld" that this charge of his American colonies was altogether false, and foreign to the subject of their grievances. With the assistance of these profound statesman, he could, have projected into the controversy this magnificent and most conclusive disclaimer: "We re-affirm" that the es- tablishment of our military forces in America, instead of tending in the least degree toward making the military superior to the civil power, will afford the fullest security against such a corrupting establishment, and form the strong-est safeguard of the liberties of all citizens. But what we mean by making Łthe military su-perior to the civil power is the selection by the king of one division of the army, the artillery, for instance, and making that the depository and the expositor of the king's will. For such a superiority no one pleads. To such a superi-ority all of us are opposed. For the king to thus select and favor one division of the army would indeed be to make the military superior to the civil power; but for him to so select the whole army togetherŠcavalry, infantry, and ar-tilleryŠwould not tend " in the least degree" to make the military superior to the civil power. Now these National Reform advocates, as well as all others, know perfectly that for the king of Great Britain to have offered to the Ameri-can colonies such an excuse as that for his mil-itary occupancy here, would have been only to make himself supremely ridiculous in the eyes of all civilized people. Yet when we charge, as we distinctly do, that the National Reform party aims directly at the union of church and State, and affects to make the ecclesiastical su-perior to the civil power in the Government of the United States, that party, apparently in all soberness, offers just such an absurdly ridiculous plea in justification of its course,Ša plea that is worthy only the casuistry of the veriest Jes-uit. However, we do not see how we can ex-pect anything else of that party. Its cause is worthy only of Jesuitism and the Inquisition, and can only be justified by such casuistry as a Jesuit might envy. We shall have something more to say on this subject. A. T. J. The Chinese Question. THE agitation on the Chinese question has of late assumed unusually large proportions on the Pacific Coast. We have not the highest inter-est in some political questions, and therefore have paid little attention to this. True, it is denied that it is a political question; but we have passed through one anti-Chinese excite- ment since we took up our residence in Cali-fornia, when every employer of Chinese labor-ers was " warned " to dismiss them; and then, as now, it was denied that it was a political movement, but was solely in the interest of the workingmen, But we noticed that the .high regard for the workingmen subsided very soon after election! And to justify our suspicions, or to show that we are not alone in thus thinking, we copy the following from the Alta California of February 17:Š " Unfortunately there is an election this year, and candidates offer their full suit of canvass to the popular breeze. By the time one-half of them have failed of nominations, their inter-est in the anti-Chinese movement will have evaporated." The act of boycotting the Chinese and Chi-nese labor does not affect us personally, as the house where this paper is published has never employed Chinamen. This, however, was not because of race prejudices, for we should be ashamed to admit that any existed. But the  managers of the establishment preferred Amer-ican laborers, and they never found any diffi-culty in securing all that were desired. On the question of restricting Chinese immi-gration we think that the people of California have but. one mind. All are in favor of shut-ting off this tide of immigration from Asia. The territory of the United States is large, and we have talked much of offering an asylum to the people of all nations; but we have long thought that this was being overdone. For the welfare of our land and Government, we be-lieve that restrictions or limitations ought to be put on foreign immigration to our shores. China, especially, is very heavily inhabited. She could spare a million of people who would not be desirable citizens here. We would not willingly see the "Chinatown " of San Fran-cisco duplicated in any other city in the United States. We hope it never will be. We do not know by personal inspection as much about it as we have learned from others; but this is only because we would not explore where oth- ers did. More than once we have seen enough to convince us that it is a nuisance. Though some errors may have been com-mitted in executing the present laws, they have really worked well, according to their intention. Where a few hundreds have come in, thousands have gone out never to return. The number now in California, gradually diminishing, can- riot work any serious harm to the State. They have done much toward developing the State's resources, and are still needed in some parts of the country. The Alta from which,we quoted says:---- "Every orchardist knows that unskilled la-bor in his tree-tops will not only pick this year's crop, but at the same time destroy next year's crop also, by destroying the buds from which it must issue. We invite the attention of the East to this fact to prove the complete domina-tion of Chinese labor here. Here is an indus-try with an investment of $50,000,000 which finds itself unwillingly at the mercy of Chinese labor because white labor cannot be had; and to save itself from' ruin, and the State from great financial damage, it is compelled to ask time in which to shift its labor to a white basis." But the decision has gone forth from a self-constituted arbitrary tribunal that time shall not be 'given, but the Chinese must be driven off, whatever the consequences to the interests of the country. And if the white labor is available, there is no excuse for letting the work fall so exclusively into the hands of the Chinese. The Santa Rosa Republican tells the story of many localities in the following words:Š " There is a great deal of complaint among the farmers in and around Windsor because help is so scarce. Work is abundant, but no one is on hand to do it. The country, however, is full of tramps wandering hither and thither, not being able, as they say, to get anything to do. But they are of that class of men who while they are looking are praying that they will not find. At present, and for the next six months to come, there need not be any idle men in the State. Such, though, will be seen everywhere, most of them preferring to wan-der from town to town or lie in jail as vagrants rather than do an honest day's work." This leads us to remark that we regret ex-ceedingly that Governor Morton did not live to make his report to the United States Senate 