AMERICAN SENTINEL. 237 plague really develop seriously, as in Bombay and Poona, the organization must show itself as helpless as it is insufficient. The rate of general mortality now exceeds 50 per 1,000 per annum, the normal being about 37. There is every indication of a very serious development. The outbreak in the Patna district has much increased, but it does not seem to have attracted much public attention. Nearly 1,000 deaths occurred last week. The people refuse to follow the traditional plan of evacuation. Some one appears to have pois-oned their minds just in the same way as some one pois-oned the minds of the people of Calcutta with regard to inoculation. The consequence is that the disease has spread rapidly and is now threatening South Behar. Of Bombay city the record is terrible, no less than 2,701 deaths having occurred during the past week. The number of those dying from plague is greater than has ever been known. The death rate is over 170 per 1,000 per annum. The official returns only give the small number of 641 deaths from plague. Smallpox is still raging, but probably does not account for more than 300 deaths in the week. The plague expenditure in Bombay has been very large. A recent return shows that up to Dec. 31, 1899, the total expenditure was Rs. 4,081,208 (equal roughly to about £270,000). The returns for the whole of India give 2,597 deaths from plague. It would probably not be far wrong to double this estimate. In the Jullunder district of the Punjah more villages are being attacked. The latest weekly plague statement for India, end-ing February 24, shows a marked increase in the num-ber of deaths, and the week closes with 3,184 fatal cases, against 2,597 in the previous week. The increase is due to the further development in Bombay and in the Bengal presidency. In Bombay city the general mortality again surpassed the previous maximum and 2,831 deaths were recorded. Of thienumber 263 were attributed to smallpox, but the official figures only return 768 deaths as due to plague. If the truth were known, probably 2,000 deaths occurred from plague alone. This terrible general mortality very nearly touches a rate of 180 per 1,000 per annum. In Calcutta the outbreak is developing very rapidly and now, after only five weeks' increase, the plague mortality is double what it amounted to during the worst week of last year. PURE ALL WHEAT GRAHAM FLOUR, ground under our personal supervision, fresh to our order. We will just now fill orders at $4.00 per bbl. Grape Juice, pure, unfermented, 3 qts. for $1.00; 5 ptsŁ for $1.10. Send for new lists. Remit by money orders. NEW YORK FOOD CO., OXFORD, N. Y. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co.. not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper mooL y or coin is sent, register the letter. ANT   1-4:RICA1".T S  Ha\TIIIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. " Six months .50. Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. How to find it When it's lost How to keep it When it's found. This new book is attracting favorable attention wherever circulated, on account of its practical health hints and its numerous statistical tables in which are set forth the scientific principles upon which the book is based. But do not get an idea that the book is full of technical terms which the ordinary reader will not understand, for such is not the case. It is written in the interesting,entertaining style peculiar to thewriter who is a lecturer of wide experience. The following are the chapter titles:Š The Lost Treasure Man's Present Condition Errors in Diet The Enemies of Man The Digestive Agents Timely Suggestions What to Eat and Why To Whom Do We Belong? Useful Information Home Remedies for Common Diseases Seasonable Recipes. This book contains 222 pages, is well printed on good book paper, bound in neat green cloth, and will be sent postpaid for $1.00 Address any of our Agencies, or Address Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond St., New York City. KANSAS CITY, Mo. OAKLAND, CALIF. 