AMERICAN SENTINEL. 515 following tire "science" of such teachers, that is without God, that leads away from God and from faith in his word, his wisdom and his power. A good illustration of this is found in the fact that Harper's "Haydn's Dictionary of Dates," the standard work on the dates of important events, says that the sun dial was invented by Anaximander, who lived about 530 B. C., when there stands in the Bible that is in every-body's house the plain circumstantial mention of "the sun dial of Ahaz " which shows that the sundial was in use in Jerusalem two hundred years before Anaximander ever breathed. Thus it is expected that the people shall ()lye to Anaximander credit for the invention of a thin°.  give to the Bible shows was in daily use two hundred years before he lived. If that was indeed a thing so new in Greece that Anaximander could claim it as an original invention, then the belated science of the Greeks may sin-cerely be deplored. But as for us we must be pardoned for not believing that Anaximander was the original in-ventor of a thing that we know was in use two hun-dred years before he was born. There are in the Bible more interesting facts and truths than many people think. Oh that those who profess to believe the Lord would believe him indeed ! Oh that they would believe that he is what he is! Oh that with a whole heart they would choose him, for all that he is to the children of men, that they might find him to be the great, wise, and blessed teacher that he is to all who will choose him for their teacher in all things. "Behold, God exalteth by his power : who teacheth like him? " Human Law Cannot Deal with Sin. GOD'S law fixes the penalty for Sabbath desecration, and what right has any man or any government to change that penalty? "Sin is the transgression of the law"; and "the soul that sinneth, it shall die." Thus says the Word of God, and that Word is truth, and must stand. Nothing short of the death penalty for Sabbath desecration, therefore, can be just. No other penalty than this was inflicted for it, when God inflicted the pen-alty upon the transgressor. If the Government therefore is to deal with Sabbath desecration, it cannot properly prescribe anything else than the death penalty for every instance of transgression. The Lord, however, makes a further provision for the transgressor. He provides that the sinner who repents and exercises faith in Jesus Christ, shall be pardoned. Can the State also make this provision? Can it say to the transgressor, Repent, and you shall be pardoned? That is a just provision, certainly, for it is made by the Lord himself. But the law of the State can contain no such provision, for it would amount to a total nullifica-tion of the law itself. It is plain, therefore, that human law cannot under-take to enforce the law of God, or to deal with anything  as a transgression against God. It cannot enforce mor-ality or punish immorality. It can, properly, undertake only to restrain men from the commission of such deeds as interfere with people in the exercise of their natural right to "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." Upon this ground the law prohibits stealing and murder, and not because these acts transgress the law of God or are of immoral character. The proper aim of human law is to provide allpersons the opportunity, so far as human power can secure it, of enjoying the life which the Creator has given them, and the opportunities this life affords for the pursuit and realization of happiness, without molest-ation from their fellow-beings. But this does not afford the law any just ground for undertaking to prohibit the desecration of the Sabbath, A Plausible Project. THE ministers of San Francisco, Oakland, and Ala-meda, Cal., have formed an alliance for the purpose of supplying the citizens with instruction and guidance in practical politics, so that the conscientious voter may know how his vote should be cast to advance the cause,  of righteousness. This scheme has a very plausible look upon its face. Who should know how to vote righteously better than the clergy? Who are more interested in pro-moting the cause of righteousness in the earth than those of high station in the churches? So plausible is this that it was long ago thought of and put into effect in nearly every country of the civilized world. That is to say, the management of political affairs was put into the hands of the very good men who stood at the head of affairs in the church. And the result was that the civil govern-ments became no better, but a great deal worse. "Oh, but it is going to be different this time. It is true that the church people never managed politics with good results before, but they are going to do better now. They are going to avoid all the mistakes that were made before." Will they? Where is the evidence of it? tee, THE doctrine that an individual is morally bound to obey every requirement of the Government as being an act of God, depends for support upon the idea that God and not man made the governments of the earth. To expose the folly and wickedness of this idea it is only necessary to ask if the United States Government and the Turkish government were made by one and, the same being. What God makes, is perfect ; but where is there a perfect government on the face of the earth? The im-perfections of all human governments stamp them as the work of finite man. -- -4 -4-- How far short the best human government falls in practice, of the ideal set up in the theory upon which it is built, may be seen from the miscarriage of the principle of majority rule in our own country, as set forth in an- 