111111111pli—,00,  Equal and exact justice to all rriert, of whatever 'state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW' YORK, JUNE 26, 1890. NUMBER 26. The American Sentinel. "PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mo KEE. " A GOOD Sunday law," says the Colo-rado Graphic, "is one which allows men, women, and children to do as they please, provided they do not interfere with what their neighbors do, or in other words, molest their neighbors." Ł Ł IN commenting upon Senator Stanford's proposition to create a Land, Loan Bureau in the Treasury Department, by means of which the Government shall loan money on unincumbered real estate, at a low rate of interest, for ,a long term of years, the Christian Union remarks that it is a much longer step toward Nationalism than it appears to be on its surface, and then pertinently says : " In view of these schemes for making the Government a silent partner in all sorts of industries, we ,think the time is ripe for some in-struction, in popular literature and lec-tures, on the true functions of govern-ment." We think so too: paternalism, or Nationalism, which is only another name for the same thing, will yet be the ruin of this country. Ł Ł  Ł  A RELIGIOUS paper of Oakland, Califor-nia, has the following notice of Miss La-throp's work in that city :Š The Non-Partisan Woman's Christian Temperance Union is ably represented on this coast at present by the national organ-izer, Miss 'Mary F. Lathrop, who is now in Oakland presenting the claims of the new organization. We are assured by Miss Lathrop that the Union is strictly non-partisan and non-sectarian; that it proposes to keep itself clear of all entan- gling alliances, either religious or political, upon which there is room for wide differ-ence of opinion among members; and that it will work along the single line of Chris-tian temperance. We are sure that this one line affords ample scope for all the energies of the good ladies who join. We believe that the new organization is one with which all ladies can consistently work no matter what their religious convictions; and so long as it adheres to the plan that has been set before us, we wish it a hearty Godspeed. A Question of Rights. ALTHOUGH we are opposed to the Bennett Law in Wisconsin and its counterpart in Illinois, or anywhere else; and although we should like very much to see those laws everlastingly killed; yet at the same time we are constrained to say that we be-lieve the opponents of those laws in those States have made a serious mistake in making it the issue in a political campaign. We believe that the opposition to those laws could have made a fight and gained a victory in another way, the effect of which would have been infinitely stronger and more lasting than anything that may be done, or any victory that may be gained in the way they are waging the contest. In the other way we believe victory for the opponents of the laws would have been absolutely certain, while in this way vic-tory is at the very best uncertain. What we mean is, that the opponents of these laws, instead of entering upon a political campaign to secure the repeal of the laws, should have planted them-selves upon the ground of personal, pri-vate, parental, and religious rights; should have made the plea that those laws are unconstitutional in that they are an un-warranted invasion of such rights; and should have carried their plea to the Su-preme Courts of their States. We say that in following this course, we believe victory would have been absolutely certain ; because the Supreme Courts of both those States have already decided that it is the right  of the parent to direct what subjects and to what extent his child shall study even in the public school; and that this right is above the authority of the public school teacher, or the public School Board. The Supreme Court of Wisconsin said :Š Ordinarily, it will be conceded, the law gives the parent the exclusive right to govern and control the conduct of his minor children, and he has the right to enforce obedience to his commands by moderate and reasonable chastisement. And furthermore, it is one of the earliest and most sacred duties taught the child, to honor and obey its parents. The situa-tion is truly lamentable, if the condition of the law is that he is liable to be punished by the parent for disobeying his orders in regard to his studies, and the teacher may lawfully chastise him for obeying his parents in that particular. The Supreme Court of Illinois said :Š Parents and guardians are under the responsibility of preparing children entrusted to their care and nurture, for the discharge of their duties in after life. Law-givers in all free countries, and, with few exceptions, in despotic governments, have deemed it well to leave the education and nurture of the children of the State to the direction of the parent or guardian. This is and has ever been, the spirit of our free institutions. The State has provided the means and brought them within the reach of all, to acquire the benefits of a common school ed-ucation, but leaves it to parents and guardians to determine the extent to which they will render it available to the children under their charge. Of these decisions. Judge Prendergast says :Š It has been decided by the Supreme Courts of Illi-nois and of Wisconsin that it 'is for the parents of children attending even the public schools, to deter-mine the extent and the subjects of instruction to be acquired by the child, and that such parental determination is to control school authorities and teachers. If this be the law as to public schools, it is a fortiori the law as to private schools. According to these decisions the battle of the opponents of these laws has already been fought and the victory won, and all they had to do was to claim the victory as theirs by carrying their case to the Su-preme Courts of their States. For their contest is in defense of the parental rights and authority asserted in these decisions, and of private schools And as Judge Prendergast says, if the determination of the parent is to control the authorities and teachers of the public school, how 