310 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The blind groped toward him, and he opened their eyes. The deaf ones heard his voice. The poor old pilgrims came and found a refuge. What shouts of joy went up! And as men praised the prison walls fell down, the tem-ple tottered, and there came forth souls who'd suffered in the torture rooms below. The school-house opened, and the pupils came asking to be renewed in love's sweet image, and an army rallied to the side of Love. There was great madness in the town of Bondage, for those who heeded not the voice of Love, chose chains and demons, officers and priests. They loved their chains, and would not be set free, and hated those who walked at liberty. ("I will walk at liberty, for I love thy precepts.") There shone a lightning glory round a cross whereon was seen the LAMB of SACRIFICE, Šthe sacrifice of love, not force, that made men free in giving unto God. Love's toil, Love's pain, Love's sacrifice, was sweet. Love used the gifts Love gave, and ever brightened in the human soul the individual trait to shine for God with God. There came command to leave the town of Bondage, and he who led captivity captive, led his host away. They rose above the walls, a fair white throng, changed into heavenly glory. But as they rose, the cloud above the city grew more black, and flashed with sword-like flames. Peals of loud thunder shook the very earth. The river Death-Doom foamed, winds shrieked, the rocks and mountains crashed. We paused to watch. The hand let all its shafts loose, and o'er the roar and flame we heard the cries of demons and men. Blood rained from heaven, the blood that men had shed within the town of Bondage, and it. reached the horses' bridles. A mighty dust and smoke arose, and then a flame as bright as Sodom's and the city of the nations fell to rise no more. The town of Bondage lay in heaps, strewn with the dead,,  and covered o'er with night. Fowls feasted, and the earth was white with bones. But lo, the King of glory rose, and with him went the hosts of liberty. Mid throngs of angels we moored near to heaven. The angels sang, "Lift up your heads, ye gates, and be ye lifted up, ye everlasting doors, and the King of glory shall come in." From far-off gates the answering angels sang, "Who is the King of Glory?" And sweet and musical the song of joy arose, "The Lord of hosts, he is the King. He who death overcame, of angels and of powers, the King of glory, is the King of the saints." We entered in in ranks like snow, crowned by the hand of Loye, and o'er the gate was traced in words of gold, "The City of Liberty." One day amid a field of flowers I came upon a maiden fair and tall; her hands were filled with lillies, and she sang. Her hands were shining, and upon her breast there bloomed one sweet, red roseŠthe wound trans-formed; for it was she of bleeding fingers and of broken heart. There came sweet music with the sound of harps. It was the hearts that sang that once were torn and riven in the world. I found them all,Šthe poor, despairingŁ eyed, the hungry mothers, and the slaves new made, butŁ all were glad and satisfied with God. 0 what a melody went up from untold hosts, as sound of many waters,Š"Glory, dominion, praise, and power and love be unto,  him that sitteth on the throne, and to the Lamb for-ever." And I awoke. Alas! I tread the streets of Bond-age City still; but I will cry as I cried in my dream, pro--claiming liberty, and God will see that all the dream's: fulfilled, fortis not all a dream. God Is Love. N. P. Neilsen, in "The Wisconsin Reporter." Oun God is love. He is the source Of love divine. Survey Love's course And trace it to its fountain head And you reach God. For John has said That he is love. His love sublime Doth reach to the remotest clime. To worlds on high, to earth's low sod, Through all the universe of God This love doth flow. Its thrill is felt On every shore, in every belt. The power that moves the heavenly host Upon the bright celestial coast To sing the sweet melodious songŠ Ten thousand times ten thousand strong; The power that moves them to obey Their Maker's will from day to day Is nothing but this holy love That rules the mighty worlds above. This same pure love ruled in the hearts Of martyrs who would not depart From God's plain truth. They calmly bore Reproach, rebuff, and trials sore. They did not fear the rack nor stake When asked by demons to forsake The God of Love. Ah, no! the tie Uniting them with God on high Was stronger than the prison cells, Yea, stronger than the cords of hell. This tieŠthe golden chain of loveŠ Connected them with heaven above. Firm for God's truth and right they stood And sealed Love's message with their blood. O wondrous love! 'Tis power divine! May it but rule your heart and mine! O brother, dear, then in God's name By love the wandering ones reclaim; Yes, point their sin-sick souls above, And tell them of the home of Love. THE victory of a bad prindiple in Rational policy is a calamity which all the nation's victories in arms cannot offset. 