164 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "The seventh day" must mean the day before Sunday, which is commonly called Saturday. Another point that must not be overlooked is raised by the query as to what willconstitute a violation of this Act. Jesus Christ said that hatred in the heart was a violation of the commandment which says, "Thou shalt not kill," which is Section 6 in Mr. Walters' bill. See Matt. 5:21, 22. No doubt it will be acknowledged that there is no higher authority upon the subject than this. The courts will therefore be obliged to take cognizance of hatred as a violation of Section 6 of this State law, of lust as a violation of Section 7, etc., and inflict the pen-alties specified in the Act. The enlargement of the State prisons and penitentiaries which the punishment of such persons, together with all who were covetous, would de-mand, it would be needless to try to specify. The penal institutions would simply have to be made large enough to take in the entire population of the State. If we are really to have a "Christian Amendment" to the Constitution which will make "the revealed will of Jesus Christ" the "supreme authority in civil affairs" for all the nation, it may be well that the experiment should be first tried on the small scale which Mr. Walters' bill proposes, in order that the people may judge of its utility for the wider field of national government. It would certainly be far preferable that the Kansas leg-islature should pass this bill, rather than that the National Legislature should pass the so-called Christian Amendment. " What Is Wrong ? " WHAT is wrong? inquires the Rev. C. S. Bullock, in the March Christian Endeavorer, and proceeds to justify and answer the query as follows:Š " Every pulpit in the land guarded by lawŠnearly onOundred thousand men of learning and ability set, for the bringing to the attention of other men the life and death message of GodŠand yetŠ "Multiply the twelve apostles by eight thousand and how soon they would turn the word up-side-down ! What is wrong? " Think of EnglandŠthe brightest part of Europe. Eighty thousand criminals; one hundred and sixty thou-sand drunkards; one hundred thousand, prostitutes; nearly ten hundred thousand paupers, and a drink bill of one hundred and thirty-six million pounds sterling! Is that the best the gospel of Jesus Christ can do for Eng-land? " Look upon our own landŠover seventy-three mill-ion population And about twenty million enrolled mem-bers in all branches of the church ! Seven million young men, of whom but five percent. are enrolled as members of the church, these, as a fraction of one of the million, attend church somewhat regularly, another million at-tended occasionally, but five million never attend. Think of arresting over one and a half :million of men and women annuallyŠfifty millions ,in a, generation! Crime increases four' and a half times faster than the popula-tion: What is wrong? "Here we stand upon the threshold of the twentieth century with the record of forty million people habitually absenting themselves from the house of God We have perfect machinery and a seemingly large amount of zeal Šwe are doing everything that we can think of to reach the ungodlyŠwe have tried spinning-wheels and grab-bags, theatricals and tableaux, broom dr-ills and donkey socials. We have fiddled to them and fed them with ice cream and cake, and tickled them with funny stories, yet Ichabod ' seems to be written upon everything we do. What is wrong? :Is there a-  power that can change these things? What is needed? Paul cries, `The gospel is the power of God.' 0, that is what is neededŠpower! POWER! Power in the Church and through the Church in politics to re-generate society. The only thing that can correct the things that need correction is the 'gospel.' Let us apply the gospel in liberal doses " Yes; it is power that is needed, and that power is needed in the church. But the needed power is not polit-ical power, but "the power of God.", The gospel is not political power. The gospel "is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Rom. 1:16. ,The power comes only to those who believe, and this totally separates it from politics, for politics have nothing to do with faith. If the Church does not have the power she needs, it is because there is a lack in believingŠbelieving the Word of God. Jesus Christ said to his followers, as he was about to ascend after his resurrection, "All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth. . . . And lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world." Then why has the Church not power? Is it, not because she has forsaken Christ and joined with Csar, and is seeking for divine power to be exercised through politics, for the "regeneration of society"? God cannot lend himself to any such scheme. The Church will have to get out of politics before she will realize the power for which some in her communion long. IT seems to be a difficult matterŠif not an impossi-bilityŠto secure the retracement of a single step which the Government has taken inŁ the direction of union with the Church. An illustration of this is furnished in the action of the Senate Committee to whose lot it fell to re-port on the Indian appropriation bill sent up from the House. Instead of submitting it without any appropri-ationS for sectarian Indian schools, as was provided for by Congress last year, it was reported to the Senate with a 'provision that during the coming year such schools shall have the same Government aid as this year, less ten per cent. The provision of Congress in the matter was that after June 30, 1897, all such appropriations should cease; and that during the year ending with that date, the appropriation should be only half that of the year previous. "It strikes us," say the Independent, "that the best way to cease is to cease." But the trouble is that Congress, as represented by this committee, is not seeking the best way to cease. 