----  D ... obis, s 1)  ,//01'52  - f ilTiul 32 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 4. NEW YORK, JANUARY 28, 1892. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL, need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IT is stated that laws against Sunday work for barbers are in force in Tennessee, Minnesota, Colorado, Indiana, Ohio, and Michigan. AMONG the demands recently formu-lated by the Socialists of Germany are these: that elections shall be held Sundays or other holidays, the right of free speech and free meetings, the abolition of State subventions to churches, the seculariza-tion of the schools, and free education. A WRITER in the American Ecclesiasti-cal Review, for January, states, as a dan-gerous tendency, that the common current of public opinion in this country " is, taking for granted, as a sort of ethical maxim useful in practical politics, that the universal conscience must supersede the individual conscience, and that when religion comes in contact with the popular will, expressed in the Government and State legislation, it must yield as a private interest to the general good." THE Union Signal remarks that " epi-demics of typhus fever and small-pox in various localities are adding to the horrors of famine in Russia; as if this were not enough, officials are misappropriating funds for the relief of the sufferers; gov-ernment now refuses to grant permission for private distribution of food, or` soup houses. Meanwhile the Czar continues his efforts to stamp out all religions except the Greek Church; his latest step in this direction being the closing of certain Catholic churches." Our contemporary should find no fault with the action of the Czar in opposing what he believes to be false religions. He is simply acting on the principle advo-cated by the whole National Reform fra-ternity, of which the Woman's Christian Temperance Union has become only an annex. THE Union Signal item furnishes also an illustration of the fact that State recog-nition of God and of his law does not make the officers of the State Christian, nor even honest. National Reform, so-called; is advocated in this country as a panacea for all the evils that States are heir to, but it fails to heal in other lands,  as is witnessed by this item of news con-cerning the peculations of the highly pious(?) officials of that Christian(?) sov-ereign, the Czar, who rules in the name of GodŠand by his authority just as truly as would the National Reformers in this country were the power which they seek given into their hands. THE Christian Statesman has 'always insisted that in order to make this a Chris-tian Nation the Constitution must be so amended as to place all " our Christian laws, institutions, and usages on an unde-niable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land ; " but now Dr. Herrick John-ston rises up and argues that the World's Fair should be closed on Sunday because " the Nation is Christian, Christianity is embedded in our national laws, and is rec-ognized in our national usages and ap-pointments. We issue proclamations of thanksgiving, appoint chaplains, admin-ister oaths, and open Legislatures and Congresses in the name of the God of the Sabbath." Now if the Statesman is cor-rect it destroys the Doctor's argument; and on the other hand, if the Doctor is correct the Statesman is without a mission, and has only been fighting wind-mills, lo, these many years. Ł IN leading in the fight against the pub-lishers of Sunday papers in Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, the Christian Statesman says :Š A Sunday newspaper office in this State and most others, is a "speak-easy," a place doing busi-ness contrary to law. Let it be remembered that the Law and Order mottois, " We ask only obedi-ence to law." The opposite creed is anarchy. And this has ever been the motto of in-tolerance and bigotry. The pagans, in persecuting to the death the early Chris-tians, had no other motto; they simply de-manded obedience to the law of Rome. And in every country where Christian blood has been shed and Christian hearts wrung with anguish, because of the in-humanity of man to man, the same plea has been made, " We are only enforcing the law." This was all that was done in Tennessee in the case of the late R. M. King, hounded from court to court and finally to his death, for the offense of quietly plowing in his field upon a day that his neighbors professed to regard as sacred to the worship of God, but which they were not careful to keep holy them-selves. IT is a weak cause that fights shy of the merits of the case and pleads that it is only " enforcing the law." If the editors of the Christian Statesman will consult an old book known as the " Acts of the Apostles" they will find in the fifth chapter eminent precedent for disobeying an unjust and iniquitous law. In this case the Law and Order League of Jerusa-lem were only trying to enforce the law,  and certain apostles of our Lord and Sav-iour Jesus Christ were the "_anarchists," who not only violated the law but declared their intention to violate it. We do not say that the case of the Pittsburg papers' equally meritorious, but the example of Peter and John should forever close the mouths of those who call themselves Chris-tians, to the poor plea, they are only "en-forcing the law." The law Should be justi-fied by an appeal to the principles of right and justice or it should go to the wall. THE Observer of this city comments thus sadly upon the fact that the Metro-politan Museum of Art is to continue open to the public Sunday afternoons :Š The people who now go to the museum on the Sunday could largely attend during the week, and there is no more reason than there ever was for the Sunday opening. That it has come to stay is not at all unlikely. Encroachments on the Sabbath are becoming more and more frequent, and the conti-nental Sunday is not unlikely to be a settled insti-tution of American life ere the present century closes. Possibly the Observer might find some consolation in the facts stated recently in the Sabbath Outlook that Sunday was al-ways a holiday rather than a holy day; and that having adopted it, rather than the Sabbath of the Lord, its friends could not reasonably object to its festival char-acter. Vick's Floral Guide, 1892. TRUE and tried friends are always wel-come, consequently " Vick's Floral Guide" is sure of a warm reception, especially when dressed as daintily as this year. The "Nellie Lewis" Carnation on the front of cover, and " Brilliant Poppies " on the back, are unusually attractive, and the numerous colored plates of flowers and vegetables are certainly works of art and merit. The first twenty-four pages, printed in violet ink, describe novelties and specialties. Send ten cents to James Vick's Sons, Rochester, N. Y., and pro-cure a copy of this attractive and useful catalogue. It costs nothing, as the ten cents can be deducted from the first order. CHRISTIANITY may be the religion of the people, but it is in no sense the religion of the State.Š.-Judge Appleton. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Ł AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Peed Street, New York City 