20 ANMIZICAN institutions are these religio-political writ-ers of to-day. Every argument or sophistry that they can think of is used to show that Christianity is an integral part of our laws, its recognition as such by the Government a duty, and its hallowed in-stitutions entitled to special protection as such. But these ideas are the gratuitous inventions of the friends of Church and State. It was far from the thoughts of those who established our Government to give countenance to any such political ideas. Jefferson denies that Christianity was ever rightfully a part of the common law, even of England, much less of this country where we profess to have absolute religious liberty. The three " connecting links between Church and State," which Dr. Schaff men-tions, are marriage, Sunday laws, and re-ligion in public schools. But the truth is that the first of these is not a religious re-lation at all (any more than is plowing corn, or selling a bushel of oats, but it is simply a status entered into by a purely civil contract) and the other two are en-tirely outside the sphere of our political system, as can be positively proved by quo-tations from the writings of Madison him-self, which are emphasized by the declara-tions of Jefferson. On account of the " strong bias toward the old error " that there must be " some sort of alliance or coalition between Gov-ernment and religion," Madison says : "Every new and successful example, therefore, of the perfect separation be-tween ecclesiastical and civil matters, is of importance." It is absolutely impossible to have a " perfect separation " and yet have connecting links. Consequently, Dr. Schaff's " connecting links " neces-sarily fall under the condemnation of Madison's outspoken letter. The truth is, however, that Madison took the pains to express himself on the "connecting link" of religion being taught in the public schools. In reference to re-ligious professorships, he wrote to Edward Everett * as follows :Š A university with sectarian professorships be-comes, of course a sectarian monopoly; with pro-fessorships of rival sects, it would be an arena of theological gladiators. Without any such professor-ships, it may incur, for a time at least, the impu-tation of irreligious tendencies, if not designs. The last difficulty was thought more manageable than either of the others. On this view of the subject there seems to be no alternative but between a pub-lic university without a theological professorship, and sectarian seminaries without a university. This imputation " of irreligious tenden-cies " if religion is not taught, Dr. Schaff furnishes, for he says " a total separation of Church and State is an impossibility, unless we cease to be a Christian people," and then mentions religion in the public schools as one of the " links " which can-not be dispensed with. But Madison thought quite differently on the subject. He not only opposed having religion Quoted in " A merican State Papers," (1890) pages 78. 79.  taught in the public schools because it was outside the sphere of the State, but he always claimed, and with good reason, that it was injurious to religion as well. " The difficulty," said he, " of recon-ciling the Christian mind to the absence of religious tuition from a university es-tablished by law, and at the common ex-pense, is probably less with us than withŁ you. The settled opinion here is that religion is essentially distinct from civil government, and exempt from its cogni-zance; that a connection between them is injurious to both; that there are causes in the human breast which insure the perpetuity of religion without the aid of law." And in another letter the year previous, he said: " We are teaching the world the great truth . . . that relig-ion flourishes in greater purity without, than with, the aid of government." These same principles forbid Sunday legislation; and, accordingly, Madison did not hesitate to express his opinion as to the " perfect equality " of Sabbatarians with Sunday keepers. In a letter to Dr. De La Motta, * a Jewish Rabbi, he says : " Among the features peculiar to the po-litical system of the United States, is the perfect equality of rights which it secures to every religious sect." Then if the Sab-batarians, who form only " seven-tenths of one per cent," have "perfect equality" with the dominant cult, a law compelling all to rest on Sunday is equally unjust with a law compelling all to rest on Sat-urday. So, too, if the Jews are on a "perfect equal-ity " with Christians, and Madison states emphatically that they do come " fully within the scope of these observations," then the Jews have exactly the same right to have their belief that Christ is an im-poster taught in the public schools, as have the Christians that he is divine ! They have the same right to have the principles of antichrist taught in the schools, that the Christian has to have the " unsectarian principles of Christianity " taught there. Thus we see how the schools would become the arenas of theo-logical gladiators. It is impossible to pre-serve equality and at the same time have any religious service whatever in the pub-lic schools. From this it is evident that Dr. Schaff's " connecting links " are dia-metrically opposed to the American po-litical system, as expounded by the prin-cipal author of the great work which is the embodiment of that system. Jeffer-son boldly asserted the following sweeping doctrine, when speaking of religious proc-lamations: " I consider the Government of the United States as interdicted by the Constitution from intermeddling with re-ligious institutions, their doctrine, disci-pline, or exercises." Nor did these statesmen extend this equality only to the various religions. It was universal equality with them. No * quoted in " American State Papers," pages 73, 74.  doctrine was to be taught in the schools, nor were any religious laws of any kind to be enacted that were not equally acceptable to both unbeliever and Chris-tian. There is not a single act of Chris-tian worship, study, or reverence of any kind that the State has a right to force upon a single citizen. It is the inalienable right and "it is the duty of every man," says Madison, " to render to the Creator such homage, AND SUCH ONLY, as he be-lieves to be acceptable to him." Then the unbeliever in the Christian religion can, by right, no more be compelled to regard any of the institutions of the Christian religion, than could the Christian be com-pelled to regard the rites and institutions of. Judaism or heathenism. All have equally the right to use their time as they will, but in that use, they must not, on any day, nor in any way, interfere with the equal rights of others. Madison says again : " All men are to be considered as entering into society on equal conditions; as relinquishing no more, and, therefore, retaining no less, one than another, of their natural rights." Hence, if all are on a " perfect equality," and the Ameri-can system is a " perfect separation be-tween' ecclesiastical and civil matters," the inevitable conclusion must be that the religio-political writers in asserting that " a total separation of Church and State is an impossibility," are mistaken; and that the American political system, when strictly carried out, is a total separation between Church and State. And we not only do not cease to be a Christian people, but "every new and successful example" of that perfect separation succeeds " in showing that religion and government will both exist in greater purity the less they are mixed together "Šthe apprehen-sions of Church and State advocates to the contrary, notwithstanding. W. A. BLAKELY. University of Michigan. Must End in Failure. ARCHBISHOP IRELAND, Of St Paul, in his address before the National Educa-tional Association, favored the theory of compulsory education, and also insisted that the public mohey should be used for the support of the parish schools of relig-ious denominations. His solution of the school problem is to " permeate the reg-ular State school with the religion of a majority of the children of the land," and also to "pay for the secular instruction given in denominational schools according to results " attained. This we regard as a very defective and wholly impracticable theory. The truth is, that there is no religion of the majority, in distinction from that of the minority, in this country, with which the State has any thing to do. The State, as such, has nothing to do with the religious beliefs of the people one way or the other, beyond affording them a just 