JUNE 11, 1896. SITIVPINEITL, 189 the throne and the holy door, and the choir chanted the Psalm: "Misericordiam et Judicium Cantabo Tibi, Domine." THE CORONATION CEREMONY. The ceremony of the coronation and anointment was then accomplished, as follows: "The metropoli-tan of St. Petersburg mounted the steps of the throne, placed himself in front of the Emperor and invited his majesty to make, before his faithful subjects, and in a loud voice, his profession of orthodox faith, and presented him with the open book from which the Emperor recited the symbol of the faith. After this the metropolitan of St. Petersburg pronounced the ritual: "Gratia Spiritus Sancti Sit Emperor Tecum. Amen." The metropolitan then left the estrade, and after the reading of the holy gospels, the metropolitans of St. Petersburg and of Keiff mounted the steps to the throne. The Emperor arose and, taking off the collar of the Order of St. Andrew, ordered that the imperial man-tle with the collar, in diamonds, of that order, be presented to him. They were presented on cushions by the metropolitans of St. Petersburg and Keiff, who also assisted his majesty to put on the mantle. The metropolitan of St. Petersburg then pronounced the words: "In nomine Patris et Ella et Spiritus Sancti. Amen." (In the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit. Amen.) His majesty received the pontifical benediction of the metropolitan of St. Petersburg, who placed his hands on the Czar's head in the form of a cross, reciting the two prayers prescribed by the ritual. The prayers terminated, the Emperor ordered that the imperial crown be presented to him. Thereupon the metropolitan of St. Petersburg took the imperial crown and handed it to the Emperor, who took it in his hands and placed it on his head. The metropolitan then, in a loud voice, pronounced the prescribed allocution. In a similar manner his Majesty caused to be preŁ sented to him the scepter and the globe, and, having taken the scepter in his right hand and the globe in his left hands he seated himself upon the throne. A few moments later his Majesty arose and placed the scepter and globe upon cushions. The monarch then called upon her Majesty the Em-press Alexandra Feodorovna to approach, and she knelt before him on a velvet cushion richly embroid-ered with gold. Ł CROWNING OF TIIE CZARINA. His Majesty thereupon solemnly lifted the crown from his own head and touched with it the forehead of the Empress. He then replaced the crown upon his own head. His Majesty afterward took up the crown of the Empress and placed it on the head of her Majesty. Her Majesty's imperial mantle and the collar of the Order of St. Andrew were next presented with the same ceremony. This done, her Majesty took her seat or! the throne while the Emperor again took the scepter in his right hand and the globe in his left. The archdeacon next proclaimed the imperial title in extenso and intoned the verses: "Domine. Salvum Faci Imperialorem," and " Domine, Salvam Faci Imperatricem," followed by the " Ad Multus Annos," which the choir repeated three times. After the chanting the bells of the cathedral and of all the other edifices throughout Moscow were rung and a salute of 101 cannon shots were fired. The Emperor then arose, handed the scepter and the globe to attendants and knelt down to recite from the book presented to him by the metropolitan of St. Petersburg, the prayer prescribed for the occa-sion. The prayer terminated, the metropolitan and all present knelt, and, in the name of the nation, of-fered up prayers to the Almighty. After the prayer the metropolitan of St. Petersburg addressed a short allocution to the Emperor, and the choir intoned the Te Deum to the sound of the bells of all the churches of the Kremlin. During this ceremony the Czar stood with bared head. The reading of the holy gospel followed, and two of the archbishops presented the holy book to their Majesties to kiss The anthem terminated and the officiating clergy having been notified that the holy door was open, two archbishops, assisted by archdeacons, advanced from the altar toward his majesty to announce to the latter that the holy ceremony of the anointment was to begin. ,Thereupon his Majesty, having handed his sword to one of his assistants, descended from the throne, and, preceded by the sceptre, the globe and the crown, went toward the holy door, followed by the Empress Alexandra Feodorovna. On both sides of his Majesty were his assistants, the Minister of the Imperial Household, the Minister of War, the aide-de-camp, etc. Approaching the holy door, the Emperor and Empress stood on the golden cloth. The attendants grouped themselves on either  side behind their Majesties. The metropolitan of St. Petersburg, bearing the precious amphora with the holy chrism, dipped in it the bowl prepared for the purpose and anointed the forehead, eyelids, nostrils, lips, ears, chest and hands of the Emperor, pronounc-ing the words: " Impressio Doni Spiritus Sancti." (The seal of the gift of the Holy Spirit.) The ringing of bells and firing of a salute of 101 guns notified the populace of the conclusion of this ceremony. ANOINTING OF THE CZAR. After the holy unction, his Majesty placed himself on the right, in front of the image of the Saviour, and the Empress approached the holy door, where the metropolitan of St. Petersburg anointed her on the forehead, pronouncing the words of the ritual. The metropolitan of St. Petersburg afterward in-troduced the Emperor into the sanctuary by the holy door, the other prelates officiating holding up the imperial mantle from the moment he passed the door. Subsequently the Emperor received the holy com-munion as it is administered to priests,Šthat is, sep-aratelyŠby virtue of his sovereignty. Leaving the sanctuary, his Majesty again took up his place before the image of the Saviour, while the Empress received holy communion according to the usual rite. Their Majesties returned to their thrones, where the post communion ceremonies were performed, and at the end of the mass the archdeacon intoned the verses: " Domine Salvum Fac Imperatoriem," and "Domine Salrum Fac Imperatricem," the choir repeating three times "Ad Multus Annos." At the end of the service the clergy presented the cross to their Majesties for them to kiss, the Emperor replaced the crown on his head, again took the scepter and the globe, and the clergy and all the persons pres-ent presented their felicitations upon the conclusion of the ceremonies of the coronation and the anoint. ment. The procession then moved back to the palace in the same order and with the same ceremony as upon the occasion of leaving it, preceded by the cortege of the ex-Empress Marie Feodorovna. After leaving the Cathedral of the Assumption, the Emperor and Empress repaired to the Cathedral of the Archangel Michael, where they were received by the Bishop of Kostroma, who presented them with a cross and holy water, and preceded them into the cathedral. Upon entering the sacred edifice, his Majesty placed his crown, scepter and globe in the hands of attend-ants, their Majesties knelt and prayed before the holy images, relics and tombs of their ancestors, and the archdeacon read the lines. Resuming the crown, scepter and globe, the Em-peror proceeded in state with the Empress to the Ca-thedral of the Annunciation, where they were received by the Archbishop of Kherson and the clergy. There, also, his Majesty took off his crown and placed the scepter and globe in the hands of those charged to receive them, and the usual religious ceremonies fol-lowed. From the Cathedral of the Anunciation their Majesties went to the palace, and at the Krasnoe Kryltso received the benediction of the metropolitan of St. Petersburg. This seems to have terminated the religious part of the proceedings, and certainly no God-in-the-Constitutionist could have wished for a more full or solemn expression of national al-legiance to God than these contained. During the progress of the succeeding fes-tivities, which continued for several days, an appalling catastrophe occurred, by which be-tween 2,000 and 3,000 of the new Czar's subjects lost their lives. It was, however, deemed in harmony with the national profes-sion of Christianity just made that the Czar should be present and dance at a " brilliant ball " given a few hours after the disaster, at the French Embassy. The press reports that " preparations had been made on the most elaborate scale for this ball, and it is asserted that $70,000 was expended on the supper alone, rare viands and delicious fruits and vegetables being brought from the most distant climes to add to the delights of the feast, while France furnished the costliest and most elegant fabrics and furniture to set off the beauties of the palace where the Embassy is lodged. . . While the dance within the French Embassy continued amid all the ac-companiments of luxury and gayety, discon-solate friends and relatives wandered over the desolate plain among the dead and the suffer- ing dying, looking, often in vain for their missing."  The Russian government is determined to make its religion a truly national religion, and to this end is endeavoring to weed out from the empire all unorthodox religions, by exterminating the dissenting sects, such as the Stundists, Baptists, Jews, etc., who will not change their religion for the Orthodox " faith." This again is just as it ought to be under the " National Reform " God-in-the-Constitution theory of govern-ment. We have but to look at Russia, with its system of religious proscription and Siberian exile, to see this theory in all the beauty(?) of practical realization. But we are not at all charmed by the sight. May it be long indeed ere the people of this land are induced to arm the civil power with authority to profess religion in their name and establish a national code of religious belief to which all must conform or subject themselves to the penalty of disfranchisement and the loss of their civil rights. s. . 4. Ł  " NATIONAL REFORM " ARGUMENT USED IN ECUADOR. THE Panama Star and Herald, of May 23, prints the following:Š Great consternation prevails in Ecuador, owing to the recent earthquakes, which partially destroyed the town of Porloviejo and some others. The Conserva-tives have seized this opportunity to dilate on divine retribution and to work up the religious fanaticism of the people against the present administration, asserting that God shows his anger by permitting such awful calamities to befall the people who support Alfaro. Their efforts in this direction seem, how-ever, to have miscarried, for the people appear to be determined to have a government that will not defraud and oppress them. The argument is just as gocd in Ecuador as it is in the United States. .4-.  AN ESTABLISHMENT OF RELIGION. IN a speech in the House of Representatives on the 4th of last February, recorded in the Congressional Record of the same date, page 1439, Mr. Maguire of California said:Š " There is an establishment of religion right here in this House, and repeated ap-propriations of public money for the estab-lishment and promotion of religion here, which, in my judgment, we ought to stop before we take up the subject of charitable appropriations to sectarian hospitals and asy-lums. The election of a chaplain of this House is an act respecting an establishment of religion. You cannot select a chaplain to pray for heavenly guidance for this House without having first determined that he is a minister of the true religion. How worse than useless, nay, how terribleŁ it would be to select a minister of a false religion to serve as a medium of communication between this House and the Almighty. His appointment would be an insult to divinity, and his prayers would be blasphemies, bringing curses instead of blessings. We do necessarily establish a religion in the election of a chaplain to con-duct religions services for the House, and we do it in defiance of the constitutional provi-sion which absolutely forbids it. We have no right to do it, and no right to appropriate a dollar of public money for that purpose. " Now, let those who object to sectarianism in our laws and in our appropriation billsŠin which I quite agree with them in principleŠdo away with this unconstitutional establish- 