424 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE papacy is gaining ground against the govern-ment in Rome. A dispatch from Rome under date of June 25, says: "For the first time since 1870 the Vati-can party has obtained a majority in Rome in the muni-cipal elections, and the fronts of the churches are fantas-tically illuminated nightly in honor of the success." * * * OVER in England, as it appears from an exchange,  the universities of Oxford and Cambridge think they have a copyright on the Word of God. A publisher who intended using extracts from the Revised Version was restrained by injunction from doing so, on the ground that the Revised Version was the property of these uni-versities. AN exchange notes that "a fresh attempt is made in England to abolish the opium trade in the British colo-nies. The agitation is now strongly assisted by the Church of England, the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Bishops of Carlisle, Derry, Liverpool, Norwich, Roch-ester, and Mauritius openly taking part in it." * "Go EAST, young man," is the maxim of the Horace Greelys of Russia to ambitious youth in that country. This is largely due to the completion of the great trans-Siberian railway, which will now terminate at Port Ar-thur instead of at Vladivostok. Few people appreciate how useful this longest of all railroads is already to Russia, incomplete though it is. Tens of thousands of emigrants are transported to the East. Last year 200,-000 colonists settled in Russian Manchuria. * * * ON one thing, says Living Issues, a Salt Lake City journal, the Mormon Church and other more popular churches are agreed ,Šthey denounce the desecration of Sunday. "As we write, the Presbyterians, in general as-sembly, are protesting against Sabbath desecration, while the Deseret News [Mormon organ] and the mayor of Salt Lake City are clamoring against the same thing." This same regard for Sunday constitutes an essential feature of the Mormon, the papal, and the pagan relig-ions of old time. This fact in itself ought to condemn it in the eyes of Protestant Christians. A NEW official is soon to be added to the President's Cabinet, whose office will be that of "Secretary for the Colonies." The name of Robert P. Porter is mentioned as that of the probable man to be chosen to this new position. Of course, such an office is a necessary one under the imperial policy now pursued by the Govern-ment. The expression "American colonies" carries us back to the days of King George III. Our forefathers thought they had forever abolished that expression, but they were mistaken. * * SUNDAY observance is not very rigidly enforced in this city under Tammany rule, but it seems that the Sunday theater is not yet to be tolerated. A press para-graph of recent date says:Š "In the case of Maurice Kraus, the reputed proprie-tor of the Dewey theater, on Fourteenth street, near Third avenue, and his father, the general manager, both were held in $300 bail by Magistrate Meade, in the York-ville Court yesterday, on the charge of violating the laws by giving a performance on Sunday. "The men were arraigned three weeks ago on the complaint of William S. Hubbell, of the New York Sabbath Committee, and a number of hearings given. Magistrate Meade then reserved his decision until yes-terday." IN India Sunday was formerly a legal holiday, but now the British government refuses to make it a dies non; which fact, says the Indian Witness, "is a serious hindrance to the observance of the day of rest in this country." This is true as regards its observance as a legal hol-iday; but Christians want something more than a day of rest observed as a legal holiday. The government can promote holiday observance, but only the power of God can promote true Sabbath-keeping; and no action by the civil government can constitute a "serious hin-drance" to that. THE Missionary Review prints a note on the "anti-Protestant efforts of the Roman Catholics" in the island of Madagascar, in which it states that the French gov-ernment "has forbidden the English missionaries not merely to sell medicines, but even to bring medicines for themselves from England. As a result a great many remedies which they used to furnish at a moderate cost have gone up in price, so that it is impossible for the common people to secure them. In view of this the French society is making an effort to establish a medical mission to meet this new phase of the work. In another respect the situation is difficult. The French law requires military service, and the governors of the villages are relied upon to give the ages of the people who are liable. These are all Roman Catholics, and are very apt to dis- 