254 THE AMERICAN-  SENTINI., that he can do for the Christian religion, and therefore all that he ought to do. " No ; the field of the legislator is limited, and though ' he is, the minister of God, a revenger to eXecute wrath upon him that doeth evil,' said though Sabbath breaking is a very great evil, it is that kiiitl of an evil which he has nb power to remedy. It is an evil to be sick, but one does not go to a banker for a prescription. The banker may indeed be able to render valuable aid in case of financial difficulty, but in sickness he is as powerless as the poorest, and possibly more so. We would hardly think of taking our watches to the blacksmith for repairs. He isn't quali-fied to, do such work; it is too fine for him. So of the statesman; he is not qual-ified to administer in spiritual matters; he has not the credentials. "If it is desired to secure better Sabbath observance, (and it is very desirable), such means only should be used as are lawful; but the only lawful means that can be used to secure better Sabbath observance is a direct appeal to the power of God as shown in the gospel of Jesus Christ, and when that power fails to secure the de-sired result, everything fails; for there is no power greater than the power of God. Even God himself does not compel belief of the gospel. He does indeed threaten those with everlasting destruction that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ, but he leaves it entirely to the individual to decide whether he will obey or not. An appeal may indeed be made to the civil power for assistence to secure the desired end, but what kind of Sabbath observance would be secured by such means ? Would it be such Sabbath ob-servance as is contemplated in the corn-mandment, ' Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy' ? Nothing short of holy Sabbath observance can meet the require-ments of this commandment. Now can one be made to keep the Sabbath holy by a civil law ? The commandment does not say, Remember the Sabbath day to keep it civilly.' But the Sabbath can not be kept holy unless its observance is prompted by the love of God, and, therefore, such Sabbath observance as would be secured by a civil law would be a sin in itself, because it is not prompted by the love of God, but by the fear of man. One who observes the Sabbath in obedience to a civil law does it, not because God says, ' Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy,' but because he is afraid that some man will lay violent hands on him if *he i does not do t, and so he acts the hypo-crite. " Thus these petitioners pray to man to have the fear of man put into the heart of man, instead of praying to God to have his love put in their hearts. All en- lightened minds agree to what the Bible confirms, and what reason can clearly perceive without argument, that love for God is essential for every act of religious  duty. To tender obedience or homage to God, while we have no love for him in our hearts, would be dishonorable to the Maker, and doing violence to our own nature.' Iltit Sabbath observance is a religions dutY, and therefore in obeying a civil la* for Sabbath observance, one is sinning hot only against his Maker, but he is sinning against himself. And those who are instrumental in securing and en-forcing such a law are guilty, not simply of sinning against God, but of exalting themselves above God. For, first, they take upon themselves to dictate for the people the form of religious.worship which they shall observe; and secondly they prescribe the punishment which shall be inflicted upon them for a failure to con-form to that practice. But both these things belong alone to God. " And, further, the Sabbath observance which is secured by such a law as is con-templated by these petitioners, is not di-rected to God at all, but to man instead ; because, ' his servants ye are to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey,' and obedience is the highest form of worship. And therefore this law, instead of secur-ing better Sabbath observance, would es-tablish idolatry; for it does require the worship of a creature instead of the Cre-ator. Instead of securing better observ-ance of the fourth commandment, it re-quires a direct violation of the first. In-stead of being in harmony with the gospel of Jesus Christ, it is directly opposed to it; for Christ himself said, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God and him only shalt thou serve.' Hence it is true that thoes who are instrumental in securing this law do indeed ' exalt themselves above God' by directing to themselves that wor-ship which belongs alone to God. " The forms and practices of the Chris-tian religion were not instituted by the aid of civil power, but in spite of it, and in direct opposition to it. The Author of this religion was crucified by the civil power, and all his disciples save one was persecuted to the death; yet in spite of all this persecution, the gospel prevailed, and won its way into the hearts of the people. But in its exaltation lay its greatest dan-ger; for the discernment of an ambitious monarch saw the power which this new religion was exerting in the earth, and with the object of strengthening his own power, he made Christianity the religion of the State, enforcing its forms and cere-monies by the pains and penalties of civil law. Oh, the blight it brought! As well might he have thought to aid the Al-mighty in causing the earth to bring forth grass and herbs and animate creatures, as to think of rendering assistance by civil power to the propagation of the gospel in the hearts of men. But in spite of this withering curse that caused the pall of darkness to settle over the age that fol-lowed ; in spite of the rivers of blood which this unhallowed union caused to  flow from millions of bleeding martyrs; in spite of the clouds of smoke that as-cended to heaven from myriad consuming bodies of saints, the gospel prevailed, and to-dayŠa happy peopleŠwe enjoy the liberty which the gospel has secured to us; thus showing that the power of God is Mightier than the Mightiest power of earth, and that it is to prevail, not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit saith the Lord of Hosts,' and that is the only power in this world that can save a human soul from sin. " But instead of profiting by these fear-ful lessons of the past, instead of directing their prayers to God for more of his spirit and' power to convert sinners, we find thousands of the professed ministers of Christ in this fair Dominion putting up their petitions to Parliament instead of to God, for a law to save themselves and the rest of the people from the sin of Sabbath breaking! Seeking the assistance of the civil power to enforce the principles of Christianity ! In the name of all that is good, has the gospel of Jesus Christ lost its saving power ? or have these petition-ers lost the power of the gospel ? When any form of religious worship has been so sadly neglected that it is about to die a natural death, it can never be brought to life by the power of civil law. ' Let the priests, the ministers of the Lord, weep between the porch and the altar !' Let them cry mightily to God for salvation from the sin of Sabbath breaking ! Let them be clothed with the righteousness of Christ and armed with the weapons of spiritual warfare; and with the law of God for their guide, and the gospel of Christ for their salvation, they would go forth conquering and to conquer. And the cowardly call for assistance from civil authority would give place to thanksgiv-ing, and honer, and power, and might, unto our God forever and ever. Amen." ŠEugene Leland. . Ł  " THE bishop and the rector of the Latin school at Viborg, Jutland," says the Recorder, "are calling each other names and setting a bad example. The bishop intimates that the rector is a heathen, while the rector retorts in effect that the distinguished divine is a Pharisee and a nincompoop. It is all about the school gymnasium, which the rector had allowed a club of young men to use for two hours on Sunday forenoons. This, says the bishop, is paganism; according to the rector, it is simple justice to the young men, who are clerks with no other holi-day, and, if not allowed the use of the dumb-bells, would certainly prefer the public bars to the bishop's pulpit as by far the more exhilarating. The bishop ap-peals to the king, and the rector is sat upon. In his turn he publishes the whole correspondence, and public sentiment re-viles the bishop and provides for the shut-out clerks a private gymna5ium." 