150 AMERICAN SENTINEL. anything is grounded upon the law of nature, they say that reason wills that such a thing be done; and if pro-hibited by the law of nature, they say that it is against reason, or that reason will not suffer it to be done." This law of nature appeals more or less powerfully to all men. It is read alike by Christian and heathen. It was as fully recognized in ancient Egypt in the days of the Pharaohs as it is in, many so-called Christian lands -to day. Indeed, only natural law can be comprehended by the natural man. Of the revealed law of God, the apostle says: "We know that the law is spiritual" (Born. 7:14); and again, "What man knoweth the things of a man, save, the spirit of man which is in him? even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God. Now we have received not the spirit of the world, but the -spirit which is of God; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God." 1 Cor. 2:11,12. There can be no discerning of the law of God, much less any performing of it without the Spirit of God. This Spirit COMPS to the world as a reprover of sin (John 16:8); and to the Christian as a teacher and comforter (John 14:26); but it comes to neither the one nor the other bringing the law of the state; but with the God-written law, the "sword of the Spirit," "the Word of God" which "is quick [living], and powerful, . . . and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." The Spirit brings this law not from the state, but from God. Were it to come from the state it could have only the authority of the state; but coming from God it has in it his own divine authority and power. It is in view of this truth that the apostle says, "For this cause also thank we God without ceasing, because, when ye received the word which ye heard of us, ye received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which effectually worketh also in you that believe." Even the written word of God enacted into civil law, sent forth by the state as state law, thereby loses its di-vine character, for it is received not as the word of God but as the law of the state. The truth of this is witnessed by the fact that thousands of professed Christians are to-day living in what, according to the divine law, is adultery, but without compunctions of conscience because the law of the state has quite superceded in their minds the law of God. In like manner, in thou-ands of minds the standard of Sabbath keeping is not the divine law, but the law of the state upon that subject. The fact is that every effort of man to enforce the divine law is in effect, whether consciously or not, an ,effort to change that law. Men enact into civil law not the divine law itself, but their interpretation of the divine law. They enact statutes to enforce "the Sabbath," but instead of the day set apart by God, they substitute another day, namely, the first day of the week. They make laws for the protection of "the Sabbath," but in-stead of fostering true Sabbath observance, such "laws" take away from it the safeguards of the divine law; for whereas God's law says of the Sabbath, "In it thou shalt not do any work," state laws on the same subject con- tain numerous exceptions, permitting much that is posi-tively forbidden by divine law. This is nothing more nor less, in effect, than changing the divine law. The moral of all this is that the state should keep its hands off from every species of legislation for which there are no adequate civil reasons. The sole duty of civil government is to declare our rights, to protect us in their exercise, and to take none of them from us. To attempt more than this is to assume divine prerogatives. God is the only moral governor, and his law is the only moral law; and God alone can administer his own law. He alone can by that divine law convince men of sin, and he alone can by the influence of his own divine Spirit secure obedience to his own divine law. The law of God is spiritual; it is his righteousness. What saith the Scriptures? "Hearken unto me ye that know righteousness; the people in whose heart is my law." And again, "All his commandments are righteousness." Has the state power to enforce God's righteousness? Are civil courts capable of even recognizing, or, in other words of judging, that righteousness? Nay, verily. Only the spiritual Being can administer the spiritual law; only God can work righteousness in the human heart; for only the life of Christ lived in the human soul can meet the claims of the divine law; and only Christ can live that life in the heart that is freely opened to him. He says to every one, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me." He wants to come into every heart, bringing in his own divine nature, his own perfect life, as says the apos-tle, "I am crucified with Christ; nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me; and the'life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me." This is the law of God in the heart, for "In his life the law appears, Drawn out in living characters." C. P. B. God'S Care for the Subjects of His Kingdom. AFTER the overthrow 61 the ten tribes, Judah alone was left as the remnant of Abraham's seed, by which to prove the stability of God's promise. To remove that people by force from the land in which God had placed them, would, in Satan's mind, be to defeat the plan em-braced in the promise to Abraham. Divine prescience foresaw the effort that would be made in this direction, and through the prophet Jeremiah forewarned that people of their impending calamity, but told them, how-ever, that they should again return from their captivity. From the earliest moment of that prophet's ministry, he was charged to reveal the true situation of matters to that people. He therefore told them that evil out of the north was sure to come unless they returned to God. Jer. 1:14; 4:6. But even though they were removed from their possession, he told them that, if they would but be 