- JESUS AMERICAN SENTINEL. 29 funds for any such purposes, whether parents wish it or not. If all the children in the asylum were Catholics, and all their parents or friends wished them to betaught Catholic dogmas, these facts would not make the insti_ tution non-sectarian. It is what is taught, not who aro instructed, that must determine this question.'-16 Nevada, page 383-4:" THIS illuAration of Roman Catholic "charity" was reported recently by The World, of this city:Š "A bright little girl had been taken from the Hudson County, New Jersey, Almshouse several months ago and indentured to a family named Norton. Mrs. Norton died and the child was transferred to the family of Frank R. Baldwin, who has a beautiful home at No. 29 Winfield ave., Jersey City. "The child liked her new home immensely. But yes-terday Father McDowell, of St. Paul's Roman Catholic Church, heard of the case and complained to Freeholder Joseph Murphy. " 'It is against the rules,' said he, 'to transfer an in-dentured child from one family to another. The law also prohibits a child of one religious faith to be inden-tured to a family of another faith.' "So the child was sent back to the almshouse." "Expansion" and Prosperity. DISPATcHES from Pittsburg say that the National Casket Company, having already filled an order for 2000 coffins foi the United States Government, is now figuring on another large order. Thus is our prosperity all pervading.ŠSpringfield Republican. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Banx Drat on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Cc. not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind cu good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper morel  or coin is sent, register the letter. AM   KRICA_N S Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom. promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. ft " Six months - .50. "tt Three months - .25. ADDRE88, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. 3aptist Principles OF Religious Liberty Applied to Sunday laws. An appeal to Baptists to be true to their historic principles and practices touching religious freedom. PLAIN 3131ITT "He's true to God who's true to man; wherever wrong is done, To the humblest and the weakest, 'neath the all-behold- ing sun, That wrong is also done to us; and they are slaves most base, Whose love of right is for themselves, and not for all their race." ŠLowell. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire of assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to the FOREIGN MIS-SION BOARD, 150 Nassau Street, New York. Of it a leading Baptist Minister and Editor writes:Š "I have read your pamphlet on `Baptist Principles of Religious Liberty' with great interest and entire sympathy. . . , I hope you will continue your efforts for the promotion of religious liberty." Fifty-two Pages, Illustrated, Price, Go. Jesus Died for You. This is the title of the new num-ber (No. 63) of the APPLES OF GOLD LIBRARY written by Mrs. Luella L. Harmon. It is a Christ-filled appeal to sin-ners to yield themselves to Him who died for them. It is well cal-culated to soften and subdue hearts, and to do good wherever circulated. Price, 50 cents per hundred. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 