66 AMERICAN SENTINEL. applied in concrete form to every function of our Gov-ernment,Šnational, state, municipal and local. "-We believe that the most direct means of accom-plishing this end is the formation of a politisal body of united Christian men and women, who shall use their elective franchise for the selection of able, worthy, and conscientious public officials who will seek in their re-spective positions to perform the functions of govern-ment in the spirit of the Man of Galilee. "We believe that a sufficient number of our fellow-citizens have been so spiritually and intellectually en-lightened by the example and teachings of Christ and his disciples as to equip them for wise and efficient lead-ership of such a political force; and to these we appeal for immediate and vigorous co-operation. "We believe that the pressing need, yea, the neces-sity of the times among the great masses of our fel-low-citizens is a practical application commercially and socially of the spirit and principles of Jesus of Naza-reth. . . "We therefore call for a national assembly of Chris-tian men and women of legal age, representing every State, territory and possession of the United States of America, to meet in the city of Rock Island, Ill., on the first Tuesday of the month of May (May 1), in the year of our Lord 1900, at the hour of 10 A. M., for the purpose of formulating a plan for national political action. "For the purpose of securing the fullest possible ex-pression of the will of the people, we recommend that, for this initial national assembly, the number of dele-gates named by each State, territory, or possession, shall be fixed at the discretion of the constituents. `Whosoever will, let him' come. The only test of eligi-bility shall "Actual personal attendance at the conference and satisfactory answer of the following question: 'Have you been elected as such delegate by a parliamentary body of your fellow citizens, and do you believe in the appli-cation of the principles of Christ to the government of the United States of America?"' These are remarkable statements, and all the more significant because they express a sentiment, or concep-tion, that is everywhere pervading the religious world. And how does this prevailing conception accord with the divine standard of religious truth? Let us notesome of its features:Š The "eternal principles of justice, mercy, and love, as exemplified in the life and teachings of Jesus Christ," are now to be "applied in concrete form to every func- tion of our Government." But have these principles, as thus exemplified, been applied in concrete form to the lives of the individual citizens?ŠOh no; only to a very small extent. This is a truth plainly seen on every hand. How then can they possibly be applied in the Government, which is of the pople and by the people? "Worthy and conscientious public officials," to be chosen by the people, are to "perform the functions of government in the spirit of the Man of Galilee." And the leaders of this new political force are to be "a suffi-cient number of our fellow-citizens" who have been  equipped for such leadership by being "spiritually and,  intellectually enlightened by the example and teachings- of Christ and his disciples. Ł" But where in all the record'  of the example and teachings of Christ and his disciplesŁ  is there to be found any instruction or any precedent for conducting.political affairs? The Saviour kept entirely aloof from polities, though the government of Judea was more corrupt in his day than 5s the Government of the United States at the close of the nineteenth century. If it had been important for Christians to apply his-principles to the governments of the world, would he not have instructed them upon this point? The "pressing need" and "necessity of the times" is "a practical application commercially and socially of the spirit and principles of Jesus of Nazareth." Does this mean that there is any greater necessity for society to-day than that of the application of these principlesŁ  to the individual heart, by God's plan of faith in Jesus Christ? And if it does mean this, can it possibly be true? The masses of the people are unchristianized; this is plain. Iniquity and corruption abound on every hand. The great cities are like Sodom and ancient Babylon, Men :and women are given to every form of worldly pleaSure and every form of vice. The church congrega-tions are small. The great majority of the voting pop-ulation are not even nominally Christian. And yet (it is thought) somehow, through these very people, and without changing them individually at all, the Govern-ment is:to:become Christian! Somehow, through these unchristian masses who do not apply the "principles of Christ" to their own practises at all, these principles are to be applied and carried out in the practises of the Government! This is strange blindness, truly. In:every manifestation of Christianity, the starting pointifrom which it is developed is always theindividual heart. This is the starting point, always; and any-thing which does not start thereŠanything which ig-nores that:starting pointŠcannot be Christianity. And Christianity starts in the individual heart only by the grace of:God, through faith. GOOD government is among the highest of human aspirations. Politically speaking, it is the very highest. But no government other than self government can by any possibility be or ever become good. It may be-stableŠas stable as the government of the czar. It mayibe peacefulŠas peaceful as the government of a prison. It may be good government in the estimation of the privileged classes. But it cannot be good in the only sense in which unselfish and truly religious and patriotic men have a right to call government good. New York in the worst days of Tweed was better gov-erned than Warsaw in the best days of the order that reigned there.ŠSe/: 