TI-18 AMERICAN SENTINEL.' A. change of circumstances often opens our eyes. No Protestant in Spain, and no Catholic in this , country,,  will be found insisting that the govern-:Merit. of his residence shall support and teach its own religion to the exclusion of all others, and tax all alike for its support. If it is right for one government to do so, then it is right for all. Were .Christians in the minority here, I appre-hend no 'such policy would be thought of by, them. This is the existing policy of most naŠtions in the world. Christian countries, how-ever, are fast departing from it. Witness Italy, Prussia, Spain, and England. The true doctrine the subject is the doctrine of peaceful disa-greement, of charitable forbearance; and,  a perfect impartiality. "Three menŠsay a Christian, an infidel, and A, JewŠOught ,to be able to carryon a govern-,inent for their common benefit, and' yet leave the religious,doctrines and worship of each unaffected thereby, otherwise than by fairly and impartially Tlietecting-each, and aiding each in his searches `after truth: If they are sensible and fair men they- Will so carry on their government, and 'carry it on successfully and for the benefit of all. If they are not sensible and fair .men, they will be apt to quarrel about religion, and, in the end, have a\ bad government and bad religion, if they do not destroy both. Surely they could well and safely 'carry on any other business, as that of banking, -Without . involving their religious opinions,, or any acts of religious worship. Gov,  ernment is an organization fora particular pur-pose. It is not almighty, and we are not to look to it for everything. The great bulk of human affairs and human interests is left `by any free - government to indiyidual enterprise ,and indi-vidual, action. Religion is eminently one of 'these interests, lying' outside the true and legiti-—Mate province of government: ﬂ Counsel say that to withdraw all religious in-struction from the -schools would be to put them tinder the, control of ' infidel sects.' This is by no means so. To teach the doctrines of infi-delity, and thereby , teach that Christianity is false, is one thing, and to give no instruction on the subject is-quite another thing. The only fair and impartial method, where serious objection is made,-  is to let each sect give its own instructions elsewhere than in the State schools, where, of necessity, among other subjects of' instruction, there are many others which can more conven-iently, satisfactorily, and safely be taught else-where. Our charitable punitive, or disciplinary, instructions stand on an entirelyŁ different foot-ing, There the State takes the place, of the Parent; to him will act the part of a parent or guardian in directing what religious instruction shall be given. "The principles here expressed are not new. They are the same, so far as applicable, enun-ciated by this court in Bloom vs. Richards, 2 Ohio Street 387, and in McGatrick vs. Wason,4/b. 566. They are as old as Madison; and, were his favorite opinions., Madison, who had more to do with framing the Constitution of the United States than any other man, and whose purity of life and orthodoxy of ,religious belief no one questions, ;himself says:Š T- " Religion is not in the purview of human gov-isfnment' And again he says: 'Religion is es-.gentially distinct from human governinent and ..exempts_ from its cognizance. A connection be-*pen -them is injurious to both. There are , causes in the human breast which insure the per-petuity'of religion without the aid of law.' "In his letter to Governor Livingstone, July 10, 1822, he says: 'I observe with particular pleas-ure the view you have taken of the immunity of religion from civil government; in every case where it does not trespass on private rights or the public peace. This has always been a favorite doctrine with me.' "I have made this opinion exceptionally and laboriously long. I have done so in the hope that ,I might thereby aid in bringing about a harmony of views, and the fraternity of feeling between different classes of society; who have a , common interest in the great public institution of the State, which, if managed as sensible men ought to manage it, I have no doubt will be a principal instrumentality in working out for us What all, desire,Šthe best form of government and the purest system of religion." Decision rendered December, 1872. They Subvert th-e 'Gospel. THE Christian Statesman of August 22 con-tains an extract from one Dr. Bellville on "The Change of the Sabbath, " which shows again how completely the imbibing of National Reform ideas tends to wipe out what knowledge of the true gospel of Christ one may already have. The writer says:Š " Expositors are of the opinion that the 118th psalm is a direct prediction that the day of Christ's resurrection was to be the day on which the Sabbath should be kept under the gospel dispensation ; and if it does, the first day is established beyond a doubt. The fourteenth verse of this psalm reads : ' The Lord is my strength and song, and is become my salvation.' Now, this fact was accomplished when Christ arose from the dead; for Christ never became the salvation of the world until the resurrection. " This will be news to thousands of Bible stu-dents. If Christ was not the salvation of the world, until the ,resurrectiOn, then one of two things must be true,Šeither there was no salva-tion for anybody until after the resurrection, or else there was another Saviour besides Christ. That the first of these is not true may be proved by any child that has read the Old Testament; for, aside from the many passageg which show the writers to have a full knowledge of saving grace, we have the recorded fact that Elijah and Enoch were taken bodily to heaven. These two instances prove that there was salvation for man-kind before the resurrection. And that the second position is not true is proved by the words of Peter, who said that besides the name "'of Jesus there is no other name under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved. Yet in order to have a show of authority for Sun-day observance, and thereby to have a still fur-ther show of authority for Sunday legislation, Sunday advocates boldly deny the fundamental principles of the gospel. The more one studies this so-called National Reform movement, the more he will he convinced that it is the most subtle scheme for the under-mining of Christianity that Satan ever invented. While National Reform Sunday-law advocates are ,making wholesale charges of atheism against those who differ with them, we should like to see them show some indication of a knowledge on their part of what Christianity is: All the avowed infidels that the world has known, from Celsus to IngerSoll, have not done so much against the Christian religion as the National Reformers are doing. E.. T. W. Sunday-Law Petitions. IT may be surprising to those unacquainted with the proceedings of the National Reform party, to witness the rapidity with which num-bers can be added to the list of petitioners for the passage of a Sunday-Rest law, under the supervision of W. F. Crafts, field secretary of the American Sabbath Union. At the close of an address delivered by him in the lecture-room of the First Baptist Church of St. Paul, Minn., September 29, he called for all who desired to express themselves in favor of the passage of a Sunday-Rest law, to make it manifest by rising. No sooner had part of the audience risen than the pastor, without taking the trouble to count, declared the number standing to be two hundred. Mr. Crafts allowed this to pass without entering a word of protest, and it therefore evidently met his approval. The pastor said he had counted, the chairs in the morning. Knowing the number of chairs, he considered himself prepared to decide at a glance, with sufficient accuracy, as to the number to be added to the list of petitioners of those favoring the passage of a Sunday-Rest bill. Such guess-work would not be allowable in ordinary business petitions, but this movement seems to be a very prolific movement in easy and quick methods in the petition work. R. C. PORTER. Box 1058, Minneapolis, Minn. Professor Wilder's Lectures. PROFESSOR H. A. WILDER, of Spokane Falls, Ł lectured on Monday and Tuesday evenings in this city to fair audiences, his subject being " Civil Government and Religion." The fact of his lectures being given in the church led us to believe that he was an advocate of the Blair Sunday bill and favored the move on foot look-ing to the union" of Church and State. We were agreeably surprised to find that his ideas are ex-' actly the reverse of this. While a Christian, he opposes any union of Church and State, or the passage of stringent Sunday laws, maintaining that no authority for such can be found in the Bible or the experience of successful civil govern-ments. He thinks that no man can be made religious by force, and holds that it is the idea of Protestantism to persuade and appeal to the moral nature of men, consequently it can have no affiliation with Catholicism, which would set ecclesiastical authority above the civil, and bring force to bear where persuasion fails. The Professor is a fluent and pleasant speaker, and we regret that our limited time and space for-bid a more extended notice of his lectures. We trust he will favor us again in the future.Š Oregoi't Scout, September 19, 1889. 4 -Ł The International Sunday Congress. IT is known that there exists an international federation for Sunday-keeping, having its head-quarters at Geneva. This society sums up as follows its object, which "has been and will re-main the same:" "To remind everyone of this declaration of the Holy Scriptures, ' Remember the Sabbath-day to keep it holy.' " With the object of giving its work a new im-petus, the federation organized, in Paris, under the patronage of the French Government, an, in-ternational congresS for the weekly rest from the hygienic and social standpoint. This congress 