18 THE _AMERICAN SENTINEL. declares just what ought to be an inhibi-tion upon all the States. There is a ques-tion whether the States are not already forbidden to do this under the Fourteenth Amendment, but if it Abe not certainly de-. cided there, such an amendment as the first ,section of this resolution should be adopted as a part of the Constitution of the United States. Then the States would stand upon the same level as the Government of the United States. If this were once done, and then the legislation, both State and Na-tional, were kept in harmony with the Constitutional provisions, then religious liberty in this country would be perfect, as it ought to be. But unfortunately for that measure in this resolution, its whole value is nullified by sections 2 and 3 of the same resolution. Although section 1 distinctly says that no State shall ever make or maintain any law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, yet section 2 just as distinctly says, that each State in this Union shall establish and maintain a system of free public schools, in which there shall be taught the knowl-edge of the principles of Christianity. Now the only way in which any State can establish and maintain anything, is by law. Therefore, if the matter stops with the second section, each State in the Union would be required, by section 2, to do what, by section 1, it is distinctly forbidden to do. But to prevent this contradiction in the terms of the resolution, section 3 comes in and declares that "the United States shall guaranty to every State, and to the people of every State, and of the United States, the support and maintenance of such a system of free public schools as is herein provided." By this, it appears, that although no State can select for itself any religion that might suit it best and make and maintain laws respecting the estab-lishment of that religion, the United States will select the religion for all the States, and then require that each State shall es-tablish and maintain that religion. None of the people of the States are supposed to be capable of deciding this question for themselves, but a majority of three-fourths of the States are considered capable of de-ciding it for themselves and for all the others. Education would thus become a national matter, and would no more be sub-ject to State control. This amendment, then, would nullify that part of Article VI of the Constitution which declares that no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office of public trust under this Government. Because, accord-ing to this amendment, a religious test would necessarily have to be required as a qualification to the office of public school teacher, everywhere in the United States. But the leading question of all to be de-cided, if this resolution should be adopted, is, What are the non-sectarian principles of Christianity ? Granting the assumption of the resolution that such _a distinction  exists, 'the question then is, How shall the United States Government discover just what they are? Christianity is represented in the United States by probably a hun-dred different denominations. Each one of these holds to something different from all the others, which makes it the particular denomination it is. No one of these, therefore, can be taken as represent-ing the non-sectarian principles of Chris-tianity. Therefore, the only course to be pursued by which the United States Gov-ernment can find out what are the non-sectarian principles of Christianity, is, by a general concensus of the principles of Christianity as held by all of the denomina-tions in which Christianity is represented in the United States. This could not be secured by an examination of the creeds of the different denominations, because the leading denominations themselves do not agree upon their own creeds. There would be no remedy, therefore, other than to call a general convention of all the denomina-tions of the United States to discover what principles of the Christian religion are held in common by all and are therefore non-sectarian in this country. This is the idea of the author of the resolution, as stated in a letter to the secretary of the National Reform Association, December, 1888. He said :Š I believe that a text book of instruction, in the principles of virtue, morality, and of the Christian religion, can be prepared for use in the public schools by the joint effort of those who represent every branch of the Christian Church, both Protestant and Catholic, and also those who are not actively associ-ated with either. Let such a general convention of the representatives of Christianity in the United States be called; let the principles of Christianity which they should agree are non-sectarian, be formulated; that would be a national creed. Then let the United States Government adopt that creed and enforce it as a part of the instruc-tion in all the schools of the nation, and that would be nothing less than the estab-lishment of a national religion. All the children of the country from six to sixteen years of age would then have to receive that as Christianity, and so would have to receive their religion from the State. Nor would it stop with the children, be-cause the probabilities are that in a national creed there would be some things, if not many, that would not be Christian princi-ples at all. The parents who are Christians and who desire that their children shall be Christians would soon discover this and when their children were taught in the schools those things which are not accord-ing to Christianity, the parent would at once tell the child that he had been falsely instructed, that such was not Christianity; and could read directly from the Bible to show that it was not Christianity. This at once would bring on a controversy be-tween the United States Government and the parents of the children. The question then would be, whether the Government  would allow its authority to be directly opposed, and its purpose to be frus-trated in its task of inculcating the principles of Christianity on the minds of the youth in this country. If the Gov-ernment should yield and allow the par-ents out of school to undo what the Gov-ernment has done in school, then the Government might as well stop before it begins ; for if one parent can do this they can all do it. On the other hand, if the Government insists upon teaching the child religiously, what the parent does not want that child taught, then the parent will take his child out of school and keep him out of school. And if that shall be allowed, the Government will be no better off in the work of securing general educa-tion that it is now. But as section 3 pledges the power of the United States to the support and main-tenance of such a system of public schools, and as section 4 empowers Congress to en-force the provisions of the whole resolution by legislation when necessary, it is not to be supposed that in the controversy the Government will yield to the parent. If, therefore, the Government hold on its course, compulsory attendance at the pub-lic schools would have to be the next step; and the next step after that would be to prohibit the parents from teaching the children out of school that which is con-tradictory to what the Government has taught in school. Thus it is clearly seen that to say that under such an amendment as this, all the ehildrthl, of the country will have to receive their religion from the Government does not fully state the case by any means. The truth is, that under it, all the people of the United States will have to receive their religion from the Government. What the Government should say the principles of Christianity are, that would have to be received as Christianity. There could be no appeal. The Government makes itself supreme in all things, steps in between the parent and child, and so lands itself at once into downright paganism under the garb of the Christian name. Nor is this all. It could not be certainly known for more than two years at a time what the principles of Christianity were that should be received from the Govern-ment. Because in the general convention of all the denominations that would have to be called at the first to discover what are the non-sectarian principles of Chris-tianity, it would be to the interest, as well as the bounden duty, of .each denomination to get just as many of the principles of that denomination into the creed 'as possi-ble. No one denomination could get all its principles recognized for that would,  make the creed sectarian; consequently each one striving to get in all it could, the result would be a compromise, with the hope by some future effort to succeed in getting more of their principles into the creed, With the creed once formulated, 