684 AMERICAN SENTINEL:. "A Man's Heart Given Unto It." "WELL, where did we leave,off, Charlie?" "In our last talk, mama, we had come to the place where the three Hebrews were delivered out of the fur-nace, because God wanted to show Nebuchadnezzar that he had no business to interfere with men's religious rights." "What symbols had we explained?" "The lion and the eagle's wings." "Yes, I remember now what I was going to say to you about the deliverance. David says, Thou hast de-livered me out of the mouth of the lion.' In another place in the Bible, it says that Satan is going about like a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour. You can easily see, then, who it is that influences men to turn the powers ordained of God for the protection of men in their rights, into that beast-like power that denies and then defrauds men of their rights. Behind this lion-like king-dom was the spirit of the lion who has ever shown a beast-like enmity against those who would keep the com-mandments of God." "I see," said Charlie; "now the next thing is that the lion was lifted up like a man, and a man's heart was given unto it." "Before we go into that part of the prophecy, let us see what God had foretold in regard to this kingdom. Turn to Isaiah 13 and read from the 17th verse." Charlie read: " 'Behold, I will stir up the Medes against them, which shall not regard silver; and as for gold, they shall not delight in it. . . . And Babylon, the glory of kingdoms, the beauty of the Chaldee's excellency, shall be as when God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah. It shall never be inhabited; . . . and the wild beasts of the islands shall cry in their desolate houses.'" "You see it was to be entirely overthrown, to be the haunt of wild beasts, and never to be rebuilt." "What, that great and beautiful city?" "Yes; its destruction was foretold nearly two hundred years before it was taken by the Medes and Persians. Moreover, the very name of the general who was to take it, was written by the hand of the prophet long before his birth." "0 mama, tell me quick where I can find that; for I have been reading about that general. Just to think of his name being in the Bible before he was born." "Forty-fifth of Isaiah, begin at the first verse." Charlie read: " Thus saith the Lord to his anointed, to Cyrus, whose right hand I have holden, to subdue na-tions before him; and I will loose the loins of kings, to open before him the two-leaved gates; and the gates shall not be shut.'" "Why, mama, it is really wonderful the way God has foretold everything, and yet God is God, of course, and knows the end from the beginning. It was just that way, mama." "Now, knowing these prophecies as to its overthrow,  let us study some of the causes that made such a result unavoidable. Babylon was represented as a lion with eagle's wings in the reign of Nebuchadnezzar, and the his-tory of its conquests that brought many nations into captivity shows that the symbol is fitting. But in Bel-shazzar's reign (and his name means Bel's or Baal's prince), the kingdom underwent a change that might well be represented by the man and the man's heart. You notice first that the wings were plucked. Its power of conquest was gone. Rich and increased with goods, Bel-shazzar gave himself up to luxury, feasting, and pleasure-seeking. The god he worshiped demanded all this, for it was Baal; and Baal, after all, is only a god made like corruptible man. This god was self, as we have before explained, so the king and his lords of whom he had ten thousand, with their wives and concubines, reveled in pleasure. You know any individual that takes this course becomes weak, and so with a state; and so Baby-lon that had been the fear and majesty of kingdoms, now shows only the weakness and heart of a man. And now, Charlie, what have you found out in regard to its over-throw?" "Why, mama, war began in the last year of Nehu-chadnezzar's life, and continued till the overthrow in 338. The Medes began the war, then they called to their aid the Persians, under Cyrus. He was a wonderful man, and a great general. The Babylonians were driven from one stronghold to another, till finally they were shut up in the great city. Belshazzar and his people felt secure within their great walls and gates. They laughed and mocked at Cyrus as he dug trenches about the city. I believe it says he encamped a whole year without any show of success. The people in the city had food laid up for twenty years, and plenty of ground to cultivate, and they became very careless and reckless. Some one says that Belshazzar called the great feast we read about in the fifth of Daniel, to praise his gods because Isaiah's prophecy had not been fulfilled. You know that while they were feasting, the fingers of, a man's hand wrote that he was found wanting, and that his kingdom was given to the Medes and Persians." "While all this was going on, Cyrus had turned the Euphrates from its course into a lake; and as the water ran down, his armies marched under the walls up the bed of the river, and there they found the river gates open, just as the prophet had said. I suppose while the hand was writing, the soldiers were marching up the streets unhindered, and the trembling king and his lords became an easy prey; for it says in that night was Belshazzar slain, and Darius the Mede took the kingdom." "You have told it very well, Charlie. The fulfilment of the prophecy in regard to its utter destruction, runs through some hundreds of years, but we know to-day that it is an utter ruin. Men have unearthed the ruins, and have in this century found some valuable tablets confirming the Bible history of Belshazzar's feast. Baby-lon reaped its own sowing. It failed to protect men in the exercise of their rights, failed to protect itself against 