92 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. answer that there can be is, They are. There is not a word in the commandment that is not of common use. Then the judges have no al-ternative, the words are to be taken in their natural, plain, obvious, and ordinary significa-tion and import. The Hon. John A. Bingham was appointed by the House of Representatives, to conduct the impeachment of President Johnson. In the course of that trial Mr. Bingham stated this rule of law:Š " When words are plain in a written law, there is an end to all construction. They must be followed." The words of the fourth commandment, be-ing of common use, must be plain. Then the court is allowed no latitude for construction, it must follow the plain words of the statute. What is the purpose of the fourth command-ment? It is to secure the keeping of the Sab-bath-day. For the first sentence is, "Remem-ber the Sabbath-day, to keep it holy." But what day is the Sabbath-day ? The command-ment itself tells: " The seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord thy God." Remember that we are asking these questions simply from the standpoint of law, and not of theology. We are simply examining it as it will have to be examined should the National Reform move-ment succeed. These are the very questions that the judges of the Supreme Court will have to ask. And if they are to follow the rules of law, and the words of the then Constitution, these are the very answers that they will have to make. The judges must follow the words of the statute. As jurists they can do nothing else. Therefore if the court be left to itself and to the principles and rules of civil law, as every-body knows that Saturday is the seventh day, it follows inevitably that as surely as the Na-tional Reform movement succeeds, everybody in these United States will have to KEEP SATURDAY FOR THE SABBATH. But is that what the National Reformers de-sire to accomplish ? Is that what they are aim-ing at? No, indeed, not they! For the court is not to be left to itself and to the rules of civil law. Such a decision as that, the National Re-formers never will allow. And right here is where their hierarchy comes in. Here is where they appear as the "interpreters of Scripture" on "all questions of morals." Here is the point at which they step in with their "final decis-ions." For as soon as such an interpretation as that is proposed, they will assert that that is not the correct interpretation. They will say that the rules of civil law do not apply in the interpretation of a religious statute; that this is a theological question and it must be decided by theological definitions. They will say that the unanimous verdict of the theological world on this question is that the expression "seventh day" in the fourth commandment does not mean the definite seventh day of the week, but " one day in seven," " one day of rest after six days of work; " that in the Jewish dispensation the day kept was Saturday, but in the Christian dispensation the first day of the week is the Christian Sabbath, that it is in fact the distinct-ive badge of Christianity; that this has been by Constitutional amendment declared to be a  Christian nation, and as this commandment is a part of the Constitution, it must be interpreted by the rules of Christian theology. Can there be any doubt as to which way the question will be decided? Not the least. It will have to be decided in favor of the prevalent Christianity, and the " Christian Sabbath" will thus be declared to be the Sabbath in this Gov-ernment. But by whom is the question de-cided? by whom is the final decision made? Not by the judges but by the theologians. Not by the court but by "the leaders and teachers in our churches." And that is nothing else than the rule of a hierarchy. Here, and by this, we are brought face to face with another important considerationŠin fact, the culmination of National Reform pur-poses and aims. It is this: As all these ques-tions are to be decided not as questions of law, but of theology; and as "the leaders and teach-ers" in the churches are to be the interpreters on moral and theological points; it follows that the success of the National Reform movement will be the destruction of all distinction between law and theology, between civil and religious affairs. All the courts of the land will beŠnot courts of law butŠcourts of theology; and every question of Government and of life will become a theological question, subject to the supervision and the "final decision " of these "leaders and teachers " in the churches. All of which will be but to turn this Government into a man-made theocracy, with the leaders of National Reform in the seat of God. In short, it will be but a new form of the Papacy under the title of National Reform. Even when this question of the Sabbath is decided, we do not believe that all the Seventh-day Baptists, and all the Seventh-day Advent-ists, and all the Jews in the country, are going to accept and conform to the decision without coercion. But coercion will be persecution, while if there is no coercion the Reformed Con-stitution will be set at defiance, and all the work of the National Reformers will be in vain. But as we are not to suppose for a moment that they are working in vain, it follows that the success of National Reform will certainly bring persecution. But that is only to carry out the spirit of the Papacy. If these people who do not want to keep Sun-day should all set themselves to work together to obtain an amendment to the Constitution, by which they could and would, under pains and penalties, compel all persons in the United States to keep Saturday and submit to their "interpre-tation " and " final decision " upon all questions of Scripture and morals, the National Reformers would at once pronounce it an invasion of hu-man right and religious libertyŠin short, they would pronounce it an infamous proceeding. And so should we. Therefore when the Na-tional Reformers deliberately propose to do this very thing, only putting Sunday instead of Saturday in the law, and bend every element to its accomplishment, then we do likewise pro-nounce that an infamous proceeding. And so should every one who has any regard for human right and liberty of conscience. If there be any such thing as logical deduc-tions from clear statements, we believe that we  have fulfilled our promise to show that the suc-cess of the National Reform movement will be the establishment of an absolute hierarchy in this Nation. A. T. J. National Reform vs. the Kingdom of Christ. WE notice in the Christian Instructor of Sep-tember 30, an exposition of the International Sunday-school lesson for October 10, which is at variance with the avowed views of the In-structor on National Reform. The Instructor, we are sorry to say, belongs to the ministerial corps that has in all ages labored for a form of civil government founded on persecuting prin-ciples. The exposition to which we refer is on John 18 : 36: " Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world." The expositor remarks, "This is an avowal by Christ that he is a king, but it is an intima-tion also that he does not claim to be a king in the sense in which the Jews charged him. Yet it is of such a nature that Pilate in his igno-rance of spiritual things would not understand what was meant by the statement 'that it was not of this world;' hence he added,'If my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight that I should not be delivered to the Jews.' " The expositor remarks, "It is not, like other kingdoms, established and upheld by the power of officers and soldiers. . . . As it is a spir-itual kingdom so it is maintained and propa-gated not by carnal weapons but by spiritual weapons. Its life and strength are in its prin-ciples and not in its material force." Very good, and yet the Instructor is laboring to have the Nation to declare in the Constitu-tion that Jesus Christ is mediatorial rider of the Nation, and to support that rule with the mili-tary power of the Government. The Instructor in the exposition referred to, declares that the kingdom of which Christ spoke is not to be en-forced by the "power of officers and soldiers," and yet labors for that very purpose. The kingdom that Christ set up he declared was not one for which be would summon his "servants to fight," yet the Instructor and the National Reformers would call to the support of this kingdom all the bayonets of this mighty Nation. When Peter in the madness of his na-tional reform zeal drew his sword in the defense of the kingdom of Christ, this glorious spiritual King commanded Peter to sheathe his sword. He would not permit the shedding of a single drop of blood in the support of his kingdom, and healed by a miracle the wound inflicted by Peter. But the Instructor and the National Reformers generally, propose to establish in this Nation the kingdom of Christ, by the whole mighty power of this Government; and as they themselves avow, at the expense of as much -if not more blood, if necessary, than was shed for the de-struction of slavery. If the Constitution of the United States is amended as these Covenanters desire, a viola-tion of the proposed amendment would require the summoning of the whole military power of the Government. When the South sought to overthrow the Constitution, two millions of men marched to sustain it. It is this same force the 