Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł :BULLETS: Size of Ł Picture, , Ł x3; in. ŁWeight of Ł Camera ' Ł Ł 21 OZ. Ł Roll film cameras that hit the mark every do, Ł time. Repeaters too; shoot it times and can be Ł Reloaded in Daylight. Ł Ł The Bullet is fitted with our new auto- Ł matic shutter. One button does it allŠsets Ł and releases the shutter and changes from Ł time to instantaneous. Achromatic lens. Ł Handsome finish. Ł Illustrated Manual, free with every Ł instrument. Ł EASTrIAN KODAK CO. Ł Camera Catalogue Free. Rochester, N. Y. Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł $8.00 Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł JUNE 27, 1895. SIL.N ICICIVIEICao 207 SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS VS. MORMONISM. [From Dayton (Tenn.) Republican, June V.] Insome quarters the argument is advanced that Mormonism, which includes as its essen-tial featdre polygamy, is susceptible to all the arguments that may be advanced in favor of allowing the Seventh-day Baptists to worship on Sabbath or the seventh day of the week, and labor the remaining six days as they see fit. The Republican takes it that these two reli-gious denominations are as wide apart in the essential principle upon which they are founded as the antipodes, and that there can-not be the slightest parallelism between them. To begin with, the order of Seventh-day Baptists is founded upon the biblical com-mand to keep the seventh day holy. The authority is direct from the Bible itself, as any one may see by investigation; also this injunction is coupled with the command to labor the remaining six days, which is equally as mandatory and binding upon all true and obedient Christians. Moreover, the Advent-ists, as we will call them in brief, in practic-ing their belief, do,not place themselves out of harmony with any vital law of society. On the.  contrary, they are seeking to bring society and its laws into harmony with GodŁ and his laws.. The majority of the Christian world has repudiated the command of Jehovah as expressed through the Bible, and adopted in Stead the tradition of the Catholic Church, in observing the first instead of the last day of the week as the Sabbath. The Adventists are seeking to have the true Sabbath rein-stated. That Saturday is the Sabbath of the Bible the Christian world cannot deny without repudiating that book. So far, then, the Adventists have the best of the argument; and their faith and practice is gentle and persuasive in its character, and not calculated to produce any violent friction in society. In fact, no essential rule of society ,has been disturbed, and no natural or inherent right of man has been invaded. What criti-cism and disturbance we have over this essen-tially religious question is caused by the ultra-attitude of a few persons here and there, who unfortunately labor under the impression that society owes them a greater amount of consid-eration than their fellow-men, and who take advantage of a general Sunday law undoubt-edly designed with the sole thought to protect the community from the vicious and criminal element, to crush a rival religious organization that threatens to make encroachment upon their territory. On the other hand Mormonism is founded upon polygamy, which is a violation of both religious and civil rule and authority. The conjunction of male and female, as man and wife, the propagation of offspring in order to insure the perpetuity of the race, the growth of the family along with laws for the protec-tion of husband, wife and children, have been an entirely natural evolution; they relate wholly to this life, and are therefore properly the subject of human legislation. In all matters of secular government, the regulation of the civil relation of the various members of society, the State, that is to say, the aggregate members of society, is and should be supreme. The right of man to take to himself as many wives as he sees fit is Ł not a vested right, be-cause the State has laid down the law of single marriage, which is essential to the preserva-tion of society; on the contrary, the right to worship according to the dictates of conscience is a vested right, and is so declared by the great charter of human liberty framed by our forefathers. Ł But there is another element that is an im- portant factor in this question : The State must regulate marriage because in its very nature it affects not only those who enter into that rela-tion, but the entire community as well. Mar-riage imposes upon those who enter it certain obligations, and they must not be permitted to escape those responsibilities, for if they do the burden will fall upon others. To pro-tect the community from the imposition of this burden, the State rightly insists that marriage shall conform to the rules it lays down. It is therefore the right and the duty of the State to regulate the marriage contract; this it does for self-protection. This is not true of Sabbath-keeping; for one man's failure to keep the Sabbath does not deprive another of that privilege, neither does it burden the State. The conclusion is, that while polygamy is an invasion of natural rights, destructive of the very idea of civil government, the State has no right to assume to dictate to man upon questions that affect the spiritual relations between his Maker and himself. LOYAL TO RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. [From the Christian Register, Boston, June 13.1 THE Baptists, at their 'recent gathering at Saratoga, gave another proof of their loyalty to religious liberty for which they have been distinguished in their history. On the report that in some portions of the United States cit-izens who have conscientiously observed the seventh day for religious rest and worship, and engaged on the first day in labor which in no way disturbed others, have for this act been arrested, fined, imprisoned, and put upon the chaing-gang, they passed the,following :Š Resolved, That we most solemnly protest against the violation of the right of religious liberty for which our fathers have contended at the cost of imprisonment, and spoiling of their goods, and stripes, and exile, and even of life itself. Ł INTOLERANCE IN OHIO. THE Minerva (Ohio) News, of June 7, has the following note, which we presume has reference to Seventh-day Ad ventists, as there are a good many people of that faith in Ohio:Š It has come to the notice of the News that on a certain farm not far from Minerva fences and barns are repaired, machinery overhauled and work of this nature regularly carried on on Sunday just the same as other days. Such a despicable desecration of the Lord's day is indeed a shame upon the community, and if it is not stopped, the law will certainly take hold of the offenders and teach them a lesson of respect to God and their fellow-men. We would inform the News that it is en-tirely legal for observers of the seventh day to do ordinary labor upon the first day of the week; therefore, if the work complained of is done by Seventh-day Adventists, it is not a violation of the law. But suppose it is not done by observers of the seventh day, but by Primitive Baptists or by members of the Chris-tian or Disciple Church, who believe in no Sabbath in this dispensation, or by persons of no religion, would it be right to invoke the law against such persons any more than against Seventh-day Adventists, Seventh-day Baptists, or Jews ? Certainly not. And is not a law which provides for such discrimination even more plainly religious in character than is one which requires all, without exception, to observe Sunday as a day of rest ? It cer-tainly is. The News editor talks of a " despicable desecration of the Lord's day "; he ought to read the opinion of Judge Thurman, in the case of Bloom vs. Richards, December term  of the Supreme Court of Ohio, 1853. He would there learn that " the General Assembly of Ohio is not a guardian of the sanctity of any day. If it may protect the first day of the week from desecration because it is the Christian Sabbath, it may, in like manner, protect the sixth day because it is the holy day of the Mohammedan, and the seventh day, because it is the Sabbath of the Jew and the- Seventh-day Baptist. Nay, more, it may protect the various festival days which, by some of the churches, are considered scarcely less holy than the Sabbath day." Ł . THE CHRISTIAN SABBATH. A. F. BALLENGER, a Seventh-day Advent-ist, has written a reply to a series of articles published in the Baltimore Mirror on the observance of Sunday. He claims that all the Protestant sects have been influenced by the Catholic Church to observe Sunday instead of the Sabbath or Saturday. He is right. It is true that Protestants have bowed their plumes to the authority of the church in this matter. They are inconsistent, of course, for there is not a word in the Bible commanding the change from the Sabbath to Sunday. To be consistent with their principle of "the Bible and the Bible alone " they should keep Satur-day holy, as the Jews and the Seventh-day Adventists do.ŠPhiladelphia Times, quoted in Catholic Mirror, June 8. THERE has come to our table a neat card case bear-ing in gilt the figure of a dove and an olive branch, and underneath the words: " Silent Evangelism." In-side the case is an assortment of cards with pertinent questions and texts of scripture calculated to awaken an interest in spiritual things and to arouse the dor-mant conscience of the careless sinner. The plan is in brief as explained by its author : " The use of a series of superfine, round-cornered cards, of different tints, each elegantly printed in colors, and bearing a word of personal interest and sympathy and a verse of Scrip-ture appropriate to the condition of the person to whom you give it, which person is thereby pointed to Christ. You carry a supply of these cards in your pocket in a handy case provided with them, and give them out prayerfully, as occasion offers." Cards fifty cents per hundred in any quantity. A booklet giving full particulars can be had free by addressing, Silent Evangelism Association, Battle Creek, Mich. This as-sociation is undenominational and is under the manage-ment of Rev. R. R. Wightman. Abiding 'Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City, 