AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 391 the Great, the Mother of harlots and abominations of the earth" "is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habita-tion of devils and the hold of every foul spirit, and the cage of every unclean and hateful bird. For all nations have drunk of the wine of her fornication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her." The aged prophet had sufficient cause to marvel, as he beheld fallen churches, in the spotless name of Christ, playing the harlot with the kings of nations. What greater and more heaven-daring blasphemy could con-scienceless churches commit than to turn their back upon their risen Lord, and offer for sale their virtue in the courts of Christless kings? What presumption, what spirit-barren chaff, what an account to be settled in the day of the Lord! Is it not time for a loud cry to be sounded in their synagogues and there proclaim the call, "Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and receive not of her plagues, for her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquity." "Lift up thy voice with strength. Be not afraid, and say unto the cities of Judah, BEHOLD THY GOD." Altman, Col. Religious Union for Sunday Enforcement in Montana. BY C. T. SHAFFER. THE Sunday forces in Butte, Mont., have united in one organization for the purpose set forth in the follow-ing resolutions:Š "WHEREAS, This union of Young People's Christian societies of Butte, Mont., has been organized for aggres-sive work in furthering all agencies which tend to advance the cause of Christ, and "WHEREAS, We believe that the desecration of Sun-day as a rest day is antagonistic to this cause, and is be-coming more general, therefore, be it "Resolved, First, That we are opposed to all Sunday work on public contracts, and that we respectfully re-quest that all officials in authority who, as representa-tives of the people, have been allowing such Sunday work to be done, cause the same to be stopped; and that, in order to secure the cooperation in this matter of Chris-tians throughout the country, we suggest to each soci-ety in this union that it indorse these resolutions and secure their publication in the representative papers of its denomination; "And further, that we urge all Young People's socie-ties, to whose attention this matter shall be brought, to draft petitions in support of these resolutions and pre-sent same to the representatives of their respective sec-tions of the country; and "WHEREAS, We believe that the gathering of laundry, the calling for mail at the post office, the distributing of merchants' handbills and unnecessary work in stores on Sunday are ,examples of Sabbath-breaking in our own city; therefore, be it "Further- Resolved, That we are opposed to such work on the Sabbath, and that we urge all Christians, who have, perhaps, thoughtlessly been countenancing it to resolve with us to stop such work in our own cases, and to use our influence to have it stopped in that of others, especially by doing all our shopping between the hours of 8 A. M. and 6 P. M. on week days, so as not to oblige employes in stores to work Sundays on account of late evening shopping; and that we earnestly beg of the members of the Butte Ministers' Association that they all unite on some Sunday evening in the near future, preferably on Independence Sunday, July 2, in, consider-ing with their respective congregations the subject of Sabbath observance and desecration." The organization is composed of the young peoples' societies of the different denominations in Butte. Those represented are the Methodist Episcopal, Protestant Episcopal, Presbyterian, Christian, and Baptist. In reply to the question of who were accepted as "young people," Elder Tonge, of the Presbyterian Church, said, "all over seven and under seventy." The discussion on the resolutions was very animated and breathed a spirit of intense fervor and devotion. All the speakers in favor of the resolutions'were loudly applauded. The pastor of the First Baptist Church said in his speech that he was opposed to Sunday laws clos-ing the mines and places of business until they had a law closing saloons on Sunday; "for, said he, it is well known that holidays and rest days are harvest days for the saloons and brothels." Elder Tonge, of the South Butte Presbyterian Church, wanted Sunday laws for all the reasons that the others gave, and in addition the following: "I want a law that will stop Sunday street cars. Christian people in South Butte will come to the corner where my church stands and stand there to take a car to some other church up town. If there were no Sunday cars they would attend church nearer home." Sunday mails, open shops, newspapers, boys distrib-uting hand bills, clerks, builders, laundries, and all in-dustries in general, were attacked with the declaration that they would "pass from the book of resolutions to the book of acts." The weapon to be employed, should legislative enactment fail, is the boycott. This sugges-tion was greeted with tremendous applause. One young lady, a teacher in the public school here, had the nobility and courage to rise and rebuke the reso-lutions in a few well-chosen remarks. A man attempted to parry the force of her words by saying in defense of the resolution that it was not intended to dictate how one should "amuse himself on Sunday." Another man arose and told the people that he certainly was opposed to the desecration of the Lord's day but desired them "all to remember that the word Sabbath occurred in the Old Testament scriptures over seventy times, and in the New Testament scriptures over sixty times, and not in a single instance did the Lord apply the name to the first day of the week." The silence which followed his 