" Currupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JANUARY, 1889. NUMBER 1. Tir AnrPical2 3qth2e1. PIJELISHEI) MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGON4R, ALONzo T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS. J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. JONES. Entered at the Post-office in Oakland. POSITIVE enactments against irreligion, like positive enactments against fanaticism, pro-voke the evil which they were designed to prevent.ŠGeorge Bancroft. Ł 4. Tim Iowa :Woman's Christian Temperance Union, to its everlasting honor, has severed all connection with the political workings of the Na-tional Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and has given to the National Union the name of "The National Woman's Political Temper-ance Union." We heartily approve the action of the Iowa Union, and hope that the good work may go on until the National Woman's Political-Christian Temperance Union is de-stroyed or else the National Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union is brought to the point where it will do Christian work in a Christian way, and not in a political way. THE American Vedette complains, of a pas-sage in the August SENTINEL upon National Reform in the South. Well, Brother Vedette, we humbly make our apology for all in that which reflects upon the South. We said more than we should have said. We beg pardon. The SENTINEL never intends to be sectional in anything; but American and National, with a big N, in all things. The Vedette thinks that the basis of our remarks on that occasion was owing to "some noodle in Georgia or North Carolina, probably some experimental immigrant from the North, or some of our uneasy cranks who are never satisfied." The person who made the statement is Doctor Fitzgerald, of Nashville, editor of the Advocate, a religious paper there, and, a man of more than either local or State reputation; and he spoke for the South and pledged the South to National Reform, when he said that upon which we based our item. Yet we confess we wandered 'somewhat from the text.. Again we ask forgiveness, and we promise to stick to the text next time.' We do indeed hope that the South will repudiate ' all efforts to swing her into the line of the National Re-form wickedness. The Illinois Sunday Convention. THE first annual meeting of the Illinois Sunday Association was held in Farwell Hall, Chicago, November 20 and 21, 1888. This Association was organized at Elgin about the same-time last year. Of that meeting we gave an account at the time. This meeting was the genuine successor of that in every way. It was addressed by Doctors Mandeville, Ev-erts, Foster, Henson, and Herrick Johnson, of Chicago ; Doctor Knowles, of New Jersey, edi-tor of the Pearl of Days and secretary of the Na-tional Sunday Association; Dr. Wilbur F. Crafts, ,and Dr. John Hall, of New York; Mitchell, of Sycamore, Ill.; Post, of Springfield, Ill.; Mills, of Wheaton;-and Hon. J. C. Lord, of Elgin, Ill. The two points that were emphasized above all others throughout the Convention were : (1) Christians do not keep Sunday as they ought ; and (2) other people do not go to 'church as they ought. First : In the first speech that was made, even in the opening exercises, it was said: "We remember the corporations; the great rail-roads which compel their men to work and so to desecrate the holy day. But we remem-ber that back of the officers of the companies are the stockholders who belong to the churches, sit in the pews, and bow down and pray in the house of GodŠthese are equally guilty." If, then, the railroads compel their men to desecrate the day, and the owners of the rail-roads are church-members, then who is it but the church-members that are compelling people to desecrate the day ? Doctor Knowles said that by the influence of William E. Dodge, even. after his death, the Delaware and Lackawanna Railroad Company had resisted the temptation to run trains on Sunday until the present year. But five hun-dred ministers met in conference in New York and used competing lines on Sunday, and by this the hands of the Sunday Observance Com-mittee have been tied ever since. After that when the Delaware and Lackawanna directors were asked not to run Sunday trains, they re-plied, "How can you come to us pleading for us to run no trains on Sunday, when your preach-ers by the hundreds, on Sunday, use our rival lines, which do run on Sunday. If yolar preachers ride on Sunday trains on other roads, we cannot see" why they and other peo-ple cannot ride on our trains on Sunday. And if it is all right for these other roads to run trains on Sunday, and certainly ministers of the gospel would not ride on them if it were wrong, then we cannot see how it can be such a great wrong for ns to run Sunday trains." That is a very proper answer. No wonder the Sunday Committee's hands are tied by it. And yet that very conference of five hundred preachers, assembled in New York last sum-mer, took the first decided step toward the organization of the National Sunday Associa-tion, of which Doctor Knowles himself is sec-retary. Another speaker, whose name I did not get, said that not long ago a railroad president said to him, "We get more requests for Sun-day trains signed by preachers than we do from other people." By these facts there is presented the follow-ing condition of things: (1) Church-members own the railroads; (2) preachers sign re-quests for Sunday trains; (3) the church-members grant the request of the preachers for-  Sunday trains, and the preachers ride on the Sunday trains, and other church-members go on Sunday excursions; (4) then the whole companyŠpreachers and church-membersŠtogether petition Congress and the State Legislatures to make a law stopping all Sunday trains! That is to say, they want the Legislatures, State and National, to compel these railroad-owning church-members not to grant the request of the preachers for Sun-day trains. In other words, they want the civil power to compel them allŠpreachers and church-membersŠto act as they all say that Christians ought to act. -And they insist upon quoting all the time the commandment of God, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." But if they will not obey the com-mandment of God, which they themselves ac-knowledge and quote, what assurance have we that They will obey the law of Congress or State Legislature when they get it, espe-cially as it will rest entirely with themselves to see that the law is enforced? Will they com-pel themselves by civil law to do what they themselves will not otherwise do? Second : In complaint that people do not go to church, Doctor Crafts said : " The post-office is open at the very hour of church, and a man, must choose betweon going to church and going to the post-office to get his mail." And in the Association's address to th;pub-lic it is said : "At this rate the time will come when our wage-workers will have to work seven days in a week, and the churches will be deserted. But let a law be enacted in favor of the Sabbath, and it will give back to hundreds their day of rest, and to the churches tens of thousands of attendants." Dr. Herrick Johnson delivered an intense Philippic against the Sunday newspaper; _He EDITORS. 