APRIL 2T, 18.93. Aminnt CAN ni.N-Prii[Ni.lru. 133 church in her subsequent councils adopted it. At the Reformation the Protestants carried it off, along with many other good things; but the Sun-day of Luther's time and the Sunday the puritani-cal among us seek to enforce, are two very dif-ferent things. The church is in favor of the largest measure of liberty at all times, and when it comes to a question between the classes and the masses it is not probable that she will alter her course. The law being of her own making, rather than see the masses op-pressed by the classes, she will doubtless abrogate her law. Sunday was made by the church a day of rest and devotion, and she requires her children to fulfill their duties on that day. When these du-ties have been attended to, the remainder of the day is properly used for recreation. While they have made sufficient clamor for mil-lions, I believe the proportion of bigots is really small. The best way to ascertain the real feeling of the country on the subject would be to take a plebiscitum, if such a thing were possible. There is the suggestion. Now let some man of affairs provide the machinery for carrying it out. In conclusion, I wish to say that the position of coercion taken by so many of the Protestant clergy Šthe position that although they are admittedly in a hopeless minority of all the people of these United States they would compel all the rest of us to accept their Sunday dogmas by recourse to law and other methodsŠis a grievous departure from their old battle cry of civil and religious liberty. Rabbi Emil G. Hirsch said that this movement was a legitimate and logical outcome of the congressional action to close the Fair on Sunday in obedience to the demand of a religious minority. The Rabbi did not think the grounds would be closed to all in any event, but, as in the case of the Centennial at Philadelphia, thousands of the favored classes would be permitted to enter. He thought it ridicu-lous that such a minority should rule in this matter, and cited the Paris Exposi-tion, where with three hundred thousand people on the grounds Sundays perfect order and decorum were maintained. Most of the clergymen interviewed, however, were uncompromisingly opposed to the course of the Central Labor Union, among these was the Rev. Frederick A. Noble, pastor of the Union Park Congre- gational Church, who, in answer to the first question, said:Š I do not at all agree with the stand labor is taking. Divine law requires the observance of that day and society has adjusted itself to its rec-ognition. Any attempt to shift the day would be an attempt to evade the commandment. "If Sunday observance as you advocate it is con-sidered oppressive by a majority of all the people, would you still enforce it ?" Exactly as I would enforce the law in any other respect. The Supreme Court has declared this bo be a Christian country, and the foundations of the country were laid in Christian truth. Vast ex-penditures of time and money have been made to build up our institutions, and we owe it to the fathers to preserve those institutions as we have received themŠjust as we must preserve our lib-erty. There are many in Europe and the Old World in general who don't believe in liberty, but we believe in it, and are bound to maintain free insqtutions and our civil liberty. This cry is for license, not liberty, and it comes from the large foreign element of our population which began to come in on us like a flood about forty years ago. These people have obtained altogether too much voice in our affairs, and they are the ones who are endeavoring to secularize the Sabbath-day which we are commanded to keep holy. The Rev. William Fawcett was seen and the same question asked. He said:Š Such a course as to turn Sunday into a working day on any excuse would be anarchistical, because it would be in direct violation of the State law. Congress decided, further, that the Fair should remain closed on Sunday. Congress did n't dare to do anything else, not only because of the Sunday law of Illinois, but that course was demanded by the entire country, irrespective of the churches. A friend of mine who is a congressman told me that Congress did not dare to do otherwise than order the Fair closed, on account of the petitions presented. Those petitions poured in from all over the country, and were signed by all classesŠmen of no religion, laborers, profeŁRsioen I men, church-goers, and even people who had net been inside a church for years. The working people, or at least some of them, claim that they can't see the Fair on week days on account of the expense. I have no sympathy with their talk. They can pour out by the thousands on Sunday to ball games, theaters, and picnics, and spend their fifty cents or a dollar, often more. Let them add an hour, or an hour and a half, to their working day five days in the week, and then take Saturday off to see the Fair. That will give them Sunday to rest. The Rev. Dr. Withrow, pastor of the Third Presbyterian Church, was asked, " Would you compel others to observe Sunday in your way ?" and replied :Š Never! I believe in the fullest religious and civil liberty. But neither civil nor religious liberty means lawlessness on the part of any portion of the community. There is a Sabbath-observance law on the statute books of this and most of the other States, and the Supreme Court has lately recog-nized the Christian Sabbath. Sunday observance is the law of the land, and that law must be en-forced the same as any other law. Anything less than that would be anarchy. It is apparent that the contradiction in-volved in this answer was entirely unrec-ognized by the reverend gentleinan.. Ł There is much food for thought in these inter-views. For Conscience' Sake. W. DUCE, a Seventh-day Adventist, of Los Angeles, was fined five dollars for re-fusing to appear as a witness in court. He refused to pay the fine and was sent to jail. He said he hated to offend Judge Bartholomew, but he would linger in jail for an indefinite period before he would offend the Judge of the universe by at-tending to any business on Saturday. We commend Mr. Duce for daring to stand by his conscience in this matter, even though it was against the court. Now the question arises, could Judge Bar-tholomew impose such punishment upon Mr. Duce? Will the law, to say nothing of justice, bear him out in this act ? Man's dealings with, and obligations to, his fellow-man may be thus tampered or interfered with, but when it comes to the matter of a man's duty to his Maker, as he sees it, it is another and different thing. We do not propose to try to ride any man's hobby, on any line, but such things as we have above referred to seem unfair and unjust, to say the least.----Call, Nor-walk, Cal. Under Obligation to Persecute. AN editorial writer in the Christian Statesman asks, " After the Victories, What ?" and proceeds to answer his ques-tion thus :Š Christians have been too timid in invoking the aid of the civil law in protecting the Sabbath against the open and gross violation of its claims. It is a part of the law of the land. It is an essen-tial element in every government over men. The law of the Sabbath is the central commandment in the Decalogue. And there is not a command in the divine code more vital to human welfare than that of the Sabbath. It is one of those God-given rights which government is bound to secure to men. The protection of the Sabbath, in its civil claim, is, therefore, one of the plainest functions in civil government. But how slow have the Christian citizens of this land been to invoke the authority of the civil law against the bold and even defiant desecrations of the day. This has given the transgressors immunity in their wicked work. Learning by experience that the violation-of any other precept of the D:calogue incurs cer-tain penalty, but that the violation of the law of the Sabbath meets with scarce a protest from the better classes of the community, and is almost certain of immunity from the penalty of the law, the Sabbath desecrator becomes bold in his work. The lessons of the past few months ought to be sufficient to convince the most unwilling mind that the civil law has an important and imperative obligation toward the Sabbath. And if the SAb- bath is to hold a place among the beneficent insti tutions of this land, Christians must learn that they have an imperative obligation toward the maintenance and enforcement of the civil law of the Sabbath. Such expressions as these are positive evidence of the religious prosecutions and persecutions which are to come. Timid-ity in invoking the civil law for the en-forcement of Sunday observance will not exist much longer. The sentiment is gaining ground rapidly that the imper-ative obligation to persecute is incumbent upon all professors of the accepted form of religion which has received govern-mental sanction. -41, Ł  Religious Persecution in Maryland. SOMETHING over a year ago the village of Rock Hall, Kent County, Maryland, was invaded by two Seventh-day Advent-ist preachers, who went there -on the urgent invitation of a resident of that place who had become interested in their doctrines in Washington City. They secured a hall and commenced a series of meetings which continued several weeks and resulted in the organization of a church of over eighty members. Many of these had, prier to this time, made no profession of religion, and some of them had been more or less addicted to pro-fanity and to the use of intoxicating liquors. But in those who fully accepted the doctrines of the Adventists the moral reform was complete; profane, drinking men became, in a few weeks, sober, pray-ing men; their temperance principles leading them to abandon not only liquors, but tobacco and other more or less hurt-ful narcotics and stimulants. There were already in Rock Hall three churchesŠProtestant Methodist, Method-ist Episcopal and Roman Catholic. The Catholics took but little notice of the in-roads made in the neighborhood by the Adventists, but the Methodists manifested more or less hostility to the " strange doc-trine," and to those who embraced it. This was specially true of the Methodist Episcopal pastor. This may have been due in a measure to the fact that his con-gregation was somewhat reduced by the coming of the Adventists and that his salary suffered a corresponding reduction. The man who had been largely instru-mental in bringing the Adventist preach-ers to Rock Hall, in the first place, had formerly been a member of the Protestant Methodist Church. It is a tenet of the Adventist faith that the seventh and not the first day of the week is the divinely ordained Sabbath, and their practice is in keeping with their faith; they religiously observe the twenty-four hours from the going down of the sun on Friday until sunset on Saturday, and, of course, re-gard and treat Sunday, the first day of the week, as they do the other five days intervening between that and the seventh dayŠthat is, having rested the " Sabbath day according to the commandment " (Luke 23:56 and 24:1) they do ordinary labor or business on Sunday, just as other people are accustomed to do on Monday. It was this fact that gave the Methodist minister at Rock Hall the desired oppor-tunity to at once annoy the Adventists and " get even " with one whom he re-garded as an apostate from the true faith. One Sunday, last November, the oppor-tunity came. It was quarterly meeting Sunday in that charge and the pastor and his presiding elder were on their way to a 