76 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. pastoral letter of May, 1783, published their joy that "the rights of conscience are inalien-ably secured and interwoven with the very Con-stitutions of the several States." Religion was become avowedly the attribute of man and not of a corporation. In the earliest States known to history, government and religion were one and indivisible. Each State had its special deity, and of these protectors one after another might be overthrown in battle, never to rise again. 'The Peloponnesian war grew out of a strife about an oracle. Rome, as it sometimes adopted into citizenship those whom it van-quished, introduced in like manner, and with good logic for that day, the worship of their gods. No one thought of vindicating religion for the conscience of the individual till a voice in Judea, breaking day for the greatest epoch in the life of humanity by establishing a pure, spiritual, and universal religion for all mankind, enjoined to render to Cesar only that which is °tomes. The rule was upheld during the in-fancy of the gospel for all men. No sooner was this religion adopted by the chief of the Roman Empire, than it was shorn of its character of universality and enthralled by an unholy con-nection with the unholy State; and so it contin-ued till the new nationŠthe least defiled with the barren scoffings of the eighteenth century, the most general believer in Christianity of any people of that age, the chief heir of the Refor-mation in its purest formŠwhen it came to es-tablish a government for the United States, refused to treat faith as a matter to be regulated by a corporate body, or having a headship in a monarch or a State. " Vindicating the right of individuality even in religion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained in Judea. It left the management of temporal things to the temporal power; but the American Constitution, in harmony with the people of the several States, withheld from the,  federal Government the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul; and not from indifference, but that the infinite spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom and purity and power." THE word God was not accidentally left out of the Constitution. It was most reverentially left out of it by the God-fearing men who drew the instrument, because it had no business there. It was the purpose of the founders of our Government to make it purely secular. It was a mere federation or union of States for purely worldly purposes. It did not claim to have any divine authority or sanction, but only the consent of the people. It did not establish any religion, because it guaranteed entire re-ligious freedom. The word God has no more business in the Constitution than it has in arti-cles of co-partnership, or in a promissory note. A promissory note would not be a whit more ne-gotiable if it should contain a "recognition of God." This should be equally true of the State Government or of the United States Govern-ment. Entire religious freedom requires it; for as soon as the word God enters' the organic law of a State, there is the necessary implica- tion that the State has religious authority, and this is incompatible with absolute freedom of conscience.ŠBaltimore American. State Recognition of Christianity. THE advocates of the so-called " National Re-form" claim that we do them injustice by as-serting that they are working for a union of Church and State, and that if their movement shall succeed they will persecute people for conscience' sake. They say that we either misunderstand the principles of " National Re- form" or else we willfully misrepresent them. We claim that we do neither. We get our ideas of the " National Reform " movement from its official organs, and give the people the utterances of its advocated just as we find them published. True, they deny that they are working for a union of Church and State, and we publish their denial; but unfortunately for them their arguments go to show that Church and State union is the real object of their am- bition. In the Christian Nation for July 7 and 14, 1886, we find an article bearing the same title as the one at the head of this article. It is by the late Wm. Sommerville, of Nova Scotia, and is edited from the original manuscript by the Rev. R. M. Sommerville, New York. The Christian Nation is devoted to the interests of the "National Reform " movement, and was in-dorsed by the Annual Convention of the Na-tional Reform Association, Pittsburg, Pa., April, 1885; consequently whatever we find in it may be regarded as official. The article in question, starts out with the statements that the Bible is a revelation from God; that it will make wise unto salvation all who receive it; that no one can know by intui-tion what the Scriptures teach, but that they must be searched, and that the obligation to search the Scriptures rests upon all men. To these propositions we give a most hearty as-sent. We also agree with Mr. Sommerville that there are " great difficulties.to be encoun-tered in the study of the divine word," and that for these difficulties the word itself is not re-sponsible, but that they arise from education, from the current of public sentiment, from its bearing on our worldly interests and prospects, and from a determination to find in it what it was never intended to teach. We also believe that "the great difficulty, and that from which all others derive their existence or their force, is the depravity of the human heart, and our natural enmity to God. There is the reluc-tance to submit the judgment, the every thought, to the teachings of the Spirit. The natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God; for they are foolishness to him; neither can he know them, because they are spiritually dis-cerned." These propositions are sound:but the con-clusion which Mr. Sommerville presumes to draw from.them is unsound to the same degree. He says:Š " This consideration suggests the imperative obligation to place men who have the Spirit at the political helm. Those who are expected correctly to apply the word of the Spirit are such as 'have the Spirit. The seventy elders  who are called to assist Moses in the govern-ment of Israel, are made partakers of the Spirit of the Lord, by whose directions they are brought forward. When Moses asks a successor, he is directed to take Joshua, a man in whom was the Spirit, and to lay his hands upon him, and to set him before all the people. Those who are appointed to take charge of the temporal affairs of the primitive church must be men of ' honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wis-dom.' The recognized minister of God must, in all cases, be one who has the Spirit of God." Let us be sure that we do not misunderstand this matter. It is imperatively necessary that only men who have the Spirit should be placed at the political helm. If' this were carried out, it would involve the striking out of the last clause of Article Six of the United States Consti-tution, which reads, "No religious test shall over be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." Now since religion and the church are inseparable it follows that what Mr. Sommerville considers an "imperative obligation " is nothing less than the union of Church and State. Indeed, the latter part of the paragraph which we have quoted would indicate so close a union of Church and State that they will be identical. He would have the civil rulers correspond to the seventy leaders appointed to assist Moses in the government of Israel. But the Govern-ment of Israel was a theocracy, and in a theoc- racy the Government is the church. Among the Jews there were not two distinct organiza-tions, the Church and the State, but every cir- cumcised Jew was a member of the church, and circumcision was the badge of nationality. What Mr. Sommerville here implies, other na-tional reformers openly assert, namely, that this Government ought to be modeled after the Jewish GOvernment, and that this will be the case when their movement succeeds. Mr. Som-merville says, "Those who are appointed to take charge of the temporal affairs of the prim-itive church must be men of ' honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom.'" Remember that he is not giving a homily on the early Christian church, but is writing about State recognition of Christianity; and if the sentence which we have just quoted has anything to do with his subject, it means that the civil rulers of the United States should be regarded simply as ministers to take Charge of the temporal affairs of the church. And this agrees exactly with what Mr. Foster says in a Statesman of IVIarch, 1884: "The State and its sphere exist for and to serve the purpose of the church." If this does not imply union of Church and State we would like to have the National Reformers tell us what in their estimation would consti- tute such a union. We would not be understood as implying that there was anything wrong in the Government of Israel. That form of government was insti-tuted by the Lord himself. He chose the Jews as his peculiar people, and constituted himself their sole ruler. The men who were directly over the people were not chosen by the people, but were appointed by the Lord, and they re-ceived directly from the mouth of the Lord in- struction as to how the people should be gov-erned. But none of these things can be paral-leled in the United States, even though the 