AMERICAN SENTINEL. 615 tell this world who is Lord of the Sabbath, who made it, for what purpose it was made, and what was lawful for man to do on it. He also sent Christ to leave an exam-ple of the right use of the Sabbath. But there is a spirit in the land to-day, a spirit that will shut the prison doors on God's people who follow ^Christ's example in Sabbath-keeping, as it did in the days of Peter. This spirit enters the same class as it did in those days;Šthe professed people of God. But how easy to detect what spirit it is at work! Just as soon as you see any one calling for the aid of the civil power to enforce what they think is the law of God, you may be sure that the spirit is not of God. " Secularizing " Sunday. W. N. Glenn, in "Sign.s of the Times." THE great burden of Sunday observers, especially that increasing class who desire to compel its observance, is that the day is in danger of being "secularized." Now, if the first day of the week ever was made anything but a secular day (and no power but God could do so), no one but the authority which sanctified it could by any means secularize it, or take away its sanctity. But suppose the .day had been sanctified by a competent authority, and suppose that unsanctified men could take away the sanc-tity thus bestowed, what could be more conducive to such a result than cumbering it with secular law, paling it to rest upon secular law, and enforcing it by the power of secular law, under penaities inflicted by secular law? At the recent Christian Endeavor Convention in San Francisco, Dr. Temple, in referring to the defense of the Sunday institution, said, "We have to stand guard over it with drawn swords, lest some new form of iniquity put its hoof upon this sacred institution, and defile it." The thought of defending a so-called sacred institution with the secular sword is at least a tacit admission that the assumed sacredness is a very thin varnish. When it comes to defending any doctrine of Christ's promulga-tion, he says emphatically, "Put up thy sword." Only secular institutions need secular defense, and when the human law and the human sword are called to defend the Sunday Sabbath, it is indubitable proof that the defend-ers have no practical faith in the sanctity of the day. When Israel took the sacred ark of the covenant into battle, and attempted to defend it with carnal weapons, they were sorely defeated, and the ark was carried away by the Philistines. But when the holy law of God and its sanctified receptacle were out of the hands of those who would defend them with carnal weapons, they were successfully defended and rescued by an unseen hand. The fact that even a measure of temporary success has attended the enforced observance of Sunday by secular power, is evidence that the institution so defended is a secular one. And no class of people is doing so much to prove this fact as those who persist in such enforcement. They are doing more to "secularize" the day, or rather  to demonstrate that it is nothing but a secular day, than all other forces combined. A South American Republic. BY L. BROOKING-. IN 1810 the Argentine Republic gained'her independ-ence, and believing that a religion ought not to be en-forced by torture, they publicly burned in the principal plaza the king of Spain's decree authorizing the Inquisi-tion and the burning of "heretics." They also burned the instruments of torture used by that tribunal. Although nominally Roman Catholics, they saw in it a cruel device which they as republicans proclaiming "liberty and equality" could not consistently agree to; and we believe that their humanity also prompted them to a desire to let freedom rejoice the hearts of their fellow men. They copied their constitution to a great extent from that of the United States, but did not put in practice the glorious principle stated in the Declaration of Independ-ence, which leaves religion to be supported by those who wish and not a particular religion to be supported will-ingly or unwillingly by taxes gained by the toil of all re-ligionists. Argentina pays annually a large sum for the support of the Aoman Catholic Church. There are no doubt conscientious men in her priest-hood; but the corruptness of the lives of many of them causes many to mock at all religion and to be material-ists ; and also tends to encourage immorality and vio-lence in all places. The man who has done most for Ar-gentina is President Sarmiento, who having been consul to the United States, procured a staff of North American teachers, who introduced the normal school system there, thus conferring a great blessing on the rising generation, not the least of which was that they were enabled to read the Word of Life for themselves. He also encouraged immigration and railroads, thus getting enlightenment from a land proclaiming separa-tion of Church and State, which principle has been the foundation of its greatness. Argentina is a beautiful land, possessing all climes and a productive soil; but in comparison with the great North American Republic, what is it? Americans, freemen, do you value the principle of separation of Church and State for which your fathers,  the builders of this republic, died? Or do you want your nation to be like Argentina and the other so-called re-publics of Central and South America? "If the Son shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." "WHATEVER is, is right" for the individual who stands in the right relation'to God. 