236 A_MUIR,ICAN  VOL. 8. No. 30. tiesŠso long as said duties do not lead to infringement of others' personal rightsŠjust so long is personal liberty an unac-complished fact in the United States of America. J. 0. CORLISS. How They Are Developing It. " THE mission of the National Reform Association is to lead this Nation to Christ, as King." So says J. M. Foster, in the Christian Statesman of July 8, in an artic:e entitled, "Christ the King of Nations." Mr. Foster must either be wholly unacquainted with the workings of the Association, or must have made a gross misuse of the English language, or the Association has wonderfully mistaken its mission. He says its mission is to lead this Nation to Christ, as King. How do they go about it ? First, they tried to secure an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, in order that they might constitutionally have a Sunday law enacted, to " lead " this Nation to Christ. Then, because they learned (Christian Statesman, October 1, 1892) that they could " have of national and State Gov-ernments whatever legislation against im-morality " (Sabbath breaking, of course they mean) they would " ask unitedly and earnestly," they overrode the Constitution, and secured just what they were convinced before they could not secure without an amendment to the Constitution--legislation on the observance of Sunday, to " lead (?) this Nation to Christ " 1 And after the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States that this is a Christian Nation, and that, therefore, the Church has rights, among which is the right to one day in seven to be protected by law that it may be devoted to worship of the God of heaven and earth. After this, William Weir, in the Christian Statesman of November 19, 1892, said, " All that the National Reform Association seeks, all that this department of Christian politics works for, is to be found in the develop-ment of that royal truth, " this is a Christian Nation."  They immediately began to develop " that royal truth.' First, they took advantage of that propensity of human nature, self-aggrandizement, and by threatening not to send them up " any more if they did not yield to their wishes, they " led " the members of Congress to secure the passage of an act conditioning an appropriation. to the World's Fair, on Sunday closing; thus compelling visitors to stay away from the Fair on Sunday, to "lead" them to Christ! When there was indication that this act of Congress would not be complied with, they threatened to call up the United States troops, "to lead (?) this Nation to Christ "! Failing to secure the execution of the Sunday-closing act, then the vengeance of Heaven and the fury of the element is invoked on the Fair, to " lead " this Nation to Christ ! Having voluntarily shut themselves away from the Fair on the plea that it would violate their consciences to attend, they began to harass President Palmer with petitions to close the Exposition on Sunday, ostensibly that their consciences might rest easy, and to "assure the high-est success to the Fair," to " lead " this Nation to Christ. Oh ! Congress, enforce your. Sunday-closing act, to driveŠyour pardon, pleaseŠto lead " this Nation to Christ. A queer way to lead ! Webster says to  lead means "to show the way to; to guide; to go before and show the way." He also says that to compel means " to drive or urge; to take by force; to constrain." Which definition applies to the work of the National Reform Association ? The leader must go before; the driver behind. But if to lead means to drive, then to go before means to go behind; and the cart must be before the horse. Indeed ! the Church and State united might well be illustrated by the horse and cart. Instead of each keeping in its own place, the cart (the Church) asks the horse (the State) to get into the cart, and then it will be easier for both. The horse gets in, and what is the result ? The cart (the Church) stops, and the horse (the State) is dumped out behind. They then find themselves in the same predicament as do the Church and State when they get out of their legitimate sphere and join their fortunes. W. E. HOWELL. In Mission Fields. WHILE in this country certain Church leaders have been working to get the State committed to the policy of making it easy for men to be " Christians," so called, by making it very dangerous for them to be anything else, it is not surprising that the same principle should be working in mis- sion fields. The evangelical fervor and piety which have led many to foreign service, and the circumstances under which they have labored, have saved them from trusting in the arm of flesh; but here and there are evidences of a falling away from the principles of the gospel which can only lead to the dishonoring of the name of Christ. In last month's Missionary Review of the World, Dr. Cyrus Hamlin has an ar-ticle on the relation of foreign missionaries to their governments, in which he says :Š It has been a principle of action rather than of statute that the foreign missionary must take his chance and must expect little aid, when in difficulty and danger, from his government. This, however, is peculiarly an American view. No one of the great governments of Europe, Catholic or Protest-ant, ever asserts it or acts upon it. It is an unsafe principle, and should be made un-American. Dr. Hamlin is a veteran missionary, and his name an honored one in the annals of missions. This does not establish the soundness of his proposition, however, which must be weighed in the light of the principle involved rather than in that of some immediate and temporal advantage which might be gained by the missionary in danger. Dr. Hamlin himself entered the mission field in Turkey in the days when governmental interposition on the part of the United States in behalf of its missionaries was even less common than now, and those were days of greater power in mission work than the present. Among other instances, Dr. Hamlin cites the example of England in sending an army into Abyssinia to rescue an English missionary and other prisoners held by the king. "The army accomplished this," he says, "and also killed Theodore and destroyed his capital, Magdala." This action must have impressed the Abys-sinians with the majesty of British citi-zenship, but it is surely not argued that it advanced the cause which the mis-sionary had at heart, the conversion of Theodore and his capital. Such action on the part of a government as a policy of State, under treaty obligation, is one thing, but to call for such intervention or  approve of it as a missionary policy is an entirely different matter. The triumphs of the cross in heathen lands have been won by men who put their lives in the hands of those for whose souls they prayed and worked, trusting the God whose voice more than many times has said to fierce and barbarous hearts, " Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm." Sometimes, it is true, the Lord has allowed life to be taken, and then the blood of martyrs has been the seed of the Church, and savage natures have been won to Christ by the patient sufferings of those whom they persecuted. How different the situation when heathen peoples understand that behind the missionary are the bayonet and the cannon. He then loses his dis-tinctive character as an ambassador of Heaven, and becomes in the eyes of the people, and in fact, the semi-official repre-sentative of a foreign religion. For this reason the missionary of apos-tolic mold, not only does not ask protec-tion of his home government, but protests against it. Here is one of the paragraphs in the prospectus of the Soudan and Upper Niger Mission, signed by its late heroic founders, Brooke and Robinson, which breathes genuine Christian courage, and sets forth the true principle of the gospel worker:Š POLITICAL STATUS. ŠAs the missionaries enter the Moslem States under the necessity of violating the law of Islam, which forbids any one to endeavor to turn Moslems to Christ, they could not, under any circumstances, ask for British intervention to extricate them from the dangers which they thus call down upon themselves. But also, for the sake of the natives who have to be urged to brave the wrath of man for Christ's sake, it is necessary that the missionaries should themselves take the lead in facing these dangers; and should, in every possible way, make it clear to all that they do not desire to shelter themselves, as British subjects, from the liabilities and perils which would attach to Christian converts from Mahommedanism in the Soudan. They will, therefore, voluntarily lay aside all claim to protection, as British subjects, and place them-selves, while outside British territory, under the authority of native rulers." The appeal to government, it is some-times argued, is justified by Paul's asser-tion of Roman citizenship and his appeal to Ctesar. But Paul never appealed to Cwsar for protection, nor did he ever, in all his persecutions by the people, ask the intervention of law in his behalf. It was only when he was a prisoner of the law, by no act of his own, that he demanded his right to be tried according to law, and when he appealed to Ctesar, it was, he says, " not that I had aught to accuse my nation of." Now, in Asia Minor, in the same region in which the apostle labored and suffered joyfully, if religious prejudice leads a mob to persecute or destroy mis-sionary property, it has become the fashion to appeal to the home governments to demand of the Turkish authorities repar-ation for property injured and the punish-ment of the offenders. In apostolic days the Christians "took joyfully the spoiling of their goods." One can hardly be said to take the spoiling of his goods joyfully, for the sake of Christ, when he seeks to recover them at the law and punish the offender. We have only to read the Acts of the Apostles to see that this kind of missionary work falls far short of the apostolic model, and for that reason of apostolic power. They received their commission from Heaven and asked no earthly power to support them, and they loved those who were their enemies for Christ's sake, and sought their conversion rather than their punishment. 