AMERICAN SENTINEL. 791 lieve the new Jerusalem is now coming down from God ,out of heaven." RADICAL REMARKS BY DR. MCALLISTER. Dr. McAllister, in his address, made some radical remarks. He said: "Romanism is expecting that this country will, in the great crisis that seems to be impending, break away from the secular idea in government and turn to them as the restorer of peace and tranquillity." THE "INFALLIBLE" STATE. "There are three faces to the subject of civil govern-ment; one is the secular idea, the other is the church idea, which is the Romanist idea of church infallibility applied to government; the third is the movement to embody Christian principles of righteousness in the or-ganic law so that the state shall be the infallible inter-preter of and the active agent in applying moral law." THE GOSPEL IGNORED. In all the speeches, not a single reference was made to the reformation of the individual or to the applica-tion of the gospel as the source and power of true reform. However, there was one feature that was most gratify-ing. A part of the evening was set apart for an "open parliament on Christian citizenship," in which it was ex-pected that the presidents of each of the several young people's societies would indorse the proposed plan, etc., and thus officially commit their organizations to the ideas and principles advocated. THE SCHEME REBUKED. This was a most dampening failure, as but one of the four responded and his remarks could be construed only as a dignified rebuke to the purpose and spirit of the occasion. Mr. Stoever, also president of the Luther League and an officer of the national organization, presented the purpose and scope of work espoused by the league in such a manner that it was an emphatic condemnation of the proposal to abandon the power of the Word for the power of the ballot. 4.- 1.- 411,  -4 4- Spain's Decay. THE history of all the countries that shut out the light of the Reformation conveys aŁ lesson that ought to be thought of more than it is in these days. The idea of enforced uniformity, and of the mingling of religion and politics is taking possession of professed Protestant-ism, and the spirit of the papacy is being drunk in by all nations, just as the Revelation predicted of the last times. A writer in the EveningEcho (London) the other day told the cause of Spain's decay in these words:Š "When Ferdinand and Isabella had made Spain po-litically one, put down the infamous power of the nobles, and, in a measure, enfranchised the burghers, they, under the inspiration of papal priests, determined to have equal unity in faith and worship. Then emerged that monster  of all time, Torquemada, the chief of the Inquisition. And years afterward, arose the Jesuits, more subtle, more refined, and, possibly, more devout than Torque-mada, but not one whit less cruel. Unity in faith came by the suppression of thought, and with unity not only intellectual degradation, but moral atrophy. The unity was almost perfect. Spain has had no Protestantism, no Nonconformity worthy of the name. The priests have both reigned and ruled. Spain is of their making, or rather unmaking, and standing amidst the mental decadence, the moral decay, the religious degradation of Spain, the priests might say, when asked to show the world the monument of their genius and skill, `Look Around.'  -4j  THE German emperor is quoted as having said re-cently that "only worthy Christians can fulfil the duty of Prussian soldiers." What a painful surprise the em-peror would receive if his magnificent army should all at once become worthy Christians in truth, and instead of training themselves longer to slaughter their fellow men, train themselves in the "meekness and gentleness of Christ" ! It is not probable that the emperor wants his soldiers to lay aside their carnal weapons for spiritual ones. The remark, however, illustrates the governmental idea as regards who are worthy Christians; that is, they are those who can be depended on to fight the hardest to enforce the government's will. *4 -4 A " Liberal " Church Dilemma. THE Christian Register (Unitarian) makes the follow-ing comment upon the awkward position in which many church members of this day find themselves, through the endeavors of the churches to be "liberal," and still retain their creeds:Š "The difficulty with the position of liberal members of creed-bound churches is revealed in the statement that they may be received into fellowship, 'provided they have no pronounced or active dissent from certain doctrines regarded as important, although they doubt or even dis-believe them.' This amounts to saying that they may have doubts or denials, but that they must not express them. But, if the doctrines are really important, as the church asserts, the denial of them must be important, too. If, for example, one dissents from the doctrine of 'an endless hell, because, to his mind, it discredits faith in the eternal goodness of God, his dissent ought to take some pronounced and active form. The position of those who formally acquiesce in a creed which antagonizes their personal convictions reminds us of a little girl who showed a friend a work of art recently acquired and much admired by the family. After standing before it for a moment, in an attitude of rapt admiration, she said, `This is very beautiful; but I don't think so !' " The only way out of the dilemma is to do away with the creed. All that ought to be required of any body as a condition of church membership is that he believes the truth. And the truth is the Word of God. 