614 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. .1361-  Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Poet-office.) Bishop Potter on Imperialism. A WARNING voice against the peril of imperialism was raised by Bishop Potter, of the Protestant Episcopal Church, at the annual convention of the diocese of New York, held in this city September 28. His words may be profitably read and pondered by thinking Americans:Š "The nation has had too much during the past few months to blind and intoxicate it. It has won an easy victory over an effete and decrepit adversary, in which no splendors of individual heroism nor triumphs of naval 'skillŠand in these we may indulge a just prideŠought to blind our eyes to the fact that we have had a very easy task against a very feeble foe. And now, with unex-pected fruits of victory in our hands, what, men are ask-ing, are we going to do with them? "Nay, rather, the solemn question is, What are they going to do with us? Upon what wild course of so-called imperialism are they going to launch a people, many of whom are dizzy already with the dream of colonial gains and who expect to repeat in distant islands some such history as our conquered enemy wrote long ago in blood Wand plunder in her colonies here and in South America. We have, indeed, our Congress to direct this race for em-pire, and our gaunt and physically wrecked sons and brothers by tens of thousands at home to show us how they will do it ! "At such a time, as never before, the Church of God is called upon, in the pulpit and by every agency at her command, to speak the words of truth and soberness and to reason of righteousness, temperance and a judg-ment to comeŠa judgment for nations as well as individ-uals, till impetuosity is sobered and chastened, and until a people in peril of being wrecked upon an untried sea can be made to pause and think. The things that this community and this nation alike supremely need are not more territory, more avenues of trade, more places for place hunters, more pensions for idlers, more subject races to prey upon, but a dawning consciousness of what, in individual and in national life, are a people's indispen-sable moral foundations, those great spiritual forces on which alone men or nations are built ! "Most opportune is it, I think, that in the ear of a nation already dizzy with the dream of what it may achieve by conquests through the force of arms, there  should sound that strong, temperate, and most cogently reasoned message which rings through the ukase of the Emperor of Russia. It is an unanswerable indictment of the enormous folly and essential madness of the interna-tional race for increased armamentsŠships and forts and men, piled up in ever greatening proportions, until at. last, the utmost limit of a nation's resources in men and money has been reached, the last man has been dragged from his family, the last shekel has been borrowed from reluctant creditors and the empire, or the republic, makes its wild plunge, at length, into irredeemable bank-ruptcy. "And this is called 'statesmanship' and the 'wisdom of diplomacy,' as against the visionary dreams of an imaginative sentimentalism. For myself, it is better de-scribed in those very recent words of a singularly clear, hard-headed and acute English statesman, whom nobody will accuse of being visionary or a dreamer. I Mean Sir William Vernon Harcourt, who pronounced the present rivalry of the great powers of the world in the matter of ships and men as simply 'insensate " WE should regard liberty, not as a right of which to,  boast, but as an opportunity of receiving and doing the greatest good.ŠRer. Richard E. Sykes, Universalist, Denver. The Christian's Duty to the State. Rev. Alex. Sutherland, Toronto, Ont. IN the days of primitive Christianity the rule was to,  render to Csar all honor and obedience that did not conflict with fidelity to Christ and his law, but now the rule seems to be to render to Christ all honor and obedi-ence that does not interfere with loyalty to party, and this is justified under the plea of patriotism, and by some= is even called Christian patriotism. The term is a misnomer. Christian patriotism seeks first the kingdom of God and his righteousness; mere patriotism seeks first the kingdom of this world and its. advancement. We teach our children to love their country and hate,  all others. Christ taught his followers to love the whole world and to hate no one. We teach the political broth-erhood of a common nationality. Christ taught the true brotherhood of man. The Christian's duty to the state is to uphold the authority of rulers in all lawful and just things; to obey every law that can be obeyed with a good conscience to-Ł ward God, but to oppose steadily and resolutely what-ever conflicts with the principle of the kingdom of God, and to this end he must keep himself free from party dom-ination and from all entangling alliances. That the kingdom of God, as such, should form no alliance with the kingdoms of the world is an affirmation having all the force of an axiom. The sphere and posi-tions of the two kingdoms are so entirely distinct that they cannot be merged or even allied without irreparable-damage to the heavenly kingdom. 