118' THE AMERICAN SENTINEL less a union of Church and State? In this country those who demand what they call a union, not of Church and State, but of religion and the State, are wont to define a union of Church and State as a union of a sect and the State ; but is it any less a union when the whole body of believers, as nearly as may be, are made one of the parties to the union ?ŠCertainly not; on the contrary it adds to what is at best an adulterous union, the wickedness of polyg-amy. The history of the first union of Christi-anity and the State, in the Roman Empire under Constantine, is simply repeating itself in Germany. William II., like Con-stantine I., is seeking to strengthen his empire by uniting, for a common purpose and a common cause, all the discordant elements of religion. The result will be that he will either bind the German Church as a whole, Catholic and Protes-tant, to his chariot wheels, or else the churches, having learned their united strength will use it to enslave the civil power as did the Papacy in the Dark Ages. Will this country learn wisdom from the history of the past, and from the living object lessons of the present, and instead of uniting Church and State under the misleading name of a union of religion and the State, make still wider the sepa-ration which has hiterto been maintained between them by our national Constitu- tion ? C. P. B. That Pittsburg Convention. THE Western Pennsylvania Sabbath As-sociation, so-called, the second annual meeting of which, in Pittsburg, on the 29th ult, was referred to in these columns last week, is an auxiliary of the American Sabbath Union, and of course indorses the principles of the parent association, and adopts its methods, but with a good deal of energy added. THE Pittsburg meeting was not large, but its morale was, from a National Re-form standpoint, excellent; and the spirit that pervaded it could but impress the observer with the fact that the men who are pushing the Sunday movement in the western part of the Keystone State, though very much mistaken as to the nature of their work, are very much in earnest. Presbyterian influence is strong in Western Pennsylvania; and, so far as the writer could judge, it is strong in the so-called Sabbath Association. Presbyteri-ans are, for the most part, theoretically very loyal to the Decalogue, and especially is this true of the United, and the Re-formed Presbyterians. For this reason they say less than some others about the " civil Sabbath," and base their demand for Sunday laws squarely upon the divine law, as they understand it. This was very noticeable in the Pittsburg meeting. ALMOST the whole burden of the Con-vention was the enforcement of the " Sab-bath " laws -of the State, and the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday. Only one speaker seemed to discern the real diffi-culty, and suggest the only effective remedy. His words are quoted on another page. IN his statement of the work done by the Association during the year, the chair-man, Rev. Dr. Robinson, of Allegheny City, said that an attempt had been made  to repeal the " Sabbath " laws of the State, but that it had failed. The Association, he stated, had caused " 1,500 letters to be written to the members of the Legislature asking that our Sabbath laws be not re-pealed, for they are most excellent." How excellent they are may be judged from the fact that even conscientious observers of the seventh day have been fined and im-prisoned under them; and the same thing is liable to occur again, and certainly will occur if Mr. Robinson and his co-workers are successful in maintaining the law. A GOOD deal of stress was laid upon the fact that they only asked that men be re-quired to obey the law, and that the law had come down from Penn's time. But both of these pleas have been put forth in justification of persecution in every age. The Papists only demanded that the here-tics whom they burned should obey the laws, some of which were even more ven-erable than is the Sunday law of Pennsyl-vania; and yet these very men, who in Pennsylvania are insisting upon obedience to an oppressive Sunday law, as they say because it is a law, honor the memories of men who died by the fagot and the rack for disobeying law. Can they not see that a law must stand, not upon its age. nor upon the fact of its existence, but upon its merits ? MR. CRAFTS is an important person in so-called " Sabbath Reform," in Pittsburg. When the American Sabbath Union vir-tually dropped him because of his " jingo " methods, he took Mr. Greeley's advice and went West. There he gathered around him a goodly number of better men than himself whom he has been able to use to good advantage in furthering his purposes. MR. CRAFTS is fertile in expedients, and though after organizing the American Sabbath Union, the control of it was wrested from him, and he himself sys-tamatically snubbed at the annual meeting of the Union, in Philadelphia, December 1890, in less than a year he had gathered around him a following  larger than, before, and had by a coup d'etat captured the Christian Statesman and removed it to Pittsburg. The energy of the individual accounts in no small measure for the activity of the Western Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, as does also Mr. Crafts' intolerant and inquisitorial dis-position account very largely for the spirit of intolerance that pervaded the Pittsburg Convention. "Sabbath Reform," so-called, as it exists in Pittsburg to-day, is a cre-ation of the present editor of the States-man, and it is so like its creator that there is no mistaking either its origin or its purpose. THE purpose of the Western Pennsyl-vania Sabbath Association is clearly to secure a more general and rigid observ-ance of Sunday; not by educating the in-dividual, not by appealing to the con-science, but by enforcing the law of the State, and by means of fines appealing to the pockets of those who refuse to observe the day set apart, not by divine authority, but by human custom. THE methods of work adopted, not only by the Pittsburg Sunday boomers, but by the National Reform cohorts of whatever name everywhere in this country, are both easy and effective. Formerly they circu-lated petitions for individual signatures.  Now Mr. Crafts urges all to adopt the "new method of petitioning," namely, by vote and indorsement. Churches, Sunday schools, Young Men's Christian Associa-tions, Woman's Christian Temperance Unions, Young Woman's Christian Tem-perance Unions, Young Peoples Christian Endeavor Societies, etc.; etc., indorse the petition by vote, then the officers send it in as the voice of the entire membership. In this way very many are counted who would not take interest enough to sign a petition, and equally as many are counted more than once, for in these days of multi-plied associations there are few who do not belong to more than one organization. This method is entirely worthy of its author, whether it is understood as origi-nating with the editor of the Statesman, or with the father of all deception and double dealing. ANOTHER method of petitioning, highly recommended by the Statesman, is by per-sonal letters to members of Congress and of Legislatures. Our law makers are to be given no rest until because of weariness if for no other reason they yield to the demands made upon them in behalf of the Sunday Sabbath. Truly, those who are engineering the Sunday-law campaign are an exemplification of the correctness of the conclusion of the wise man : "Lo, this only have I found, that God hath made man upright; but they have sought out many inventions." And in it all they think that th6y are doing God serv-ice. What a terrible mistake ! C. P. B. APROPOS of our article of last week, on " Liberty Indeed," is a paragraph from the Sun, of March 27, concerning Presi-dent Eliot's Salt Lake -speech, in which he likened the Mormons to the Puritans, and for which he has been roundly berated by the Gentiles of Utah. The Sun says :-- We are not at all sure that his comparison of the Mormons with the Pilgrims is not fair. Neither the Mormons nor the people of Plymouth and Mas-sachusetts Bay had the slightest idea of religious liberty. The immigrants to Massachusetts came to a new country for the purpose of worshiping God in their own manner, and raising thunder with any other form of worship. . . . Indignation crea-ted by the polygamous practices among the Mor-mons, drove the colony westward, and there a theocracy was founded just as a theocracy had been founded in Massachusetts two hundred years before. . . . The fatal weakness was in assum-ing that it was in illustration of religious liberty. Both the Mormons and the founders of New Eng-land were exemplars of religious despotism. And such must be the verdict of every unprejudiced person who familiarizes him-self with the history of these peoplesŠthe Puritans, and the Mormons. It is high time that we cease to hear either of them extolled as defenders of liberty of any kind; nothing could be farther from the truth. That both the Puritans and the early Mormon emigrants had certain ster-ling qualities, can not be denied; but those qualities when controlled by a false and misdirected religious zeal, only made them the more relentless persecutors. Let us have done with the sickly sentiment, that clothes the Puritans with a sanctity they never possessed, just because they settled New England two hundred and seventy years ago. .As for the Mormons, it is not likely that anybody outside their own ranks, excepting always, of course, the President of Harvard College, which has several Mormon students, will see in them defenders of religious liberty; there are too many living witnesses of their intoler-ance. 