250 AIVEMEttlICA.IkT RIRNFEINIEILI VoL. 11, No. 32. tion. Be just in all your dealings with them, and consult your feelings and opinions. Fight valiantly, and never turn your back upon a foe. When victo-rious, harm not tIW aged, and protect women and chil-dren. Destroy not the palm tree or fruit trees of any kind; waste not the corn field with fire; nor kill any cattle excepting for food. Stand faithfully to every covenant and promise; respect all religious persons who live in hermitages or convents, and spare their ed-ifices. But should you meet with a class of unbeliev-ers of different kind, who go about with shaven crowns and belong to the synagogue of Satan, be sure you cleave their skulls unless they embrace the true faith or render tribute. [Italics ours.] The victorious Moslems overran northern Africa, conquered Spain, and pushed on to-ward the interior of Europe, to meet the resist-. less " hammer " of Charles Martel at Tours. The advancing wave of Mohammedanism was rolled back across the Pyrenees, and finally out of Spain and back into Africa. But a deep-seated resentment against the Moslems remained throughout " Christian" Europe; and it was a feeling of revenge against the Turk, more than any other motive, which actuated the " Christians" in their crusades for the recovery of the " holy sepulcher." The battles of Turk and " Christian," have been the battles of contending rival religions, and it was that fierceness which religious an-imosity always lends to carnal strife, that gave the contest its vindictive character, and left in the breast of the Turk that hatred of what he deems Christianity, which he has manifested in so sanguine a manner since that time. We say " what he deems Christianity," for be it remembered that the Turk was furnished with his conception of Christianity by the hosts of red-handed invaders which marched through his territory under the ensign of the cross. If these " Christian " crusaders had been Christians, they would never have thought to fight the battles of Christianity with carnal weapons, and the terrible and fateful ani-mosity which grew out of that struggle would never have been developed. During all this time, and for centuries afterward, true Christians were suffering a hundred-fold more at the hands of the "Chris-tian" rulers of Europe, led by the Papacy, than at the hands of the Turk. Then was the time when the true Church, the "woman," had " fled into the wilderness," to escape the persecution of the papal dragon (Rev. 12: 4-6, 14), there to be nourished by God for the space of twelve hundred and sixty years, un-til the papal power should be broken. The true Christians were persecuted in Europe, but not in the domains of Islam. There it was that some of them found a refuge from the rage which burned against them in " Christian" lands. But for the wickedly-false conception of Christianity which the crusades gave to Islam, there is no evidence that true Christians would ever have suffered from Turkish wrath. There is no evidence that true Christians would be suffering in Armenia to-day, but for the wicked work of those who were Christians only in name. What, then, do we want to-day ? A new crusade, which will_ again bear the sword against the Turk in the name of Christ ? A new wickedness, to right the consequences of the old ? Verily, no. Christianity cannot bear the sword. We make no attempt to define duty for the civil powers. But we would record our most emphatic protest against a repetition, in the name of the Prince of Peace, of that most "-unchristian, selfish, . . wicked, barbaric, and crim-inal" folly which gave the lie to Christianity before all the world, and perpetrated the colossal sin of the ages, in the so-called "Chris- tian" Crusades, s. CHRIST AND COUNTRY. IT is certainly a strange fatuity that has seized upon leading minds in the religious world, which prevents them from seeing one of the plainest truths set forth in the Word of God,Šthat truth which defines the proper relation of the Christian to this world. It seems to be almost impossible for the vast ma-jority even of those who profess to believe that Word, to understand that according to the teachings of Christianity, sin has completely separated this world from the eternal pur-poses of God which are in Christ, so that there remains for it nothing but complete and eternal destruction, to be visited upon it in that day when God will make a final dispo-sition of sin. It is a strange thing that men who have been set in positions of prominence among their fellows as ministers of the gospel of God Should be teaching the people that this world is not to be destroyed as the Scriptures state, but that Christians have "a country" here, to which they are bound as truly as they are bound to Christ. A Saviour who is all divine, and a country which is all of earth, to be grasped and held fast at the same time, as a Christian duty ! It is allowed that Christ should be first, but " next to Christ," we are told, " comes country." Christianity knows no such doctrine. Chris-tianity teaches that there Ł is nothing " next to " Christ, but that all things, to the Chris-tian, are in him. The Christian gives himself and all that he has to Christ, and in return receives Christ and all that he has. It is through Christ that he has a country. But that country is not on this earth. It is a country which the Christian will dwell in after this earth has been consumed by fire. 2 Pet. 3: 7, 10. In the beginning, when man was created, it was not so. The Creator placed man in the garden of Eden, where all was fair and per-fect as the divine hand could make it. No curse of sin rested anywhere upon the world. It was in the power of Adam and his poster-ity, had they refrained from sin, to have ex-tended the garden of Eden indefinitely, even until it covered the whole earth. Earth would then have been a perfect country, and that is the only kind of country that the Creator ever purposed for man's abode. But Adam sinned, and the world which God had given him passed from his hands into the hands of Satan. By sin Satan over-came Adam, and to the victor came the spoils. Death entered the world, and the curse rested upon it. Jesus Christ undertook to redeem, or purchase back, that which was lost. Such was the eternal purpose of God in Christ. That purpose is called the Gospel. From that time to this, probation has been given to the fallen race, that they might choose whether they would accept redemption or not. Redemption is put into effect by a new crea-tion. God does not " fix up " anything that has been marred by sin; he is not a tinker. He is the Creator, and he creates man new. Such is the testimony of Scripture. " The new man" is "created, in righteousness and true holiness." Eph. 4: 24. "We are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works.' Eph. 2: 10. This is the mys-tery of the "new birth." It is simply a new creation, which makes again a perfect char-acter, as was made by the Creator in the be-ginning. The "old man" is "crucified with Christ" (Gal. 2 :20), dies, and is buried. There is likewise a " new creation" of earth. Jesus Christ by his death purchased back both man and his original inheritance; and after this  sin-cursed earth shall have been burned with fire, a new creation will bring forth a new and perfect earth, even as a perfect earth was created in the beginning. " We," says the apostle Peter, " according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness." 2 Pet. 3: 13. That is the Christian's country. This is what the words " my country " mean to him. Abraham, the " father of the faithful," tes-tified by his life that he was a "stranger and pilgrim" in this earth. He sought a country, but he sought it not on this earth. His de-scendants, Isaac and Jacob, and all who like them believed the promises of God, confessed likewise that here they were strangers and pilgrims. And " they that say such things," writes Paul, "declare plainly that they seek a country." IIeb. 11: 14. They might have returned to Palestine, as good a country as was then on the earth, but " now" it is written "they desire a better country, that is, an heavenly; wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God; for he bath prepared for them a city." v. 16, 16. Those who are living the Christian life to-day, declare just as plainly that they "seek a country." They declare that their country is not any of the countries of this earth. The doctrine that "next to Christ comes country," Šthe country in which one may happen to have been born and rearedŠvirtually denies Christianity. Christianity knows no boundary lines of states or nations. It knows no distinctions of race or color. It simply says that God bath " made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth" (Acts 17 : 26), - and that in Christ all men stand on the same level, without any distinction of Jew and Gentile, high and low, bond and free. A Christian is the same in one country that he is in another. It matters not to Christianity whether he may live in America or in China. The question of country, so far as relates to this earth, is not considered. The whole world is the Christian's field, and he is com-missioned to go into every part of it, and preach the gospel to all peoples. Christianity has not set one nation over against another. The spirit of international rivalry, sometimes called patriotism, is not of Christianity. The only patriotism which Christianity knows is that which seeks the good of all men of every race, color, and condition, on this earth. But ought not the Christian to consider and work for the interests of the country in which he lives? it may be asked. Yes; in so far as those interests are identified or consist-ent with that which Christianity enjoins. Beyond this he cannot go. In other words, he ought to live a Christian life, working to promote honesty, justice, peace, and good will among all those with whom he may be associated. In no way can he more surely advance the interests of a country than by this. But he would be bound to do exactly the same thing in any country on earth. Hence Christianity does not consider the in-terests of one country, as distinguished from those of another. It considers everywhere the interests of men; it makes the true interests of all men identical. It offers Łto one individ-ual the same things which it offers to all. The Christian is to represent Christ to the world. He must be a Christian in every place and at all times; the interests which he is to consider are the temporal and spiritual interests of his fellows. If he does this, as Christianity directs, he is doing all that lies in his power to promote the best interests of the country in which he lives. s. 