198 AMERICAN SENTINEL. people, give unto the Lord glory and strength." "0 worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness; fear before him all the earth. Say among the heathen that the Lord reigneth." "Make a joyful noise unto the Lord, all ye lands. Serve the Lord with gladness; come before his presence with singing. Know ye that the Lord he is God; it is he that hath made us; and his we are; we are his people and the sheep of his pasture." In the beginning God gave man authority over all the earth, and over every living creature; but this au-thority was only under God as supreme. As soon as man ceased to be loyal to God, he lost the dominion. Now to Nebuchadnezzar had God given the dominion {compare Ps. 8:4-8 and Jer. 27:6; Dan. 2:37, 38); but Nebuchadnezzar had no power except as he received it from God." "There is no power but of God; the powers that be are ordained of God." Nebuchadnezzar's great dominion was but a proof of the fact, which he ignored, that he was but an instrument in the Lord's hands, with no power of his own. See Isa. 10:5-18. Nebuchad-nezzar's obligation to "fear God and keep hiscommand-ments" was not lessened, but rather increased, by his being placed in high position. As an individual he owed to God the same allegiance that the most despised Hebrew captive did, and as a king over al) the nations of earth there was upon him the far greater responsi-bility of setting to all men, an example of loyalty to the Creator and supporter of all. The disregard of the three Hebrews to the edict of the king was in reality an exhibition of the highest kind of loyalty, namely, to God, the King of kings. Moreover, the three Hebrews were more faithful to the interests of Babylon than was the king himself. When they were taken captive, God said to them, "Seek the peace of the city whither I have caused you to be carried away captives, and pray unto the Lord for it; for in the peace thereof ye shall have peace." But peace comes only to those who keep the commandments of God. "Great peace have they which love thy law; and nothing shall cause them to stumble." "There is no peace, saith my God, to the wicked." "Righteousness. exalteth a nation; but sin is a reproach to any people." Babylon's safety depended solely on its loyalty to God and his commandments. Its fall was foretold, only be-cause of its sins. Therefore in refusing to worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up, the He-brew captives were showing greater solicitude for the safety of Babylon than its king was. This is a lesson for to-day for all the dwellers, the rulers, and the captives of Babylon,Šthe whole earth. In the obligation to be subject to the powers that be,_ no man is absolved from the obligation to be subject to God, from whom all rulers hold their power. The injunction to every soul to be subject to "the higher powers," includes subjection to the Most High power. All men alike, both high and low, owe to him common allegiance; and if the king whom God has placed or  allowed to be placed in the position of "a little brief authority" forgets his dependence upon God, and pre-sumes to exalt himself above him, by setting at nought any of his laws, then the subject must remember that his duty cannot possibly rise any higher than obedience to God, and he must show the way of life to the dis-loyal ruler who is jeopardizing the peace of his own dominions. GOD NEEDS NOT .HUMAN SUPPORT. But although Nebuchadnezzar recognized that "there is no other God that can deliver after this sort," he really held himself as still above even that God, by threatening to destroy any who should speak against him. Any god who needs the assistance of an earthly king in order to maintain his standing among men, is certainly not so great as the king, and the king who offers such assistance shows that that is his view of the matter. Nebuchadnezzar was just as much out of his place in seeking to enforce the worship of the true God, as in commanding the worship of his image. God him-self does not compel men to worship him. He invites and seeks to win by a wondrous revelation of his own character, and he commissions every man who hears the invitation to invite others, but he does not need and will not accept the assistance of any earthly power to enforce obedience to him. Every such effort hinders rather than advances the kingdom of God in the earth. The state may make man a hypocrite, but only the creative power of God can make a man "a new crea-ture." The last which we hear of these three men is that they were "promoted," "in the province of Babylon." When they stood before the angry king and witnessed for the true God,they had no assurance that they would not seal their testimony with their lives, but the flame of the furnace was to them simply the light of the glory of God in which their true character was revealed to the king of Babylon, who gave them the place to which their worth entitled them. "He that humbleth himself shall be exalted." War in the Philippines. A NEW ENGLAND journal, touching the question of the casualty list on the Filipino side since war began with the United States, says:Š "No official)  estimate of the number of Filipinos killed and wounded by the Americans since February 4, 1899, is likely to be made public yet awhile, because the figures would shock the country. As a starter, how-ever, it is known that in the first battle around Manila, according to General Otis's official report, the natives lost at least 3,000 men. Since then there has been over a year of warfare, and, according to the Boston Trans-script, 500 natives were killed or wounded by one regi-ment in the single month of January, 1900. It is con-servative to say that 20,000 Filipinos have been killed 