"Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 2. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, NOVEMBER, 1887. NUMBER 11. An2erical2 Bei-M.12121. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE /PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING HOUSE, OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER,   EDITORS. ALONZO T. Dorms, J. a WAGGONER, CORRESPONDING EDITOR. Entered at the Post-office  in Oakland. A Sound Opinion. Wn don't suppose that one reader in ten in this country has the least idea of the progress National Reform is making in the United States. These National Reformers propose amending the Constitution of the United States so as to make this a " Christian Gov-ernment." The Prohibitionists of nearly every State in the Union have in some way commit-ted themselves to this reform. Many minis-ters in nearly every denomination are work-ing earnestly for it. It is a kind of religion that is well adapted to the gushing, unstable, and illiterate religion of the time. Professors who are strangers to the spirituality of Chris-tianity, very naturally call to their aid the civil law. They must have power in their re-ligion, and not having the power of the Spirit, being ignorant of it, they readily accept the aid of the strong arm of the law. The masses of the people have never thought of the ques-tion and are indifferent about it. If a vote is taken on the question before the people inves-tigate it, it will carry, for the people generally think it makes no difference, and many would vote for it just to please professed Christians. But it is the greatest heresy of the world.ŠRushville (Ind.) Jacksonian. . 4_ THENew York Observer complains that "Sunday newspapers have done more than all other influences combined to destroy the popular reverence for the Sabbath." And then almost in the same breath naively states that "during the summer season thousands of nominal Christians will find the Sunday newspaper where they will fail to find a place of worship or the hour of prayer." There-fore abolish the Sunday newspaper without delay. By all means take away at once all opportunity for these very excellent nominal Christians to do wrong, so that they may all become real strong, vigorous Christians (?) by doing right because they have no chance to do otherwise. The Sunday newspaper may be a very wicked thing, but how much more wicked it is than the professed Chris-tian who would rather read it than to go to worship or to prayer, perhaps the Observer candecide. We can't. A Monstrous Bid. WE have several times shown the declared purpose of the National Reform Association to "gladly join hands" with the Catholic Church, and to co-operate with the Roman Catholics in any way that they may choose, in carrying to success the National Reform scheme. But, although the National Re-formers have for several years thus held themselves in readiness, they have not till now made any distinct official advances to gain the Papal co-operation. Now, however, they have decided on a course that can scarcely fail to win the so much, and so long, coveted assistance of the Papacy. This was the outcome, and the only immediately prac-tical one, of the Saratoga National Reform meeting, August 15-17. The main question there discussed was the question of religioti in the public schools, un-dtr the heading of "Secularism in Educa-tion!' Mr. T. P. Stevenson, editor of the Christian Statesman, and Corresponding Sec-retary of the National Reform Association, opened the discussion. "The speaker argued against the secular programme: 1. That it does not satisfy the Roman Catholics or conciliate them to our school system. Their special outcry is against the atheistic tendencies of public education, and the exclusion of religious worship and in-struction from the schools only gives color to the charge." So, then, the public-school system of the United States must be revolutionized because "it does not satisfy the .Roman Catholics." That the Roman Catholics may be conciliated, and "their special outcry" stopped, "religious worship" and religious "instruction" must be forced into the public schools. As, therefore, the movement is, first of all, specially to sat-isfy the Roman Catholics, it would logically follow that the "religious worship and in-struction" that would be conducted and given in the public schools, under the National Re-form regime, would be such as should specially satisfy the Roman Catholics. And for once in its history the course of the National Re-form Association is strictly logical; for in the course of the discussion, Rev. S. V. Leech, D. D., of Saratoga, who has been for seven years chaplain of the New York Senate, asked the Corresponding Secretary to state how National Reformers would answer this argu-ment:Š " If we put the Protestant Bible in the schools where Protestants are in the majority, how could we object to 'the Douay version [the Catholic Bible] in schools where Roman Catho-lics are in the majority?"  "The Corresponding Secretary " answered,Š"WE WOULDN'T OBJECT." The National Reformers "wouldn't object!!" They "wouldn't object" to a majority of Ro-man Catholics forcing the Catholic Bible into the hands of the children of Protestants and other non-Catholics, in the public schools! They "wouldn't object" to twenty Catholics forcing the Catholic Bible into the hands, and the Catholic worship upon the minds, of the children of nineteen non-Catholics in the public schools! Therefore, let it forever be borne in mind that the aim of the National Reformers is, by amendment of the National Constitution, to put it into the power of the Roman Catholics, wherever they may be in the majority, to force the Roman Catholic "worship and instruc-tion" into the minds of the children of non-Catholics, in the public schools. And let it also forever be borne in mind, that the Rev. Herrick Johnson, D. D., of Chicago, was chair-man of the meeting in which this wicked thing, this religious tyranny, was proposed and indorsed; and that Joseph Cook, of Boston, took an active part in the same con-ference. Then, as though realizing the effect of his unqualified answer, the Corresponding Secre-tary attempted to guard his answer, and to deaden its effect, by saying:Š " We would be glad to see Roman Catholics putting the Bible, in any version, into the hands of their children." " Into the hands of their children," so should we. But that was not the question, Mr. Stev-enson, nor is that point involved in the ques-tion. The question was not, Shall the Roman Catholic put the Douay version into the hands of his children? But it was, Shall he put that Catholic version into the hands of my children ? You said the National Reform-ers "wouldn't object" to it. But I do most decidedly object. There was no such question asked as, Shall the majority of Roman Catho-lics put the Catholic Bible or any other Bible, "into the hands of their children "? But the question was, Shall the Roman Catholics, when in the majority, put the Catholic Bible into the hands of our children? You said the National Reformers would not object to it. But, Mr. Stevenson, we do most decidedly object to their doing so; and we object to your National Reform scheme of putting it into their power to do so. Your " glozing " argument, Mr. Stevenson, is entirely foreign to the question ; yet it is valuable in that it shows how readily, and how perfectly, the National Reformers adapt themselves to the 