DECEMBER f/(*), 18i4. AMIE,IFEll CAN gENT'IN1T-40 399 these people for infraction of the Sunday law smacks very much of religious perse-cution.ŠThe Dixon (Cal.) Tribune, Nov. 30. In all these places non-professors, and a good many professors, follow the bent of their own minds as to work or pleasure on Sunday, and no complaint is made; but the instant an Adventist digs a few potatoes, chops a, bit of firewood, etc., on Sunday, some one's religious senses are wounded, and that individual immediately proceeds to the Christian (?) work of having his seventh-day neighbor instructed in religious matters through the medium of the courts !ŠMedical Lake ( Minn,. ) Ledger, Nov. SO, The International Religious Liberty Association calls the attacks upon the Adventists "religious" persecution. It is difficult, however, to see what religion has to do with such manifestations of hatred and fanatical spirit. The Seventh-day Adventists reject the authority and custom of all other Christian denomina-tions in not observing the first day of the week as the " Lord's day," but that is certainly no reason for alleged Christians displaying toward them the spirit of per-secution, which is far more opposed to the genius of Christianity, than any question about the proper day of Sabbath.ŠDaven-port (Ia.) Leader, Nov. 28. THE absurdity of Sunday laws has been shown in Switzerland, where an American Seventh-day Adventist preacher has been put in prison in Basel for working on the Sabbath, though the whole city is given over on Sunday to popular sports. Al-though the widest latitude is given to di-version in this Swiss city on Sunday, work is very carefully prevented by law, and it was because he chose to set type in his printing office that the American was punished. It is to be feared that this preacher will have to abate his ardor for work and take two holidays during the week, for the Swiss laws are something like those of the Medes and Persians.ŠSan Francisco Chronicle, Nov. 13, 1894. THE public is fairly familiar with the outrageous persecutions of the Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee, where they were repeatedly arrested and imprisoned for exercising their vaunted "religious liberty." It was supposed that this coun-try and Russia were the only " civilized " nations left that possessed au inquisition, but word comes that Switzerland, the "cradle of liberty," has just sentenced Rev. H. P. Holser, a Seventh-day Advent-ist pastor, to a sixty-one days' term of imprisonment, on prison fare, for working in his office on Sunday. This seems all the more strange because the " Continental Sunday " is observed in Switzerland, as elsewhere in Europe, with noisy revelry. . . . But they have a law which for-bids ordinary labor on Sunday, and this is used by the powers that be to prevent the exercise of the conscience.ŠGalion ( Ohio) Inquirer, Nov. 16, 1894. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City, Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] If Christ Should Come To-day. I HAVE come, and the world shall be shaken Like a reed, at the touch of my rod, And the kingdoms of time shall awaken To the voice and the summons of God; No more through the din of the ages Shall warnings and chidings divine, From the lips of my prophets and sages, Be trampled like pearls before swine. Ye have stolen my lands and my cattle; Ye have kept back from labor its meed ; Ye have challenged the outcasts to battle, When they plead at your feet in their need; And when clamors of hunger grew louder, And the multitudes prayed to be fed, Ye have answered with prisons or powder, The cries of your brothers for bread. I turn from your altars and arches, And the mocking of steeples and domes, To join in the long, weary marches Of the ones ye have robbed of their homes; I share in the sorrows and crosses Of the naked, the hungry and cold, And dearer to me are their losses Than your gains and your idols of gold. I will wither the might of the spoiler, I will laugh at your dungeons and locks, The tyrant shall yield to the toiler, And your judges eat grass like the ox ; For the prayers of the poor have ascended To be written in lightnings on high, And the wails of your captives have blended With the bolts that must leap from the sky. The thrones of your kings shall be shattered And the prisoner and serf shall go free ; I will harvest from seed I have scattered On the borders of blue Galilee; For I come not alone, and a stra,ngerŠ Lo! my reapers will sing through the night Till the star that stood over the manger Shall cover the world with its light. ŠJames G. Clark, in December Arena. THE new Czar of Russia has celebrated his accession by pardoning a great many people, among them fourteen murderers, in addition to two steamboat captains who are under penalty for having caused a collision between their ships in the Black Sea, by which many lives were lost. It is a very doubtful way of celebrating the coronation to let loose fourteen murderers once more to engage in their favorite in-dustry. It is a very doubtful mercy to the few and very certain danger to the many. Now, if he had ceased the infa-mous persecution of the Stundists and the Jews, and had released all of these inno-cent and long-suffering people from pun-ishment and exile, there would have been something in it.ŠThe Examiner and Na-tional Baptist, Dec. 13, 1894. ONE of the largest retail dealers in New York" will not advertise hereafter in the Sunday newspapers, though we believe he has formerly done so. By putting his advertisement in Monday's newspaper he accomplishes two things: he defers to the sentiment of a large and influential part of the community, and he secures a prom-inence for his business announcements that he could not have in the unwieldy and over-crowded Sunday paper. We do not know but this has come to be a ques-tion of conscience with the merchant, or it may be only a shrewd business policy; we pass no judgment on his motives, but we commend his act to the consideration of other retail merchants. Indeed, we won-der that it never before occurred to some of them that there were advantages in  "pandering to the moral sentiment of the community." The people who are the largest buyers in this city are people who wish Sunday observed, not with Puritanic rigidity, but with some decency and order. They are thoughtful people, and they recognize the fact that of all the influence promoting the descration of the Lord's day the Sunday newspaper is the most powerful and the most unscrupulous. Therefore it is safe to say that they will not be less disposed than before to buy of a merchant who shows respect for the day they reverence.ŠThe Examiner and Na-tional Baptist, Dec. 13, 1894. The Pope Throws Another Sop to the Greek Church. ROME, DEC. 6.ŠA papal decree, the outcome of the recent conferences looking to the reunion of the Roman and Eastern churches, appears to-day. It provides that ecclesiastical colleges founded in the East by the papacy shall be developed in favor of the Eastern Church. The rites of the latter church shall be maintained intact. Any Latin priest trying to proselyte among Greek Christians shall be suspended. Roman Catholics in places where there are no priests of that church may attend services held by priests of the Eastern rite without prejudice to their own religion. No more Roman Catholic colleges may be established in the East without papal per-mission. The pope will found colleges and churches there. All members of the Eastern Church who live outside Eastern sees will receive in-struction according to the rites of their own church, and those who have embraced the Roman Catholic faith can return to the Eastern rites.ŠNew York World, Dec. 7, 1894. " Before He Is Twenty," --ORŠ " Five Perplexing Phases of the Boy Question." IS A VERY HELPFUL BOOK FOR PARENTS. IT is divided into five chapters, by as many different writers, each treating of a particular phase of a boy s life. The first chapter, "THE BOY AND His FATHER," by Robert J. Bur-dette, is alone worth many times the price of the book to any father of a young boy. The other chapters, " WHEN HE DECIDES," " THE BOY IN THE OFFICE," "HIS EVENINGS AND AMUSEMENTS," and " LOOKING TOWARD A WIFE," are all important and helpful. . 104 pages, bound in cloth, embossed in jet and gold, price, - - - 75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, New York City. MEMOIRS OF EDWIN BAINBRIDGE.ŠThe subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tarawera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. --ADDREssŠ PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 