544 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. lief that-- a considerable force -will have to there until next spring in order to properly safe-guard American interests." " Until next spring "Šand what will'he the situa-tion in China next spring? Will it be more favor-able to withdrawal than the present situation, or less favorable? Nobody can tell. Meanwhile it is evi- dent that Germany and Russia,and possibly Japan  are bent on a military occupation of China, with war CHICAGO, AUGUST 30, 1900. Any one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. CUBA is to have independence if the constitution its representatives are about to adopt suits the United StatesŠthat is, independence, depending on the approval of this Government. But how can that which depends on something ejse be independence? ot AN idea which was strenuously opposed by Gen-eral Logan and other army leaders who had much to do with instituting Decoration Day, is now com-ing again to the front in the G. A. R. organization; namely, that of transferring Decoration Day to Sun-dayŠuniting patriotism with religion. This is sig-nificant, especially for those who oppose Sunday. A PROPOSED conference of delegates of Protes-tant churches in Saragossa, Spain, has been forbid-den by the Spanish authorities on the ground that such a meeting would be a demonstration against the state religion. English and American residents in Spain are reported as being surprised and alarmed. But the course of the Spanish gov-ernment is perfectly logical. A Protestant confer-ence would certainly be against the Catholic re-ligion, and the Spanish state being joined with this religion is bound to protect it as far as it can by the exercise of its power. The state can not be religi-ous without laying its hand upon all religions op-posed to the religion it has espoused. .4 .4  THERE is much said aboutŁ the desirability of a speedy withdrawal of the American troops from China, but nothing to that end is being done. On the contrary, a Washington dispatch to the N. Y. Tribune says that the " exp'ectations that all the United States troops will be withdrawn from north.  China before winter sets in are giving way to a be- if the Chinese resist, and thus the, outlook promises more serious complications there as time goes on. It is pointed out by those who believe the Gov-ernment can and should withdraw from China at once, that when the allies entered the Chinese capi-tal in 186o, "Lord —Elgin promptly treated with the Prince Kung "Šthe emperor having fled with his household to. the interiorŠ" and effected a 'com-plete settlement of the war within two weeks after the Chinese emperor's summer palace had been burned by the allied troops." Times have wonder-fully changed since 1860. "WHAT is called political morality is a delicate and, flexible code at best," says the New York Even-ing Post, " and just now," it adds, " there is much need of " guarding it against an onslaught of pure barbarism." Yes; as events frequently show, civilization is quite as likely to be assailed by barbarism from within as from without. ot .4 A MAN named Hege sends us a post-card from Asheville, N. C., stating it has been decided there that preaching the gospel on the public square in Asheville is a nuisance; that a Methodist clergy-man had been arrested for the offense and put under bond. It is conceivable that there might be circum-stances under which preaching in a public place would be a nuisance, and as we are not informed of the circumstances bearing on this matter, we are not prepared to pass judgment. They must be very ex-ceptional, however, to justify the course reported as taken by the Asheville authorities. THERE are new wars and new rumors of war,-but no cessation of conflicts begun within the last year. How long is this to continue and Łto what will it lead?'  