11-10 SENTINEL OF .LII3ERTY. 553 the Roman state. was " invaded by open violence, or different forms; they are the forces of the world, undermined by slow decay, a pure and humble re-  the flesh, and the devil. Christianity is therefore ligion_ gently insinuated itself into the hearts of able to fight its own battles without the help of any men, grew up in silence and obscurity, derived state. It should seek the power of God, and 'that new vigor from opposition, and finally ,erected the alone, and, doing this, it is sure to triumph. triumphant banner of the cross on the ruins of the capitol." (Gibbon's " Decline and Fall," chap. 15, par. I.) The Secret of the Wonderful Triumph. The secret of this wonderful triumph is in part beautifidly given by Draper. With its innumerable temples and shrines on which the wealth of succeed ing ages had been lavished, vith all its pride and philosophy and superstition, "paganism presented in-herent weakness, infidelity and cheerless prospects." As in all religion save that of the blessed Master, it was cold and formal, leaving the heart hungry, " giving itself no concern for the lowly and unfor-tunate." " On the other side was Christianity; with its enthusiasm and burning faith; its rewards in this life and everlasting happiness in the next; its prose-lyting spirit; its vivid dogmas of the resurrection from the dead, the approaching end, of the world, and the judgment day." " To the needy Christian the., charities of the faithful were freely given; to the desolate, sympathy. In every congregation there were prayers to God ,that he would listen to the sighing of the prisoner and captive, and have mercy on those who were ready to die. For the slave and his master there was one law and one hope, one baptism, one Saviour, one Judge. In times of domestic bereavement the Christian slave doubtless often consoled his pagan mistress with'  the suggestion that our present separations are only for a little while, and revealed to her willing ear that there is another world, a land in which we re-join our dead. How is it possible to arrest the spread of a faith which can make the broken heart leap with joy?" (Draper's " Intellectual Develop-ment," vol, 1, pp. 268, 269.) Genuine Christianity has to-clay the same truths, the same enthusiasm, the same burning faith, and deathless hope, and limitless love. Better -than all else, it has the same Almighty God back of it, and the same divine Christ who has promised to be with his children always, "even unto the end of the world." The forces which are arrayed against true Christianity to-day are only the same they have ever been, manifesting themselves perhaps under  G. E. FIFIELD. THE PASSING OF THE CONSTITUTION. (Concluded.) GOVERNMENT limited only by "the law of free-Ł do'm instinct in its own being " has had already,more than its day in the world, for it was carried on almost without interruption from Nimrod to the rise of the American Republic. Then was declared and instituted " a new order of things "ŠNovus Ordo Seclorum. But the old order of things is now rapidly becoming the new order of things. It is. marvelous that in the last year of the nineteenth century, and in the American Republic at that, there should, be any one so blind to all the lessons of his-tory as to be advocating the administration of gov-ernment subject only to " the law of freedom instinct in its own being." True, this limitation was suffi-cient for the governments of Charles V., Louis XIV., and Napoleon, and it may answer the purposes of the Czar and other autocrats whose " free hand " will admit of no restraint upon their authority and no constitutional protection for their subjects. But for a free people who expect to secure to them-selves and their posterity the inestimable blessings-of civil and religious liberty, this proposed guaran-tee is more than inadequate; it is insulting. They will either refuse to subscribe to this doctrine 'for a single day, or their liberties will perish. Let the doctrine which the Tribune advocates once become prevalent and paramountŠand it now seems to be the paramount idea with most of the men who con-trol the government and the great newspapers of the countryŠand the way is open for the repetition in this country of all the tyrannies and oppressions with which arbitrary and unlimited power has cursed the earth. The Constitution the Safeguard. So "Congress has full lesislative power, subject only to the fundamental safeguards of liberty, justice and personal rights?'" And yet Congress is not subject to the Constitution, for that would be "to. emasculate American sovereignty by constitutional limitation's." This is language which the American, 