168 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 21. 'I12e An2eFical2  ger2tir2e1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JUNE 19, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE Advance urges that because the Presi-dent and Postmaster-General are church-members they should see to it that the Louisiana State Lottery be not allowed to use the United States mails in their swindling business. No lottery should be permitted to use the mails ; but an ap-peal to the officers of the Government to enforce the laws should not be based upon the fact that they are church-members. If it be true that Pres-ident Harrison ought to officially do certain acts because of his religious belief, it follows that an-other President, holding different religious views, should act differently. Every President should execute the laws faithfully, whatever his individ-ual opinions and religious preferences may be. WE learn from the Pearl of Days that the Particular Synod (Dutch Reformed), of New Brunswick, held in Philadelphia May 8, adopted unanimously a resolution condemning Sunday papers for interfering with worship and prevent-ing attendance at the house of God. The reso-lution earnestly requested all their members to re-fuse to buy or read any such papers. This is certainly a proper way of getting at the matter. It is perfectly right for those who are conscien-tiously opposed to reading secular papers on Sunday to refuse to do so, but that is a very dif-ferent thing from demanding laws to prohibit the publication of such papers, or to prevent those from reading them that wish to. So long as the various churches confine themselves to adopting resolutions requesting their members not to pat-ronize Sunday papers, they will be tending strictly to their own business, and we have no fault to find with them.  Ł- - WE have received from a friend in Cleveland, Ohio, a copy of a paper entitled _Herald of Re-form,, Rev. Jas. P. Mills, A. M., editor and mana-ger. This gentleman is also district secretary of the National Reform Association, and State sec-retary of the American Sabbath Union, and of course an ardent National Reformer. The number which we have received is "Vol. 3, No. 5," dated May 15, 1889, which fact de-mands some explanation, since the paper is only a monthly, and the first number was issued in Jan-uary, 1888, and the second in April of the same year. The explanation, as given by the publisher himself, is that the volumes have been stuffed to make it appear that the paper is old and well established. It is desirable to give this impression, says the honest publisher, that they may get a better advertising patronage, and also make it appear that the paper " has come to stay." From the standpoint of ordinary mortals, this would scarcely seem to be honest, but it is proba-bly all right with National Reformers. Of course the paper is an ardent advocate of the legal en-forcement of the law of God as understood by National Reformers, but we would suggest that while professedly advocating some portions of the decalogue so earnestly, the editor should not neg- lect the ninth commandment, which is under-stood to forbid falsehood. We shall keep an eye on the Herald of Reform to see if it profits by our advice. .* Ł eŁ  THE Argus, Leadville, Colorado, has an article on "Sunday, Its Use and Abuse," in which, refer-ring to the Sunday-Rest bill, it says:Š " Clearly stated, the purpose of that bill is to compel a day, not of rest but of worship. It may be admitted that both are linked together in the bill, but the feat- ure is the latter compulsion. In other words, it is a covert attempt to enforce a day= of worship rather than to secure for the toilers a day of rest and re- cuperation. The enforcement of such legislation would be a flagrant abuse." And of the proposed amendment providing that the principles of the Christian religion shall be taught in the public schools, the Argus says:Š " Religion does not require this sort of a constitu-tional amendment; the people do not want it. More than that, they will not have it." That the Argus gives utterance to these senti-ments not from opposition to religion but from love of simple justice is apparent from the follow-ing item clipped from another page of the same paper :Š " The arrest of the Salvation Army in Leadville was an unmitigated outrage, and ought to bring the blush of shame to a city government which allows, without a word of protest, the almost daily parades of a band hired for the purpose by the proprietor of the most notoriously infamous dive in the city. The of- ficers are not, of course, to be censured for obeying the instructions of the council, but that body should have shown a little more respect for the fundamental laws of the land. If the parade was criminal in its purpose, or resulted in a breach of the public order, there would then have been justification for the arrest; but it cannot be alleged that any crimes were committed as a consequence of the parades, or that they were productive of riot or disorder. The action of the council was in derogation of all the tenets of common law and decency, and was very properly characterized by the bar of the city as an outrageous discrimination against an inoffensive class of citizens." We are free to confess that Salvation Army methods are not according to our ideas of the fit-ness of things, but this A not a question of propriety, but of civil and religious rights, and we maintain that as a matter of simple justice they have the right to worship God just as they please, and to parade with music, just as any other organization is permitted to parade. No attempt to regulate religious worship by law should be tolerated for a moment in this country. Georgia Starts the Machine. THE following indictment by the Grand Jury of Forsyth County, Georgia, is probably all that need to be said on the subject just now. It would seem that the mere reading of the indictment to any intelligent jury ought to secure the prompt acquittal of the accused. The trial, we under-stand, is to come off in August. We shall watch the case and let our readers know the result. STATE OF GEORGIA, Forsyth County. The Grand Jury, in the name and behalf of the citizens of Georgia, charge and accuse Day Conklin, of the county and State aforesaid, with the offense of misdemeanor for that the said Day Conklin, on the second day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, in the county aforesaid, with force and arms did unlawfully, then and there, pursue the work of his ordinary calling upon the said second day of December, eighteen hundred  and eighty-eight, which was then and there the Lord's day, by cutting timber and clearing lands and by digging and other work then and there, did said work and said cutting timber and said clearing and said digging, not then and there being work of charity, and not then and there being work of necessity, the said Day Conklin then and there be-ing a tradesman, the said Day Conklin then and there being an artificer, the said Day Conklin then and there being a workman, the said Day Conklin then and there being a laborer, the said Day Conklin then and there being a farmer, Contrary to the laws of said State, the good or-der, peace, and dignity thereof. Forsyth Superior Court, Feb. term, 1889. GEO. R. BROWN, Solicitor-Gen. Both on the Same Platform. " CARDINAL GIBBONS," says the Christian Guardian (Toronto), "recently denounced, in a dedication sermon, any interference for the pur-pose of suppressing a certain Sunday-school which had been established in Baltimore for the pro-mulgation of infidel doctrine. The Cardinal took the ground that he would be sorry to see the arm of the civil law used toward the suppres-sion of the school, and added that as our Saviour never had recourse to the arm of the law or tl-e sword in teaching his doctrine, the only weapons to be used against the school were those of argu-ment and persuasion. The Cardinal's remarks have drawn forth the following observations from Joseph Cook :Š " Cardinal Gibbons seems to be in danger of Papal excommunication. He teaches in a recent sermon that the civil law should not be used to suppress heresy. A recent and famous syllabus declares that " it is a deadly error to teach that the force of the State may not be used to suppress dissent from Roman Catholicism." Cardinal Gibbons, in trying to pur-suade Americans that Vaticanism has no claws, is endeavoring to cover a very large wolf with the skin of a very small lamb." It comes with rather bad grace for Joseph Cook to accuse Cardinal Gibbons of insincerity in this matter, though of course everybody ought to know that no thorough Papist can from his heart disa-vow that recent and famous syllabus; but Joseph Cook can find no reasonable fault with it, for it is only a concise statement of that which he, as a -National Reformer, advocates most untiringly. Of course Mr. Cook would object to the Catholic Church using the power of the State in its inter-ests, but as a National Reformer he admits the principle, and is in that respect no whit better than Cardinal Gibbons, the only difference being that one is a Catholic and the other a so-called Protestant. ŠSigns of the Times. IN proportion as the ecclesiastics became co-legislators, heresies became civil crimes, and liable to civil punishments.ŠDean Milman. THE ANIXIIICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fa . Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - 75e. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 6s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 