MARCH 28, 1895. .A1VIEJE ELI CA.N increase comes wholly from men out of work. "A large number," the chief constable adds, "are short-service soldiers, some belonging to the Army Reserve. These men draw their deferred pay in a lump on leaving the army, go on `the spree' with it, and at once and forever enter the destitute class. A few years ago the Daily News showed how the short service term was making paupers and crowding the southern counties with them. " And now," exclaims the Christian, " ye secretaries of Boys' Brigades and ye ministers and officers of the same, when ye admit 16,539 boys taken with your guile! and only 2,102 with your Bible classes!! are you not whetting the boys' appetite for at least a short service term in an army somewhere ? " We cordially indorse this pro-test. The Boys' Brigade movement is a singular ad-mixture of the military, and the religious spirit, and as such deserves the opposition which the friends of peace have been offering to it. We hope our contemporary will hold to this truth,Šthat you can't make a boy a Christian by teaching him military tactics; and that this may lead to an understanding .of kindred truths, one of which is that you can't make a man a Christian by law. CHURCH OR JAIL. UNDER the heading " Church or Jail," a contemporary publishes the following unusual facts regarding the action of a Rockford (Ill.) judge:Š , Police Magistrate Morrison has adopted a unique method of inflicting punishment on offenders. Two prisoners, one convicted of drunkenness and one of beating his wife, were sentenced Tuesday morning and' the court suspended their sentences so long as they attend church regularly. One is in doubt as to the object the judge had in view in this extraordinary proceeding. Does he regard church-going as a punishment, or as a means of reformation, or both? Such proceedings; however, are quite in harmony with the decisions of State and Federal judges that Christianity is a part of the common law, and that " this is a Christian nation." The judge evaded a very important question in not designating what church the culprits should attend. It is now in order to decide who are the Christians, and then judges can order convicts to attend the " legitimate and most holy " church. IS MASSACHUSETTS HARD OF HEARING? GOVERNOR G-REENHALGE, of Massachusetts, recently addressed a compulsory Sunday ob-servance meeting in Boston, and among other things, said:Š I came here, my friends, as an individual, and I may say, also, as an official of the commonwealth of Massachusetts. I am bound by my oath to support and to execute the laws of the commonwealth, and as one of those laws gives official sanction to the Lord's day, I am pledged to see, as far as I can, that the day is kept holy. (Applause.) Massachusetts, kneeling upon the desolate seashore, two-and-a-half centuries ago, heard the thunder of this Sabbath law from Sinai, and wrote it into her statute book. There it is to-day, and, I prophesy, there it will remain forever. (Great applause.) Here is no mincing matters; no attempt to hide the .religious character of Sunday laws behind the " civil Sabbath " mask. The governor proposes to enforce the thunders of Sinai upon all the people. But who delegated the governor to interpret and enforce the divine will ? Is he the vicegerent of the Almighty ? Is lie the Moses of this modern theocracy ? The governor, says Massachusetts heard the thunder of this Sabbath law from Sinai and wrote it into her statute books. Massachu-setts must be hard of hearing. =What is in the statute books is not at all like the thun-derings of. Sinai. The Massachusetts statute requires the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, while the Sinaitic law says  " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work." However this is as near the truth as any self-constituted representative of God ever gets. CONGRESS HAS RUINED SUNDAY. THE makers and preservers of the " Ameri-can Sabbath " are in trouble. In 1892 they forced from Congress the first legislation in the history of the nation touching Sunday sacredness. It was the fruits of a long and bitter fight. They had secured State recog-nition of the Sunday Sabbath, but to make the "American Sabbath " complete, it must be sanctioned by the national legislature. Con-gress yielded, and the " American Sabbath" was finished. When the final vote was taken, the " Christian lobbyists " in the gallery arose and amid great rejoicing, declared, " Now we've got it." Congress had made them a Sabbath, and they were happy. But now Congress has spoiled the " Ameri-can Sabbath; " utterly rained it. It held business sessions all day Sunday, March 3, and thus desecrated what a preceding Con- gress had sanctified. Of course the Sunday-law people are angry. But what can they do ? " Turn the rascals " out, of course, and vote in another Congress that will reestablish the sanctity of the " American Sabbath." The following is one of the resolutions passed with this end in view, by the eastern PennSylvania conference of the United Evangelical Church at Schuykill Haven, Pa., March 7:Š Resolved, That we are deeply grieved by the godless action of our National Congress in having Sunday sessions and consider it an insult to this Christian nation, whose representatives they are, and hold that if any of the men who are guilty of the above offense should at any time seek the suffrage of their fellow-citizens for offices of public trust, every Christian should deem it his duty to oppose them by voice and ballot. If all these Sunday-law people would ex-change their man-made Sunday Sabbath for the " Sabbath of the Lord," a day sanctified by the Lord himself and which does not de-pend on human law for its holiness, they would not have to spend their time making a Congress to make and preserve the "American Sabbath." " CHRISTIAN UNITY " A SHAM. THE following letter regarding the so-called " Christian Unity " movement, of the Bay Cities, Mich., published in the Bay City Times-Press, of March 8, will be of interest to those who are watching the movement in these cities, which has for its object the union of Protestantism and Catholicism. The letter is written by Rev. C. H. Irving, a Baptist minister:Š Rev. H. J. Johnson, Secretary Bay City Ministerial AssociationŠ My Dear Brother : Through you I wish to present my withdrawal from the Ministerial Association of the Bay Cities. For my brother pastors I have the sincerest regard and have always enjoyed the Christian fellowship manifested at our gatherings. Since it has seemed wise, however, for the association to enter into a movement inappropriately called " Christian Unity," I deem it consistent with my convictions and honor as a Christian and a Baptist to have no further con-nection with the association. While I would regret to question the motives of my brethren who have thrust this matter on the associa-tion, Yet I do regard it as very unwise and disloyal. - As far as I am personally concerned, there can be no fellowship between Roman Catholic clergymen and myself. I certainly would not occupy the position I do for a moment if I did not believe that the Roman hierarchy was corrupt from root to branch. If I did not believe that Catholicism was injurious to its followers and one of the greatest enemies to our nation, that its teaching is idolatrous and ruinous;  that it practically ignores the plain teachings of God's Word, whatever its claims are to the contrary; that it is the determined enemy of free speech, free schools and soul liberty,Šif I did not firmly and with sub-stantial reasons believe these things, then I would step down and out of the pulpit. Personally I could not be loyal to my Catholic fel-low-citizens, to my convictions as a Christian minister, to the Word of God as interpreted by the Holy Spirit, to the flag of my country, or to the trust committed to inc by my God, if I did not preach the truth about the errors of Roman Catholicism, and do so fearlessly, fully, and in love. It cannot be possible that the brethren are ignorant that the "Christian Unity" movement, so-called, is a sham. If so, let them read " St. Mary's Parish Mes-senger," January, 1895, page 5. Speaking of how the Protestants rally to the support of their churches, it concludes by saying: " See what is done to keep up error and heresy; see how a false religion is sup-ported." This article is signed by " Your Devoted Pastors." This is the second act in the "Christian Unity" movement, and I am confident that a discern-ing public will await with no small interest the third and final act in this farce. Fraternally, C. H. IRVING. One of " Your Devoted Pastors" here referred to is Jos. Schrembs, pastor of St. Mary's Catholic Church, and one of the priests con-nected with the " Christian Unity " move-ment. It would appear that while he was engaged in public love-feast demonstrations with Protestant ministers, he was telling,  his people that the religion of these ministers is " error and heresy," " a false religion," etc. While the " Christian Unity" movement put padlocks on the Protestant ministers' me-411s, so that they dared not preach Bible truth regarding the papacy, the priest continued to tell what he believed to be the truth about Protestantism. No man can preach the gos-pel without offending the papacy. The Protestantism of to-day is on better terms with Roman Catholicism than formerly, but it is because it has compromised the truth. There can be no true love manifested)  in a movement which compromises the truth of the gospel. A true Protestant will tell the truth about Roman Catholicism in love, even though it cost his life, but he will not coin-'promise with the "mystery of iniquity," " BEFORE CONSCIENCE IS LAW." THE Baptist Examiner, of this city, is making a noble fight against religious intol-erance. In its issue of January 31, it said: '.' There is a deplorable ignorance as to what constitutes religious liberty. To a large pro-portion of the human race, religious liberty means the right to believe as I please, and act accordingly. Others mistake religious tolera-tion for liberty." Referring to the persecu-tion of seventh-day observers for laboring on Sunday, the Examiner further says, " In not a few States religious liberty is grossly, wick-edly, infamously violated through abuse of what are called the Sunday laws." After nar-rating a few of the cases of persecution in the States of Arkansas, Tennessee, Maryland, Georgia and Pennsylvania, the editor con-tinues :Š It is amazing how good people fail to understand what are the principles in this matter. At the last; quarterly meeting of the Philadelphia Ministers' Union, the writer [Dr. Wayland] proposed a resolution to the effect that the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794 should not be used for the violation of religious lib-erty in the case of quiet and conscientious citizens who, having observed the seventh day as a day of rest and worship, perform on the first day of the week such labor as does not interfere with the religious rights of their fellow-citizens. This resolution was opposed by one speaker on the ground that it was very dangerous to open the door at all, or in the least to relax the requirements of the law; by another, on the ground that very few cases of hardship occurred under the law; and by another, on the ground that if this resolution were adopted, it would be necessary also to exempt those who observe Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or any other day of time week. At last a master-stroke was effected. A member called 