AMERICAN SENTINEL.. 11. Thus, " The boldest measures of the French Revolu-tion in regard to the Church, were justified beforehand from the point of view of the purest monarchical tradi-tion." It " was only a. rigorous application of the max-ims of the ancient monarchy. It was simply Gallicanism to the utmost." "It is well to remind the detractors of the French Revolution, that the National Assembly in this radical measure only imbibed the principles of the ancient French Monarchy." (De Pressense, "The Church and the French Revolution.") And these principles of the ancient FrenCh Monarchy were derived altogether from the national reli-gion. "The representatives of the ancient society . . . imagined that the very foundations had been removed, whereas the maxims of their fathers were being turned against them." And now, just now, there are national combinations of religionists, determined to fasten upon the United States their religion as the national religion. As we have shown, they have already made much progress. It is proposed by them that the State needs this, and must do it by national acts for its own good. With what they have already gained, they are certain to succeed in their designs. And as certainly as this shall come to pass, so certainly it will soon be found that instead of being for the good of the nation, it is the greatest evil that ever befell the nation, and inevitably threatens only the ruin of the nation. Then a demand will be made that for the good of the nation this religion shall be officially repudi-ated by the nation as such. Bear in mind also that this religion is now proposed to the nation for adoption as Christianity. It is not Christianity, but it is proposed as essentially and only Christianity. It has ]:)een adopted, and it will be further favored, as Christianity; and when found necessary to be repudiated it will be treated still as Christianity. And intentionally to repudiate Christianity, even though this be brought about through apostate and false Christian-ity, is to land in atheism. And for the national author-ity to do this, is to land in national atheism. This is as certain now as it was before. And thus this nation, by encouraging this proposed national religion, will throw itself, as did France, into the terrible strait between the curse of a religious despotism working only certain ruin, and the curse of a national atheism which can work nothing less. Will the people, will Congress, will the na-tion, take warning in time? And by keeping themselves clear of all semblance of recognition of a national reli-gion, will they "do all in their power to enable this nation to escape the ruin which is but the logical result of the establishment of an exclusive national religion ? THE French Revolution and the United States Gov-ernment began in the same year. In the year 1789, and because of genuine respect to Christianity, the United States rejected all seinblance of  national religion, holding that no national religion is. Christianity. Thus in the Constitution of the United States was embodied the very principle announced by Jesus Christ for earthly government, when he said, "My kingdom is not of this world; " "Render unto Ca3sar the things that are Ceesar's, and unto God the.  things that are God's ; " " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." In the year 1789, began the French RevolutionŠthe ievitable logic of an exclusive national religionŠan at-tempt of the French nation to relieve itself of the unbear-able curse which had been put upon it in the exclusive es. tablishment of a national- religion. This religion was held to be Christianity, and because of its abominable practices and unbearable oppression, was hated and re-pudiated, and the nation was plunged into national atheism as the only escape. Thus in these two nations in the same year God set before the world those two all-important lessons as to the right way and the wrong way. These lessons have been before the nations ever since for their instruction: By the example of the United States the other nations were led gradually but constantly in the right way. But now, against Scripture, against the Constitution and every fundamental principle of the United States, against blessed experience, and in the very face of the terrible warning of the French Revolution, the allied religious forces of the United States are determined to accom-plish here the establishment of an exclusive national re-ligion. Is it possible that the American people will allow themselves and-the national power thus to be carried captive to error that cannot possibly mean anything but ruin "To this day the problem entered upon in 1789 is still before us."ŠDe Pressense. ssati  Saul of Tarsus, Not Paul the Apostle. BY 0. F. CAMPBELL. "AND Saul, yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord, went unto the high priest, and desired of him letters to Damascus to the synagogues, that if he found any of this way, whether they were men or women, he might bring them bound unto Jerusalem." Acts 9 :1-2. This is Saul of Tarsus. But Paul the Apostle had another spirit. As he him-self was persecuted and stood before King Agrippa for his faith, we hear him give expression, through the ŁSpirit of God, to these words: "I verily thought with myself, that I ought to do many things contrary to the name of Jesus of Nazareth. Which thing I also did in Jerusalem: and many of the saints did I shut up in prison, having recived authority from the chief priests,; and when they 