AINItIsT 10, 1893. A_MRItICAN SVINFPINIant,. 251 no other, so certainly there can be no other sign by which men may know as he is, the true God and Saviour, the true Creator and Sanctifier, than the sign which he has namedŠthe seventh day the Sabbath of the Lord thy God. THEREFORE, this Sabbath question is not a question merely of days as such; it is not a question merely as to whether we shall have one day or another as such; it is a question as to whether we shall worship the one true God or another, and whether we shall have him the one true Saviour or another. It is a question as to whether we shall honor the one true Cre-ator, and have him for our Sanctifier, or another. It is a question as to whether we shall wear the sign of the true God and of His power to save, or whether we shall wear the sign of another and of his powerlessness to save. Which sign do you wear P That other sign and that other proposed saviour we shall examine next week. A. T. J. The Significance of the Sunday- Closing Proviso. THERE has been some dispute as to whether the Sunday-closing proviso in the act appropriating the souvenir coins is law. The legal question may never be answered by authority to which all will bow; but the fact is that whether tech-nically law or not, Congress, by that action, showed its temper on the Sunday ques-tion, and the churches learned their power over Congress and the executive. The proviso did not, it is true, bind the Colum-bian Exposition until the conditions had been accepted by the directory ; but it was from the first law to the Government itself as a whole, and so, indirectly, to the citizens, the integral parts of the Government. The officers of the Govern-mentŠthe servants of the peopleŠwere bound to disburse that money only in accordance with the terms of the act appropriating it. Under the United States Constitution as it is, Congress could scarcely have done more to give governmental recognition to"kunday than it did in the Sunday-cloffng proviso. The technical designa-tion of the act does not affect its signifi-cance in the least. By its decision of February 29, 1892, that this is "a Chris-tian. Nation," and that for that reason Congress could not forbid the importation of Christian ministers, the Supreme Court created in this country the very relation between the Church and the State that has always been the distinguishing feature of the Papacy, namely, subordination of the State to the Church. And by the Sunday-closing proviso Congress gave practical recognition to that evil principle, appropriating $2,500,000 to purchase the observance not only of a religious institu-tion, but of an institution which is the distinguishing mark of an apostate and fallen church. The significance of the Supreme Court decision of February 29, 1892, in the mat-ter of Trinity Church, this city, and of the action of Congress in conditioning an ap-propriation upon the observance of a re-ligious institution, can scarcely be over-estimated. The Supreme Court might very properly have found in the First Amendment to the Federal Constitution itself ground for the decision that clergy-men could not be excluded under the con-tract labor law. To forbid any congre- gation to employ whoever it saw fit as pastor would certainly be interfering with the free exercise of religion, and so in violation of the Constitution ; but ignor-ing this very proper ground, the court went back of the Constitution, to the Co-lonial Charters, and to the customs and sentiment of the people, and there found a law, which is, in effect, declared to be above even the Constitution ; and this higher law is simply the Christian senti-ment of the people ; and in effect the Supreme Court says that no legislation can be valid if in opposition to that senti-ment; thus subordinating the powers of the Government to that sentiment; or in other words, subordinating the secular to the religious, the State to the Church. The Christian sentiment of the country is embodied in the Church, and the Church must declare that sentiment. But if the courts are to take cognizance of that sentiment and decide questions in accordance with it, it follows as certainly as night follows day, that the Church is above the court, and indeed, above the whole Government, for it holds the legis-lation of the Nation in its hands. And to this wicked principle Congress bowed when it yielded to the clamor of the churches and appropriated money on the condition that the Columbian Exposition should observe a religious institution, the "Christian Sabbath," enforced, as Congress by its action declared, by the fourth com-mandment of the Decalogue. C. P. B. Chicago Correspondence. The Wo,rld's Fair Opened Again. ON Sunday, July 23, the World's Fair was closed. On Sunday, July 30, it is open. It was closed by the order of the directors and it is open again to-day by the order of the directors, who had the right in both cases to do as they saw fit, so far as the business management of the Fair is concerned. If the contention in the Clingman case, as upheld by the in-junction of Judge Stein, that Jackson Park, upon which is the World's Fair, is public property and cannot be closed to the people of the State of Illinois at any time, that is entirely another question with which the World's Fair authorities and the people of the State of Illinois have to deal. Much has been said by the Sunday-clos-ing press as to the power which secured the closing of the World's Fair last Sun-day, with the expectation that the question was definitely settled and the Fair would remain closed on Sundays throughout the rest of its existence. They attributed the success of the closing movement at that time to the working of Providence and the direct intervention of the power of God. Joseph Cook, of Boston, and Rev. J. L. Withrow, of this city, both echoed that thought in sermons delivered here last Sunday. Dr. Withrow said directly, " The power which closed the gates was God Almighty; so we believe and rejoice to believe." But the very next Sunday the Fair gates are open. If it was the power of Almighty God which closed the gates on the first Sunday, is it possible that the power of Almighty God has been subverted the very next Sunday by a greater power and authority and the gates have been opened in defiance of him and his edict ? It is impossible. Dr. Withrow and the Sunday-closers are at fault. The  power of God and his authority are not evidenced in this matter as they think. That which has opened the Fair upon this Sunday, is the hesitation of the World's Fair authorities to put themselves in an-tagonism to a decree of the State Court which enjoins them from closing Jackson Park to the public on Sunday. They have not thought it wise and politic to run any further risk of the penalties which may be affixed to such contempt of the author-ity of a court of their State. The gates were closed on last Sunday in deference to the influence which men have brought to bear upon the World's Fair board. It is open to-day in deference to the same power and authority, emanating from another source and opposed to the first. That Which is interested in and exercising its influence in this case, is not the power of God Almighty at all, as Dr. Withrow " believes and rejoices to believe," but the power of man. Unfortunately, this case does not take into consideration the national and constitutional question as to whether Congress had a right to interfere in the ordering of matters of religion in the State of Illinois, and in Jackson Park, during the continuance of the World's Fair; consequently, the question of civil liberty in religious matters does not, as yet, openly enter into the matter as brought before Judge Stein. Strictly and technically, the contention upon which the Clingman case is based, is a correct one. Jackson Park, and its use, was dedi-cated to the people of the State of Illinois and their children for ever. No one, properly, has any right to exclude the people of the State of Illinois from that park at any time ; but in view of the equities which have now arisen,Šthrough the vast expenditures which have been made,Šthe question as to what the courts would see fit to decree under such condi-tions, and influenced by the prejudices which are aroused, is quite another thing. Ignorance and malice have ascribed the continuance of this suit to those who stand for the protection of civil liberty in reli-gious affairs in this country,Šthe Seventh-day Adventists and those who agree with the principles which they hold as to the non-interference of Congress, legislatures and courts, in affairs of religion. In such attacks as these it is perfectly clear that whatever does not arise from ignorance, is inspired by malice. The correct prin-ciple espoused by these people, of absolute non-interference of civil law in religion, has become so well known, and has been for a number of years so thoroughly published throughout the country, that to seem to be unaware of the position which they take, is to be self-convicted of either stupidity, ignorance, or a wilful concealment of truth. In the Clingman case, as it stands since the voluntary closing of the gates by the World's Fair management, there is no question of civil liberty in religion in-volved. The contention as to whether the public may be excluded from the park to which it holds an inalienable title is a matter which belongs to the people of the State of Illinois, who are in interest, and does not necessarily involve their relig-ious liberty or that of the country at large. The case, it is expected, will be pushed to a conclusion. During the past week the members of the World's Fair board and the commis-sioners have been summoned to appear before Judge Stein and show cause why they should not be held for contempt of 