54 AMERICAN SENTINEL. and Porto Rico were wrested from the control of "most Catholic Spain," the papacy has been in favor of Amer-ican expansion over all this territory. And in the person of Archbishop Ireland, the papacy has had opportunity to work in very close touch with the Administration. Archbishop Ireland, Martinelli, the papal ablegate, teacher in the Catholic University at Washington, and influential members of the church, in touch with senators and repr&entatives, are all ardent advocates of the scheme, even to the extent of working openly for the annexation of Cuba, in the face of the express promise of the Government made before all the world, to secure Cuban independence. And Cardinal Gibbons has moved to Washington for the winter, that he may the better employ all his resources in bending the Administration to this policy. And why does Rome want annexation of this' terri-tory to the United States? Oh, she has great interests in these islands, in the shape of property taken from the natives and rightful owners by every species of robbery practiced under Spanish dominion; and she wants all this property secured to her under the new order of things. A very substantial reason in her view for favor-ing "expansion," truly! Rome has robbed the people, and by this and other acts of oppression has aroused their enmity and even their hatred. In the Philippines, especially, the religious orders are held in the deepest detestation. Aguinaldo, it is reported, has released all the Spanish prisoners held there, except the friars. If the government of the islands is left to the people that inhabit them, Rome will be - obliged to surrender the enormous holdings of land and other property made over to her under Spanish author-ity, and which rightfully belong to the people. And she wants the American Government to interpose its power and authority to prevent it. Rome knows that this expansion scheme is contrary to the Declaration of Independence, to the Constitution, to every principle of free government, and to everything that the nation has done in behalf of downtrodden races. She knows there is no advantage in it for the American people, but only great expense and unending trouble. She knows, in short, that it is a ruinous policy for this country. Yet she asks the nation to adopt this suicidal course, in order to uphold for her, her most unjust claims in the islands lost by Spain! This is Rome; and this is the scheme she is working to-day against the United States. LAST spring, all over this broad land, with great en-thusiasm and universal approval, the Cuban flag was displayed with the flag of the United States. Jan. 1, 1899, when the flag of the United States was run up in place of the Spanish flag in Cuba, two companies of an Indiana regiment in Cuba held in their hands little Cuban flags. Tor this the two whole companies were court  martialed, and sentenced to spend three days in confine-ment, on bread and water. The officers of the two com-panies petitioned that they, instead of the men, might be allowed to bear the penalty. Their petition was granted; and they were confined to their quarters for a week. And that is how Cuba has been made free!ŠReview and Herald. The Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. 20. BY C. H. KESLAKE. NOTWITHSTANDING that the Pharisees claimed that it was unlawful for Christ to heal upon the Sabbath day, there is perfect harmony in the acts of Christ upon the day with the nature of the day itself. When the foundation of the earth was laid, and the "morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy," the Sabbath was made for man. The earth and all that was in it was in perfect harmony with Him who had created it. And He had created it all by His word. So far as this earth was concerned, sin was unknown, and throughout all there was peace. The love of God was manifested in all things, and the Sabbath was its sign. But sin entered, bringing death and woe. All the sickness and disease that ever was, was due to sin. Therefore the perfect salvation brought by Christ in the gospel included the deliverance from disease as well as from sin of all who would accept it. Thus it is said of the redeemed when they shall enter upon their eternal inheritance: "And the inhabitant shall not say, I am sick; the people that dwell therein shall be forgiven their iniquity." Isa. 33:24. This being so, how natural it was for Christ in for-giving sins to also heal the sinner of his physical mala-dies. And it was done in precisely the same way that the world was createdŠby the power of his word. To forgive a soul his sins, to cleanse him from all un-righteousness, is to bring him into harmony with God; and between that soul and God there is peaceŠrest. Hence Jesus says, `Come unto me, all ye that labor, and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." How appro-priate, therefore, it was that Christ should heal on the Sabbath day,Šthe day of God's rest,Šthe very rest promised to every sin-sick soul, and obtained in Jesus Christ. But the real intent of the Sabbath, its beneficence and blessing, were wholly lost sight of by the Jews in the senseless and burdensome requirements which they had heaped upon the Sabbath day. To set forth the true import of the Sabbath was to do away with the unwarranted traditions of the Phari-sees; but this would be (apparently) to belittle their religion in the eyes of the people. But "the Word of God is not bound;" and, says Christ, "every plant which 