374 Alonon,TCA.N SENT9INI11L. VoL. 8. No. 47. on till so much of the Exposition was invisible that people would not pay their money to see only a fractional part on Sunday. Notwithstanding these well-known facts, the result in Chicago is being used here as a warning that failure to yield to the assumed " Christian senti-ment" will mean disaster to the fair. In the language of a certain organ of the Sunday law movement, " It is not safe to defy the Church." What will be the outcome of the contest in the matter of opening or closing of the Midwinter Fair, it is not the purpose of this article to predict. It is merely in-tended to arouse the people to a sense of the real issue before them, that they may be awake to the designs of a certain class who, in the name of Christianity, and taking advantage of a critical stage in the progress of a popular enterprise, would compel all to a formal observance of a religious institution regardless of their conscientious scruples in the matter. " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." ŠW. N. Glenn, in Sacramento Record-Union. The Power Unto Salvation. No man, no matter how earnestly he may desire, and try even, to get holiness or salvation, if he tries to get it from the law, he gets wrath and wrath only. Why ? Because it takes power, and the power of God, too, and that power has never been revealed to a single sinner, only in the gospel, and, even then, only " to every one that believeth; " " for therein [in the gospel] is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith." Then what must the man get, who, with-out the love or the power of God in his heart, is forced by his fellow-men to go to a national law for holiness ? What can those expect to receive, who, by their own power, have set up this law in the govern-ment, that they might use the power of man in enforcing their own ideas of holi-ness upon poor sinners ? As I look over the many organizations to-day having religious legislation as their prominent purpose, I think of the words of Paul, " They have a zeal of God, but not according to knowledge, for they being ignorant of God's righteousness [the life and power of God, revealed only in the gospel] and going about to establish their own righteousness [the life and power of man, revealed only in the law of force] have not submitted themselves to the righteousness of God." Rom. 10: 2, 3. The only power God has ever revealed to man, that can save him or make him holy, is revealed, not in the law but in the gospel, not in force or fear, but in love. " The goodness of God leadeth thee to repentance." Therefore, when men seek in the law a power to do this work, they can be doing nothing else but leaving the Bible (the only source of true power) and making an open denial of our Lord Jesus Christ; for, says Paul again, " I do not frustrate the grace of God : for if righteousness come by the law then Christ is dead in vain." Gal. 2: 21. Now, I ask, in all sincerity, all who have favored legislating in religious mat-ters, to weigh these things carefully, to see if, perchance, the work you have been advocating and upholding, in honesty, perhaps, is not striking against the Lord and the truth of the Lord, whom you love. I ask you how much holiness you think can ever be forced into a man by law  through a policeman's club or sheriff's irons ? Will you look into the past and tell me how many have been made holy by law ? Philip Schaff, D.D., says truly, " Secular power has proved a satanic gift to the Church, and ecclesiastical power has proved an engine of tyranny in the hands of the State." Which, think you, if you were a poor sinner, like other men, would have the most wholesome effect unto salvation to you; to hear professed ministers of Christ say, " What we want and must have is, more of the gospel of Christ, if we save these sinners," or " What we want, and are going to have, is ' law' in this matter, etc." ? I would, with the spirit of my Master, ask my brethren in the ministry, "Do you not really believe that if as much time and zeal, as has been spent in boycotting, and in lobbying Congress and legislatures, to bring upon our statute books laws to make men hypocrites, and thus bring the " woe " of Christ upon them, had been spent in the closet, seeking God for his power revealed in the gospel; and by the fireside, in the shop and in the field, with their sinful neighbors, pointing them to the Lamb of God that taketh away the sins of the world ; I ask you which course think you would make the most and best Christians, or develop the most and best holiness and salvation ? Which would make the best nation ? We all know that the devil will tremble before this latter work. The ministry and truth would be exalted in the eyes of sinners, and we would hear once more the good old-time cry, " Men and brethren, what must we do to be saved ?" Then we could reply, with the tenderness of Christ, "Repent and be baptized ;" and three thousand in one day might be seen "gladly" receiving the word. But be assured that such a work is not the result of the power of man, through the enforcement of moral law upon the bodies of men, but the " power of God " through his Holy Spirit, shining in the gospel into the hearts of men, writing there his perfect law of love, with all the tender, touching lessons of Calvary. " Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus," and the weapons of your warfare will cease to be carnal, and will become spiritual and " mighty through God, to the pulling down of strongholds." Your sword will be only " the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God." You can say, " If any man hear my word, and believe it not, I judge him not," and " Whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely." Then, even sinners will call us blessed, and the good Lord will say at last, " Well done." A. E. PLACE. A Lesson to Ecclesiastics. THE New York Examiner, of Nov. 23, has among its editorial paragraphs this lesson for ecclesiastics :Š The Roman Catholic clergy of the ',Province of Quebec are much chagrined by a discovery they have just made;  namely, that priests are subject to the civil law, like other mortals. The archbishop of Quebec put certain publications under the ban and ordered all good Catholics to refrain from reading them, because they had spoken plain words about the scandalous conduct of an ecclesias-tic. An action for damages to the amount of fifty thousand dollars was brought by the publishers, and there is an excellent prospect that this ecclesi-astical boycotter will be compelled to pay hand-somely for his indiscretion. The idea that an ecclesiastic can ruin a legitimate business by a word, and be responsible to nobody for speaking it, may be very pleasing to those who have been in the habit of tyrannizing thus over the community, but  it is quite intolerable to every one else. Catholics, who have breathed the free air of America, are as little inclined as Protestants to submit to the des-potism of priests in matters not spirituaL The thought which inspired this para-agraph is commendable; the inferences from it lead to just and sound conclusions. But will the Examiner accept all the con-clusions ? Grant that ecclesiastic inter-ference to ruin legitimate business, exer-cised by Roman Catholics in the Province of Quebec, is a "despotism of priests in matters not spiritual"to which no man should submit, then would similar inter-ference in the the United States be any different ? And. would it change the prin-ciple any if the ecclesiastics in question were Protestant rather than Roman Cath-olic ? Is there any reason why an ecclesiastical boycotter of one denomination in Canada should be condemned, and many ecclesias-tical boycotters of another denomination in the United States be commended ? What is the religious legerdemain which can make that which is tyrannous and despotic, in the Province of Quebec, a most cherished and freely exercised pre-rogative of the Christian Church in the United States ? The boycott is tyranny. It is no less tyrannous when instigated by a Protestant minister, in the United States, than when ordered by a Catholic priest in a province subject to the English crown. Who is will-ing to deny so plain a proposition ? And if it cannot be denied, to what legitimate conclusions must it lead ? Must not the inevitable conclusion be that it was an ex-ercise of ministerial despotism, when the Protestant clergy of this country threat ened congressmen with the ban of their religious and political displeasure, if Con-gress should not pass a measure to close the World's Fair on Sunday ? Can the conviction be avoided that the attempts which ecclesiastics of this country have made to ruin the business of the World's Fair, and of corporations, and of individ-uals, by their words, and be responsible to nobody for speaking them,, is pleasing only to those who are in the habit of tyrannizing thus over the community, but quite intolerable to every one else ? What is the particular odor of unsanc-tity which attaches to a Roman Catholic boycott, from which a Protestant boycott is free? Is "Protestant"such a name to conjure with that merely prefixing it in the place of " Roman Catholic " should make the boyoott smell as sweet incense to heaven ? There is no such virtue in names. No prefixing of any denomina-tional name can make the boycott any-thing else than tyrannous and wicked. W. H. M. Appropriations for Denominational Indian Schoois. [The Independent, for November 16, has an article under the title " A Year of Indian Affairs," from which this paragraph is taken.] WE have been told, over and over again, that the Protestant denominations have withdrawn or are withdrawing from con-nection with the Government in their Indian schools; and yet we find that the same amount, $30,090, is allotted, in 1894, for Presbyterian contract schools, as was allotted last year, although that for the Congregational schools has been reduced from $25,736, in 1893, to $8,950, for 1894. It is true that the Presbyterians have postponed the date of withdrawing from the Government but for the Congregation- 