68 TI4E .A1VIRRICAN SE,`NTINE, agree about what religious instruction ought to be administered in the common schools. The priest on his part would re-gard the scheme favored by the preacher, and the preacher on his the scheme favored by the priest, as distinctly worse than the exclusively secular scheme, which they agree only in denouncing as " godless." The Protestant platform as laid down by the Methodists would meet with the entire concurrence of the Roman Catholics who are trying to secure a division of the school fund and to secure the support of their own parochial schools by the pro-ceeds of public taxation. Of course they would mean something by the words " Christian " and " Christianity " entirely different from what the Methodists mean, but they would agree that " Christianity is a part of the common law of the State," that " the perils of bad habit from associ-ation in the school can only be overcome by the inculcation of Christian morals," and that when the schools "become godless and therefore necessarily immoral," Chris-tian citizens must deny the right of the State to give such an inadequate education. The phrases we have quoted are from the report adopted by the Methodist Con-ference, and we take leave to say that they are either meaningless or irrelevant. An English judge did once set forth that Christianity is part of the common law of England, and several American judges have repeated this dictum. But practi-cally, and in the application the Method-ist Conference gives to it, what does it mean ? So far as it relates to rights and duties, Christianity is a part of the com-mon law only in so far as it is distinctly embodied in the common law. You cannot indict a man for not loving his neighbor as himself. Christianity may require a man to sell all that he has and give to the poor, or when one cheek is smitten to turn the other also to the smiter, but these duties are not enforced by the penal code of any Christian nation in our time. The truth is that the talk about " a god-less and therefore necessarily immoral edu-cation " loses sight altogether of the end and aim of the public school system. It does not attempt to make Christian men and women. That is left for other agencies, among them the Methodist and Roman Catholic Churches. It aims to make men intelligent and independent citizens, , to give them such an education as will enable them to exercise their political rights for the general welfare, and as will enable them to keep out of jail and out of the poorhouse. In this it has been successful, and has amply vindicated its right to be maintained at the public expense. Whether menŁbehave themselves from right motives_ or , from wrong is a point of vital impor-tance from the religious point of view. From the secular point of view, which is that of the State, it is of no consequence whatever.:  Reading, writing, arithmetic and geog- raphy are not taught differently by a Methodist and by a Jesuit, but in precisely the same fashion, if they are taught prop-erly. To say that a " godless " instruction in these branches of knowledge, or in any other that are properly within the prov-ince of the public schools, is " necessarily immoral," is to make a perfectly meaning-less assertion. As soon as we leave gen-eralities about the " inculcation of Chris-tian morals " and undertake -to determine specifically what Christian morals the public schools shall inculcate, we come upon matters of controversy about which people differ whose rights as citizens, as parents and as tax-payers are precisely the same. When religious teaching is given which is offensive to members of any sect, or of no sect, the right of these persons to insist that their children shall not be subjected to it is clear, and the claim they may found upon it for a division of the school fund is just. If they merely complain, as do the Roman Catholics and the Method-ists, that the schools do not teach religion at all, the sufficient answer is that this is not the business of the schools, while it is the business- of the Methodist and the Roman Catholic Churches. This is the only ground upon which the school system can be maintained in a community of different religious or irreligious beliefs; and whoever abandons this ground is, in effect if not in intention, an enemy of the common school system. Civil Laws against Blasphemy. " BLASPHEMY," says the Encyclopedia Britannica, " means literally defamation or evil speaking, but is more particularly restricted to an indignity offered to the Deity by words or writing. The common law of England treats blasphemy as an in-dictable offense. All blasphemies against God, as denying his being, or providence, all contumelious reproaches of Jesus Christ, all profane scoffing at the Holy Scriptures, or exposing any part thereof to contempt or ridicule, are punishable by the temporal courts with fine, imprison-ment, and also infamous corporal punish-ment." " In some Catholic countries," says Webster, "the crime of blasphemy includes speaking evil of the Virgin- Mary and the saints.- In the middle ages, blas-phemy was used to denote simply the blaming of a person or thing. Among the Greeks, to blaspheme was to use- words of ill omen,, which they were careful to avoid." " The 9 and 10 William III, c. 32," continues the Encyclopedia Britannica, " enacts that if- any person, educated in or having made profession of the Chris-tian religion, should by writing, preach-ing, teaching, or advised speaking, deny any one of the persons of the Holy Trinity .to be God, or should assert or maintain that there are more Gods than one, or  should deny the Christian religion to be true, or the Holy Scriptures to be of divine authority, he should, upon the first offense, be rendered incapable of holding any office or place of trust, and for the second, in- capable of bringing any action, of being guardian or executor, or of taking a leg-acy or deed of gift, and should suffer three years' imprisonment without bail. . . . By the law of Scotland, as it originally stood, the punishment of blasphemy was death." These are the laws of the liberty-loving Saxons! If a man commits the offense of denying the truthfulness of the Scriptures twice, then he is to be left to the mercy of any villain in the world; for he is to be denied all recourse in the courts. Nor is this law entirely a dead letter (though, fortunately, this class of laws are fast becoming so). John Stuart Mill, in writ- ing on this subject in his essay " On Lib-erty," pertinently says :Š It will be said that we do not now put to death the introducers of new opinions ; we are not like our fathers who slew the prophets, we even build sepull chers to them. It is true we no longer put heretics to death; and the amount of penal infliction which modern feeling would probably tolerate, even against the most obnoxious opinions, is not sufficient to ex-tirpate them. But let us not flatter ourselves that we are yet free from the stain even of legal persecu-tions. Penalties for opinion, or at least for its ex-pression, still exist by law; and their enforcement is not, even in these times, so unexampled as tc make it at all incredible that they may some day be revived in full force. In the year 1857, at the summer assizes of the county of Cornwall, an un-fortunate man* said to be of unexceptional conduct in all relations of life, was sentenced to twenty-one months' imprisonment for uttering, and writing on a gate, some offensive words concerning Christian-ity. [A number of instances also might be cited in the United States, notably, People vs. Ruggles, 8 Johnson (New York), 290; State vs. Chandler, 2 Harrington (Delaware), 553; Updegraph vs. Com-monwealth, 11 Sergeant and Rawle (Pennsylvania), 394; and Commonwealth vs. Kneeland, 204Pickering (Massachusetts), 206.] Within a month of the same time, at the Old Bailey, two persons, on two separate occasions, f were rejected as jurymen, and one of them grossly insulted by the judge and by one of the counsel, because they honestly declared that they had no theological belief; and a third, a foreigner, f for the same reason was denied justice against a thief. This refusal of redress took place in virtue of the legal doctrine that no person can be allowed to give evidence in a court of justice, who does not profess belief in a God (any god is sufficient) and in a future state ; which is equivalent to declaring such persons to be outlaws, excluded from the protection of the tribunals; who may not only be robbed or assaulted with impunity, if no one but themselves, or persons of similar opinions, be present, but any one else may be robbed or assaulted with impunity, if the proof of the fact depends on their evidence. The assumption on which this is grounded, is that the oath is worthless, of a person who does not be-lieve in a future state. . . . The rule, is suicidal, and cuts away its own foundation. Under pretense that atheists must be liars, it admits the testimony of all atheists who are willing to lie, and rejects only those who brave the obloquy of publicly confessing a detested creed rather than affirm a falsehood_ Ł " Thomas Pooley, Bodmin Assizes. July 31, 1857. In Decem-ber following he received a free pardon from the Crown. t George Jacob Holyoake, August 17, 1857; Edward Truelove, July, 1857. t Baron de Gleichen, Marlborough Street. Police Court, Au-gust 4, 1857. - 