THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 63 soever ye shall approve by your letters, them will I send to bring your liberality unto Jeru-salem. And if it be meet that I go also, they shall go with me." 1 Cor. 16:1-4. From this it is seen at a glance that the subject of rest, or 'a rest day, was not in the apostle's thoughts at allo,but that the direc-tion is wholly concerning collections for the poor Christians; and that the matter might be systematically followed up, he directed Ł that uponthe first day of the week each one was to lay by him in store as God had pros-pered him, what he should choose to give for this purpose. But into- this manifest and only purpose of the apostle's the Rev. W. T. McConnell 'proposes to read a "warrant for observing the first,day of the week as the rest day, or Sabbath," and thereby to clothe him-self, and his fellow National Reformers with the prerogative of enforcing its observance, Ł by National power, upon everybody in the Nation. The way in which Mr. McConnell gets into this text a Warrant for the observance of a rest day is by claiming that that was the day on Which the Corinthians met for worship, and that this text, in view of that, means that "it is more than likely that the Money was separated from the rest to be put that day into the treasury of the church, if one existed." That is to say, When Paul said, "Let every one of you lay by him in store," the money he would send to the poor, he Meant, Let every one of you put into the hands of others, as God hath prospered him. He meant no such thing. A year afterward he wrote again to the Corinthians on this very subject, and said to them:Š " For as touching, the ministering to the saints, it is superfluous for me to write to you; for I know 'the forwardness of your Mind, for which I boast of you to them of Macedonia, that Achaia was ready a year ago; and your zeal hath provoked very many. Yet have I sent the brethren, lest our boasting of you should be in vain in this behalf; that, as I said, ye may be ready; lest haply if they of Macedonia come with me, and find you un-prepared, we (that we say not, ye) should be ashamed in this same confident boasting. Therefore I thought it necessary to exhort the brethren, that they would go before unto you, and make up beforehand your bounty,, whereof ye had notice before, that the same might be ready, as a matter of bounty, and not as of covetous-ness." 2 Cor. 9:1-5. Now if Mr. McConnell's theory be correct, that the Corinthians were to separate this money from the rest and put it "that day into the treasury of the church," and if that is what Paul meant that they should do, then why should he think it "necessary " to send brethren to Corinth, before he should come, " to make up " this bounty, so " that it might be ready" when he came? If Mr. MeCon-nel's invention be correct, what possible dan-ger could there have been of anybody finding them " unprepared " ? The truth is that Mr. McConnell's theory is contrary both to the Scripture and to the facts. And that, is the " warrant" under authority of which the Rev.  W. T. McConnell proposes to arrest the de-mon of Sabbath-breaking in this nation. Mr. McConnell, your warrant is bogus. It is forged. Further says Mr. McConnell:Š "In giving this direction for the perform-ance of religious duties, the apostle Paul, in-cidentally, but positively, locates a time for such duties in the Christian church at Corinth, but with the statement that he had given the same apostolic instructions to the other gen-tile churches, he extends the appointment of a day to all under the apostolic jurisdiction." Now for the sake of the argument, and for that reason only, let us grant all that Mr. Mc-, Connell here claimsŠsuppose that we grant that in this scripture the apostle Paul ex:-tends the appointment of a day to all under the apostolic jurisdiction. Then we want to know by what right it is that the National Reformers claim the power to extend that ap-pointment beyond the apostolic jurisdiction? The apostolic jurisdiction extends only to those within the bounds of the church. The bounds of the church extend only to those who voluntarily take upon them the obliga-tions of the name of Christ. Those who are not members of the church are not under the apostolic jurisdiction. Again we ask, By what right is it that the National Reformers claim the power to enforce the apostolic instruc-tions upon those who are not subject to the apostolic jurisdiction? 'It can be by no right whatever. It is downright usurpation. To attempt to extend the apostolic jurisdiction beyohd the distinct bounds of the church of Christ, is of the very spirit of the Papacy. But this is precisely what the National Re-formers propose to do. They intend to make National the power aid jurisdiction of the church, and whoever will not submit to the appointments of the church cannot remain in the Nation. And that is but the Papacy over again. But Mr. McConnell and the National Re-formers as such, are not alone in this project. Every person who claims the right to enforce the claims of the " Christian " Sabbath upon those who are not Christians is guilty of the same usurpation. No person' who is not a Christian has any right to partake in any way in the celebration of Christian days or in the observance of Christian solemnities. If the Sabbath be, as is almost unanimously claimed, the Christian Sabbath, then not only have its advocates no right to enforce its observance upon those who are not Christians, but those who are not Christians have no right, even voluntarily, to observe it, any more than they have to partake of the Lord's Supper. Chris-tian institutions and Christian ordinances are for Christians only. Then in closing Mr. McConnell makes his " application " thus:Š " Now in closing, a word of application. The National Reform Association has a 'plain commandment' for its demand that the Na-tion shall by law direct the keeping of a rest day." And, according to the National Reform " warrant," the Nation shall direct the keep-ing, of a rest day, by conamanding,everyone,  " upon the first day of the week " to " lay by him in store, as God hath prospered him." Is that it, Mr. McConnell? If not, by what right shall the Nation direct the observance of what is not in the " warrant Dear boy, you' had better study your lesson some more, and try again. A. T. J. The Abiding Sabbath and the Lord's Day. A REVIEW by Alonzo T. Jones, Oakland, Cal., Pa-cific Press Publishing House; 173 pp.; price, 20 cents, post-paid. This pamphlet is devoted to a critical review of two prize essays: One, "The Perpetual Obligation of the Lord's Day," by Rev. George Elliot, of West Union, Iowa, which was awarded a prize of $500 by the trustees of Dartmouth College, in 1883; the other, "The Lord's Day; Its Universal and Perpet- ual Obligation," by A. E. Waffle, M. A., formerly Pro-fessor of Rhetoric and English Literature in the University of Lewisburg, Pa., in 1884, which was awarded a prize of $1,000. To those who have a taste for theological controversy, this little work will prove interesting reading. Those not familiar with arguments adduced from Scripture and history in behalf of the seventh-day Sabbath will find many of them here concisely and pointedly set forth.--True Educator. HEALDSBURG COLLEGE, HEALDSBURG, CAL. A MODEL EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION, ESTABLISHED IN 1882. SEVEN YEARS OF GREAT PROSPERITY BECAUSE FOUNDED ON SOUND PRINCIPLES. LABOR COMBINED WITH STUDY. Pons courses of instruction, classical, scientific, biblic,al, and normal ; also preparatory instruction given in a primary and a grammar course. Instruction thorough and practical, not only in the collegi-ate courses but especially so in the preparatory courses. Discipline rigid, yet parental, combined with strong moral and religious influences. Expenses moderate. The whole east to the student for tui-tion, board, lodging, lights, washing,Šall expenses except for books and clothes, from $16 to $22 per month of four weeks. Fall term begins September 3, 1888. For descriptive cata-logue and further information address the principal, W. C. GRAINGER, Healdsburg, cal. VIEWS OF NATIONAL REFORM. PACKAGE NO. 1, 184 PAGES, 20 CENTS. THIS package contains thirteen tracts treating upon the va-rious phases of the National Reform movement, as ofollows :Š NO. PAGES. 1. Religious Legislation,   8 2. Religious Liberty,    8 3. National Reform and the Rights of Conscience,  16 4. The American Papacy,  16 5. Bold and Base Avowal,   16 6. National Reform is Church and State,  16 7. Purity of National Religion,  8. The Salem witchcraft,  9. What Think Ye of Christ?  8 10. National Reformed Constitution and the American Hierarchy,  24 11. The Republic of Israel  8 12. National Reformed Presbyterianism,  32 13. The National Reform Movement an Absurdity,  16 The above package will be seat post-paid to any address for twenty cents. Address.L: 44,A1BAICAASADITIHEL, Oakland, Cal. , 