14S VoL. 10, No. -19. phrase it, and that it is the business of the secular law to compel men to observe " holy time." But are we to understand then that while the whole of Sunday is " holy time" in the country towns, only that part of Sunday which comes after .'1 o'clock P. M. is "holy time" in New-York:? If it is an offense, against moral-ity for a barber to shave a man during Sunday afternoon is it not equally so for him to shave a man during Sunday forenoon ? And if it is immoral for a barber in Binghampton to shave customers on Sunday morning is it not equally immoral for a New York barber to do the same thing ? And finally, if it is the duty of the law to compel religious observances what possible right can the legislature have to excuse men in one part of the State for neglect of an obli-gation which it enforces against citizens in other parts of the State ? How long is this hypocrisy of Sunday laws to remain upon our statute books ? SOUTH AFRICAN CORRESPONDENCE. BY G. B. THOMPSON. THE following piece of telegraphic news has just appeared in the secular press:Š For selling a shirt. on Sunday a Pretorian was fined .seven pounds and ten shillings by the Landdrost. Pretoria is the capital of the South African Republic, or Transvaal, and some idea of the savage character of the Sunday law there may be gained by the above dispatch. No law of God was violated ; no person's liberties were in-terfered with; none were molested in their wor-ship of the Deity; there was no disturbance, no riot. The transaction was properly civil. A man is in need of that necessary habili-ment,Ša shirt,Šand goes, as people do every day in the week, to a man who has shirts for sale, and buys one. For this the merchant is summoned before "his honor," and a fine of over thirty-six dolldrs is imposed. But why was the shopkeeper fined ? Oh, for selling a shirt! But is it a crime to sell a shirt ? Are there not thousands of them sold daily without a thought of it being wrong ? Why this difference ? What makes the trans-action wrong on this occasion ?ŠBecause the sale took place on Sunday, a supposedly holy day. This shows that the day, and not the deed, constitutes the sin; and the penalty im-posed-by the Landdrost was only the enforce-ment-of a law made, to exalt, the -" venerable day of the sun." But what kind of justice is that which makes a man a criminal for doing one day in the week that which is perfectly right and proper the other six days ? But if these self-constituted custodians of other people's morals are going to wreak vengeance on iniquity wherever they imagine it exists*, what about the individual who bought the garment ? We have not heard that he has been seized. Why is this ? Is it be-cause it is right to buy a shirt on Sunday but wrong to sell one ? Then again, was this, a work of necessity ? Most all Sunday laws make an exception for works of necessity, though it has never been explained just what is a necessity. Per-haps that is why the purchaser of the shirt was not arrested. It is certainly necessary to wear a shirt on Sunday to hear the parson preach; and if the person did not have one, and must attend church, or go somewhere else where a shirt must be worn, it was, of course, necessary to buy one. But if it was necessary for him to buy one it was equally necessary for somebody to Sell him one. So if one was  exempt because of necessity, the other must be also. The conscience of the shopkeeper no doubt justified him in selling shirts. He doubtless believed that he had a right to earn an- honest living seven days in the week. If he sinned, it was against God, and God alone. Then how can man estimate the magnitude of his guilt ? The judicial bench on this occasion reckoned that he had sinned thirty-six dollars and thirty cents worth, when the fact is, he had not sinned in the least, so far as selling a shirt on Sunday is concerned, for there is no divine law which forbids it, and " where no law is, there is no transgression." Rom. 4: 15. In the Sunday law the Dutch Republic has a statute in support of a religious institution, which demands from a man one seventh of his time, or ten years of the allotted three score years and ten, to be devoted to recognizing this church institution. God left a man free to choose whether or not he would keep the Sabbath, but the Transvaal- government, and every other government which has a Sunday law, exalts itself above God by forcing Sabbath observance upon the people. This is the papacy. This is the inevitable outgrowth of a union of the Church with the State. The Church having lost the power of God, is seizing the secular arm for support. For shame, 0 professed church of the. Mighty God! In the* days of Ezra, when the people were rebuilding Jerusalem which had lain in ruins for over seventy years, they were opposed by enemies numerous and great. They needed help to accomplish the work. But no appeal was made to an arm of flesh. Troublous as were the times, Ezra said: "I was ashamed to require of the king a band of soldiers and horsemen to keep us against- the enemy in the way: because we had spoken unto the king, saying, The hand of our God is upon all them for good that seek him." Ezra 8: 22. Ezra and his people petitioned the King of heaven, and not a king of earth. Now the professed people of God, though claiming that God is with them, and making great boasts of holiness, unblushingly seek for the power of the policeman's baton to enforce their ecclesiastical dogmas, and help them in their work. But all whose hearts are " pre-pared" as was the heart of Ezra, will be ashamed of all such work. East London, S. Africa, March 25. -" COURTING PERSECUTION:" BY K. O. RUSSELL. THE heading of this article is a much-used and favorite expression of the Sunday-la* advoCates in referring to seventh-day observ-ers who suffer imprisonment and the chain-gang, rather than compromise their principles by keeping Sunday or paying fines to escape the penalty of an unjust law. These imprisoned Adventists have had no disposition to pose before the people as mar-tyrs as they have been falsely charged by those who make high professions of- Christian-ity. The charge is one that impugns the motives of, the people in question; which is rebuked by the Redeemer of mankind in Matt. 7: 1 : " Judge not, that ye -be not judged," It has not been without a severe struggle, that these men have chosen imprisOnment rather than compromise principle and remain- with their families, for- they "are men of like passions " as we are; but after seeking God in earnest prayer, and like Jacob of old -when they had obtained the assurance that they had prevailed with God, they were willing to go to prison; or death, for being loyal to the law of  their God which says: " Remember-the Sab-bath day to keep it holy. Six- days shalt thou labor and do all thy _work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath- of the Lord thy God," etc. One who would accuse Seventh-day Ad-ventists of courting persecution for disregard-ing civil laws when they conflict with God's law, would have been on the side of the heathen king Nebuchadnezzar and the vast multitude-of his subjects who fell prostrate in worship before the golden image, and would have cried out in contempt with a sneer to the three HebreWs who refused to obey the heathen king, as " courters of persecution." Notwithstanding the second trial the king gave them, they "-courted(?) persecution " to the extent of being cast in the fiery furnace. God delivered them from the furnace, as he will, sooner or later, all who choose persecu-tion rather than prove disloyal to him. Daniel, who could ha-ve escaped the lions' den by bowing down to laws of the wicked king Darius, would also have been accused of "courting persecution" by those who would parry the reason why Seventh-day Adventists disobey the iniquitous Sunday laws of to-day. One of the most marked examples of "courting persecution " was displayed during the entire ministry of Christ, and it was for Sabbath keeping too. As Jesus persisted in healing on the Sabbath days, when he knew that the Pharisees of his time sought to persecute him (John 5: 16; Mark 3: 6), his course must have appeared as absurd and obstinate to those Pharisees, as does the course of Seventh-day Adventists to the modern ones. Were He upon earth to-day, and going contrary to the customs and wicked-  laws, he would be stigmatized, as his true followers have always been, as " courting persecution." The apostles refused to obey laws that would prohibit their preaching the pure principles of the gospel, and it caused them to be perse-cuted. They, like all the foregoing extm wles, would, if living to-day, be stamped as "court-ing persecution," as those are who emulate their example, by those who have long since forgotten the example and words of Jesus, whom they profess to love, when he said, as recorded in John 12 : 47: " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." The fifty millions of martyrs who were per-secuted and slaughtered during the Dark Ages, and the noble souls who were persecuted and banished under the old Blue Laws of colonial times, would all be placed on the list as "courters of persecution," were some of the religionists of to-day to interpret their motives. The words that the apostle was inspired to write, as, found in Acts 14: 22, should be remembered by all: "We must through much tribulation, enter into the kingdom of God." Also in 2 Tim. 3 : 12: " Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." May God grant that his people may endure to the end, and then the promise is that they shall be saved. ILLITERACY IN ROMAN CATHOLIC POR- TUGAL. From the Sun, April 21. PEOPLE who remember the prodigious pother :which Portugal made, two or three years ago, when England tried to bounce her out of Some territorial advantage in Africa, will be surprised to know that the population of Portugal, in-cluding Madeira and the Azores, is only 5,049,-729, of whom 2,619,390 are females, and that four-fifths of the population are unable to read 