346 THE ANTERICAN- SENTINEL. ernment ?ŠSimply because the Bible had been adopted as a part of the constitutionŠnot nec-essarily the Bible as it reads, but the Bible as in-terpreted by those in authority; and, therefore, whoever differed in opinion from the established belief concerning the Bible, was talking treason and violating the civil law. If it be denied that the execution of the law in-such cases is persecu-; tion, then there never was persecution; for when the early martyrs were put to death it was only because they were violating the laws of Rome. James and Paul were beheaded simply because their conscientious convictions in regard to the Bible--compelled them to violate the civil law of Rome. And so with what we have been accus-tomed to call the Roman Catholic persecution in the Dark Ages. If the trial of Servetus-was not an ecclesiastical trial, and his execution was not religious persecution, simply -because in differing with Calvin concerning the Scriptures he was go-ing contrary to the law of the State, then the Catholics never persecuted anybody ; for Cran-mer, and Ridley, and Huss, and Jerome of Prague, and thousands of others who were burned at the stake, were tried and put to death for disobeying civil laws. The laws of the church were the laws-of the State. The-one who defends the burning of Servetus must likewise defend the massacre of St. Bartholomew's day, and the destruction of the Huguenots and Al-bigenses. All these people were put to death simply because the Bible, as interpreted by the priests, was a part of the civil law of those -coun-tries. The Catholic Church says that all these persons were punished by the State as law breakers. This is in one sense true; but they neglect to- -state that the church apprehended them, and priests tried them. The Inquisition found them guilty of violating the ecclesiastico-civil law, and they handed them over to the State for punishment, recommending them always to mercy, but expressly stipulating that they should be burned at the stake ; and the civil power, as the, servant of the church,-was bound to obey. Let the State become the servant of the church again, ,according to National Reform ideas, and let anybody's interpretation of the Bible, we care not whose, become a part of the civil law, and the same thing will take place again. It cannot be otherwise, for the State is -bound to enforce whatever laws it enacts. If it enacts laws con-cerning matters of faith and doctrine, then it is bound to punish the man who differs from the established faith. But such punishment is simply religious persecution. The cool way in which Dr. LudlOw disposes of Servetus, finds a parallel in the way that men defend the enforcement of Sunday lads at the present time. Says he: If there was one place in the world the fugitive-should have avoided, it was Geneva. The laws of that place he- knew were very strict. Calvin had long before warned him not to come there to disturb the peace. The people of that commonwealth had the right to protect their political existence. They had fought for twenty years to get rid of Catholic tyranny, and were now in a life-and-death struggle with the Libertine element. Yet Servetus turned up in Geneva. His purpose was clear. Here the Romish Inquisition could not follow him, for' the Calvinists would defensi him against that. But while thus re-ceiving their hospitality, he could get a dagger under the fifth 'rib. of Calvinism by siding with the Liber-tines." We say that this is simply abominable. The main._ that- could coolly write such a paragraph as that would be a,worthy companion of Loyola, and a ready tooLof the Inquisition. He says that Calvin had warned Servetus not to come to Gen-eva to disturb the peace, and that the 'people had a right to protect their political existence. But what was their polities?ŠIt was Calvinism. Ser-vetus' disturbing the peace did not consist in beat-ing drums, or doing noisy work during public serv-ice, or in making any demonstrations whatever, but in writing and talking against Calvinism, as Dr. Ludlow himself says. The sum of his offense was opposition to Calvinism. For this and this alone he was burned. And a professed Protest-ant in this century and in this decade, upholds the -cowardly and blood-thirsty deed ! Yet there are men found who say that this is too enlight-ened an age to allow such a thing -as persecution for religious opinion. Such talk is very--similar to- that indulged in .by the advocates of National Reform Sunday laws. They want to protect the peace of society, they say. It was only two weeks ago that a friend of ours was talking with another gentle-man, concerning the barl3L.ous Sunday law of Georgia and the conviction of Mr. Conklin for cutting saplings in -the woods on his farm on Sunday. Instead-of expressing the contempt and indignation which every right-minded man must feel at' so outrageous a law as that of Georgia, and at the persecution of an inoffensive citizen, the gentleman seemed to take his conviction as a matter of course, and threw the blame all on Mr. Conklin, saying he knew what the law was be-fore he went to work; he need not have suffered if he had been of a mind to avoid it. If he had not known the law, there might be some ground of pity; but when he knew the law and delib-erately violated it, nobody but -himself is to blame for the result. . But when the National Reform American Sabbath Union movement succeeds, it will not be necessary for the person to work in order to disturb the peace. Servetus disturbed the peace of Geneva by writing and talking against Calvin-ism, because Calvinism was the politics of Geneva. And so when the State "re-enacts the fourth commandment," as Mr. Shepard and Mr. Crafts say, Sunday will be a State institution, and the individual who talks against that institution by declaring that the fourth commandment requires the observance of the seventh and not the first day, will be a disturber of the public peace. As much as this is contemplated in the statement o which we have before quoted from the Western Christian Advocate, edited by Rev. G. W. Both-well, D.D., of Oakland, Cal. Speaking of the petition against a Sunday law and the union of Church and State, in his issue of March 22, Mr. Bothwell said:Š " Most of the States make provision for the exercise of the peculiar tenets of belief which are entertained by the Adventists. They can worship on Saturday, and call it the Sabbath if they choose; but there let their privileges end. Instead of thankfully making use of concessions granted them, and' then going off quietly and attending to their own business as they ought, they start out making unholy alliances that they may defeat the purposes of their. benefactors. None of these bills are aimed at them ; but if they fail to appreciate the fact, they may yet call down upon themselves NO A. !measure of public disfavor as that legislation embarrassingto them will result." This is simply a threat,orpnnishmentthat will be meted out to those who shall dare-to protest against national religious legislation, and shall dare to teach that Sunday is net—, the Sahbath. It will not be necessary for them to work on Sun- day; if by their preaching according to their conscientious convictions concerning the word, they strike against the established religion, they will be considered as violators of the public peace, and will meet with punishment. Finally, as demonstrating conclusively, even to those who cannot draw conclusions, we quote the following bold declaration from a speech by Dr. Mayo in the Cincinnati National Reform Convention. Speaking of the people of the United States,- he said :Š " They will plant in the great charter of liberties an acknowledgment of the nation's dependence on Almighty God, and its duty to conform to the laa`rs of religious and Christian morality. They will protect the rights of every citi ,en, and persecute no man for his religion until that religion drives him to disobey the law which expresses the will of the majority con-cerning the moral duty of the citizen. And that will is always open to revision by constitutional means." We do not know how anyone can ask for any stronger proof than this that the National Reform movement contemplates persecution. And note, it is not even claimed that the persecution will. be  for actual violation of the law of God, but for acting or thinking contrary to the will of the majority concerning moral duties, with the ex- press understanding that that will may change at any time. Any person who can defend so outrageous a scheme has no sense whatever of what constitutes liberty. If any National Reformer can explain these utterances so as to make them harmonize with the golden rule, and with simple justice, the-columns of the SENTINEL are open to him. E. 3. W. They Are-One. THE .0hristian Btatesman, of September 5, con-tains a report of the Lakeside Reform Assembly, by the editor, T. P. Stevenson. This assembly was a joint convention of the 'Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union and the National Reform Association. The first three days were devoted to the Woman's Christian Temperance Union work, in which addresses were given upon "Woman Suffrage" and "Sabbath Observance." Addresses were delivered on "The Limits of Relig-ious Liberty," and "The American Sabbath, and How to Maintain It." After noting the -Woman's Christian Temperance. Union Conference, Mr. Stevenson introduces the work of the days de-voted especially to the National Reform Associa-tion, with these words:Š " There was no perceptible transition between the foregoing exercises and those properly relating to the National Reform Association." This Strikes us as very significant. It shows how rapidly the, great 'Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union is losing sight of the object for which it was established, and is becoming simply a National 'Reform' organization. The meetings of one cannot be distinguished from -those ,of the other. From Mr. Stevenson's report, we would not get the idea that the subject of temperance was mentioned in the Woman's Christian Temperance Union Conf Tence. Of course we are not to suppose that the subject ,of temperance was entirely ignored, but the report warrants us in believing that temperance reeived less attention than woman's suffrage and Sunday legislation. We are sorry that this is so. We are sorry that in combating religious legislation, which is evil, and only evil, we 047,o placed in antagonism to the work of a professedly temperance organize.. 