650 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The State Their Saviour. BY C. H. KESLAKE. RECENTLY there assembled in State convention at Paterson, N. J., the Society of Christian Endeavor. This organization ought to be a mighty power for good in the world; if it is true, as they claim, through their State president, Dr. French, that their "strength is in the indwelling of Christ." With Christ dwelling in them they have at their com-mand a power greater than that of all the governments of earth combined, for the Bible says that "Christ is, the power of God." 1 Cor. 1:24. And there is no power greater than God's power. Christ being the power of God, he who has Christ dwelling within, will have sufficient power to enable him to comply with all the requirements of the gospel. But from some of the utterances at this convention, and from certain actions on their part, it looks as though their strength, after all, is not through the "indwelling of Christ." At this convention it was decided to add another department Šthat of "Sabbath observance"Što their work. In a plea for the Sabbath (Sunday) Rev. Dr. Burrell gave expression to the following remarkable utterance: "My right to Sabbath observance depends upon a law for Sabbath observance for all." The readers of the SENTINEL will recognize this as genuine National Reform doctrine. But the good doctor continues, and logically too: "If others do not keep it, can't." That is to say that so long as there is no law com-pelling everybody to keep the Sabbath, it is impossible for him to keep it. If this doctrine has been accepted and indorsed by the Christian Endeavorers, they will have to repudiate the statement made by Dr. French, that their "strength is in the indwelling of Christ." In fact, it will be a virtual ad-mission; on their part, that not only is the "indwelling of Christ" not their strength, but that they are not even Christians, and consequently, any endeavor that they may make on behalf of Christianity is not Christian. That this is a just conclusion from their own premises will be evident. The Sunday advocates' claim that this day is the, test of all religion. This was declared at the Elgin (Illinois) convention a few years ago. Now it must be true that if Sunday is the test of all religion, those who do not keep Ł Sunday have no religion. It is perfectly clear that all people do not keep Sun-day. That being so, Dr. Burrell and all who indorse him in *e statement that he cannot keep the Sabbath because others do not keep it, do not keep Sunday. And as those who do not keep Sunday have no religion, it is also per-fectly clear that Dr. Burrell and his endeavorers have no religion. Furthermore it is claimed that "he who does not keep theSabbath does not worship God; and he who doeS not worship God is lost." If therefore Dr. Burrell and those Who indorse him are right in saying that nobody can keep the Sabbath unless all do, it Łfollows from the above quotation that nobody can worship God unless all worship him, and as those who do not worship God are lost, it follows that thopoor doctor and his friends too are lost. What then becomes of the boast that their strength lies in "the indwelling of Christ"? On their own showing, it is nothing of the kind. Their only hope of salvation is in getting a law to compel everybody to keep Sunday. The State therefore and not Christ is their strength and their Saviour. Thus the insidious work is going on, which is exalt-ing man above God, and which is to plunge mankind into the final apostasy. THE naval cadets at West Point are this, year pro-hibited from attending church services at Annapolis except on communion days, when they must obtain a special permit from their superiors. This leaves them the alternative of attending service at the Episcopal chapel provided by the government, or at the Roman Catholic church at the Navy Yard. Yet the churches in Annapo-lis are within ten minutes' walk of the cadets' quarters. RECENTLY some some of the "orthodox" Hebrews in New York City, in the personal preparation which they deemed necessary for the proper celebration of the Jewish "new-year" holidays, which began at six o'clock on Sunday evening, September 25, required the services of a tonsorial "artist," and accordingly several Jews whose business was of that nature opened their shops^and proceeded to shave customers as usual on other days. Six of them were arrested for doing business on Sunday; and although they pleaded that the work was necessary for, the proper observance of the "new year," the city magistrate who heard the cases imposed a fine upon each for violation of the law. It appears, however, that the arrested barbers belonged to the Barbers' Union, which had petitioned for the very law under which these individuals were fined. Hence, the latter could not consistently complain. It is said by the Ameri4h Hebrewthat Mayor Strong had recommended that the city authorities should allow the sale of food on Sunday afternoon to the Hebrews on the East Side, as the latter would not be at liberty to purchasefood on the ensuing Monday and Tuesday; but that a Christian Endeavor committee, on learning of this, took the mayor.to task for thus favoring the Hebrews at the expense of Sunday. Such "Christian endeavor" is of the nature of those endeavors in thebusiness world which result in the formation of monopolies and "trusts." Every Sunday law is, in fact, a law designed to establish a religious monopoly. 