NO V t M13t 1803. AIVEMELICAN ktINViN121L. 341 the congregation at the administration of that ordinance: " or the " ordinance of the magistracy " ? What reproach must be brought upon the cross of Christ among non-Christians by seeing the authorities, his professed followers, whipping through the streets at a cart's tail, even so offen-sive characters as the Quakers doubtless were then ? By an enactment in the name of religion, fining a person heavily for keeping them over night or even attend-ing their meetings : by seeing them even tried and executed as capital criminals. What bitter prejudices must be engen-dered against religion in the minds of those outside of the church, by being de-prived of the privileges of citizenship, on account of not being able to conscien-tiously join in church relationship with the Puritans, and yet be compelled to pay his assessment for the support of the preacher established among them! How ample the opportunity for criticism of the religion of Christ when its avowed adhe-rents, basing their authority upon God's word, impose the penalty of banishment for the persistent denial of a doctrine so utterly unscriptural as infant baptism; and a fine for carrying a burden, or trav-eling on Sunday, concerning whose sanc-tity the Bible is entirely silent. Yet, that which, on prior grounds, we conclude must have been the influence of these things, is confirmed by what the influence upon public sentiment actually was when Roger Williams was forced to flee from the col-ony for teaching doctrines out of harmony with the established creed; when Anne Hutchinson and Wheelwright were ban-ished; when Dunster was deposed at Har-vard; when a storm of indignation arose in the colonies and in England over the fine of forty pounds, twenty pounds, and five pounds respectively, imposed upon three persons, and the cruel whipping inflicted upon one of them, who would not pay his fine, for holding a private meeting for preaching and administering the Lord's Supper. It affords some relief to know that many in the court opposed these severe measures; but this could not check the prejudice excited against Christianity by their cruelties, nor stay the tide of popular hate which was rising against puritanism and hastening its overthrow. Second, its decline:Š History has entered its protest against the aim, such as the Puritans had in view, of setting up a kingdom of God on earth by civil power. Christ himself has said, " My kingdom is not of this world," and it was a wide departure from the Christ method when the Puritans attempted to force men to be good. Consequently, we should expect to see the reaction which took place in England upon the fall of puritanism there and the restoration of Charles II. Let us call Green to witness :ŠIn an instant the whole face of England was changed. All that was noblest and best in purit-anism was whirled away with its pettiness and its tyranny in the current of the nation's hate. Reli-gion had been turned into a system of political and social oppression, and it fell with their fall. God-liness became a byword of scorn: sobriety in dress, in speech, in manners was flouted as a mask of the detested puritanism Butler, in his " Hudibras," poured forth insult on the past with the pedantic buffoonery for which the general hatred, far more than its humor, secured a hearing. Duelling and raking became the marks of a fine gentleman, and grave divines winked at the follies of " honest fellows" who fought, gambled, swore, drank, and ended a day of debauchery by a night in the gutter. Life, among men of fashion vibrated between frivolity and excess. Lord Rochester was a fashionable poet, and the titles of some of his poems were such as no pen of our day could copy. Sir Charles Sedley was a  fashionable wit, and the foulness of his words made even the porters of Covent Garden pelt him from the balcony when he ventured to address them. The Duke of Buckingham is a fair type of the time, and the most characteristic event in the duke's life was a duel in which he consummated his seduction of Lady Shrewsbury, by killing her husband, while the countess, in disguise as a page, held his horse for him and looked on at the murder. f Green admits that it is easy to exagger-ate the extent of this reaction. Yet there was a similar reaction in Geneva follow-ing Calvin's rigid discipline; and we are not surprised to find that historians as-sign, as one of the causes of the gross im-morality and grossness which prevailed in New England early in the 18th century, the reaction against puritanism. The stormy political aspect of the times; the immigration of a new class of inhabitants; the Half Way Covenant; and new currents of sentiment from the Old World under the influence of the rising spirit of radical inquiry; are the four causes, assigned by Dorchester,t of the decline of puritanism. in New England. The last of these was owing, in some degree, to the reaction against the hyper-Calvinistic mode of thought so characteristic of puritanism. While the Half Way Covenant was thee direct result of the reaction against the Puritan law which excluded persons from the privileges of citizenship unless they were church members. Thus, puritanism could not avoid the logical consequences of its fundamental error, and the system fell by the force of its own inconsistencies. But its influence did not end with its fall. It projected into the stream of religious thought and action vicious principles, along with its elements of good, still active, whose influence we shall attempt to trace as we consider the influence of puritanism on nineteenth cen-tury Christianity. (To be continued.) "We Christians Have Changed the Day." [This Methodist divine says "We Christians have changed the day." Compare with this statement the words of the Catholic Mirror to the same point, lately published in these columns. The facts upon this question must be acknowledged sooner or later by all. It will then resolve itself simply into the question: Will I observe the day God consecrated or the day which man has substituted ? Then fol-lows immediately the question of the right of the State to enforce observance of a day, and whether or no its religious edict shall be obeyed.ŠEn.] THE Chicago Herald, of May 22, quotes Rev. James Miller, pastor of the Marsh-field Avenue Methodist Church, as preach-ing the following words to his Methodist congregation the day before :Š Then again, if this ancient Sabbath law is still in force, it is still good for the day as well as for the manner of its observance, but we Christians have changed the day and have decreed that the first and not the seventh day shall be observed as the Sabbath, and we have done this without any pre,  tense of authority from either the Old or New Tess tament, except that which is strained and forced to meet the emergency of an argument. Everything considered, Mr. Miller's statement of facts concerning the, unscrip-tural grounds on which Sunday observance rests, is deeply significant. Historically, " We Christians," means Roman Catho-lics, against whom Methodists are not slow to bring grave charges, because they pervert the truth by false traditions. Taking Mr. Miller's words as reported by the Herald, and the charge of perver-sion lies against the Methodists, with per-tinent sharpness. t Green's Shorter History of England, p. 807. Dor. Christianity in the U. S., p. 136. Do not Methodists attempt to show that the Bible requires Sunday keeping ? They do; but as Mr. Miller candidly confesses, their arguments are " strained and forced to meet the emergency." A divine law against making Sunday a common day, without which there can be no transgres-sion, does not exist. What about the consistency and the Christian honesty of admitting that there is no such law, and then assuming that there is, and that men are wicked because they disregard what does not exist ? Is that Christian, Christ-like ?ŠEvangel and Sabbath Outlook. *  Results of "Christian Statesmanship" in America. [Th4 following list of items is from the Christian Statesman of October 21. In this the Statesman enumerates a few of those events throughout the country, continually increasing in frequency, upon which it prides itself as being the result of its Christian statesmanship.} THE city council of Napa, California, has passed-an ordinance closing the saloons on Sunday, which goes into effect October 1st. The Trade Association of Philadelphia Druggists has recently discussed the pro-posal to close drug stores on Sabbath afternoons. Action was deferred to the next meeting. The Minerve, a Catholic paper of Montreal, complains of the in-creasing Sabbath desecration of that city, specifying Jews" bakers' wagons and Jewish milliners working at their windows. ŠThe Lord's Day Observance Asso-ciation of Canada will ask the Ontario legislature to define the class of voters who may use the ballot in Sunday car elections; to provide that such elections may only be held at stated intervals, and that, when held, the usual safeguards shall surround the polling-booth. The retail butchers of Sioux City, Iowa, have all entered into an agreement to close their places of business on the Sabbath. September 10 was the first day for observ-ance of the agreement, and with two or three exceptions the markets were closed. Those who did not close are to be arrested by their fellows in self-defense, if they cannot be persuaded to close voluntarily. ŠThe Grocers' Protective Association of Indianapolis, Ind., has been formed for mutual benefit and to promote the proper observance of Sunday. Steps are being taken to prosecute Robinson's Shirt fac-tory of Bayonne, N. J., for noisy Sunday work. Four barbers of Knoxville, Tenn., were recently arrested by a fel-low barber of that city for Sunday work. The law is one secured by the barbers of the State in their own behalf. At Cramer Hill, Pa., on Oc- tober 5, representatives of the churches met to form a Union Sabbath Com-mittee to check Sabbath desecration. The Grocers' Association of Kansas City, Mo., has called on the city prosecutor to know whether the laws protect them against Sunday work. He has replied that Sunday sales of provisions are spe-cifically forbidden, and that he will prose-cute all cases brought to him with proper evidence. [The last four items are from " Pearl of Days' " column in the Mail and Express.] The Advent Review and Herald reports that the Grocers' Associa-tion of Kansas City have sent out to their members a card for their windows, containing the following announcement : " This store will not open for business on Sunday on and after October 1." The same paper reports that Sheriff Whit- 