M ER ICA j\1 E 1\1TI 1\1 Eli FON  1090. A THIRTY-TWO PAGE MONTHLY MAGAZINE, devoted to the dissemination of true temperance principles, and instruction in the art of preserving health. It is em-phatically A JOURNAL FOR THE PEOPLE, Containing what everybody wants to know, and is thoroughly practical. Its range of subjects is un-limited, embracing everything that in any way affects the health. Its articles being short and pointed, it is specially adapted to farmers, mechanics, and house-keepers,' whd,have but little leisure for reading. It is just the journal that every family needs, and may be read with profit by all. Price, $1.00 per year, or with the 300-page premium book " Practical Manual of Hygiene and Temperance," containing household and cooking recipesŠpostpaid for $1.40. Address, PACIFIC HEALTH JOURNAL, OAKLAND, CAL. ŁBY 'ONE MAN. Write for deseripttve eatitiogue eon. tainingtestimonials from hundreds of people who have sawed pent 4 to 9 cords daily. 25,000now successfullyused. Agency can be had where there is a vacancy. - A NEW -INVENTION for filing saws sent free with each machine. by -- the use of this'  ool everybody can Me their own saws now it better than the greatest expert can with- out It,;- Adapted to'all cross-cut saws. Every one who owns a saw should have one. Ask _your dealers or write "FOLDING SAWING, MACHINE CO., 898 to 81$ *South Canal Street, Ch1098% AIL , 9-Cordt-'I Ł _-0 Rune Biter,  -NO, BAOKAOHN. HOURS a 75,000 Acres ilirdh7,' tfraZgrC Bt-ties,  to>rent for a term of years. Also 400;000Acres fal fa, and Sugar Beet Land, of fine Raisin, Fruit, Al-with water for irrigation, for sale in tracts of from 20 acres to large tracts suitable for Colony pur-poses. For particulars, apply to E. B. PERRIN, 402 Kearny Street, San Francisco, Cal. "The Ideal" Account and Memorandum Book, and Business Guide (Copyrighted), SPECIAL FEATURES: Fully and plainly speci-fied accounts; silicate slatesŠfor both slate and lead-pencil, contains slate-pencil and lead-pencil (with eraser); aprinted washing listŠon silicate (very convenient); business and legal forms, etc., etc. 150 pages, 31Ax51A inches. Substantially bound, in full Russia, only. Price, only $1.00, post-paid. To book dealers, $6.00 per set (8), express paid. Strictly first-class, very popular. A handsome and useful holiday present. Order at once of the publisher, A. L. ANTHONY, Yountville, Cal. FACIFICHEALTH  JOURNAL AND TEMPERANCE ADVOCATE. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 383 Advatisentents. ADVERTISING RATES made known on appli-cation. No advertisements of patent medicines, novelties, cigars, tobacco, liquors, novels or any-thing of a trivial, intemperate, immoral or impure nature accepted. We reserve the right to reject ANY advertisement. MORAL AND SCIENTIFIC COMPANION, Flor-ence, Arizona; illustrated, wide-awake; 25c per year. Ads lc per word. PACIFIc DEps College, ost St., S F, Life Scholarship, $75. Send for Catalogue. IIEALDSBURG COLL1GE HEALDSBURG, CAL. A MODEL: EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION. Four courses of instruction, classical, scientific, biblical, and normal; also preparatory instruction given in a primary and grammar course. Instruction thorough and practical, not only in the collegiate course but espeCially so In the preparatory courses. Discipline rigid, yet parental, combined with strong moral and 'religious influence. Expenses moderate. The whole cost to the stu-dent for tuition, board, lodging, lights, washingŠall expenses except for books and clothes, from $18 to $20 per month of four Weeks. Spring term begins Wednesday, January 1, 1800. For descriptic e catalogue and further information, address the principal, W. C. GRAINGER, Healdsburg, Cal. ITH the beginning of the new year, the AMERICAN SENTINEL will enter upon its fifth year of publication. IT STANDS ALONEŠthe only journal of its classŠin that it is exclu-sively devoted to the defense of Civil and Religious Liberty in the United States. During the past year, when the advocates of religious censorship attempted to force their measures through Congress, it was the AMERICAN SENTINEL and its representatives who stood foremost in exposing the iniquity of that scheme. When, after the adjournment of Congress, the Sunday-Law apostle canvassed the country to organize afresh for this winter's campaign in Washington, it was the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL that faithfully warned the people of what was comprehended in the success of his mission. As the work of the SENTINEL is .-ATIOI\ AL  IN ITS CHARACTER, Ire0o--'-audiferce(1 Ł County ,Lands TO RENT AND FOR SALE. And the bulk of population and seat of government are upon the Atlantic side of the continent, it has become necessary to remove the office of publication nearer the base of operations. 'Beginning with the new volume, the Editorial and Business Rooms will be at No. t3  Bond Street, New York City. The new location will add much to the facilities for prompt and perfect "Sentinel" service. Prom here the editors can at short notice attend important meetings, and receive early reports' of political and religious operations bearing upon the issues discussed in the columns of the paper. Being near the Capital, a close watch can be kept upon Congressional proceedings, and comments regarding the same may be given to the readers of- the SENTINEL at a much earlier date than heretofore. As the pressure for religious legislation and church prestige in the government increases throughout the country, it will become more and more necessary for those who are set for the defense of the Con-stitution, to keep vigilant watch in different parts of the country. Arrangements will be made to have every effort of the National Reform Party, the America Sabbath Union, and kindred enemies of free-dom of conscience, closely scrutinized, that the public may be at least fairly warned as to the real char-acter of their work. The work of the SENTINEL in the past has made for it many firm friends in every political party, and in nearly every religious faith, who have had their eyes opened to the meaning of the so-called " National Reform " movement, and of the growing Sunday-law craze. These-will co-operate at every possible opportunity with the SENTINEL'S good work, and keep the publishers posted in regard to their various localities. With the experience and prestige of four years active campaign, and the increased facilities of the new base of publication; with a thorough knowledge of the logical outcome of every species of Church and State Union; and with a firm determination to follow up and expose the enemies of civil and religious liberty to the people; the publishers have no hesitancy in promising that the AMERICAN SENTINEL will grow more interesting and more valuable, as time further develops the importance of its mission and thr. necessity' for its existence. TETIIVIS 14'011., 1890. Single copy, per year, postpaid.  In clubs of ten or Łmore copies to one address  To foreign countries, single subscription  Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. $1.00 75 5S. 