TFtE AMERICAN SEN'TIN PL. 59 is competent to tell whether a man's thoughts and actions are consistent with the'principle of love. As moral law is the expression of the principle of love to God and man; so civil law is the expression of the principle of justico to man. Justice demands a perfect equality of rights, and the largest amount of liberty consistent with the principles of civility. That government which ap-proaches the nearest to the demands of justice in protecting citizens in the exer-cise of their rights, is the one most in harmony with the will of God. When any government violates the principle of jUstice, the responsibility rests upon those w11.0, enact and enforce the law. In a re-public like ours, responsibility attaches to every citizen who has not by every proper means opposed the unjust measure. All responsibility is ultimately individ-ual responsibility. A. person is individu-ally responsible to God for violating the moral principle of love; and he is individ-ually responsible to the State for violating the civil principle of justice. The moral principle includes the civil, but the civil does not include the moral. A person who was perfectly moral would never be uncivil; yet many persons are civil who can not be called moral. They refrain froin injuring their fellowmen, but not from the motive of love. The principle of love comes from. God, and can be sup-plied only by him. It comes through faith in Jesus Christ, hence can never be be-stowed by any earthly government. As the moral principle is more comprehensive than the civil, it follows that an individ-ual has the civil right to do a great nian things which he has no, moral right to do. As a member of society, a. servant of the State, he has the right to do any thing which does not infringe upon the equal rights of his fellows: but as a servant of God, he has no right to dO anything that will infringe the principle of perfect love, nor to be anything less' than perfect before God. He must be filled with the right-eousness of God which is by faith. Yet for any lapse from this perfect moral con-dition before God, he is responsible solely to God..  Ł A man has the civil right to be immoral; but he has neither the moral nor the civil right to be uncivil. He can be civil by his own effort; but he can be moral only by the help of God. The sole object of Christ's sacrifice was to make men moral, to bring them back into harmony with the moral law. The State has no right to hold the citizen responsible for any-thing which he can not do without the help of God. " The carnal mind is enmity against God, and is not subject to the law Of God, neither indeed can be;" and as the State has no power to remove the carnal mind or change the heart, it is therefore certain that the State can never enforce the moral law, or hold any one responsible for an act, simply because it is immoral. From whatever standpoint this question is viewed, the conclusion is irresistible, first, last, and all the time, that with moral rights or duties, civil government can have nothing to do; that a person has the civil right to do anything that is not uncivil, no matter how immoral it may be; that God alone has tie right to require morality, because he alone can change the carnal mind and make men moral; and that he is the only one who has the right to punish immorality, because he only can measure the guilt of the transgressor of his law. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. Two Ways of Looking at a Question. CHARLES BRADLAUGH, the English athe-ist, who obtained considerable notoriety and not a little sympathy because of being ex-cluded for years from Parliament on ac-count of his faith, is dead. A few days before his death, the House of Commons expunged from the records of that body, the resolution of expulsion. Commenting upon this fact, the Baptist Examiner of this city, says :Š By almost unanimous action of that body, the resolution has been expunged from the records, on the ground that the House of Commons had ex-ceeded its jurisdiction. That body possesses auto-cratic power in such matters, there being no appeal from its decisions except, as in this case, to appeal from a House drunk with passion and prejudice, to a House that has had time to get sober. Neverthe-less, it Clearly exceeded its theoretic powers, in excluding from its membership a man legally chosen to represent them by the voters of Northampton. The contest was like that of Wilkes, who was elected again and again to a Parliament that refused to admit him to his seat. In the end 'the will of the people must prevail in such a contest. Of Mr. Bradlaugh's character, the same paper says In all his dealings with men he was actuated by a high sense of honor and integrity; if he was un-just to any one it was to himself and to that God which he studiously ignored. That is one view of the matter. Another is presented by the Christian Statesman. Of the reasons for expunging from the record of the House the resolution of ex- pulsion, the Statesman says:Š These reasons are sound and good in themselves but not applicable in such a case. It is no excess of jurisdiction for a national Legislature to exclude from its membership one who denies the being of God and holds no allegiance to that higher law which, more than any written Constitution, is funda-mental to the State. If an earthly government will not admit to seats in its Legislature those who refuse allegiance to its own authority, how can it welcome those who deny and refuse the corporate allegiance which the State owes to the King of kings ? We quote these two opinions merely to show the contrast between the spirit of genuine Christianity, and the spirit of Christianity perverted by National Reform theories. The Examiner is one of the first Baptist papers of the land; it cannot be suspected of any sympathy whatever with atheism, but it is not yet drunken with the wine of the wrath of the churches' forni-cation' committed ,by unholy alliance with  the civil power. The Christian Statesman is thus drunken; that is the difference between these two papers; one believes in doing as it would be done by, the other holds that atheists have no rights which Christians are bound to respect; the one would disfranchise every logically consist-ent infidel, the other would grant to every man who conducts himself as a good citizen, all the rights and privileges of citizenship without regard to his religious belief or non-belief. We abhor atheism, but we are glad that the English sense of justice has again risen superior to religious bigotry and in-tolerance, and discomfited it. Atheism fattens upon injustice on the part of those who bear the Christian name, but loses much of its venom under the benign reign of the Golden Hula C. P. B. Shall the State Teach Morals?* To the Editor : I find myself in such hearty agreement with THE SENTINEL on so many important questions, that I am almost sorry I am compelled to dissent on the question of morals in our public schools. What I would like to say in this brief closing paper, I will put into the most condensed form consistent with clearness. I shall not reply to THE SENTINEL'S detail of criticism, but gather up the issue into a common focus and write to that. Shall the State teach morals ? THE SEN-TINEL says, " No; " your .correspondent says, "Yes." The reason THE SENTINEL gives in support of its " No," isŠ Morals must have a sanction; therefore, to teach morals is not only to teach rules governing actions but to teach also the reasons for those rules. Granted. But is not the function of teaching indissolubly joined to reason-giving and to pointing out the practical 'value of what is taught ? Must the State refuse to teach natural science because some pupil might ask after the authority for material laws ? And were the pupil to askŠWho made chlorine and. sodium ? and who made the law that their union must produce, common salt ? must the teacher put her finger to her lips and be silent ? -To teach anything, connects God with it as the source of its life and minis-try. Therefore, to exclude morals from our public schools on the ground that God is connected with them as the author of their gracious value, would exclude every-thing else, and even ourselves, from the school room. Neither God nor morals, the common property of all men, should be excluded from our schools. But dogmatic theology and all forms, or hints, of sectarianism should be excluded. There is no necessary value in dogmatic opinions, but there is a necessary value to morals and to character buildetl on them. * For few words in reply see notes on last page of this paper.ŠEnimon. 