APRIL 23, 1896. A.MEIR111,ICA.N  133 sepulchers of the righteous, and say, If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets. Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves, that ye are the children of them which killed the prophets. Fill ye up then the measure of your fathers." Matt. 23:29-32. And like effects bring like punishments. Let those who are inclined toward so-called " National Reform" take heed and beware. THE APOSTLES AND THE POWERS THAT BE. BY PROF. W. W. PRESCOTT. AFTER Christ was raised from the dead, he called his disciples together, and said to them, " Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature." Go throughout the whole Roman Empire and preach the gospel to every creature; yet he knew that that was directly contrary to the law of Rome. The disciples went and preached as they were instructed, and then the civil authorities came down upon them. The disciples were put in prison, but "the angel of the Lord by night opened the doors and brought them forth and said, Go, stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life. And when they heard that, they entered into the temple early in the morning and taught. But the high priest came and they that wore with him, and called the council together, and all the senate of the children of Israel, and sent to the prison to have them brought. But when the officers came and found them not in the prison, they returned and told, saying, The prison truly found we shut with all safety, and the keepers standing without before the doors; but when we had opened, we found no man within. Now when the high priest and the captain of the temple heard these things, they doubted of them whereunto this would grow. Then came one, and told them, saying, Behold, the men whom we put in prison are standing in the temple and teaching the people. Then went the captain with the officers, and brought them without violence; for they feared the people, lest they should have been stoned. And when they had brought them, they set them before the council, and the high priest asked them, saying, Did we not straightly command you that ye should not teach in this name ? And behold, ye have filled Jerusalem with your doctrine, and intend to bring this man's blood upon us. Then Peter and the other apostles answered, and said, We ought to obey God rather than man." Yet it was contrary to law. Paul, who had himself been a persecutor, after he had been converted took Barnabas, and went out preaching, contrary to law. They passed through Asia Minor preaching the word, and on coming to Phillipi, healed a woman possessed of an evil spirit. " But when her master saw that the hope of their gains was gone, they caught Paul and Silas, and drew them into the market place unto the rulers; and brought them to the magis-trates, saying, These men, being Jews, do exceedingly trouble our city. " They did not trouble the city at all. They simply took away from the man his hope of gain. They shut them in prison, but the prison doors were thrown open,Š God's way of teaching them a lesson. At every step the apostles were hounded with that law, and yet Christ said, " Go ye  into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature." They fought it out, and bled and died, and kept the fight up for centuries, till the Roman Empire was com-pelled to yield. That is what brought Liberty into the World. God was saying to Cmsar, " Keep on your side of the fence. Let my subjects teach in my realm." This had to be learned over and over again. It had to be learned in the Reformation; but the liberty that was pre-served in the Dark Ages, and the liberty that we have to-day, we owe to the establishment of that principle that Cnsar has to do with the things of Casar, and God with the things of God. God will take care of his followers in doing this and he commands everyone of them to render unto Cesar the things that are Cmsar's when he stays in his own realm. Results of Church and State Union. Let me say further, that unless these things are kept separate as God has put them, it will destroy both the Church and the State. When the Jews crucified Christ, they said, " His blood be upon us and our children forever," and it was. Of all the horrible pages of history the most horrible is the siege of Jerusalem, when mothers ate their own children; but these things came upon them because they mixed the things of God and the things of Casar, and took hold of the arm of Cmsar to control the things of God. They suffered the penalty. Their nation as a nation was at that time brought low, and has never recovered. And the lesson is the same to-day. Let me say that any religion that needs the support of Cesar is not worth supporting. I care not what religion it is. Jesus Christ did not call for Ccesar to help him. He depended upon the power and the love of God to win for him. And they have won. The Roman Empire has gone down in destruc-tion, but the kingdom of Jesus Christ lives; for it is not of this world. It is founded on eternal principles. It lives and will live. But any church that fancies it necessary to call upon Casar for help is not worthy to live. It had better die. Any church that asks Casar for help, any church that accepts the proffered help, is not a Christian church; it is Camarism. Any form of Christianity that fancies it necessary to get the support of the civil power, is ready to die. These Lessons for Us To-day. These lessons, written on the pages of sacred history, wherein God has put under-lying principles, are for us to-day. What means it that in every land there is a grow-ing desire to put together the things that God has separated ? I have reports from every land of the desire to unite the Church and the State. There is a demand made for it, and I regret to say that the demand comes from the side of the church. What does it mean ? It is a sign of the times. I want to tell you, my friends, that this seeking for the aid of Cmsar on the part of the church, is the published confession before God ,,and man that the church has lost the power of God. When the church has the power of God it despises the power of Casar; it wants none of it. Think of exchanging the power of God and the religion of Jesus Christ for the power of man and hypocrisy; because all that Czesar can do is to control the actions. God has made the mind free, and even Jesus Christ, who came to save the world, said, "If any man believe not, I judge him not." He came not to condemn, but to save. When the church takes the power of the  civil government to aid in anything that pertains to the things of God, it is a published confession, before God, before all heaven and before manŠa confession that Christianity should blush to makeŠthat it has lost the power God has given it. Christ said, " All power in heaven and earth is given unto me." Who would exchange that power for the paltry power of Casar ? This is for us. Have nothing to do with it. Let alone that cursed union between Church and State, which has wrought the misery of the ages, and has written in blood thousands of pages of history, and slain millions of mar-tyrs. Have you not seen enough of it to under-stand the ruin it will cause ? Will you not say, God rather than Cesar; religion rather than hypocrisy ? Civil government cannot touch religion at any point, it matters not where it is, without involving a mixture which will bring trouble, to both the Church and the State. " Render therefore unto Casar the things which are Cmsar's; and unto God the things that are God's." God will bless, sustain, and keep every one that does this. No matter at what sacrificeŠ houses, friends, property,Š obey God rather than man. Everyone who desires to make his religion practical is earnestly urged to keep these principles in mind. THE SABBATH AND REST. THE word "sabbath " means rest. After employing six days in creating the heavens and the earth, God rested on the seventh day, and was refreshed. Ex. 31: 17. The rest and refreshment which pertain to the Sabbath do not arise from cessation from wearisome toil, for " the everlasting God, the Lord, the Creator of the ends of the earth, fainteth not, neither is weary" (Isa. 40: 28); and as the Sabbath was when it afforded Him rest and refreshment, so he has given it to man. More-over it was instituted for man in Eden before the fall, before man was obliged to earn bread by the sweat of his brow; and it will be ob-served in the new earth, where toil and weari-ness will not be known. While it affords a welcome relief from toil in this life, it has also a rest and refreshment of a different and higher sort. It has a rest and a delight which are spiritual. Isa. 58:13, 14. Yet this institution, given to mankind in order that they might enjoy complete and perfect rest, is being made the occasion of great unrest among men at the present time. It is being made the basis of an agitation which affects all classes of people; which dis-turbs political parties, causes trouble and labor to legislators and judges, and in various ways disturbs the public peace. All this is plainly a gross perversion of the God-ordained purpose of the Sabbath day. The trouble is that men are not taking the Sabbath as God has given it to them; but they have made a sabbath of their ownŠthe first day of weekŠthe purpose and " law" of which are also of their own manufacture; and they are endeavoring to make this sabbath take the place of the Sabbath of the Lord. But their sabbath does not promote peace among men, but rather confusion and strife. The whole religious world is in confusion concerning its basis and proper observance. It is the center of a ceaseless agitation, which gives no satisfaction to either the Church or the State. The remedy is Łto turn from the man-made institution based upon tradition and popular custom, to the Sabbath of the Lord, based upon his divine word. Whoever will observe 