 308 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      "orthodox faith?" We have to confess there is none at all. Suppose to-day we have a Roman Catholic major-ity in the country, the consequence will be the introduc-tion of the Catholic religion as the orthodox faith of the nation. And that which but yesterday was deemed strictly orthodox, is to-morrow condemned as hetero-dox and heretical. But as governments change with the wane of popular sentiment, let us suppose that a Meth-odist majority should gain the legislative reins; they would immediatelyŠimpelled by their Methodist constitu-entsŠundo all the work of their Catholic predecessors, and establish another theological menu, decree all peo-ple opposed to their "orthodox faith" to be schismatics, and take measures to unify all beneath their authority to accept their religio-politico creed. The French, German, Dutch, and English histories are full of such cases. The Catholic nation of to-day will he nominally Protestant to-morrow; and the day after to-morrow it will have transformed itself into a cruel, atheistic, tyrannical power. Now if we admit that the state should be our parent in matters of conscience, we in so doing commit spiritual suicide, cutting away the platform upon which we are standing, by consenting to have no religious convictions of our own, but are willing to be led captive by what-ever teachings the legislative powers may choose to decree. There is, however, no excuse for our remaining in ig-norance upon this subject. God's Holy Book authorita-tively states the divine will upon this point. Rom. 13: 3, 4, reads: "Rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou not be afraid of the power? Do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of same, for he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid, for he beareth not the sword in vain; for he is the minister of God, a re-venger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil." Thus we see the civil powers are not commissioned to make an incursion into the sacred precincts of conscience to there set up a tribunal and determine moral points. It should be a terror to evil-doers, etc., but a rewarder of those who are subject to its decrees. To make this point clear, we shall make several quo-tations from the writings of eminent authorities upon this subject, to prove what is the real objectlof the civil power:Š "Civil government is not spiritual. Nolone can gain-say this propoSition. Inasmuch as c.vil','"government cannot enforce spirituality, and cannot make men spir-itually-minded, it has no right to require:spirituality. `God is a Spirit, and they that worship;him must wor-ship him in spirit and in truth.' A spiritual head justly requires spiritual obedience. He can punish for viola-tions of a spiritual law. Therefore the proposition is proved that civil government has nothing whatever to do with the spiritual law. The law is spiritual, and that which is not spiritual is not to the slightest degree obe-dient to it."ŠCivil Government and the Decalogue, pp. 6, 7. Thomas Jefferson, the renowned statesman and phil- osopher, wrote thus in a letter to Francis W. Gilmer, June 7, 1816:Š "Our legislators are not sufficiently apprised of the rightful limits of their power; that their true office is to declare and enforce only our natural rights and duties, and to take none of them from us. No man has the nat-ural right to commit aggression on the equal rights of another; and this is all from which the laws ought to restrain him. Every man is under the natural duty of contributing to the necessities of society, and this is all the laws should enforce upon him; and no man having a natural right to be the judge between himself and an-other, it is his natural duty to submit to the umpirage of an impartial third. When the laws have decreed and enforced all this, they have fulfilled their functions; and the idea is quite unfounded, that on entering into society we give up any natural right." Again let us quote:Š "It is not the legitimate province of the legislature to determine what religion is true and what is false. Whatever may be the religious sentiments of citizens, and however variant, they are alike entitled to protec-tion from the government, so long as they do not invade the rights of others."ŠReport of United States Senate, 1829. "The only proper objects of civil government are the happiness and protection of men in their present state of existence, the security of life, liberty, and property of the citizen, and to restrain and encourage the virtuous by wholesome laws, equally extended to every individual." ŠPresbytery of Hanover. We might continue at length quoting other cele-brated authors upon this theme, but we imagine these Šwith two or three others we shall now citeŠare suffi- cient to convince any honest-minded individual that the functions of the state are absolutely distinct from those of the church, and should in no way be mixed. The good Theodoric, king of the Ostrogoths, benighted as he was, and ignorant of all the intricacies of theology, boldly maintained the division of church and state. He said:Š "To pretend to a dominion over the conscience is to usurp the prerogative of God. By the nature of things the power of sovereigns is confined to political govern-ment. They have no right of punishment but over those who disturb the public peace. The most dangerous her-esy is that of a sovereign who separates himself from part of his subjects, because they believe not according to his belief."ŠTheodoric; Draper's "Intellectual Devel-opment of Europe," Vol. I., p. 354. True Protestantism opposes energetically any ap-proximation to a union of church and state. Hear those noble-hearted princes, as they fearlessly stand in the presence of powerful kings and dignitaries of the papal church and read aloud that charter of libertyŠThe Augsburg Confession,Šthus:Š "ARTICLE xxvm.ŠThe civil administration is occu-pied about other matters than is the gospel. The mag- 