A44 AIVIMRICAN 9nNTIN.8t. Vot. 6, go. 48. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 5, 1891. Nora.ŠAny one receiving the AmmoAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered t he SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay f or it simply because they take it from the post-office, THE Christian Statesman quotes a say-ing of Confucius,Š" He who persecutes a good man makes war against himself and all mankind." The decisions against R. M. King in the Justice Court, Circuit Court, and Supreme Court, of Tennessee, and the Circuit Court of the United States, in each of which he was remanded back to jail, is probably what the States-man had in mind in publishing the quota-tion. ALEXANDER BACON, of Brooklyn, Pres-ident of the King's County Sunday Asso-ciation, has stated the missionary prob-lem of the world as it now presents itself to the American Sabbath Union and all its adherents. At the hearing before the Commissioners of the Columbian Expo-sition at Chicago, he said :Š I have a classmate in Japan, a missionary, who tells me that the conflict is no longer between Christianity and idolatry,Šthat it is between the continental Sunday and the American Sunday. There is a far-reaching truth in this statement, beyond anything that Mr. Bacon thought. In these days, the contest between the traditions of men obscures the truth as to the Sabbath of God and the gospel of eternal salvation. This is according to the plan of the great enemy of mankind, which is now progressing to its fulfillment, as foretold in the word of God. THE New York Presbytery of the Re-formed Presbyterian Church met on Oc-tober 28, to consider the charges brought against Rev. J. C. K. Milligan and Rev. J. F. Carson, that they had violated the canons of the church in advocating the right of suffrage, and in publishing what has become known as the " East End Platform." The Presbytery refused to put the reverend gentlemen on trial for heresy, and passed a resolution which really amounted to a declaration of "no cause of action." The end is not yet, however, for notice was given that the case would be taken to the Synod on other counts. The whole difficulty in the minds of the Presbytery seemed to be in the question, " What is Political Dissent ?"Š and the absence of definite interpretation of that doctrine by any supreme church authority. To an unprejudiced observer the ,p.ncer- tainty seemed to lie in a commendable hesitation on the part of many present, and of the Covenanter Church at large, to declare themselves political aliens, unre-servedly, and accept all the necessary re-sults of that declaration. The meeting was, however, a Covenanter school of political dissent, and no doubt strengthened the Presbyterians present in the theory, if not in the practical applica-tion, of that doctrine, which one of the ministers present declared to  be "the heart and soul of their denominational life." -Ł THERE is is great dissatisfaction in the minds of those who have charge of the petitioning for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair at the failure to roll up a monster petition in that behalf, and they do not hesitate to openly express their chagrin. Of the Sunday Leagues and other Sun-day societies, which Mr. Crafts has re-cently fathered, not more than one in twenty-five have sent in their petitions,Šand the Sabbath Union officers are saying, "there has been a wonderful failure to send in petitions. Where lies the diffi-culty ?" The difficulty is not far to see. There is no sound principle expressed in the de-mands of the Sabbath Union and their kindred, and self-interest and prejudice have not yet been sufficiently appealed to, and aroused, to obtain any overwhelming expression in their favor. Ł 4- THE leading "civil Sabbath law" advo-cate of the country says :Š A republic cannot endure without morality, nor morality without religion, nor religion without the Sabbath, nor the Sabbath without law. It follows that religion cannot endure without law ! That the assertion is utterly false is proved by all history. The true religion has existed not only without law but in opposition to law. So true is this that the saying "the blood of martyrs is the seed of the church," has become a proverb. No greater slander could be uttered against Christianity than the statement that it cannot exist without civil law. A minister engaged in such work Is like a villain with a smiling cheek; A goodly apple rotten at the heart; 0, what a goodly outside falsehood hath. A CORRESPONDENT of the United Pres-byterian complained to that paper some weeks ago thatŠ the National Guard of the State of Missouri was ordered into encampment, near St. Joseph, and in nearly every case the various regiments left their homes or traveled on the Sabbath [Sundayl. These are the men to whom we are to look for protec-tion in time of sudden danger; and yet, on this occasion, without the least necessity, they defiantly trample under foot the law of God, and the law of the State which they themselves have sworn to up-hold. Many of these are Christian young men,  members of our churches, and are thus forced to vio-late their conscientious Convictions by their superior officers. It is said the colonel of this regiment is a member in good standing in a prominent church. I heard of but a single member of the regiment with sufficient conscience and courage to disobey his commanding officer, rather than prove disobe-dient to his Lord and Master Jesus Christ. In this the National Guard of the State of Missouri only followed the example of very many ministers. Not long since a considerable number of ministers did a very similar thing in Texas; and less than a year ago, if we mistake not, many of the delegates to a religious gathering in Pitts-burg, Pennsylvania, returned to their homes on Sunday. These physicians ought to heal themselves and their fellow doc-tors before attempting to reform others. THE Christian Christian Union deplores the re-cent decision of the Supreme Court of Virginia, that the law of that State for-bidding the running of railroad trains on Sunday is unconstitutional because it in-terferes with interstate commerce. It says:Š If the Federal- Supreme Court sustains this de-cision, then those States which are most advanced in the matter of restricting Sunday labor on rail-roads have their hands tied, not only until a ma-jority of the States are bent upon like restrictions, but until public sentiment in them is so great that a majority of both houses of Congress shall be com-pelled to act in accordance with that sentiment, instead of in accordance with the interests of the railroad corporations. It is thus that a question, which only a few years ago was purely local, has now become one of the very foremost national questions. TORE Chicago correspondent of the New York Observer finishes a column article descriptive of the hearing lately accorded the representatives of the American Sab-bath Union, National Reform Association, etc., before the Commissioners of the World's Fair, with the sentenceŠ" and so closed a memorable convention on Sabbath observance; the most significant that has ever been held in this country." It is a fact that there is a significance in the attempt to close the World's Fair on Sunday by law which is lacking even in the breadth of purpose of the National Sunday law, and that is the desire to thus forcibly evangelize representative exhib-itors from all the world. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVORIED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as itis, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. Pr will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy,. Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90e. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Bs. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 42 Rend Street, New Tort, 