1:88 THE.  A_IVI'ERICA_N- that parents who violate or neglect their parental duty may be compelled to its per-formance, or punished for non-perform-ance, is licit. G. Compulsory education, in the sense of controlling, or seeking to control, or dislodging from their rightful place those parents who are discharging their parental duty commensurately with the state of life of parent and child, is not allowable, even to the State. 7. For the education of his children one parent may select the public school; an-other may select the private or denomina-tional school; still another may furnish proper education without the aid of any school, and each of the three in so doing exercises a right protected by the law of the land as well as by the law of nature, and for doing which, he need offer neither excuse nor apology. 8. The public and private or denomina-tional schools are in law neither related nor are they subordinate one to the other, nor need they be antagonistic. Ł Ł Ł Ł There lies within the bare proposition that " the State may compel all parents subject to its jurisdiction to give to their children instruction in the English lan-guage" much more difficulty than would at first appear. I will illustrate by the statement of a case within my own knowl-edge. I know a citizen, not a German, who for some years has educated several of his children in Germany, and instruc-tion has there been given them altogether in the German language. In the Illinois act, as at present framed, if valid, this parent could be punished, for he does not send his children to a school within a dis-trict where they reside; nor are they given instruction in the English language. Another instance within my knowledge is that of a parent, not a German, who is about to remove from a comfortably and conveniently located home to another place where he can send his children to a school in which German isŠto a consider-able extentŠthe medium of instruction and of conversation among the pupils. He does this so that his children, in youth, may become proficient in that lan-guage. Ł It may be said that these are extreme cases, but what of that ? They are facts, and what is the right of these parents is the right of every other parent. Is it competent for the State to punish either or both of these parents for such exercise of their parental rights ? It is doubtful. He was a wise man who said, " It is good also not to try experiments in States, ex-cept the necessity be urgent and the util-ity evident." In such cases and in the case of German parents who send their children to German parochial schools, is it not to be presumed that the parents are sensible of the manifest advantage to their children of a knowledge of the English language, and that to parental interest and  affection, rather than to penal statutes, should be committed the task of providing instruction ? The right of the State to fix, by penal law, a given language as the language of instruction in schools has seldom been exercised. The only instances in mind are where drastic measures have been im-posed on conquered or overborne peoples, as in Poland, Ireland, Alsace-Lorraine. This requirement for the teaching of cer-tain studies in the English language in-volves questions of great delicacy. To en-force every right would often lead to of-fending against judiciousness. What danger sufficient to arrest legislative at-tention dwells in the fact that in a few rural communities the language brought by foreign-born citizens from the place of origin may obtain supremacy in a school-room. Will not this wear away ? . . . Is it not fair to presume that those who in addition to the payment of taxes for the support of the free public schools, vol-untarily assume the burdens of private schools, desire that their own children be-come intelligent, well-informed and useful members of the community, and that they know as well as others what is for the ad-vantage of their children ? Thrilled the Audience. AT the fiftieth anniversary of the Phila-delphia Sunday Association, Mr. John Wanamaker had quite an important place. He made a speech in behalf of Sunday,  laws, in which he employed the following allegory, which the Pearl of Days says "thrilled the vast audience :"Š Just this is on my heart. I have an old friend born in another country years ago. He lived in a garden more beautiful than any other in all the world, where there were no cities and no railroads. I'd like my friend to speak to you. He arrived here last night. Listen to what he, says: " Friend, you are very old ?" "Yes, I have lived a great many years and I have traveled a great deal, first in Palestine, then in Europe, and finally to this country in the Mayflower with the Puritans. I have seen strange things and many changeS. I've been to India and to Africa and I go among the Indians of America." " What's your name ?" "My name is Day." "Large family ?" " No, only seven of us, and I am the oldest. A great many like me best because I am a friend of the poor. I stop the factories and light up the homes." " Do they treat you well ?" " The boys laugh at me sometimes, and some men sneer at me. Some call me Sunday and ethers the Sabbath, . but the devout people call me Lord's Day. I used to be the last in the family, but after the res-urrection of Christ they put me first. I want to go all over, not merely to hospitals, but to all people and make them and their homes brighter." "Dear old friend, we love you, and we would even kiss your feet. We hope that you may con-tinue to go about the world and fill every land with joy and blessings in the name of Him who sent you." That is rather a queer sort of personage indeed! First, he was the youngest in the family, and continued to be so for about  four thousand years; then, all of a sudden by virtue of the resurrection of Christ, he became the oldest in the family and all this without the loss of a single member of the family! Accordingly he has been the oldest now for about eighteen hundred and sixty years. That the resurrection of the Saviour should cause the youngest member of a family to become the oldest while they all remain alive is ap "alle-gory " indeed, or something worse. No wonder the vast audience was thrilled by the relating of such a phenomenon! But when people can be thrilled with such namby-pamby balderdash as that they must be exceedingly impressible. -o A Good Thing Spoiled. AT the recent anniversary of the Gar-rett Biblical Institute, in Chicago, Dr. C. W. Bennett, of the Chair of Historical Theology, preached the Baccalaureate sermon from Mark 4: 28; subject: "The Era of Religious Harmony, What Signs of Its Approach ? What Can We Do to Hasten It ?" Among other things, the Doctor thought this era might be hastened " by recognizing that we cannot produce moral effects by mechanical contrivances, cannot make men moral by statute. Placing the, name of God in the Constitu-tion and the Bible in the public schools will not make the Nation righteous." This is good; but the speaker spoiled it all by saying : " There should be a con-ference of all the churches to select suit-able moral precepts from the Bible for a text-book on which all can agree for use in the public schools." " The Bible," said he, " may be so used by godless teachers as to promote skepticism." Just so; "godless teachers " are incompetent to give religious instruction; and for this reason, if for no other, teaching the Bible, either in whole or in part, should not be attempted by the State, but should be left to the Church and the home. row "God in Government" A GREAT deal of dignified nonsense has been written on the recognition of God in government, union of religion and the State, and kindred subjects, and we expect much more. Some think it absolutely necessary that religion be connected with the State, and God recognized by the Gov-ernment, and that no harm will follow in the way of intolerance or persecution, as some anticipate. An article of this kind has appeared in the Arena for May, over the signature of Canon W. H. Freemantle. The writer anticipates no trouble from the recognition of God in government, be-cause "this Christianity [of the Bible] can never beget a church which is the foe of progress. " He further says, in speaking of what is vital in Christianity : " In this I trust the two countries are agreed. I see in both 