778 AMERICAN SENTINEL. enforce its demands and achieve its purposes must be military force, or the threat of it. To say that such a combination exists to guarantee the world's peace is of the same piece of burlesque as the holy alliance's profes-sion to apply to politics and international relations the precepts of the Christian religion. The alarming distance the country is straying from Washington's policy ought to be apparent. THE Union Signal reports that "A saloon-keeper of Kenosha, Wis., recently arrested on the charge of vio-lating the State law by keeping his saloon open on Sunday, was acquitted in a jury trial, after the jury had deliberated two minutes. The defense was that the law under which prosecution was brought was a dead letter, and that the City Council of Kenosha has given a silent permit to every saloon-keeper to violate it." * A WASHINGTON dispatch states that "The original copy of the Declaration of Independence is no longer to be seen by the public, because exposure to the air and light has made the text and signatures almost illegible. The document is now kept in a large safe in the library of the State Department." One paper takes cognizance of this information with the remark that "A dark and inaccessible vault is obviously the place for it" (the Dec-laration) these days. * * SPEAKING of the effects of opium in China, Mr. Will-iam Jameson Reid, in an interesting volume entitled "Through Unexplored Asia," says, "The death rate from this source alone exceeds that from nearly all other causes." And he adds: "As the drug was intro-duced by a Christian nation, and its importance as an industry is augmented by Christian support, there is little hope of its suppression." * * * This is an example of the "benefits" a "Christian nation" confers on heathen lands by means of superior military force; for opium, as all know, was forced upon China by the British government. The "missionary" work accomplished at the point of the bayonet is not of a kind that blesses its recipients. The real missionary and representative of Christianity is he who goes not as a master, but as a servant. ACCORDING to the Worcester Telegram (Mass.) China is making noteworthy progress in preparing to fight after the manner of the Western nations. "The dow-ager empress has authorized the building of a large number of factories for the manufacture of small rapid-fire cannon in alarming quantities. Six smokeless pow-der factories are in operation, and the government esti-mate of the output is 50,000 catties a month. The government is said to have 2,000,000 cartridges loaded with smokeless powder in its magazines ready for in-truders. Smokeless civilization is flooding old China." * * * SOME plain truths which are ignored by those lead-ing the march of empire, were stated by a British work-ingman recently to a newspaper interviewer:Š "What weighs with most men is this: The Govern-ment promised old-age pensions. They say now that they cannot keep their promise because they do not know where to get the money. Yet they are ready to spend millions on millions upon a war waged to lower >the taxation of rich men in the Transvaal. As for the Transvaal vote, where is the sense of sending 70,000 soldiers to get it for a lot who have been attracted by gold there, when above a million of workingmen at home never have a chance, by the operation of our reg-istration laws, to get it in their own country?" * AN anti-clerical campaign is being conducted under government sanction in France. A raid recently made on the premises of the Assumptionist Fathers, brought to light 1,800,000 francs that were held by this religious order, presumably for no legitimate purpose. * * * The French government, says the Pall Mall Gazette, "must be delighted at the result of the police search of the Assumptionist premises. At the most it could not have been hoped that anything more suspicious would be found than a few more or less compromising papers, but as much to their surprise as to their satisfaction, the detectives stumbled on a treasure of over 1,800,000 francs in cash and bank notes. This secret hoard of the reverend fathers will assume immense importance in the popular imagination. That it was a,,sort of war chest to be drawn upon at a moment's notice for the purpose of fomenting a revolution will appear wholly undeniable to every good Radical in the country." * * * And this view is greatly strengthened by the further fact that "no regular reader of the Croix," which "is the most powerful instrument of clerical propaganda that exists in France," "could possibly fail to arrive at the opinion that the republic is a most objectionable form of government." The pope is evidently not so much in love with republics as he professes to be. 