660 AMERICAN SENTINEL. a long life of outward innocence; but in the eye of God he is a sinner. As religion is a matter between the individval man and his Creator, there is no escape for man from his per-sonal accountability. He cannot shift it to the shoulders of other persons, or to a church or nation. He cannot shelter himself under the provisions of a statute or the indulgences of an ecclesiastical superior. He must obey God rather than man. If Nebuchadnezzar, the king, orders him to fall down at the sound of the trumpet and worship the golden image, he should not obey, though ke knows he shall be cast into the furnace seven times heated; or, if the order be not to pray to God, his duty is to disobey with the certainty before him "of being thrown into a den of lions. While he should promptly obey all the laws of civil government, enacted within their proper sphere, he should refuse obedience when they clash with his religious obligations. Every religion teaches martyr-dom in preference to sin. The repentant sinner escapes the penalty of sin. No matter how black his sin, he needs nothing but repent-ance to wash him whiter than snow. If the heart is right, there is no punishment for past offences. "God is love" is the fundamental principle of religion. Washington, D. C. State Religion. BY M. E. KELLOGG. IT is quite commonly believed that the United States Constitution forbids the establishment of any church as a State church in any of the States of the United States'; but it does not. It simply prohibits the United States from doing so, either for the States or for itself; and each State is left free to adopt a religion if it wants to. The fear that the State of Utah will establish a State re-ligion and enforce it, is bringing this factŠthat a State can establish a religionŠvery forcibly home to many who have heretofore been in darkness upon this subject. The Methodist Episcopal Church is doing quite an extensive missionary work in Utah, but it is now con-fronted with the fact that there may soon be a State church established there which will effectually bar its progress. Discussing the situation in Utah, the Christian Advo-cate of October 7, says:Š " Concerning Statehood and its relation to the strengthening of Mormonism, we remind our readers that the 'Christian Advocate for a number of years directed attention to the fact that the power of the States with regard to religion isŁ not limited. There is nothing to prevent any State from setting up an established church, except its own constitutional provisions, which may be changed according to methods provided for by existing constitutions. The public seems to sleep under the idea that because the Constitution provides that 'Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of reli- gion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof,' the States have no power to, do so, forgetting that the Constitution also provides that `the powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.' Consequently, should the Mormons pos-sess a vote sufficiently large to alter the Constitution, they could make Mormonism the established religion of Utah, and crush out all efforts to promote Christianity; and even in the absence of that, in the counties where,  they are sufficiently strong they could nullify the laws against polygamy by intentionally delaying indefinitely the prosecution of offenders. We know of no power ex-isting, under the Constitution, to maintain the rights of Christians in that State except the mighty force of public opinion, throughout the land, and the propagation by slow degrees of the American idea." The Advocate sees very clearly that there is a danger that the State of Utah, through and by the use of its regularly established and recognized powers, may make the State an engine of tyranny to oppose and oppress those who do not accept the doctrines of the dominant church. It also believes that this would be a great wrong, which nothing but the "mighty force of public opinion throughout the land, and the propagation by slow degrees of the American idea" could eradicate. The Advocate is able to see this because of the dan-ger that one church, the Mormon Church, will gain the power, and especially because the Mormon Church will be liable to use that power to prevent the extension of the Methodist Church in that State. Right here some very important questions may be asked : Should two or three churches unitetogether upon something concerning religion, which they consider fun-damental, and, by pressure on the legislators, cause it to be incorporated into the laws of a State,Šforbidding or commanding a practice,Šwould it not be a step in the same direction as the establishment of a State church, and would it not be precisely the same to those who regard such law as an abuse of clerical influence and authority and an invasion of natural right? It surely would. But to be more precise: should the Methodists and Mormons of Utah unite in securing a strong Sunday law in that State, would not those who believe they have a God-given right to labor on the first day of the week con-sider such a law an abridgment of their rights; that the power that caused the lawŠthe Methodist and Mormon churchesŠwas one, and that the yielding to their de-mands by the legislature was at least a quasi acknowl-edgment of a union of those two churchesŠone in pur-poseŠwith the State? They would; and they would have a perfect right to think so. Now, it is this religious pressure by various churches joined together that has caused the enactment of every Sunday law in the different States of the Union. And a purely church practice forced upon all the people by sev-eral churches is just as bad as though it were so done by one church alone. .01 course a church and state union may go frather than this; but the same principle as here 