AMERICAN SENTINEL. 119 than once that it was Peter himself. But even should Saint Augustine and all the fathers say that the apostle is the rock of which Christ speaks, I would resist them single-handed, in reliance upon the holy Scriptures, that is, on divine right; for it is written: 'Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Christ Jesus.' Peter himself terms Christ the chief corner stone, and a living stone on which we are built up a spiritual house." (Italics ours.) This was a severe blow to Eck, who replied:Š "I am surprised at the humility and modesty with which the reverend doctor undertakes to oppose, alone, so many illustrious fathers, and pretends to know more than the sovereign pontiff, the councils, the doctors, and the universities! . . . It would be surprising, no -doubt, if God had hidden the truth from so many saints and martyrsŠuntil the advent of the reverend doctor." (Italics ours.) In this sarcastic reply Eck but stated exactly the position which Rome occupied then and still maintains in regard to the alleged superior advantage afforded by tradition over holy Scriptures. Luther in "Table Talk" evinces a clear understanding of the subject of tradition as against the Bible. He says: "When God's Word is by the fathers expounded, construed, and glossed, then, in my judgment, it is even as when one strains milk through a coal sack, which must needs spoil and make the milk black. God's word of itself is pure, clean, bright, and clear; but through the doctrines, books, and writings of the fathers, it is darkened, falsified and spoiled." Melancthon also shares in the credit belonging to those sturdy reformers who laid down the principle that "the fathers must be explained according to the Script-ures, and not Scriptures according to the fathers." This has been substantially the same view taken by true Protestantism all along from its inception. An able writer (Bowers) has well said on the subject of tradition: "To avoid being imposed upon, we ought to treat tradi- tion as we do a notorious liar, to whom we give no credit unless what he says is confirmed to us by some person of undoubted veracity. . . . False and lying tradi- tions are of an early date, and the greatest men have out of a pious credulity, suffered themselves to be im-posed upon by them." In speaking of the written traditions of the so called "Early Fathers," Dr. Adam Clarke, the Protestant com-mentator, says:Š "But of these we may safely say that there is not a truth in the most orthodox creed that cannot be proved by their authority; nor a heresy that has disgraced the Romish church that may not challenge them as its abet-tors. In points of doctrine, their authority is with me nothing. The Word of God alone contains my creed. On a number of points I can go to the Greek and Latin lathers of the church to know what they believed, and what the people of their respective communions believed; but after all this, I must return to God's Word to know what he would have me believe." In his "History of Interpretation," Archdeacon Far-rar says of the fathers:Š "There are but few of them whose pages are not rife with errors,Šerrors of method, errors of fact, errors of history, of grammar, and even of doctrine. This is the language of simple truth, not of slighting.  disparage-ment." Neander, the church historian, adds further testi-mony against traditional teaching of the church. In "History of the Christian Religion and Church," Vol. I., p. 657, he says:Š "The writings of the so-called.apostolic Fathers have unhappily, for the most part, come down to us in a con-dition very little worthy of confidence, partly because under the name of these men, so highly venerated in the church, writings were early forged for the purpose of giv-ing authority to particular opinions or principles; and partly because their own writings which were extant, be-came interpolated in subservience to a Jewish hierarchi-cal interest, which aimed to crush the free spirit of the gospel." Of the corruption of truth during the early ages of the church, "Cox's Literature," Vol. I., p. 123, adds to the record the following:Š "In the early ages of the church, the writings of the fathers were corrupted without scruple, to serve the pur-poses of contending sects. The truth is, that the prac-tice of vitiating these holy writings, and even of forging whole treatises and letters, detracts materially from the value of all that has come down to us as the productions of the fathers." The above quoted extracts are submitted to show the true Protestant estimate of tradition, viz.: That it is so unreliable, and in so many cases so absolutely false in doctrine when compared with and verified according to holy Scriptures, that there must needs be a sure and certain standard which can be found in "the Bible and the Bible only." This is true Protestantism, pure and simple, no matter whether so-called Protestant churches have been faithful to the platform or not. Moreover, the Scriptures themselves forbid the traditions of men which may be averse to the divine teaching contained in the Word. This will be the subject of consideration in our next article. Strange Synonyms. AT the beginning of the war with Spain it was de-clared by President McKinley that "forcible annexation cannot be thought of," in the case of Cuba, because such a thing would be "criminal aggression." And Congress, in harmony with the same sentiment, declared before the world that "the people of Cuba are, and of right ought to be, free and independent." Now, less than a year later, Congress has declared of the people of the Philippine IslandsŠa people as capable as are the CubansŠthat they are not, and of right ought 