574 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the men who believe the state ought to be religious. It is just the way in which they propose to make the state religious; that is, by the votes of the people. All they want is to get a preponderance of religious votes; and they are continually exhorting the church members to put their religion into their votes. This is what they mean by a "Christian vote."'And certainly, if a Christian is to vote, he ought to vote as a Christian. "Whether therefore ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus," is the rule of Christianity. The Christian cannot lay aside this rule when he comes to the ballot box. 0 THERE being a "Christian vote," there must of course be "Christian politics;" and of "Christian politics" we are hearing on all sides. And when the "Christian poli-ticians" can command in behalf of their schemes suffi-cient "Christian votes" to put the mold of such politics upon the state, we shall then have a "Christian state!' And then, by extending the "Christian state" to the va rious lands of the earth, by "Christian" and "humanita-rian" wars, etc., they will have all the world made Chris-tian and then will come the millennium! And all this starts with the "Christian vote;" all of it grows out of the idea that the Christian ought to take part in pol-itics. ALL this, we are told, will not be a union of church and state. Oh no; the people who want this are as much opposed to union of church and state, they assure us, as anyone can be! And they are just as consistent as the person who says it is a Christian's duty to vote, but does not believe in a religious state. The "Christian vote" is simply the first step in the development of church and state union in full. Union of church and state in the individual is the starting point of union of church and state in the legislature, and in the nation. Let profes-sors of religion go into politics, and union of church and state will inevitably follow. Let them keep out of pol-itics, and no union of church and state would ever be possible. AND because the SENTINEL will not be so inconsistent as to approve of church and state union in the individ-ual, while denouncing it in the nation at large, our cor-respondent says he has no use for the SENTINEL. Very well; it may be there are many more who hold to the same view. But if they had all the use in the world for the SENTINEL, that would be of little value to the cause for which it stands; for that cause cannot be helped on by inconsistency. Sooner or later, when the controversy shall have waxed too warm for inconsistency to hide it-self, such individuals will be obliged to take their stand squarely on one side or the other of this great question. But far better is it to go to the root of the matter now, stand squarely on the foundation principle of separation  between church and state, and not be obliged to shift from one position to another in the crisis of the battle that is coming. The Gist of the Whole Matter. THE strictest interpretation of any one of the pro-visions of the Constitution of the United States, as applied to any particular case, is the only one admissi-ble: for if we, for policy's sake, or to suit some strong element, or a new sentiment, are to relax by degrees and gradually waive the benefits of its protection in the effort to give a broad or so-called "liberal" interpretation, it would be better to commit the act openly and at one blow, for its complete destruction would be but a ques-tion of time by the other process. If done openly, no man need be deceived by plausible sophistries into lend-ing his influence towards the destruction of this guardian of our liberties, but could intelligently decide what course to pursue. The most indifferent man believes it would be wrong to annihilate It at one blow, and the most crafty and designing knows it could not be done. Since it is admit-tedly wrong to destroy it at one blow, it would also be equally wrong to take the first step in the direction that might end thus by degrees, even though the act was done in innocence or ignorance. The act must be measured by the results that may be produced, and not by what it appears to be. Notwithstanding these self-evident truths, there are a number of people who seem to be well-meaning who are striving to have the name of God inserted in the Constitution, and to give it an undeniable religious phase; the next step will be to embody in it a religious test for citizenship, for by their own public admission, they do not propose to relax their efforts nor be content until the full measure of their desires become an accom-plished fact. If they were pressed to give a definite and satisfactory reason for their course, or required to tell what results are likely to be produced, we believe it would be impossible for them to do so. Now, concerning religious liberty recognized and guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States as the natural and inalienable right of every man: Accord-ing to a strict interpretation of this provision, we deny the right of any court in the land to try any man on a charge of so-called "Sabbath desecration," viz.: because the highest legislative body in the land is enjoined by the Constitution to preserve inviolate every man's right to "worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience," and not according to the " consciences " of some religious zealots, as crystallized into so-called "religious" laws. The only proviso (a reasonable one) being that no man shall interfere with another in the exercise of his rights. The same supreme legislative body is prohibited, in addition, from legislating on any religious question. 