662 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. ilEir Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Poet-office.) Liberty. WE want no flagŠno flaunting ragŠ In Liberty's cause to fight; We want no blaze of murderous guns To struggle for the right; Our spears and swords are printed wordsŠ The mind's our battle-plain; We've won our victories thus before, And so we shall again. We love no triumphs gained by forceŠ They stain the brightest cause; 'Tis not in blood that Liberty Inscribes her sacred laws; She writes them on the people's hearts, In language clear and plain; True thoughts have moved the world before, And so they shall again. We want no aid of barricade To show a front to wrong; We have a fortress in the,Truth More durable and strong. Calm words, great thoughts, unflinching faith Have never striven in vain; They've won our victories many a time, And so they shall again. Peace, progress, knowledge, brotherhood, The ignorant may sneerŠ The bad deny; but we rely To see their triumph near No widow's groans shall mar our cause, No blood of brethren slain: Kindness and Love have won before, And so they shall again. ŠMackay. 10 f Ł .4 4 Fourth Century and Nineteenth Century Parallels. THE early Christian Church, when it went forth to fulfill the divine commission to "preach the gospel to every creature," met with severe persecution at the hands of Rome. Rome was then pagan, and the meas- ures employed against the Christians were taken in the name of paganism, in the name of the pagan principle which compelled worship of the gods of Rome. But in spite of persecution, Christianity spread throughout the empire, carrying with it the divine prin-ciple of brotherly love and regard for the rights of beings created in the image of God; teaching men to render to Cwsar the things that were Cmsar's, and to God the things that were God's. Toleration came in the place of persecution, and a final acknowledgment of the right of the Christians, and of all men, to worship only the God of their own choice. But ere long, a professor of the Christian religion sat on the throne of the empire, and the church which held the name and practiced the forms of Christianity became the dominant power in the land. Church and state were united, and the state did the bidding of the church. And then persecution was again waged, more severely than ever, against those who maintained alle-giance to the principles of the divine government. The realm of conscience was invaded, religious freedom was swept away, individual rights were denied, on a wider scale than had been done before. But this time it was done in the name of Christianity. In the name of that which had before proclaimed the right of every man to think for himself and to worship as his own conscience might dictate,Šin the very name of that which had de-demanded this for all men, all this was denied to men. And that produced the worst persecution, the worst state of things in politics and society, that the world ever knew. The very light that was in men became dark-ness, and, how great was that darkness was made known by the long night of the Dark Ages. And now, in this country, is to be seen a parallel to this retrograde movement which brought darkness and ruin upon the world then, and which can only have a similar result to-day. The United States Government arose to proclaim to the world the principles of civil freedom, the right of men to self-government. Its sepa-ration from the monarchy of Great Britain was justified by the Declaration of Independence, which proclaimed all men to be created equal and possessed of inalienable rights, to preserve which is the only legitimate object of civil government. Situated in a territory which had become a refuge for the oppressed of other lands, the principles of civil and religious freedom found in this Government the soil for vigorous growth, and the op-portunity for a world-wide influence upon man. The right of men to self-government was asserted not only for the citizens of this Government, but for those of all governments on the earth. But now, the United States Government itself is de-parting from the principles for which it has hitherto stood. When it arose as a power among the nations, it protested against despotism in the name of the inalien-able right of all men to civil and religious freedom. Its policy was that of "government of the people, by the people, and for the people." Put a new policy is coming- 