A SUNDAY measure of themost pronounced Blue-law type is reported as having passed the House of the Con-necticut legislature, April 22. It provides that no labor or sport should be allowed in the State between sunrise and sunset on Sundays, and fixes a penalty of $50 for violation of its provisions. One noticeable feature of it is that it specifies that no exception shall be made for persons who observe the seventh day as the Sabbath. Doubtless this latter provision most fully embodies they  real spirit of the measure. The press report states that should the provisions o this bill be strictly construed, they "would stop the elec-tric cars and stages, and would make it unlawful to ride out in carriages or on bicycles or to go boating, fishing or swimming " TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. MER1CAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncotnpromis opposed,  to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. - AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 285 "As the statistic's given do not include the colored churches, we must first deduct about 35,000 for the col-ored population of the city. Of the remaining 165,000, we may assume that about one-sixth iare Roman Catho-lics, and that they attend, with more or less regularity, on their own services. There are also some Jews. Of the 130,000 who remain, perhaps one-fifth are infants and children too young to attend church. Invalids and aged people also may be detained through necessity. And for the care of the infants or of the sick, and for works of imperative necessity (such as would warrant absence from the sanctuary), a yet :further allowance must be made. If now we deduct thirty per cent, of the 130,000 as thus detained from one or both serv-ices, on any particular sabbath; we shall find in the city about 90,000 who ought to be in the house of God every sabbath, and the most of whom might be expected to attend on the mid-week prayer-meet-ing. " There are in this city ninety-eight Protestant churches, besides twenty-five mission preaching points. "The reports gathered by these young men show that in the ninety-one churches counted, the seating capacity is only 39,898. It would thus appear that in all our evangelical churches for whites, we have room to seat only about one fourth of the people of the city, and less than one half of those who should be expected there on the sabbath day. Does not this afford food for thought? "Of the white people of this city, probably about 130,000 are to be counted as non-Catholic. Of these, perhaps two-thirds, or nearly 90,000, are of an age to understand and accept the gospel and unite with the church. But the reports that have been brought to us show (in 84 churches) only 25,423 church members, somewhat more than one fourth, and less than one third. Surely this will suggest the room and the need for Chris_ tian work in order to reach this vast mass of unconverted people. "In years gone by, the attendance at church on any sabbath was in excess of the number of members. But from this census it appears that now the number of peo-ple present in the churches on sabbath morning is less than three fifths of the membership. In 87 churches, our co-workers found only 14,588 persons present at the morning service. And at night the attendance in 85 churches, as reported to us, was only 10,483, or about two fifths of the membership. If a reasonable part of the attendants were unconverted people, then it would ap-pear that only about half of the church members were at the house of God in the morning, and only about one third of them at the night services. 'qhis Ina, may exPlain why it is that seventy per cent. of the white population of Louisville over twelve years oVage,  are not members of the church. When the people of God neglect the sanctuary, they cannot expect the children of the world to come. If all the Christians in the city would go to church with regularity, they would give to the services a warmth and an interest whiCh would draw the outsiderS and lead them also to attend. "The Sunday 'school attendance gives us greater eouragement. Of the 13,000 non-Catholic white pop-ulation of this city,: ,about 40;000 are between five and twenty years of age. Out of these we find a sab-bath school attendance, of,., 13,829, which would give  us. n Sunday , school enrollment of ,about 18,000, nearly one half. (This includes teacher's and also infant classes.) "But all thisencouragement disappears when we note the poverty of the attendance at the mid-week prayer-meeting. Out' of— the 90,000 people who might be there, the count just made (in fifty-three churches) shims only 2,207 actually present:  This indicates only about three thousand people 'at prayer-meeting-iinVreilneci4 night in this great city of:Lbuisville,-about one in thirty of the adult Protestant' people, and only one.  eighth of the church members. ' Were .there not ten cleansed? but where are the nine?" Are not these the days spoken of by 'the Apostle Paul (2 Tim. 2:1-5), when there was to be but a "form of god; liness," with a denial of its power? There are churches' there are creeds and ceremonies; but where is the power of God? Published Weekly .by Pacific_ Press PublishIng Go. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty AssOciation. Single Copy, Per Year, $1.00. Six months, Three " - ADDRESS,.AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street. New York. 