AMERICAN SENTINELS. 269 Sll A. D. The fast has also been adopted in the Greek and Episcopalian denominations. The purpose of the institution of this long fast was sanitary. In olden -days, the festivities of the Christmas time were such as would be considered barbarous by us. The community was given over to banqueting, reviling, eating, drink-ing and all manner of dissipation. This went on for weeks before Christmas, and continued for weeks after the New Year. For the time being everybody was given over to unrestrained license and the gratification of appetite. There could be but one result. The end of the Christmas and New. Year festivals found the people surfeited in body, stupefied in mind, beclouded in spirit. Some means must be found to restore to health these three departments of human life, and Lent was devised for that purpose. Let the people for forty days live plainly. Let them foregoluxuries and confine them-selves to necessities. Let them cease wandering about at all hours, and let them abide at home. This was certainly common sense, and a good program for the whole year as well as for the Spring-time. How was this to be enforced? Make it a religious observance; and like the sanitary laws of Moses, and the ablutions of Mohammed, it becomes practicable. This was done, and the result is Lent. Is there the same reason for the observance of this fast as in days of old? Yes, verily. For many people the winter months are still times of revelry. There are still scores of people who live in a very merry-go-round of social enjoyment. The writer knows of one woman whose invitations for one season numbered ninety-seven. Twice, at the close of the season, has this woman gone to the hospital with nervous prostration. Such fast livers need a season of retirement, or they will be-come physical and spiritual wrecks. Is the observance of Lent the true remedy for this social ailment? Not by any means. There is a more excellent way: Let the whole year be dedicated, not to five o'clock prayers, and week night vigils, and punish-ing of the flesh by abstaining from food, but to "living soberly, righteously and godly." Let us have our citizenship always in heaven, and let us look for the ap-pearing of our.  Lord Jesus; and we shall need no forty days of special self-denial, because every day will be given to God. Wily does Sunday as a day of rest need any more protection than Saturday as a day of rest? PURE ALL WHEAT GRAHAM FLOUR, ground under our personal supervision, fresh to our order. We will just now fill orders at $4.00 per bbl. Grape Juice, pure, unfermented, 3 qts. for $1.00; 5 pts. for $1.10. Sand for new lists. Remit by money orders. NEW YORK FOOD CO., OXFORD, N. Y. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper mote-4 or coin is sent, register the letter. AM   1-1:RICA.N S   1-1,NTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom- promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OP THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year Ł $1.00. Six months .50. Three months - - .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. How to find it When it's lost How to keep it When it's found. This new book is attracting favorable attention wherever circulated, on account of its practical health hints and its numerous statistical tables in which are set forth the scientific principles upon which the book is based. But do not get an idea that the book is full of technical terms which the ordinary reader will not understand, for such is not the case. It is' written in the interesting, entertaining style peculiar to the writer who is a lecturer of wide experience. The following are the chapter titles:Š The Lost Treasure Man's Present Condition Errors in Diet The Enemies of Man The Digestive Agents Timely Suggestions What to Eat and Why To Whom Do We Belong? Useful Information Home Remedies for Common. Diseases Seasonable. Recipes. This book contains 222 pages, is well printed on good book paper, bound in neat green cloth, and will be sent postpaid for $1.00 Address any of our Agencies, or Address Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond St., New York City. KANSAS CITY, MO. OAKLAND, CALIF. 