ALONZO T. JONKS, CALVIN 13". SOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. EDITORS.   "If any Man Near My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World."   VOLUME 10. NEW YORK, MAY 9, 1895. NUMBER 19.     American :Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL sincerely loves all Roman Catholics; from the pope on his throne to the peddler under his pack. WE trust that our love for them is so great that if called upon to do so we would be will-ing to die that we might do them good. THE reason for making these statements at-this time is to correct a wrong impression which may have been made upon the minds of Roman Catholics, and for which wrong im-pression we may be partially to blame. WE have said much and will say more about the papacy, its history, its doctrines, and its aims, both as regards America and the world ; and this is written that Roman Catholics may know the motives from which we speak and the object at which we aim. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is moved to speak against the character and aims Of the papacy, with the hope of saving Roman Cath-olics themselves from their own false system, and to save others from being deceived into believing that the system constitutes the true Church of Christ. This we shall endeavor to do in the spirit of Christian love, and wherein we shall fail in doing this we shall mis-represent and dishonor the cause we seek to serve. WE cannot hope to have the friendship of all those who are in bondage to the errors of Rome, because were we to tell the truth even with the tongue— and amid the sympathetic tears of the world's Redeemer, it would not save us, as it did not save him, from the charge of being an enemy. Paul, when contending for the gospel of faith against the bondage of works,Šthe same gospel for which we stand,  and the same bondage against which we speak, Šwas led to cry out in the travel of his soul, " Am I therefore become your enemy, because I tell you the truth?".  Two dangers lie in the path of him who would faithfully tell the truth. First, there is the danger of being unnecessarily severe, as Martin Luther was at times; and on the other hand, through an over desire to please, the danger of compromising the truth as did Philip Melanothon at the Diet of Augsburg. Luther, in his advocacy of truth, was some-times harsh, but invincible,. while Melanethon was usually mild but sometimes vacilating. We shall take neither for our model, but in-stead, the perfect Reformer, the " Lion of the tribe of Judah," " the Prince of Peace." WITH ,Jesus as our model we will speak the truth in love, but we will speak the truth. It is false charity that is silencing the Prot-estant Churches to Roman Catholic errors and aggressions. True Christian love will lead its possessor to die for,the good of one in error, but will never consent to a compromise with error. It led the Apostle Peter to say to the Jews, in one breath : " Ye denied the Holy One and the Just, and desired a murderer to be granted unto you.; and killed the Prince of life; " and in the next, " Brethren, I wot that through ignorance ye did it." It inspired the martyr Stephen to say to the Jews, " Which of the prophets have not your fathers persecuted ? and they have slain them which showed before of ,the coming of the Just One; of whom ye have been now the betrayers and murderers ? " And then when his hearers were stoning out his faithful life, this same infinite love led him to pray "with a loud voice, Lord, lay not this sin to their charge." THE SENTINEL has no desire and no occa-sion to question the sincerity of Roman Cath-olics in their beliefs, or their desire to attain to supreme power in America and the world for the good of America and the world. We do not even question the sincerity of the popes, princes, and prelates who violated safe conducts and tortured and burned " heretics" for the good of their souls and the good of so-ciety. On the contrary, we believe they were sincere; for the inhuman cruelties they prac-ticed can only be explained on the ground that  their perpetrators were actuated by a mistaken sense of duty to God that led them to stifle the promptings of even natural affection; and that this view is correct is proven by the words of Christ who said, " The time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service." BUT to admit that Roman Catholics are sin-cere in their erroneous doctrines and conscien-tious in their cruelties to dissenters, does not mitigate the errors nor lessen the crimes of Catholicism, nor yet the duty to faithfully oppose them. However, it does admonish us to eliminate from our utterances all human hate and harshness, all unsanctified elements of the natural heart, all ridicule,Ševerything but what is absolutely necessary to vindicate the truth, and to speak even this in love. WE are aware that Roman Catholics in the United States profess to be satisfied with the American principle of separation of Church and State. But should we admit this, the fact still remains that the papacy in the United States is an integral part of the papacy as a whole, and were Roman Catholics to become liberalized by American" institutions, the con-trolling spirit of the church, which never changes, would eventually rebuke and destroy such liberality. A striking instance of this is before us. For years Cardinal Gibbons has published in "Faith of Our Fathers " (1893, p. 283), an indorsement of the American idea of separation of Church and State, and a plain disavowal of any desire for State patronage;,  but now comes Pope Leo's encyclical to Amer-ica and condemns the American principle and the cardinal's indorsement of it. We print the two in parallel columns :Š I do not wish to see the It would be very erro- day when the church will neous to draw the conclu-invoke or receive any gov-  sion that . . . it would ernment aid to build our be universally lawful or.  churches, or to pay the expedient for the church salary of our clergy; for and State to be, as in the government may then America, separate arid di-begin to dictate to us what vorced. . . . She [the doctrines we ought to church] would bring forth preach. And in propor-  more abundant fruit if, in tion as State patronage addition to liberty, she en-would increase, the sym-  joyed the favor of the-pathy and aid of the faith-  laws and the patronage of ful would diminish. the public authority. It is for reasons like the foregoing that we cannot cease to regard the papacy as the great 