THE .ANIERICA_N SENTINEL. 267 denominations; and we find a controversy between the religious denominations ac to whether the Government has fairly di-vided its patronage amongst them. It is not unnatural that that controversy should arise when the Government com-mits itself to the policy of having religious schools. It is not unnatural that denomi-nations large in number and influence, after receiving but a very small portion of Łthat patronage in comparison with others, should say, " If this Government means to establish religious schools, it should divide its patronage amongst the various denominations equitably." Mr. President, I have no partiality for religious schools by any denomination, and, I believe that they are wrong by any denomination, and it is for that reason that I rose to make a few observations. In 1886, $228,259 was appropriated for these private schools. Of that sum $118,-343 was given to the Catholic denomina-tion. In 1887, $363,214 was appropriated for private schools, and of that sum $194,-635 went to the Catholic denomination, in each case over half the amount appropri-ated. In 1888; $376,664 was appropriated to private schools, and $221,169 of that went to Catholic schools. In 1889, $530,-905' was appropriated for this purpose, and, $347,072 of it went to the Catholic schools. In 1890, $561,950 was appropri-ated for private schools, and $356,957 of that sum went to the Catholic denomina-tion, leaving but $204,993 out of the $561,-950 for fifteen other denominations that were interested in Indian schools ; fifteen other denominations, perhaps embracing five-sixths of the religious population of this country, allowed $294,993 out of last year's appropriation, while that single Catholic denomination received $356,9.67 ! The Senator from Massachusetts (Mr-Dawes) assumes that this was because of the greater zeal of the Catholics. Perhaps so. Perhaps it was because of their greater aggressiveness; perhaps it was because of their greater anxiety to get control of the State and of politics. At any rate, there stands' the fact that the fifteen other de-nominations received only about two-fifths of the entire appropriationŠfifteen other religious denominations engaged in educa-tion. Is it surprising that they should make complaints ? And are senators to be muzzled through fear of giving offense to an aggressive denomination ? Are they to be intimidated and prevented from speaking on this subject, and doing jus-tice as among the various denominations interested? So far as I am concerned that shall not influence me; and the way to get rid of this whole subject is not by adding one more to the number of Catholic schools, as, suggested by this bill, and by the Senator from Massachusetts, but it is to separate the whole of these appropria-tions from the religious denominations and put the schools under the Government, and let its teachers and its agents instruct  these Indians. It is urged here as a reason why this should not be done, that the religious denominations will do the work cheaper than the Government can do it, and it is assumed that they will do it better than the Government can do it. Mr. Presi-dent, if they can do that, they can carry on education in the States cheaper, and they can carry on education in the States better, than the State government can do it. It is an admission that ought not to be made that the Government is incompe-tent to provide persons who can carry on these schools with advantage to the Ind-ians. I recognize, in view of the relations which the Indians of the country bear to the Government of the United States, that it is the duty of the United States to do whatever it can do reasonably, to promote their civilization and their welfare, and whatever is reasonable and right and nec-essary to that end shall have my support. But I wish to be understood as protesting now, and for all time, against the union of Church and State in any educational department of this Government, and for the reason that it necessarily leads to the very troubles which have now come up, and to controversies between religious denominations as to who shall use the money of the Government in this business of educating the Indians. It is an unseemly and unnatural condition of things in this country, and an improper condition of things, one that ought to be frowned down, and voted down, and put out of existence. There is no more reason why the Government of the United States shall make an alliance with religious de-nominations for education, than that a State should make an alliance with relig-ious denominations for educational pur-poses. It is wrong, it is dangerous, it is mischievous, and I had hoped that the Ł Committee on Indian Affairs this year, would take some steps towards breaking down this union of Church and State upon this subject. Instead of that, the chairman of the Committee consents, and they have agreed to add one more to the number of Catholic schools, although they have refused to add any other for any of the Protestant denominations. They allow the aggres-sion to go still further. Mr. President, that is wrong, and if no other senator moves, I shall move to strike out the St. Boniface school from the provisions of this bill. I thought it right to make this state-ment in view of the mischief which underlies this whole system. Now, I desire to say one more thing in reference to what was stated by the Sen-ator from Minnesota (Mr. Davis), that this matter about the education of the Indians in the Blackfeet Reservation, I think it was, originated in 1885, under a promise, a pledge I believe he said, of the  Secretary of the Interior, that Catholics there should have the control of the schools, and he promised to provide them with one hundred and sixty acres of land on which to place them. Mr. President, is it so that a pledge of the Secretary of the Interior is to control the policy of the Government ? Is it so that a promise of the Secretary of the Interior is sufficient title for land, no title being made by authority of Congress or law ? I do not assent to either proposi-tion. I do not assent especially to a proposition, fraught with as much mis-chief as it is, to either the origination of a policy or the grant of the land. Prohibition Sunday Laws. THE platform of the California State Prohibition Party, says :Š We favor the enactment of a law requiring one day in seven as a day of rest, as a civil institution, but providing that where any individual habitually rests from labor upon a certain day of the week, such person shall not be required to rest upon any other day, but providing further that in no case shall intoxicating liquors be sold upon such rest days. This is another instance of the under-handed means by which the religious leg-islationists of the day, seek to secure laws enforcing their religious views. This statement is considerably involved. It does not say what is intended; and it pretends to say what it does not mean at all. First, " We favor the enactment of a law requiring one day in seven as a day of rest as a civil institution." If a law were enacted in the very words here used, requiring everybody to rest " one day in seven," the people who framed the above declaration would not admit for a moment that it was a right kind of a law. Next, after demanding a law that shall require one day in seven as a day of rest, it also requires that a provision shall be embodied in the law that " when any in-dividual habitually rests from labor on any particular day of the week, such person shall not be required to rest upon any other day." Will the Prohibitionists of California please explain how a person can rest from labor on a certain day of the week without resting one day in seven ? And if the law which they want is to require only that people shall rest one day in seven, and any person is found who actually rests a certain day in the week, then what is the use of making any provision for his benefit ? This betrays the fact that is not ex-pressedŠthat they intend that the law shall fix the one day in seven which they want as a day of rest. This intention, therefore, made it necessary that they should insert the provision that where any individual actually rests upon a cer-tain day of the week, such individual shall not be required to rest upon any other day. Nor is this all. They not only intend 