4 AMERICAN SENTINEL. wise, which must of necessity become the occasion of sectarian controversy, or which can in, any sense be made to interfere with perfect liberty of conscience,"Šthis, backing up their own work to which they are com-mitted by their own resolution, in the nature of things, requires them, in the examination of "all State Sunday laws," to consider whether there be any thing connected with these that may "become the occasion of sectarian controversy, or which can in any sense be made to interŁ fere with perfect liberty of conscience." Thus, by their own action in resolution, and by reg-ular notice of an amendment to their constitution, the N. W. C. T. U. is pledged to ,the consideration of "per-fect liberty of conscience" as connected with Sunday laws and Sabbath observers. And, in the consideration of this mighty question,Šone of the most important ever known,Šthe most important that has ever been before the N. W. C. T. U., the AMERICAN SENTINEL can freely give, and hereby does pledge itself to give, the most hearty co-operation. And we call upon all Sev-enth-day Adventists in the nation to give the same co-operation in the consideration of this great question as the AMERICAN SENTINEL proposes to give. Let a,1"those who keep the Sabbath day" assist by all possible means Šby literature, lectures, sermons, Bible instruction, social converseŠin every way help, and co-operate with, the women of the N. W. C. T. U. in the consideration of this great question, which is inevitably now before them for at least a whole year. A. T. J. .01,4- -14 How to Compel a Man to Keep the Sabbath. BY A. F. BALLENGER. MANY ministers are giving their whole time to the work of influencing legislators, executive officers, to make and enforce laws compelling men to observe Sun-day. All this is worse than lost time. Civil law never made a Sabbath-keeper. The Sabbath law is spiritual. Civil law is not spiritual. A carnal law cannot bear spiritual fruit. There is a way to make real Sabbath-keepers out of Sabbath-breakers. Here is .the way it is done. A minister was preaching the gospel in a Maryland town. There was in the audience a very wicked man. He was a slave to tobacco and whiskey. His hair had grown gray in sin. His sins had separated him from his family, and he was living a hermit's life in a little shanty on the bay. At the close of the gospel sermon a call was made for men and women to forsake their sinful ways and turn to the Lord. Those who desired that prayer be offered for them were asked to raise their hands. This wicked man, this Sabbath-breaker, raised his hand. When these sinners were asked ,to surrender all to God and kneel down and unite in prayer for the forgiveness  of sins, the wicked Sabbath-breaker knelt down. In less than five minutes the wicked Sabbath-breaker was con-verted into a new man. In less than five minutes the wicked Sabbath-breaker became a Sabbath-keeper. When he arose from his knees he had accepted into his life the Spirit of the great Sabbath-keeper, Jesus Christ. This wicked man did not come to the meeting expecting to become a Sabbath-keeper, but he heard the truth preached with compelling power and he yielded to its in-fluence and became one. After the meeting he said: "My tools were all sharp-ened r6.,z,iy to go to work to morrow (this was Friday night) but to-morrow is the Sabbath, and I am going to keep it." This man was baptized and joined the church. He was reunited with his family, and a happy home resulted. Some weeks later an unconverted son remarked to the writer that there was a great change in their home; another unconverted boy declared that since father was converted their home was like heaven. This is the way Sabbath-keepers are made. Every other process will fail. "The'carnal mind is enmity against God; for it is not subject to the law. of God, neither indeed can be." Why then attempt to compel the car-nal mind to be subject to the law of God when the Spirit of God says it cannot be done? But "the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus," received into the heart of a Sabbath-breaker will destroy the carnal mind and set him "free from the law of sin and death" so that the "righteousness of the law" can "be fulfilled" in him. What the world needs and what Sabbath breakers need is not "the law of a carnal commandment" but "the power of an endless life,"--;"the power from on high"Šthe Holy Spirit. "Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of Hosts." Washington, D. C. Sunday Law Decision Reversed in Pennsylvania. Arial, Pa., Dec. 25. EDITORŁ AMERICAN SENTINEL:ŠIn August last David 'Edwards caused S. B Field, a Sabbath keeper and now a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church here to be arrested for binding and drawing oats on Sunday, a notice of which appeared in the SENTINEL, of August 17. The justice decided against Mr. Field and fined him $4 and costs. Mr. Field's lawyer appealed the case to the County Court. Last week the judge reversed the decision of the justice, thereby clearing Mr. Field. A. L. COBB. .414 44' A NEW JERSEY judge has decided in a test case that a Sunday shave is a necessity. It is still too soon to express the hope that any judge in New Jersey or any other State will decide that the personal liberty of the American citizen is a necessity.ŠN. Y. World. 