158 VoL. 10, No. 20. ish view of the matter, expressed by the Jewish Exponent, as follows: The participation of Christian divines in the services at Jewish houses of worship, a notable instance of whichŠat the dedication of a synagogue in Cleveland Šhas attracted attention, is accepted as a welcome evidence of good-will and mutual toleration, if it has no under or deeper significance. It must be confessed, however, that the expression of this sentiment in this way does not seem specially appropriate. For men to ignore broad lines of de-marcation,. and to announce a-  harmony where none exists, can only lead to eventual discord. We prefer that Christians and Jews shall remain distinct in the domain of religion, mutually respecting each other's convictions, but agreeing to disagree on this one sub-ject. On all others they can join hands, or at least the lines of cleavage will be other than between Jews and Christians. On occasions of large and general importance, even of religions significance, it may not be unmeet for JeWs and Christians to join where no sectarian ques-tion is at issue. On other occasions it is better to follow the Mosaic injunction not to remove the land-marks. Not a great while ago a conference of Christians and Jews was held in the First M. E. Church of Chicago, in which ministers of several denominations took prominent part, notably Revs. W. E. Blackstone, C. A. Blan-chard, D. C. Marquis, E. P. Goodwin. The meetings were opened and closed with devo-tional "exercises "Šsinging, prayer, etc.,Šand the name of Christ was entirely ignored; even the benediction was Moses' blessing, written off and read for the occasion. The Chicago Tribune criticised the matter and interviewed both Jews and Christians on the subject. The Jewish Rabbi said:-7-- It was undoubtedly the intention on the part of those who arranged the affair to have all reference to Christ and the Trinity omitted from the devotional exercises. As such it was a great concession on their part, and I think an unfortunate one. More than that, it was the most inconsistent in those who believe that prayer should be offered in the name of Christ. It seems to me that the whole thing was unfortunate. I do not wish to be understood as questioning the honest intent of the promoters of the conference. I was of the impression that it was a scheme to convert us and Wrote Mr. Blackstone that were such the case he had better not waste his efforts. He assured me that such was not the case, and I am now convinced to that effect. I am quite certain it did no good, and I hope it did no harm. I was amused at one thing: Mr. Blackstone asked me if I thought the conference would draw a crowd. I replied that it certainly would, as anything in the nature of a show was certain to draw well in Chicago. He replied that he intended to take from it the character of a show by having devotional exercises, I was much surprised at that, wondering all the while how Jews and Christians could possibly worship together. You see, I did not think they would eliminate Christ. It was done, I suppose, to give the conference a solemn character. This end, however, was not fully attained, as I was often interrupted, during my address, by applause. . Ł  MORE PRESS COMMENTS ON TENNESSEE PERSECUTIONS. [From the Charlotte (Mich.) Tribune, April 17.] THE Spirit of Cotton Mather seems to be controlling affairs at Dayton, Tenn., where no less than five Ad-ventists have been in jail for a .month for no other reason than, that they serve God according to the dictates of their own consciences. The Protestant churches should be the loudest in condemnation of such practices. [" Protestant;" in Noblesville (Ind.) Ledger, April 19.] Now this persecution is as plain a violation of this law as is possible, to say nothing of the Constitution of the United States and Declaration of Independence,  which guarantee the utmost religious freedom. And yet to say nothing of the laws and precepts of the Bible, which these same persecutors profess to believe, every law and precept of which they violateŠespe-cially the great ten commandment law that says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath." They break the law themselves and then punish men for keeping it. "How long, 0 Lord! how long ?" [From the New Era, Grand Junction, Ia., April SO.] THE Governor of Tennessee has pardoned the five Adventists, in Rhea County jail, on conviction of work-ing on Sunday. This comes at the same time with the distribution of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, a church paper, containing a full showing of the cause and principle to sustain which these Tennessee members of the church accepted imprisonment rather than pay fines. [From Mystic (Conn.) Press, April 5.] THE article headed "Religious Persecution," in an-other column, reveals the existence of laws on the statute books of at least one of the States of the Union, and a disposition to enforce them oppressively, totally incompatible with a free State under an enlight-ened government. Such proscription and persecu-tion for conscience' sake is a step backward toward the iron rule of a godless ecclesiasticism in the Dark Ages. [From the Sunday Gazetteer, Denison, Tex.] SOME persons, and there are " orthodox " Christians among the number, are disposed to sneer at these-peo-ple [Seventh-day Adventists] who go to prison rather than obey a civil law which they believe to be an in-fraction of a divine command, and which undoubtedly annuls the constitutional guarantee of religious liberty. Those who criticise the action of these people are cer-tainly not familiar with the history of primitive Chris-tianity. The Christians of the first two centuries glo-ried in martyrdom, and rather than obey Roman laws requiring them to observe certain time-honored cus-toms they believed to be contrary to the teachings of Jesus, they submitted to the most excruciating tor-tures, if we may believe the statements of the fathers. Few Christians at this time are seeking martyrdom, but the best representatives we have of primitive Christianity in this respect are the Seventh-day Ad-ventists. [From the Nashville (Tenn.) Banner.] THERE is a law on the statue books of Tennessee which says no man shall work on Sunday, and as these people believe the fourth commandment requires them to keep holy the seventh day of the week, and con-sequently work on Sunday as any other day of the week, their enemies in the neighborhood had them in-dicted for Sabbath-breaking. The most prominent people in the colony thus fell under the heavy hand of the law. Nine of them were convicted and sent to jail for terms ranging from six-teen to seventy-six days each. Among them were the principal of the school and his first assistant and the minister of the colony. This caused the academy to be closed and sadly interrupted the serenity of the community. In passing the sentence upon the, nine men, Judge Parks recited the Sunday law and the Supreme Court decision upholding it, and then expressed his personal regret that some of the best and most law-abiding cit-izens of the county should be compelled to suffer per-secution in the matter of conscience. [From the Noblesville (Ind.) Ledger, April 19.] IN another column of this paper will be found a communication in reference to the prosecution of Sev-enth-day Adventists in Tennessee for violation of Ł the Sunday law. The author of the article does not overstate the matter when he says it is persecution similar to that in the days of the early Christians. It is an in-terference with religious liberty and a relic of the Dark Ages that is greatly at variance with the principles of religious liberty and freedom of conscience conceded and guaranteed to the people of this United States. If Tennessee has a statute requiring some of her cit-izens to observe Sunday as a day of rest when they  religiously and conscientiously observe another day for that purpose, it should be repealed. The facts in the case, as the Ledger understands it, are that a community of Adventists in Tennessee, sober, honest, upright people, had built up a large school there and were living according to their reli-gious belief, until certain evil-minded persons had them arrested and broke up the school by imprisoning the teacher because of observing the seventh instead of the first day of the week. Such persecution in the name of the law must fail of the purpose intended, and will sooner or later react against those instigating and encouraging it. Gubernatorial Clemency. [From, the Times-Democrat, New Orleans, La.] A DISPATCH from Nashville, Tenn., which the Times-Democrat published a few days ago, gave an account of an act of clemency on the part of Governor Turney of that State which will meet with universal approba-tion outside the ranks of the " unco guid " who hold that only what they themselves believe and do has the sanction of heaven. We have called the governor's act an act of clem-ency, but it would have been nearer the mark to call it an act of simple justice. For what was it ? In one of the counties of Tennessee there is a large colony of what is known as " Seventh-day Adventists," one of the articles of whose creed is that the seventh, not -the first, day of the week is the Christian Sabbath. They worship, therefore, on the seventh day of the week, and work on the first. That arrangement did not suit the self-righteous views of the Tennesseeans in their vicinity, who rest and worship on the first day of the week ; and, accord-ingly, to prevent the Seventh-day Adventists from working on the first day of the week, they invoked some Blue Laws of Tennessee which are a relic of me-diaeval barbarism and which are maintained by a State only to its disgrace, and under the terms of these Blue Laws they had a number of the most prominent Sev-enth-day Adventists cast into prison for periods vary-ing from sixteen to seventy-six days. Among the nine Adventists jailed like common felons was the minister of the colony, which is an exceedingly well-behaved and prosperous colony, and the principal of the academy. Those of the incarcerated Adventists who had the short sentences to work out worked them out and were liberated; and at the end of last week Governor Tur-ney extended official clemency to those who had the longer sentences imposed on them, and restored them to the freedom of which it is a veritable scandal to the State of Tennessee that they should ever have been deprived. Now, if we mistake not, the readers of the Times-Democrat will agree with us in doubting whether the word " clemency " should be applied to the governor's act. If the word " clemency " can be applied under the circumstances, it can only be in that stereotyped signification when clemency is merely equivalent to the stoppage of a continuing injustice. And such clemency is of course no clemency, in the proper ac. ceptation of the term, to men who are being outra-geously, even if legally, robbed of their freedom. But, clemency or no clemency, the incarceration of these well-behaved and responsible citizens for holding to a religious belief which happens not to be the belief of the majority and for giving their religious belief its appropriate action, is one of the worst instances of persecution which this country has witnessed in this latter part of the nineteenth century, when we had proudly been flattering ourselves that we had attained the perfection of religious toleration. The. Tennes-seeans who invoked an old Blue Law against these men and put them in prison had their prototype in a well-known scriptural character who prayed much in public, and whose prayer was mostly a recital of his self-asserted superiority to other men ; and their Chris-tianity is more the Christianity of a Torquemada than of Him who preached that wonderful sermon on the mount which is the world's high-water mark of kind-liness and brotherly love. The enlightened State of Tennessee should have the law which sends such men to jail repealed with the least possible delay, or it will lay itself open to a charge of narrow-minded intolerance which will cause civilization, let alone religion, to blush for very shame. 