THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. them. In order to detect a murderer, then, they would have to justify the hir-ing of him to commit murder. Dr. Rains-ford says that the saloon is an evil, but he would have the Church take charge of it, so that the evil might be used for good. Other ministers are showing that they have no belief in the Christian principle of dealing with evil by opposing to it good. They think it is too slow and too tiresome in its workings. It takes too long to change the hearts of men, so that they shall hate evil and love good. They in-struct them to take a short cut by doing evil in order to get good. If the purpose is to use the money for charity, they can steal it. If they think a man is a swin-dler, they can themselves swindle in order to catch him. If people are licen-tious, they can descend into any depths of licentiousness in order to expose them. If others sacrifice their self-respect, you can sacrifice yours in order to see them do it. If they will not degrade themselves for nothing, pay them to degrade themselves. These are vile principles, and as pulpits are teaching them, the newspaper must take the place of such pulpits and pro-claim the heavenly doctrines essential for the preservation of society. Hence, edi-tors should be Christian men who work for the glory of God by inculcating sound Christian principles. . . Ł . The public should hold every newspa-per up to the highest religious standard always, and more especially at this day when that standard has fallen so low Among many sensational ministers.ŠThe Sun. - Ł  THERE is an effort in Chicago to prevent the unconstitutional appropriation of State funds to religious institutions. The fol-lowing incident as recorded in the Chicago Tribune of May 7, will materially aid in that direction :Š At yesterday's meeting of the Woman's Alliance, some commotion was raised by the reading of a report from a committee which endeavored to " inspect" the House of the Good Shepherd. The report claimed that nine of the members visited the house, found it barred and locked like a prison, and were refused admission by Sister Philo-mena, who gave as a reason the absence of the Mother Superior. The latter, however, appeared after the committee had shown sufficient persist-ence. The Mother Superior said that as she was about to start for Europe it would not be conven-ient to show them through. The committee in-formed her that they had a permit from the Gov-ernor to visit all institutions receiving public money. This authority did not move the Mother Superior, who at once ended the conversation, which was carried on through the bars. The committee then. sent two of their number to invoke the aid of the Chief of Police, while the re-mainder sat in a little closet and regaled them-selves, according to the report, with crackers and cheese. While waiting for developments they again sent for the Mother Superior, who sent Sister Phil-omena in her place. The sister in answer to nu-merous questions said that she had been there thirty years but knew nothing about two hundred and sixty girls, inmates, their names being changed when they entered. Any records kept were not for the public. The sub-committee finally returned with a letter to the Mother Superior from Judge Scales advising her to allow the women to go through the house. Another refusal was the result. A positive " no " was also given when the committee sent a message asking if they could do so at some future time. A threat was then made to call a police officer, and this having no effect, the committee gave up the siege as hopeless, and retired. The Catholic Church, and all other churches now receiving State appropria-tions, must either submit to the State in-spection, and dictation as to the use made of the appropriation, or relinquish that appropriation, This last is the proper thing to do. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THE Denver Daily News suggests that if the Fair is to be closed on one day of the week to satisfy one religious element, it should also be closed on any other day that other religionists should see fit to ask. LADY SOMERSET has addressed letters to the archbishops and bishops and the heads of all reli-gious denominations in the United Kingdom, ask-ing their support for legislation, in Parliament, favoring Sunday observance. AT a meeting of the Woman's National Press Association held lately at Washington, D. C., the question of opening the World's Fair on Sunday was discussed. The members generally took part in the discussion, and the majority favored the opening-of the gates. THE Southern Presbyterian General Assembly, in session at Hot Springs, Ark., May 24, passed resolutions demanding that the World's Fair be closed on Sunday. It is a noticeable fact that very few, if any, religious bodies meet nowadays with-out passing such resolutions. Yet many still tell us that they can see no menace in this to our freedom either civil or religious. ON Sunday, June 12, a reporter for the Sun was refused information as to the name of a smallpox patient just sent to North Brother Island, on the ground that the Health Department being closed on Sunday no information could be given. That is to say that although open for business, the office was " constructively " closed, and therefore, as, by fiction of law, no business was being transacted, there could be no information to give. Great is king humbug 1 THE Mail and Express publishes the following:Š The news that a number of German families who settled at Kieff, Russia, have been driven out of the Czar's empire because they refused to give up their religion and join the Russian Orthodox Church, confirms the opinion of those who, like M. A. Leroy-Beaulieu, maintain that the Russian Government has adopted the policy of gradually driving out all strangers from the country, and that their expul-sion of the Jews is but one, although the principal manifestation of this policy. The attention of the Mail and Express should be called to Arkansas and Tennessee, where there has been and is now a determined effort to drive out peaceable and worthy citizens, acknowledged to be conscientious men, because of a difference, in re-ligious belief and practice. NOT only has Congress been asked to manage the local affairs of Chicago on Sunday during the World's Fair, but all Europe is now giving its ad-vice to the Columbian Commission as to what dis-position it shall make of its Sundays, as shown by this paragraph from the Christian Advocate :Š " We have already noticed memorials in favor of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair from the International Federation of Europe, with its head-quarters at Geneva, and also the interesting volume of memorials from representatives of different classes in England. Recently other petitions on the same subject have been received by Dr. Atter-bury, of the New York Sabbath Committee, for transmission to the Columbian Commission, from the committee of the Free Church of Scotland, from the Workingmen's Sabbath Association of Glasgow, and from some prominent business firms of Glasgow. And now comes another memorial from the Continent. An international congress on the Sunday observance has just been in session for three days in Stuttgart, in Germany, attended by  representatives from different parts, of Europe. Its president was Count Von Bernstorff, Chamberlain of the Emperor of Germany. The sessions of the congress were largely attended, and much interest was shown in the reports and discussions. On one occasion the famous ex-Court Preacher Stoecker delivered an address of great power before an audi-ence of three thousand persons. By this congress a petition was unanimously adopted asking for the closing of the Exposition on Sunday, both for the sake of the numerous employes, who would other-wise be deprived of their Sunday rest after the hard labors of the week, and for the influence which such an example would have upon the vis-itors from the Old World in showing how the American people appreciate the divine institution of the Sunday rest, to which they owe to a great ex-tent their national and economical greatness." A WEST VIRGINIA exchange notices the presence of a lecturer named Bennett at Berea and other places in West Virginia, in the interests of the Prohibition and Farmers' Alliance parties, both of which seem to have entrusted their cause to his advocacy. This speaker, who has been dubbed the " Kansas Cyclone " by his adherents, came out openly, it seems, and "plainly stated the design of the parties he represented; he plainly declared their intention to make everything secondary to the agitation of the Sunday question. Immediately following the speeches of Mr. Bennett, the Repub-lican primaries were held, and religio-political matters discussed on every hand." Political religion is certainly becoming popular when its voice is heath from the stump. THE attention of Mr. Johnstone, of South Caro-lina, is called to the following dispatch:-- CHARLESTON, S. C.. June 14.ŠThe city council to-day, under pressure of public opinion, adopted a resolution authorizing the Mayor to relax the stringent blue Sunday laws recently enacted under the law, as adopted by the present administration. The only article purchasable in this city on Sunday was the Sunday cocktail, which was of course ob-tained through side doors. The soda water, ice cream and fruit stands were hermetically sealed, and even the drug-stores were prevented from selling sweet stuff. The public became restive, es-pecially as murder and crime seemed to be on the increase. Hence the resolutions adopted by the Board of Aldermen to-day. Perhaps the call for the establishment of political religion, from South Carolina, is not quite so press-ing as its representative has thought. If that be so, when the debate comes up in the House, on the con-ditioning of the five million loan to the Exposition, on Sunday closing, his voice will not be heard thirty-seven times in favor of enforcing political religion at Chicago. POLITICAL religion and religious politics are devel-oping quite rapidly in New Jersey. A very good evidence of this may be found in the following from the Sun, of June 14:Š " In a sermon on Sunday the Rev. Dr. Scudder, of Jersey City, said: 'As long as Police Superin-tendent Smith remains in office we may expect little else than the present lawlessness and defiance on the part of saloon-keepers. When Mayor Wan-ser gets through with the Board of Works, let him pay his respects to Superintendent Smith and ask o resign.' "'Dr. Scudder," said Superintendent Smith yes-terday, is an active Republican politician. He makes his pulpit a political stump from which he advocates the election of Republican candidates. Before the last election he called a meeting of ministers, and endeavored to get up a boom for the Republican candidate for Mayor. His effort failed. The majority of the ministers were not disposed to mix practical politics with their religion, and by their positive refusal to join in the scheme they virtually condemned Dr. Scudder and his method. I have never had any conversation with Dr. Scud- 