438 THE aSENNLTINEL OF LIBERTY. odist and Baptist and Presbyterian are. howling like famished wolves for the spoils of the. monasteries. * * * Not one of them a Catholic, not one of them a man in whose impartiality a Catholic can have im-plicit confidence. * * * Catholic interests in the islands which were until lately colonies of Spain have no defenders now but the Catholics of the United States. Let the full meaning of this fact be grasped by every Catholic here worthy' of the name. Let it.  be borne in mind how difficult it is to get any news of -a reliable character from those places on any subject, .and then it must be seen how little chance there is of the Catholics in Porto Rico and the Philippines at least of getting their voices heard or their wishes re-spected. We say nothing of Cuba, which is not alto-gether in our powerŠas yetŠlike these other terri-tories. If there were never a howl for confiscation from the disinterested (?) Christian sects, it would be -an imperative duty of the free Catholics here to come to the aid of the millions of their co-religionists thrust outside the palisade of the Constitution while deprived of the protection of the friendly government of Spain. They are groaning under the evil of taxation without representation. They are neither American citizens -nor Spanish colonials. They are tongue-tied and re-.duced to the position of the dumb animals without the benefit of a philanthropic society such as that which interposes between the quadruped brute and the biped brute. They cry to their fellow Catholics here to stand between them and an irrisistible power whose force is being utilized, and may be still more crushingly util-ized, for the purposes of a conscienceless and hypo-critical propaganda of bigotry. This is the most im-mediate subject of concern for American Catholics." It must be evident to everyone, that the govern-ment at Washington has some very difficult questions with which to deal in its recently acquired colonies. The treaty of peace with Spain provides that "the inhabitants of the territories over which Spain relin-,quishes or cedes her sovereignty shall be secured in -the free exercise of their religion." And again : "Judg--ments rendered either in civil suits between private in-'dividuals, or in criminal matters, before the date men--tioned [Aug. 12, 1898], and with respect to which -there is no recourse or right of review under Spanish law shall be deemed final." And yet, again : "The rights of property secured by copyrights and patents ac- ,quired by Spaniards in the island of Cuba, and in Porto Rico, the Philippines and other ceded territory, at the -time of the exchange of ratifications of this treaty, -shall continue to be respected." Much as justice may demand it, we do not see how, -under this treaty, there can be even any review of titles of property in the Philippine Islands ; to say -nothing of the expulsion of the friars and the confisca-tion of property held by them prior to, and at the time of the signing of the treaty of peace. It has been asserted that much of the property held by the friars was acquired something after the manner .of Ahab's acquisition of Naboth's vineyard (See 1 :Kings 21). "Whenever a man had a desirable pIanta- *on,,  they Would trump= lir some charge against him, have him arrested; and; without investigation, shot ; and the property was turned over to the monks." But this was done under color of law; and accord-ing to the treaty, which is "part of the supreme law of the land," there is now no recourse that did not exist under the Spanish regime. The fact is that by the war with Spain, and by the treaty of peace, the United States have been brought face to face with some very perplexing questions. We cto not impugn the motive of the Philippine Commis-sioners, nor of the representatives of the United States who framed the treaty, but we do seriously question whether, within the provisions of that treaty, substan-tial justice can be done as between friars and Fili- pinos. B. The State as the Protector of Liberty. (From "Religion and the State," by A. Hovey, D. D.) In the great natural right to liberty of action is included that of public worship, provided the same is peaceful and orderly. This indeed is the highest exer-cise of true liberty. Without it freedom is only a name, or, rather, it is a misnomer. If men may not obey their religious convictions in the worship of God, if the highest mandates of conscience may not be ex-pressed in action which does no violence to the rights,  of other men, it is useless to speak of liberty; for it does not exist. When, therefore, Christians of any name ask for protection in public worship, they seek for no espe-cial favor or distinction, but only for that which the state owes to all, whether Protestant or Papist, Jew or heathen. For all men are entitled to pay their homage without annoyance, in public or in private, to whatever being they please. In fact, every assembly of the people, called together for a purpose not crim-inal or seditious, must be protected from disturbance. A company of atheists, whether scientific or philo-sophical, has, in the eye of civil authorities, the same right to meet and proclaim unbelief, as any body of,  Christians has to meet for the service of God. For the state is not charged with the duty of ascertaining the true faith and supporting it, but with the duty of as-serting the equal freedom of all men to think and act for themselves in matters of religion while they pay due respect to the rights of one another. It is a sad' confession of weakness for any body of Christians to seek aid from the civil authorities in maintaining religion. It is a reproach to the Saviour, and to the agencies provided by him, when men call for the sword to turn the crowd in his favor. Let the friends of Christ be protected like other men in their natural rights, and trust to his grace and truth for the rest ! Then will they never be put to shame. 