THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 155 forced to pay. This is the one extreme. There is another monopoly, although not called a Trust, at the other extreme, which is as irresponsible, and consequently as despotic, as any Trust in ex-istence can be. Although not called a Trust, to all interests and purposes it is a Trust. Although, by those who compose it, it is not granted that it is a monopoly, yet a monopoly it is. Instead of calling this a Trust it is called a Union. Instead of a monopoly in certain lines of trade, it is a monopoly of labor. What we refer to is the trades-union. It is as really a Trust, and as certainly a monopoly, as any Trust or any monopoly that was ever formed. And, like any other monopoly, its greed grows by what it feeds upon. An instance in point (if any instance were needed to show what is palpable to all) will show that the action of the Union is identical with that of the Trust: In the fishing season of 1888 the Fisherman's Union in the Columbia River formed a combination so strong that no outside fisherman was allowed to enter the Columbia to fish. Then, having secured control of the river, they forced up the price of fish so that each fish- erman of the Union made from seven to ten dol-lars a day. The only difference between this and the Trust is in the amount seoured to the parties interested in the monopoly. More than this, the trades-union not only as-sumes the monopoly of work within the trades, it monopolizes the trades themselves. This combi-nation that is responsible to no law, presumes to make and enforce the law that nobody shall learn any trade without the consent of the Union; and that consent is granted only to a limited number. Under this "law" of the trades-union Trust a manufacturer cannot apprentice his own son, at his own trade, in his own shop, without the con-sent of the labor Trust. Some months since a young man wrote a letter to Mayor Hewitt, of New York City, asking to be directed to some place where he could learn some mechanical em-ployment. He said that he had applied to more than fifty employers to be received as an appren-tice, but could not find an entrance anywhere. The mayor replied, regretting that he could not give him a favorable answer, and said:Š " In this great city there ought to be abundant op-portunity for every young man to learn a trade. Under the regulations adopted by the various trades-unions, the number of apprentices is limited, so that there is growing up in our midst a large number of young men who cannot find access to any mechan-ical employment. This is a lamentable state of af-fairs, because these young men are turned loose upon the streets, and grow up in habits of idleness, result-ing in vice and crime. If this action of the trades societies in this matter really limited the competition for employment which they experience, it might be defended, at least upon selfish principles; but inas-much as foreign workmen are free to come to this country in unlimited numbers, the only effect of these regulations is to keep our own young men out of useful employment, which is freely open to those who are born and trained in foreign countries. The evil is of the most serious character, and I trust that this statement of it may lead to a reconsideration on the part of the various trades organizations who now restrict the right of employment without benefit to themselves, but to the great injury of the rising gen-eration." We seriously doubt whether this statement, or any other, will ever lead to any such reconsidera- tion as the mayor suggests. Monopolies never voluntarily loose their grip. Only lately some boys in Chicago made appli-cation to the Police Court to be sent to the Indus-trial School, or House of Correction, that they might become sufficiently acquainted with some  trade so as to enable them to follow some useful occupation. We are not informed whether their request was granted or not. But even if it were, we know that even this refuge is not long to be left them ; for the despotism of the labor Trust is controlling the State, and is already declaring that the trades shall not be followed to any ma-terial extent even in penal institutions, but that all criminals shall be supported in comparative idleness. The third week of last July, the Legislature of New York, in response to the "labor " agitators, enacted a law which provides that no manufact-uring machinery shall be used in any of the penal institutions of that State; that hand labor only shall be employed; that only such articles shall be made therein as can be used in the penal or public institutions of the State; and that none of the prison products shall" be sold to the pub-lic. And why is this? Because, it is said, ar-ticles manufactured in prison by convict labor and sold outside, come into competition with arti-cles manufactured outside by "free labor," thus lowering the prices of the outside articles, which tends to reduce wages and degrade "labor"! Is it necessary to point out to any man who thinks, the blind fallacy of such an argument ? Do these men not know that if the State is not allowed to make the convicts support themselves, they will have to be supported by taxation? And if the manufacturer has to pay increased taxes, wages will be lowered accordingly. But the labor monopoly may say, We will not allow him to lower the wages. Very well, he will then add to the price of his goods the extra tax which he pays to support idle convicts, and when the laboring man buys any manufactured article he will pay the tax. And if the merchant or the grocer has to pay an increased tax for the sup-port of convicts, he will add the amount to the price of his goods, and when the laboring man buys a piece of muslin, or a pound of coffee, he pays the tax which the State is compelled to levy to support the criminals, whom he himself has declared shall not be allowed to do enough to support themselves. The whole subject then re-solves itself into this simple question: Shall the convicts be made to do enough work to clear the expense which they cause, or shall the laboring man support them in idleness so that the proper dignity of labor may be maintained? Thus the labor monopoly forces the youth into idleness rather than to allow them to support themselves by honest trades. Through enforced idleness they are led into vice and crime, and by that into jails and penitentiaries; and even there the labor monopoly compels him to dwell in idle-ness. Therefore of all Trusts the labor Trust is the most heartless ; of all monopolies the labor monopoly is most wicked. To say that such or-ganizations are in the interests of labor, is a per-version of language. Their principal effect, if not their direct aim, is solely to promote idleness, with its inevitable consequences,Švice and crime. A. T. J. RELIGIOUS FREEDOM.ŠOne fatal mistake which has contributed to support the throne of Intolerance, is to suppose that people may be made religious by force; that torturing and mangling the body may benefit the soul. It ap-pears much more self-evident that if a man has not a religion of his own choice, he can have none at all. A man may be constrained to dissemble what lie really is, and to affect to be what he is not; but he cannot be compelled to be a servant of God.ŠSelected. Mr. Crafts against Facts. WE have before us a copy of the Vineland (N. J.) Evening Journal, of April 19, which con-tains a report of an address on the,Blair Sunday-Rest bill, delivered in that place by Doctor Crafts. From that report we make the following brief quotations; that we play compare them with the facts :Š " The Blair bill, said he, is not what its enemies would have it. Blair drew this bill for the Sabbath men the same as any lawyer would draw bills for any client. Blair has drawn bills for another sect who are opposed in some degree to the American Sabbath, or a day of rest. The two bills are put together by enemies of the Rest bill, and thus misrepresentations are made. When Blair drew the original bill he used his own language, and the bill read ' promote' Sabbath observance instead of ' protect.' Enemies took the word ' promote ' as an effort to get God in the Constitution and establish State religionsŠthat is, religions supported and maintained by the State. " The friends of the bill never had any desire to ' pro-mote' Sabbath observance, and therefore that word was stricken out and ' protect' inserted, and this was done immediately, but the enemy still delights in in-forming the people that `promote' is the word. Dr. Crafts gave a history of how the movement for Sab-bath observance first started, and denied, as has been charged, that the W. C. T. U. was at the head of the move. The movement was started, not as a religious measure at all, but because some people saw that it was necessary to have a day of rest for the health of the multitudes, and that in these days of soulless cor-porations and combinations, it was necessary that law should stand between the ' spoiler' and the em-ployes. When P. M. Arthur, the head of the Loco-motive Engineers, and T. V. Powderly, the head of the Knights of Labor, each representing thousands of signatures, signed the petition for this Sunday-Rest bill, it was plain that they saw a need of a day of rest for the workingmen. Now labor organizations are taking the matter up and will carry reform out. Un-derstand that ' religious observance' nor the ' word of God' are not mentioned in the bill, and are no part of it. The ' Rest bill' is for the benefit of the masses and the health of the people. The bill does not deny the right to work to any citizen in the United States, on any day of the week, provided that citizen does not engage in trade where there is competition, so that his neighbor is compelled to keep open his shop." We know nothing of a bill that Mr. Blair has drawn for a sect that is opposed to the American Sabbath or to a day of rest. Indeed, we do not know of any sect in the United States that is op-posed to a day of rest; but whatever other bills Mr. Blair may have drawn up, the enemies of the Sunday-Rest bill have not put together nor con-founded it with any other. All our strictures  have been made upon the Sunday-Rest bill, with-out any regard to any other bill. Further, Mr. Blair did not draw up the Sunday-Rest bill just as a lawyer would draw up any bill, but has shown himself intensely partisan in pushing the bill. In the notice which the April number of Our Day gives to the hearing on the Rest bill, we find this sentence: " We subjoin from its pages some of the dialogues between Senator Blair (who showed himself matchless in cross-questioning) and the opponents of the bill." This states the case exactly, as the reader of that hearing will see. Mr. Blair did act the part of a paid attorney, cross-questioning and arguing with the opponents of the bill, but assisting those that were praying for its passage. This may be set down as one in-stance where Mr. Crafts unfortunately differs with facts. Again, concerning the relative importance of the words "promote" and "protect." It is not true, as Mr. Crafts states, that " the enemy still delights in informing the people that 'promote' is the -word." It is a matter of fact that the bill 