THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 343 Liberty and license are opposites, always contend-ing against each other. License always interferes with somebody's liberty ; that is the very reason it is frowned upon by the laws of civilization. All people should have liberty, and therefore none should have license. It is not liberty that should be taken from the people, but the opportunity to do that which in-terferes with liberty in others, and this interference with liberty is the only reason there can be for its pro-hibition. Real liberty is not against itself, and to prohibit liberty in the name of liberty is an act contra-dicting itself. Liberty is a natural right. It is a self-evident truth that "all men are created equal," and "are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." Being thus a natural and God-given right, it manifestly does not need to be prohibited to secure God-given rights. The rights bestowed by the Creator are not in conflict with each other. Liberty is a law, and is therefore not against law, but against lawlessness. The highest lawŠthat of the Ruler of the universe, is denominated by Him the "law of liberty." What higher testimony than this could be given touching the sacredness of liberty, and its perfect harmony with all just law and right gov-ernment ? The preservation of personal liberty, not as a mere privilege existing by right of sufferance, and subject to the dictates of expediency, but as an inalienable right, granted not by government but by God, and of which no innocent person can ever justly be deprived, is es-sential to the preservation of this Republic. s. White Ribboners in Oshkosh. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union of Wisconsin held its twenty-seventh annual convention at Oshkosh, May 22 to 24, in the Algoma Street M. E. Church. The convention was called to order by the president, Mrs. Mary C. Upham, wife of ex-Governor W. P. Upham. The number of delegates was one hundred and twenty-six. The church was beautifully decorated with flags and banners ; five national colors were artistically arranged. A large picture of the late Frances E. Willard was in the front of the auditorium. Above the chancel were the letters in white, "W. C. T. U.," which were very large, and over them was neatly arranged in blue the word "Welcome." Several large white ribbon bows were neatly arranged. THE DEVOTIONAL EXERCISES. were conducted by Mrs. L. A. Hodge of Waunakee. The morning session consisted mainly of the seating  of the delegates in the order of the counties repre-sented, the roll call and the reading of a few reports. The first report read was that of the corresponding secretary, Mrs. W. A. Lawson of Baraboo. The re-port did not deal with statistics, but mainly with the BRIGHT PROSPECTS IN MEMBERSHIP and interest, and also contained several valuable rec-ommendations to the different unions in the state or-ganization. Mrs. Lawson called attention to the fact that the state W. C. T. U. had grown by the addition of between 70o and Soo new members during the past year, and also that thirteen new local unions had come into the organization during the same time. She rec-ommended that every union in the state be visited by some worker in the W. C. T. U. outside the state at least once a year to encourage and instruct. Mrs. Lawson further recommended that funds be secured for the use of the unions in bringing these outside speakers into the state. She mentioned that many of the unions in the state are doing work of reform and im-provement that is not outlined or prescribed in the plans of the organization. One of the most important of these, she mentioned, was THE CURFEW. The unions of the W. C. T. U. have pushed the enact-ment and enforcement of the curfew law in many parts of the state with success. Much charitable work has been done by the unions, pastors' salaries have been readjusted, reading rooms, libraries and traveling li-braries have been established; with the aid of the W. C. T. U. churches have been built and many other lines of reform and improvements have been started and aided by the state W. C. T. U. Mrs. G. I. Follett of Spencer, secretary of the LECTURE BUREAU OF THE WISCONSIN W. C. T. U. read a report of her work for the past eight months. There were four lecturers in the state, viz.: Mrs. Le-nora M. Lake, vice-president of the Catholic Total Abstinence Union of America ; Mrs. Clara C. Hoff-man, president of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union of Missouri and recording secretary of the Na-tional W. C. T. U. ; Miss Marie C. Brehm of Illinois, national superintendent of the Franchise Department and national lecturer, and Miss Della C. H. Cox, or-ganizer and lecturer for the Wisconsin W. C. T. U. Mrs. Follett mentioned that 326 lecture meetings had been held in the state in the past eight months ; 731 new members had been secured ; eighteen county con-ventions had been held and nineteen county institutes had been conducted. THE REPORT OF THE STATE TREASURER, Mrs. Ida M. Cooke of Green Bay, was replete with in-teresting figures. Her report for the year ending May 