198 A_ XII@ C N S_BIN-91711[1\1-11117,11LA. VoL. 9. No. 25. the dictates of his own conscience.ŠGeorge Washing-ton. Religion is not in the purview of human govern-ment. Religion is essentially distinct and exempt from its cognizance; a connection between them is in-jurious to both.ŠJames Madison. It is impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that pro-fess the Christian faith without creating a claim to infallibility, which would lead us back to the Church of Rome. . . . Distant. as it may be in its present form from the Inquisition, it differs from it only in degree. The one is the first step, the other is the last in the career of intolerance.ŠThomas Jefferson. Keep the Church and the State forever separate.ŠU. S. Grant. [The Constitution of the United States does not delegate to Congress any power] to inquire what part of time or whether any has been made holy by the Almighty. . . . If a solemn act of legislation shall in one point define the law of God, or point out to the citizen one religious duty, it may, with equal propriety, define every part of revelation and enforce every religious obligation even to the forms and cere-monies of worship.ŠU. S. Senate Report, 1830. Will the Protestant ministers in general wake up from their lethargy before it is too late, or will they continue to work hand in hand with the Protestant National Reform Association and with the Romans, to establish a national religion, . . . or will they, like true spiritual advisers, join the A. P. A. in the good work IŠA. P. A. tract, Read and Reflect, No. 2, revised edition, p. 11. Such is the simple, lucid, immortal platform of the A. P. A. Let us see to it, if we want to prevent a shameful defeat, that it be not perverted, and that every one who does not subscribe to it be re-garded and rejected as a foe, even if he be a " Protestant " minister. Now I can tell you who the foe is; our official platform has just named it, it is the National Reform Association, and with it, to the extent they hold the same principles, the American Sabbath Union, the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor, the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union, and, taken as bodies, almost every Protestant denomination in the land. Here is the proof of it. Read the plat-form of the National Reform Associa-tion. To secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the nation's allegi-ance to Jesus Christ, and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and so indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our Government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land.ŠArt. 2. National Reform Constitution. Our remedy for all these malefic influences is to have the Government simply set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it.ŠChristian Statesman, Jan. 13, 1887. Let those who will, remember the Sabbath clay to keep it holy from motives of love and obedience; the remnant must be made to do so through fear of law. Š Christian Nation, Sept. 1887. All this is sound Romanism and noth-ing else. Now read the platform of the American Sabbath Union-:-- The basis of this union is the divine authority and universal and perpetual obligation of the Sabbath, as . . . formulated in the fourth commandment of the moral law.ŠConstitution, Art. II. The American Sabbath Union, while recognizing the value of arguments for the Sabbath from expe-diency and physical health, still regards as its chief work the quickening of the Christian conscience upon the subject.ŠAnnual Meeting of 1888, resolution In view of the neglect to enforce Sunday laws . . . it has become an imperative necessity that Christians should insist that the officers of the law perform their duty.ŠResolution V. We indorse the petitions for the passage of a Na-tional Rest BillŠResolution VI. That also is raiik popery under a Prot-estant garb; enforcing by law an act of worship, a matter of conscience. Now read the platform of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union :Š The Woman's Christian Temperance Union, local, State, national, and world-wide, has one vital, or- ganic thought, one all-absorbing purpose, one underly-ing enthusiasm, and that is that Christ shall be this world's King. . . . The kingdom of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gateway of poli-tics. ŠConvention of 1887. A true theocracy is yet to come.ŠW. C. T. U. Monthly Reading for September 1886. This also is as un-American and fa-natical as it is antichristian and Jesuitical. Read now also the platform of the League for the Protection of American Institutions. The League for the Protection of Amer-ican Institutions (a veritable twin-sister of the A. P. A.) which is the originator and the promoter of the proposed Six-teenth Amendment to the Constitution, is another ingenious, hypocritical scheme to provide for the teaching of " the princi-ples of the Christian religion " in our public schools. The two leading organ-izers and champions James M. King, D.D., and John Jay, now deceased, both publicly committed themselves to the doc-trine of a State religion, and of enforcing by law "the Christianity of the Bible "(?). The Evangelical Alliance finally,, which is the representative, authoritative spokes-man for Protestantism all over the globe, a sort of Protestant Ecumenical Council, did, on the 15th of February 1889, through its representative, the same James M. King, D.D., commit itself publicly in favor of the Blair Amendment to the Con-stitution, providing for the teaching of " the principles of the Christian religion in the public schools." Such are the platforms of the so-called " Protestant " church and State leagues, and associations. Is there anything more un-American, more liberty destroying, more papal, and at the same time more plausible and deceitful in any of the Bulls of Gregory VII. or Innocent III.? And yet such are the satanic doctrines taught and diffused throughout the country by these excellent, pious,--many of them, Šand sincere, but exceedingly deceived, dis-torted, intolerant, and bigoted Protestant Romanists. Let me repeat that the A. P. A. plat-form squarely denounces all these subtle, would-be Christian methods of Roman-izing the country, when it warns " the Protestant ministers in general" against " working hand in hand with the Protes-tant National Reform Association and with the Romans, to establish a national religion," and when it says that " all sectarian and religious teaching therein [in the public schools] should be positively prohibited." That being the case, I lift a voice of warning and solemn protest against our accepting as square and fair A. P. A's any man who is in any way, shape, or manner connected with these malefic and mistaken religious orders or societies. I go further : I predict that, unless we stick to our platform and refuse to initiate any who do not intelligently subscribe to all its principles and renounce contrary prin-ciples, the A. P. A. will either die of woeful assassination, or else that a split will take place sooner or later, both of which alternatives are lamentable beyond expression, because our country, our lives, and our homes are at stake. And now, before I close, just a few words as to what has been done by the Protestant Church and State conspiracy toward creating an American Protestant papacy. They have succeeded in getting the United States Supreme Court to declare, February 29, 1892, that " Christianity is  the law of the land," that " this is a Chris-tian nation." And since that, the Catholic Church, in its Catholic Congress at the World's Fair, says this is a " Catholic Christian nation "! They have succeeded, after many de-feated attempts, in passing safely through Congress in 1892 also, the thin edge of the wedge, the infamous precedent of reli-gious legislationŠfor the first time since 1776Šunder the form of the Sunday clos-ing law about the World's Fair. The law was signed by Benjamin Harrison, Presi-dent of the United States of America, August 5, 1892 And since that the Catholic Church, through the organs of Archbishop Ireland and Cardinal Gibbons,boasts that "Church and State, have been united for its own benefit and preparatory to its coming triumph." This treason completed, the Constitution mutilated, Church and State united, lib-erty stabbed to the heart; Rev. J. D. Sands tell us that " the Church has weight with great political governing bodies," that "the United States Senate, the high-est body in the country, listened to the voice of religion and passed the World's Fair $5,000,000 appropriation bill with the church-instituted proviso;" and Rev. H. H. George, D.D. exclaims: " I have learned that we hold the United States Senate in our hands." " We can hold Congress in our hands, and wield this country just as we please." And now Romanism, beaming all over with an infernal grin, sees its way all cleared and paved toward the complete destruction of liberty and its own total supremacy for another thousand years of moral midnight. And who is it that indorsed and joined the American Sabbath Union and the National Reform Association in petition-ing Congress in 1892 for the passing of that pious and murderous bill on religion ? Listen : the Presbyterians, the Episcopa-lians, the Congregationalists, the Method-ists, the Baptists, the Disciples, the Second [Sunday-keeping] Adventists, etc. How did they do it ? Answer : Officially, in bodies, at their general meetings. More than all this, as Jefferson pre-dicted it, the machine of Church and State has again been put into operation. A Protestant Inquisition has been inaugu-rated. For the last few years, until this very day, honest, conscientious people, who keep Saturday and of course work on Sunday, have been on that account mo-lested, prosecuted, persecuted, fined, tyran-nized over, yes, imprisoned from thirty to sixty and ninety days; yea, more, marched in the chain-gang with highway robbers. Ask the jails of Arkansas, Tennessee, Georgia, Maryland and they will tell you. Read the documents published by the Na-tional Religious Liberty Association and you will see if it is not time to protect our American institutions against papal Prot-estants first, and against papal Romanists next, or rather against both all the time, and if it is not time to make sure that every A. P. A. is an enlightened patriot, and not a traitor, an imbecile, or a jewel of inconsistency, and a parody on common sense. Yours for a free America, and for a consistent and triumphant American Pro-tective Association. W. H. SEAMAN P. S.ŠThere is at this writing three Protestant religious bills before Congress : one for the recognition of God, Jesus 