NEWS, NOTES RAID COMMENT THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 377 Clergymen of the Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, and Disciple churches at Piqua, Ohio, have united in a demand upon the city officials of that place for an .enforcement of the Sunday law, which prohibits all Sunday work and recreation. A "championship" game of baseball which was to "have been played Sunday, June 1o, at Youngstown, O., was stopped by an injunction issued by a judge of that place at the instance of a portion of the church ,element. A decision in the case is expected shortly. A recent decision in a similar case in Michigan con-.clernned Sunday baseball on the ground of being a -disturbance, but intimated that in itself the game is a lawful form of amusement on any day of the week. A revivalist has just closed a series of meetings in Hamburg, Ia., with one result that a strong effort is being made to secure from the city council enactment of a Sunday closing ordinance. Of course like all other Sunday laws this one if secured will be "purely civil." It matters not that such laws enforce the observance of a religious institution, and that they are enacted in obedience to the demand of religious sentiment, they are themselves "civil ;" for don't you see, religious legislation in this country is unconstitutional, and it would never do to admit that Sunday laws are them-selves violative of constitutional law ? This is the rea-son and the only reason the "civil" dodge was ever invented. The Vulcan (Colo.) Times wants to know "by what constitutional right do states pass Sunday laws at the behest of a combination of preachers ?" There can be but one answer to this question : there is no such right. The Times truly says : "As far as -constitutional right is concerned, a man has a civil right to worship how and when he pleases, and to labor whenever it pleases him to do so." "But," continues the Times, "even in Colorado there is a law on the statute books which imposes a tine of fifty dollars for working on Sunday, and the .combined church element is at work manufacturing a -public sentiment that will enable them to enforce it, it being only a 'concealed weapon' at present. If the above element succeed, and they will, then farewell to the boasted religious liberty of America, and give greeting to the faggot and the dungeon." The recent torture of a negro in a Southern State to extort from him a confession of the crime for which so many of his race have paid the penalty of their lives, is startling in its significance. Torturing a sus-pected man with fire to compel him to confess is worse, if possible, than burning one known to be guilty. A confession extorted by torture could be of no possible value. It could not even ease in the slightest degree the consciences of those participating in securing it. Such lapses into savagery, are startling because they show by how slight a tenure we hold our most sacred rights. A writer for the Sabbath Recorder says in a recent number of that paper : "I think that it is quite gen-erally conceded that the Sunday desecration so much talked about and so much lamented, is due very largely to a loss of conviction in regard to the sacredness of the Sunday. I lament very much this spirit, not be-cause thereby the Sunday is desecrated, but because it indicates, as I fear, a general tendency to hold the Bible and religious beliefs lightly ; it indicates, as I have said, the want of a deep, strong conviction in reference to the religious life." It is certainly true in large measure that Sunday desecration is due "to loss of conviction in regard to Sunday sacredness." But this would not result in "a general tendency to hold the Bible and religious be-liefs lightly" were it not for the fact that in attempting to foist upon the world a false Sabbath, religious teach-ers have been compelled to discredit in a measure the Bible, which teaches something quite different. It is little wonder that when the ministers themselves tram-ple upon the Bible Sabbath, the people generally pay but little regard to the substitute. March 3, 1897, Congress enacted the following general law touching sectarian appropriations : "It is hereby declared to be the policy of the Gov-ernment of the United States to make no appropria-tion of money or property for the purpose of founding, maintaining, or aiding by payment for serv-ices, expenses, or otherwise, any church or religious denomination, or any institution or society which is under sectarian or ecclesiastical control; and it is hereby enacted that, from and after the 3oth day of June, 1898, no money appropriated for charitable pur-poses in the District of Columbia shall be paid to any church or religious denomination, or to any institution or society which is under sectarian or ecclesiastical control." 