700 AMERICAN SENTINEL. DR. PARKHURST, reformer, has written a letter on the political situation, in which he bitterly laments the un-expected subserviency of the Republican nominee for governor of the State, to the will of the Republican. "boss." There was, he says, a few weeks ago, a magnifi-cent opportunity for dealing "boss" politics in the State a crushing blow, which he and his fellow-reformers fondly expected would be improved to the full; but oh, a as! how sadly has their confidence been misplaced! The hero who should have nobly risen to the occasion and given a joyous realization to their hopes, suddenly and without warning went over to the camp of the enemyŠmade friends with the "boss"Šand they are left to lament over the dismal collapse of their expectations. * * * A YEAR ago, in the campaign for the mayorship of this city, a candidate was nominated who was not sub-servient to the "boss." He stood for independence in politics, so far as concerned the rule of the "machine." That candidate was the Hon. Seth Low, the well-known President of Columbia College. In character he had, by reputation at least, all the qualities that could be desired in a candidate by lovers of honesty and integrity. No candidate of more honorable character could have been selected; nor was he at all lacking in the intelligence and tact necessary for the successful conduct of the affairs of public office. So well qualified was he in all these things that his adherents believed he could upon the strength of them successfully defy the will of the party "boss." The election came, and he was defeated; and his defeat was solely due to his independence of the "machine." This was too plain to be denied. * * THE present Republican candidate for governor, Mr. Theodore Roosevelt, is likewise a man of excellent char-acter, and with a reputation for honesty and fearlessness in the execution of the duties of public office. As regards these qualifications, no better candidate could be se-lected. But Mr. Roosevelt decided not to stand upon a platform of independence of the "boss;" and in making this decision he undoubtedly had in mind the experience of president Low. From that experience be no doubt concluded that it would be very unsafe to risk his hopes of office upon any platform which antagonized the State "machine." He saw that there would be little if any hope of success without becoming the candidate of the "machine," and he acted accordingly. To succeed as the  candidate of the "boss," would be better than to fail as. the representative of antagonism to "boss" rule. This would not be an unnatural reflection to an individual in his position. AND in this history of these two candidates from which so much was hoped for by the adherents of reform in politics and in society, is plainly written the truth that no candidate can be found for a high office of public-trust in this State, who can succeed as such in opposi-tion to the will of the State political "boss." Where these two candidates have failed, it is useless to expect that any others can win success. * * AN individual who is never influenced in any action by religious scruples, makes this statement and explana-. Lion of his attitude towards politics:Š "I did not register and so shall not vote. I do not comprehend the issues of the campaign with that clear-ness which would qualify one to exercise the franchise with intelligence. If Croker wins, New York merchants and others will continue to be blackmailed by Tammany men, and state officials will not be in it. If Platt wins, New York City's tribute will go up the State and be stolen by another ring of politicians. Croker calls his system home rule. Platt's is hayseed rule. It is not a question which is the better, but which is the worse; and I don't know." And yet many persons who claim to know the trans-formation of the "new birth" and to be strangers and pilgrims in this world, engage with much zest in that which repels a self-respecting atheist. * * * A BILL has been introduced in the:Vermont legisla-ture, providing for free text-books in the Catholic schools of the State; requiring also, that school directors visit all schools and that teaching in the same be from pre-scribed text-books. It is wrong thus to invade the do-main of the private school, and equally wrong to pro-vide text-books for the same from the public funds. This bill is an example of the common effort to correct one wrong by committing another. * THE principal object of Emperor William's pageant to Jerusalem is said to have been the consecration of the Church of the Redeemer, which was accomplished with "impressive ceremony" on the last day of October. Inci-dentally howeverŠthough perhaps not so incidentally as it seemedŠthe emperor took occasion to show that a very friendly understanding exists between himself and the sultan. The sultan presented him with a piece of ground which tradition marked as having been the site of the abode of the Virgin Mary. And this the emperor in turn, through the pope, presented to the German Catholics. 