JUNE 27, 1895. A MI IE .II CA.N 203 him; and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation. It is very true, as the Lord had said, and as Nehemiah had reiterated, their place and nation did depend on the observance of the Sabbath; but they were now making it de-pend upon the observing of their false ideas of 'Sabbath-keeping. The council closed with these words from the lips of the high priest, Caiaphas :Š It is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not. The Real and the False Reason. Thus the Sabbath-breakers deliberately de-cided to kill the model Sabbath-keeper in order to save the nation from the judgments of God. And they killed him (but not openly) on the charge of Sabbath-breaking. To have charged him publicly with Sabbath-breaking would have necessitated a public acknowledg-ment that he had healed on the Sabbath day, and this would have necessitated a public eon-fession that he had power to work miracles, a fact which they were most desirous of con-cealing. Hence, they accused him before Pilate of 'being a civil offender,Š" We found this fellow perverting the nation, and forbid-ding to give tribute to Caesar, saying that he himself is Christ a king." This basely untrue and cruelly dishonest, civil charge availed, and the model Sabbath-keeper was murdered, by the Sabbath-breakers ostensibly as a civil offender; but in truth, as a religious offender. The model Sabbath-keeper submitted to be nailed to the cross, and to perish as a malefac-tor, but he persistently and faithfully refused to submit to the laws enforcing a false Sabbath, and thereby rescued the Sabbath of the Lord from beneath the traditions of men. The Parallels. Christ observed the Sabbath of the fourth commandment; so do Seventh-day Adventists. There is absolutely no scriptural authority for the traditional sabbath observance of the persecutors of Christ; neither is there any scriptural authority for the Sunday-sabbath of the persecutors of Seventh-day Adventists. The Sabbath observance of the Pharisees was man-made, and yet the salvation of the individual and the nation was made dependent upon it; it wastherefore the sign of their salva-tion, and that a salvation by human works. The Sunday-sabbath of to-day is a man-made in-stitution, and yet the salvation of the indi-vidual and the nation is made dependent upon its observance; it is therefore the sign of sal-vation by human works. Christ broke the laws enforcing the ob-servance of a sabbath made by man, in order that he might faithfully keep the Sabbath made for man; so do Seventh-day Adventists. Christ could not submit to the laws enacted to do honor to a rival sabbath without dis-honoring the true Sabbath; neither can Sev-enth-day Adventists. Christ, because of his faithfulness to the Sabbath, was called a Sabbath-breaker and accused of "perverting the nation." For their faithfulness to the same Sabbath, Seventh-day Adventists are called Sabbath-breakers, and accused of " corrupting public morals." Christ was crucified to save the nation from the judgments of God; Seventh-day Advent-ists are persecuted for the same reason. Christ was persecuted before a civil court, ostensibly as a civil offender, when in truth his offense lay in his religion. Seventh-day Adventists are persecuted before the courts ostensibly as civil offenders, when in reality their offense lies in their religious beliefs and practices. Christ was faithful in his Sabbath-keeping, even unto death; so have Seventh-day Advent- ists been, and the Lord of the Sabbath being their helper, so will they be. Again we ask, If Christ should come to Maryland or Tennessee, would he espouse the cause of the persecuting Sunday-keepers or the cause of the persecuted Sabbath-keepers ? Ł -4Ł- Ł PERSECUTION GONE MAD. BY W. H. MC KEE. THE Imprimerie Polyglotte, the pub-lishing house of the Seventh-day Adventists in Basel, Switzerland, has been closed because of the persistent prosecution, for its Sunday labor, met with from the authorities of Basel. The work of the house, in the publication of the literature of the denomination, will be divided and carried on outside the regu-lation of the factory law. To make this com-plete revolution in the carrying on of the business will cause considerable expense, much trouble, and some loss from the quantity of valuable machinery and material left idle. However, there is every certainty that this will result in a far wider distribution of the denominational work and literature than be-fore, and an increased production at cheaper rates. The handsomely situated and com-modious building, formerly occupied by the publishing business, will be remodeled within and used as a nurses' training school, and for the introduction and development here of the rapidly increasing medical mission work of the denomination. Such an outcome as this was, of course, unlooked for by those who brought the perse-cuting prosecutions. Yet it has been invari-ably and everywhere the result and will be no less so here than elsewhere. At the trial of the last case, brought on the 31st of May, the very day on which it had been previously de-cided to discontinue the business of the Im-primerie Polyglotte, the prosecuting attorney said in his summing up, " It is a satisfactory thing that, at last, '`the Seventh-day Advent-ists in Basel are broken up." Yet he had already acknowledged that they were a quiet, peaceable, respectable, honorable people. It was clear that he had nothing to bring against them except the fact that they believed that they ought to obey God rather than men, and practiced their belief. On the occasion in which Peter and the other apostles were called before the council and made that reply, " We ought to obey God rather than men," some very wise advice was given by a doctor of the law, which, though apparently forgotten, is still applicable,Š" If this work be of men, it will come to nought; but if it be of God, ye cannot overthrow it; " therefore he counselled that they leave them alone, " lest haply ye be found even to fight against God." The proceedings against the Basel publish-ing house, for its Sunday work, present as strange a legal medley as can probably be found upon the records of 'any modern court. According to the factory law, under which it was necessary to bring the prosecution, the manager of the establishment, alone, is re-sponsible. Therefore, the manager, Mr. Hol-ser, was fined and his household goods taken and sold to satisfy the fine. Again, he was fined two hundred francs, and imprisoned three weeks. The fine was not paid, and no goods were found to levy upon, all his personal effects having been taken to satisfy previous fines. When the authorities found that the fine could not be collected, they would have imprisoned Mr. Holser forty days more, in lieu of the fine, but, in the meantime he had gone to America to attend the biennial confer-ence of Seventh-day Adventists of the world, to which he had been called as a delegate. He .was then advertised as a bankrupt, accord- ing to legal form-. Upon his return to En-rope, Mr. Holser did not come into the juris-diction of the Basel court, but went to attend denominational meetings in northern Europe, to which he had been assigned. Apparently the limit of legal procedure in 'this line had been reached, and still the employ& of the Imprimerie Polyglotte continued to work peacefully and quietly six days in the week and rest upon the seventh. Also, in the meanwhile, the police had main-tained a careful and systematic supervision over the house, on Sundays, and all its outgoing and incoming. During the last week in May a summons was received at the office of the Imprimerie Polyglotte, which was then pre-paring to go out of business on the 31st of May. On reading the summons, it was found that the "congregation of Seventh-day Adventists" was summoned before the court. As the con-gregation has no legal personality, and no one was summoned personally, the law firm which has previously attended to the legal busi-ness of the Imprimerie Polyglotte was asked to appear in answer to the summons and so represent, and request a dismissal of the case on the ground that it had not been brought against any person or corporation having a legal individuality to be proceeded against in law. This was done and the fact made very clear to the court that the Seventh-day Ad-ventist Chtirch in Basel was not a corporate business body, and owned no property, and did no business,Šthat it paid rent for the as-sembly room which it used in the building formerly occupied by the Imprimerie Poly-glotte in its publishing business. But instead of dismissing the case, the court did about as strange a thing as can be found in the legal annals of our time. It fined " The Central European Conference of Seventh-day Advent-ists " five hundred francs, the limit of the law,Šand threatened a similar fine for every Sunday upon which labor should be continued in the publishing house. This fine .was de-creed against this other religious body, as the court said, in " contumaciam," which, of course, means for refusal or failure to appear before the court in answer to a summons. Note the remarkable inconsistency,Ša reli-gious body, not a definite person, was sum-moned, nevertheless an accredited' lawyer ap-peared, and there were present in court the pastor of the church and several members,Šthe court then fined another religious organ-ization, not mentioned in the summons, five hundred francs for not appearing. Neither the Seventh-day Adventist Church in Basel, nor the Central European Conference owns any property in Basel, or transacts any secular business anywhere, and yet the court fined " The Central European Conference," which it had not summoned, and which is a religious organization anyway, five hundred francs, and threatened to continue the multi-plication of the same fine weekly until work was stopped in the Imprimerie Polyglotte, the buildings and business of which is owned and managed by an incorporated business associa-tion having its headquarters in Battle Creek, Michigan. It scarcely seems possible that futility and inconsistency could have gone any farther. This ends all possible proceedings against the Seventh-day Adventist publishing house at Basel. The next step will ,be to prosecute the members of the church individually, under the cantonal law, whenever they are complained of as laboring on Sunday. This law is very strict, and yet admits of an interpretation which is a sufficient protection to the ordi-nary citizen from its severity. It remains to be seen how long it will be before it is put in operation against Seventh-day Adventists. Basel, Switzerland. 