- 260 SIENTIENT1I.A. Vol.,. 9. No. 33. the part of the Reformers, the new churches which they established in those countries that fell under their religious sway, became as abusive as the mother church had been before them. True it is that in a certain moral purityŠa certain inner clearness of the organizationŠthe new church was better than the old, but her practices were equally abusive, and her logic worseŠworse, because she could adduce, in justifica-tion of her conduct, no major premise which had not belonged to Rome for centuries. So when Protestant-ism, coming into the ascendancy in Germany, SwitzŁ erland and England, began to commit in the name of religion, the very crimes of which Catholicism had been guilty, and to justify them -by the same argu-ments, it was not wonderful that sarcastic Rome turned upon her rival a withering glance. After these clear cut reflections the histo-rian proceeds to outline briefly the events which followed the Diet of Augsburg, in which the true character of the Reforma-tion was seen. He continues :Š It will thus be seen that the Reformers of the six-teenth century, having once made the fatal mistake of taking up the very same major premise under which Rome had all the time been acting, namely, that in-dividual judgment, will and conscience might be prop-erly governed, controlled and coerced by church au-thority, rushed blindly and of necessity into the same abuses and crimes of which Rome had been so mon-strously guilty. And this came to pass simply because the Reformers did not get entirely out of Rome. Perhaps a complete and perfect emancipation from Roman principles in one or two generations was impossible. The Reformers could not see the logic of their elation to Roman Catholic princi-ples while their great central purpose was organic separation from her communion. Three and a half centuries have passed away and their descendants boasting of greater light fail to see the logic of their modern position on the principles of Rome while they vigorously(?) oppose her out-ward organization. Rome says the Church was constituted to rule the State. Prot-estants of Europe and America have all along said and still say the same. Proof ŠProtestant State churches of Europe and in America clamor for church power in politics and the government. Rome claims infallibility, so does Protestantism, by undertaking to establish her religion on " an undeniable legal basis in the fun-damental Jaw of the land." Rome forbids the Bible to the common people wherever it is possible for her to do so. Protes-tantism, by her higher criticism, sets the Bible at naught in the estimation of the people, and results are practically the same. Rome claims to rest her faith on the Bible and tradition. Protestants, in the great central thought of their religious practicesŠSunday observanceŠadmit that they have only the authority of the Church, and they take this charge from the mother church and swallowed it with-out a whimper (See "Rome's Challenge"). Rome claims the right to coerce the con-science to even correct it by punishments, yea, even to burn a soul to save it. Protestantism upholds Sunday laws, which fine and imprison men for not giv-ing allegiance to an institution 'which they consider to be an offspring of apostasy and an abomination to God and heaven. Note the manner in which Seventh-day Advent-ists and Seventh-day Baptists are treated wherever those old relics of the Dark Ages ŠSunday lawsŠare still upon our State statute books. These men cannot consci-entiously bow down to this pago-papal antichristian pseudo-Sabbath. But their Sunday-Protestant neighbors give them no credit for any conscience nor admit that they have any rights in this !natter any more than did religious bigots of the six-teenth century the dissenters of their time,  and so send them' to jail. How long before they will demand blood to atone for Sun-day desecration ? Where is the clear-minded man or woman who cannot see the logic of the present situation ? Those who are drunk with the wine of Babylon's false principles will not see but will repeat the history of the past, and thus fulfill the prophecy of God's Word. G. D. BALLOU. Gainsville, Ga. The Protestant Ministers Also. A GREAT deal has been said, and much of it justly said, about the arrogance of the Catholic priesthood in the matter of the expurgation from the public school text-books of certain matters of well au- thenticated history, which show up the papal church of the past in an unenviable light. Much has also been said, and justly said, in denunciation of the subserviency of certain boards of education (notably that of San Francisco), in yielding to the aforesaid demands of the Catholic clergy. One who has given utterance to the bitter-est words against Catholics and Catholic aggression is a leading Protestant minister of Stockton, Cal. And now come the Ministers' Union of that city, including that same bitter critic of Catholic arrogance, to present a demand to the school board of Stockton, involving the same principle as that of which such loud complaint has been made against the Catholics. It appears that the principal of the high school took occasion to deliver some lectures before his classes on the subject of "evolution," to which the min-isters, and-quite a good many other people for that matter, took exception ; and the Ministers' Union, in their ministerial capacity, formally protested. Ł If the said principal transcended his prerogative as a public school teacher in presenting before his classes, as such, mat- ter of a disputed character not included in the authorized curriculum of the school, the ministers, as citizens, had a legitimate right to protest, and protest earnestly. But that their protest should have any more Łweight because they are ministers, is sheer assumption. And that assumption is 'becoming more and more marked as the clergy, both Protestant and papal, assume authoritative functions in the promulga- tion of their doctrines. As evidence that the Ministers' Union of Stockton, deem their protest of superior importance on account of the ministerial position of the petitioners, we present one of the resolutions contained in said pro- test. It reads as follows :Š Resolved, That the school board be also requested by us as ministers not to employ as teachers in our public schools those who will knowingly and intentionally teach in the schools such things as they know to be directly opposed to the teachings of every pulpit in the city, and that without warrant or authority found in the course of study or curriculum adopted by the board, and also, in our estimation, contrary to the spirit of the laws governing the public schools. As before stated, there is no doubt of the right of the ministers, as citizens, to protest against the introduction in the schools of unauthorized matter; but when they protest against the teaching of any-thing merely for the reason that it is op-posed to that which is taught in their pulpits, then their position is as unwar-ranted and dangerous as that of the Cath-olic prelates who demand the expurgation of historical facts from the text-books be-cause such facts are opposed to the teach- ings of the Catholic pulpits. Whenever our Protestant brethren assume special prerogatives for the ministry or for the Church in secular affairs, they place them-selves on Catholic ground. Whenever they assume that the voice of the ministry should be heard above that of others in such matters, they mount the Catholic platform. The tendency of Protestantism to-day is strongly set that way. As it was in Great Britain in the sixteenth and seven-teenth centuries, the contest between Prot-testantism and Catholicism is not for purity of religion, but for political influ-ence. In those days when Catholic prestige was overcome, Protestantism assumed the prerogatives that the vanquished religion temporarily laid down, and vice versa. To-day, when Protestant ministers assail with bitter denunciations the presumptuous acts of Catholic authorities, we are apt to see them ambitious to wield the same power that they deny to the Catholics. If we are to have Church domination in secular affairs, it matters but little to the masses which Church is the dictator,Šit is bigoted oppression in either event. As the spirit of Church dictation in secular matters is the papal spirit, whether it proceed from a Protestant or Catholic professor, it will finally lead to papal victory. Much that is nominally Prot-testant to-day, under the growing Church-and-State spirit will shortly appear in its true papal character. The "deadly wound"of the papal "beast " is fast heal-ing, and it is being healed with the effec-tive salve of professed Protestantism, which is blinded with the delusion that there is spiritual power in numerical strength and political influence. W. N. GLENN. Oakland, Cal. Shame on Tennessee. IN an editorial paragraph in the Exam-iner of this week, you say : " We are fighting for the good old Baptist principle of complete separation of Church and State." Will you please state your posi-tion on our Sunday laws, which are at present causing outrageous persecution for conscience' sake in different parts of our country. One young man, a Mr. Capps, in Tennessee, only a few weeks ago, was taken from his family, a young wife and four small children, one of them sick at the time, living in the woods, at a dis-tance from any neighbor, and is serving a sentence of fifteen months in jail, for la-boring on Sunday after having kept the seventh day as sacred. That the origin, purpose, and sentiment that is now sup-porting our Sunday laws are wholly reli-gious, can be easily seen even by a careless observer. G. B. W. So writes one who, we infer, cannot have been a reader of the Examiner long, or he would be in no doubt regarding its position. In our issue of Feb. 15, we expressed our sentiments in no doubtful terms, in an article headed, " Shame on Maryland," regarding a similar case of persecution, A year or two ago such a case in Tennessee called forth an equally unmistakable declaration of our position. Set it down as a fundamental principle of the Examiner's that it is opposed to persecution of all kinds, everywhere. It is a Baptist newspaper, and Baptists have always protested, and always will protest, against persecution. It is religious perse- 