T H E ANAT---,nicAN sEN-rn\TET_,. 33 bath rest, "_sacred for worship." This is the plain evident meaning of the language. They will compel all classes to take a Sabbath rest, but they cannot have it for . rest "unless they keep it sacred for worship." Hence, they will compel all to keep a day "sacred for wor-ship." This is the inevitable logic of their position. They may, indeed, make a law to compel-all classes to rest from labor on a cer-tain: day, and they may make a law that all shall attend places of worship on that day. But, alas, they cannot make them worship. They may enforce some "form of godliness," but "the power thereof" is beyond human legislation. They may compel men to act the hypocrite, but they cannot compel them to.be devotional or worshipful. But we are fully aware that nothing is too wild for such theorists to attempt. National Reform Interpretations -of Scripture. As the leaders of the National Reform pro-pose to make themselves the interpreters of Scripture "on moral and civil, as well as on theological and ecclesiastical points," under the Government of 'the United States, it be-comes important to the American people to know somewhat about the National Reform manner and method of interpretation. As the people of this nation are asked to amend their Constitution so as to open the way for these men to make themselves the national interpreters of Scripture, the people ought to know what qualifications these self-nominated candidates possess for the high dignity to which their laboring souls aspire. That we may do our part toward enlightening the peo-ple on this subject, we propose, as far as pos-sible, to give examples of National Reform interpretations of Scripture. The Scriptures clearly enjoin the obligation of subjection to civil government, of obedience tocivil authorities: "To be subject to princi-palities and powers, to obey magistrates," and to, pray " for kings, and for all that are in au-,thority ; that we may lead a quiet and peace-able life." In Romans 13: 1-10 this duty is set forth at greater length than in any other one place in the Bible. The first verse reads thus: "Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God; .the powers that be are ordained of God." In the Christian Statesman, June 5,1884, there is quite an extended commentŠmore than a page Šupon this text, written by Rev. David Gregg -,the same who was lately installed as pastor of the Park Street Church, Boston. Mr. Gregg interprets this verse as follows "`The authorities that be are ordained of God:.'' 'There is no authority but of God.' Ł All authorities that are not of God and are not in allegiance to him are usurpers. This Łis a self-evident truth, i,. e., if it be a fact that there is no authority but of God.'"  There stands the plain declaration of the ,wora of God that "there is no power but of tod.?' At this Mr. Gregg gi7avely observes ibat all powers that are not of God are usurp-',Onitand that this is a self-evident truth, i. if it ;be a fact that there is no power but of  God. Well it certainly is a fact, for the word of God says it. Therefore, it being a fact that there is no power but of God, then how can there be any powers that are not of God? As the powers that be are ordained of God, and as there is no power but of God, it is impossi-ble that there can be any power but of God. Therefore Mr. Gregg's comment amounts to just this and no more: All powers that are not powers are usurpers. We think it alto-gether likely that that is "self-evident." But, more than this, the National Reformers will not admit that the powers that be are ordained of God. Although the Scripture says as plainly as language can say anything that "the powers that be are ordained of God;" and although the whole Bible bears out the plain truth and sense of the statement, the National Reformers." interpret " it to mean, the powers that ought to be are ordained of God. And as the National Reform power is what ought to be, it follows that National Re-form is ordained of God, and when it shall se-cure that power it will be exercised by a right absolutely divine. That such is the National Reform interpretation is shown by Dr. Gregg's own words. In telling what Paul was doing in writing the words of Romans 13 :1-10, he says :Š " He was giving us God's ideal of civil gov-ernment. He was holding up a picture of what civil government ought to be. He was teaching Christians what they should strive to make Governments." And again:Š The object was "to furnish then, as now, a standard by which to try existing Govern-ments. It gives us God's ideal of civil gov-ernment. If Governments conform to this divine ideal, then we are bound to recognize them as divine ordinances, and to give them conscientious support and homage, but if they do not, we are bound to inaugurate moral re-forms and revolutions which will conform them to God's ideal." By this, style of interpretation, therefore, we are to understand that when the Lord speaks of the powers that be, he means the powers "that ought to be." When the word of God directs every soul to be subject to the higher powers, it means that every soul shall erect a tribunal and sit in judgment upon those powers. When God directs that we shall not resist the power but shall be subject for con-science' sake, he, means that we "are bound to inaugurate revolutions." Where the Script-ure sets forth the duty to be law-abiding cit-izens, leading quiet and peaceable lives, the National Reform interpretation of it demands that men, Christians too, shall be revolution-ists, with their eyes constantly on the Govern-ment, weighing it in the National Reform balances, and watching for opportunities to inaugurate revolutions. In short, whereas the Scripture directs that men shall be Chris-tians and law-abiding citizens, the National Reform interpretation of the Scripture de-mands that they shall be scheming politicians and revolutionists. Now could any interpre-tation possibly be further from the truth of the Scripture, or more directly opposed to the text under consideration? But we are not surprised at it; indeed we do not see how it  could be 'otherwise, in view of the fact 'that the National Reform conception of the 'SaV= four of the world is that he is a "divine 'NE= titian." With such views of Christ, it would be impossible to hold any other views of the duty.of, the followers of Christ than such as are expressed in the above interpretations. A. T. J. 0- Ł The Powers that Be Are Ordained of God. WE stated above that the whole Bible bears out the plain truth and the obvious sense of the statement that "the powers that be are or-dained of God." We have not space to pre-sent all the texts that might be given in direct proof of it, but we shall give enough to show that Paul when he wrote this declaration was only doing as was his wont, reasoning out of the Scriptures. Everybody knows that Nebuchadnezzar was king of Babylon, and that he was a heathen. Yet God spake by his prophet directly i o Nebuchadnezzar, and said, -" Thou, 0 King, art a king of kings; for the God of Heaven hath given thee a kingdom, power, and strength, and glory. And wheresoever the children of men dwell, the beasts of the field and the fowls of the heaven hath he given into thine hand, and hath made thee ruler over them all." Dan. 2:37, 38. Through the prophet Jere-miah, the Lord sent yokes and bonds to the kingdoms of Edom, and Moab, and Ammon, and Tyre, and Sidon, by the messengers that came from these kings to Jerusalem, and with them also he sent this message: "Thus saith the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel: Thus shall ye say unto your masters; I have made the earth, the man and the beast that are upon the ground, by my great power and by my outstretched arm, and have given it unto whom it seemed meet unto me. And now have I given all these lands into the hand of Nebuchadnez-zar the king of Babylon, my servant; . . . and all nations shall serve him, and his son, and his son's son, until the very time of his land come; and then many nations and great kings shall serve themselves of him. And it shall come to pass, that the nation and king-dom which will not serve the same Nebuchad-nezzar the king of Babylon, and that will not put their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon;  that nation will I punish, saith the Lord, with the sword and with the famine, and with the pestilence, until I have consumed them by his hand." Jer. 27:4-8. Now as Nebuchadnezzar was a heathen, and as his kingdom was, a heathen kingdom, we can hardly think that even the National 'Re-formers would pronounce his authority to be exactly ." God's ideal of civil government." Yet there can.be no shadow of doubt that the power possessed by Nebuchadnezzar and exer-cised by him over all the kingdoms and peo-ples round about, was a power that was or-dained of God, for the word of God says so, and said so to him. In the time of Nebu-chadnezzar the power that was was ordained of God. Nor was it only in the time of Nebuchadnezzar. The word of the Lord by Jeremiah asserted not only that this power was, 