102 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Your dust is weak, little boy," said he; "here, take some of this black sand and mix with it; and here are some nice little sticks for you to play with." APPLICATION:- The N. W. C. T. U. and other'similar societies were using the scouring religion of Christ to cleanse rusty and spotted humanity. What could be more beautiful? But wily Satan ever on the alert says: "Oh, but your religion is too weak by itself I Here, take some of the black sand of politics and civil govern-ment and mix with it to make it strong I" And, one of these days many innocent and undesign-ing people will awaken to the fact that the little fiery match-stick of sectarian hate has touched the black and white powder of politics and religion: and there will burst the bomb of religious persecution that will cripple and scar many of their brethren for whom Christ died. A Test Case in Ohio Schools. BY ROY F. COTTRELL. FOR several weeks an intense interest has been taken in a religious educational controversy between the teachers and the school board of New Antioch, 'Ohio. The opening exercises conducted bYthe principal consisted in Scripture reading without comment, and prayer. The assistant required her pupils to commit and recite in concert the Lord's Prayer as found in their Third Reader. The Board of Education being agnostic in sentiment, opposed this action; and, as the teachers would not yield, the matter was laid before the Court of Common Pleas. There a decision was rendered in favor of the Board: but, as the majority in the district are in sympathy with the teachers, the case has been appealed to the Circuit Court, and its verdict is now awaited. In the interim the school building has been locked against the teachers. A weekly journal, in speaking of the bitter feeling caused by this "religious war," says: "It is simply ag-nosticism in the form of law vs. the Christian religion." But this conclusion neither logically nor rightfully fol-lows. The fact that one lifts his voice against any religious exercises in the public schools, however hrief or seemingly unimportant, does not place him in oppo-sition to the Christian religion. On the contrary, the principles of true Protestantism forbid all state institu-tions from holding or teaching anything that favors in the least degree, any form of religion, whether Christian or pagan. Our Saviour said, "Render therefore unto Cmsar the things which are Cmsar's; and unto God the things that are God's:" and in return Ceesar (the state) is to demand only those things which are within his sphere. ,Outside this, in all matters that embrace our duty to 'God, rights of conscience, belief, or practise, the state thas no sovereignty. But is not this "a Christian nation"? and is it not just that the majority should rule? It has been declared such by our highest judicial authority. Is not that sufficient? Let us see. Has Cmsar the power to make one individual a Christian? Has the highest earthly tribunal power to Christianize a nation? Never. God alone can change the hearp of man,'or proclaim a theo-cracy; and, until his Spirit operates and controls the individuals that make up our Government, it is not "a Christian nation." Let it be granted that 'the majority make a profes-sion; does this effect the principle involved?ŠNot at all. Given the right to favor a general form of religion and= the principle is surrendered; for, that which sanctions aŁ general form may with equal right sanction a particular form to the exclusion bf all others. No person is to sur-render his right to think and believe, and if a man has no faith in religion shall he becompelled to placehis chil-dren in a school where religious exercises areheld? And, more than this, shall his means be appropriated to support as system with which he has no sympathy?ŠCertainly not. "To compel a man to furnish contributions of money for the propagation of opinions which he disbelieves, is sinful and tyrannical." Justice is justice; right is right; and the slightest deviation from it is wrong. Dayton, Ohio. . "They Say and Do Not." BY B. W. MARSH. NEVER in the history of mankind has there been such a disposition to say one thing and do another as at the present time. The sayings of the people are as directly opposite to that which is actually being done as is possible for them to be. The history of nations could be made up of violated promises and unredeemed'  pledges, and the Scripture that "there is no truth, nor mercy, nor knowledge of God in the land," would in this strange time seem to meet the completeness of its fulfil-ment. The situation as summed up by the prophet and apostle is sufficiently startling to awaken anyone who cares to lay their words alongside present-day happen-ings. "Ever learning and never able to come to a knowledge of the truth," says the apostle, and the prophet adds, "In transgressing and lying against the Lord, and departing away from our God, speaking oppression and revolt, conceiving and uttering from the heart words of falsehood. And judgment is turned away backward, and justice standeth afar off; for truth is fallen in the street, and equity cannot enter." 1 Tim. 3: 7; Isa. 59 : 13, 14. The unfulfilled promises, and broken pledges lying at the gateway of nations are sufficient comment on 