THE A 1VInIRICA_N SENTINEL. 67 Amendment bill. See report of Resolution Com-mittee, in Daily Union Signal, October 24, 1888. Besides this, the American Sunday Union, which was organized to push the Sunday-Rest bill and similar measures, is in favor of it. In fact, where the Sunday-Rest bill would find one supporter, the Educational Amendment bill would probably find a dozen; because so many are carried away by the glittering promises in the last part of section two, that they cannot see the danger in the other part. While plucking the rose, they will be stung by the serpent, unless they are warned. Will not the reader of this join us in sounding the alarm? E. J. W. By What Power? DR. ADAM CLARKE lived at a time when he could see the evils of the Church controlling the State, as the people of God were still suffering from this terrible evil. In his note on Zech. 4: 6, "Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts," he says :Š " Not by might [of thy own], nor by power [au-thority from others], but by my Spirit 'Šthe provi-dence, authority, power, and energy of the Most High. In this way shall my church be raised and preserved. No secular arm, no human prudence, no earthly policy, no suits at law, shall ever be used for the founding, extension, and preservation of my church. " But the spirit of the world says, These are all means to which we must have recourse; otherwise the cause of God may be ruined.' Satan, thou liest 1" Dr. Clarke says it is the spirit of the world, or, which is the same thing, a worldly church, which seeks by the secular arm, and human prudence, and earthly policy, and suits at law, to preserve and extend the church. He calls this Satan, which is equivalent to say-ing that the people who work thus are controlled by the spirit of the devil. And when the Lord Jesus says, " My kingdom is not of this world," he practically shuts out all who seek to make his kingdom of this world. JOHN R. CALKINS. Army Chaplains. THE Christian Statesman of January 24 an-nounces that a bill is now before Congress, pro-viding for the increase of the corps of army chap-lains to one hundredŠthe number now allowed by law being only thirty-four. Instead of in-creasing the number to one hundred it ought to be reduced to none. The thirty-four chaplains in the army now are thirty-four too many. Army chaplains are supposed to be for the spiritual benefit of the soldiers. But they are no benefit at all, either spiritually or otherwise, to the soldiers. We know whereof we speak. We were in the regular army five years, and received a " most excellent" discharge. We have been in different garrisons where chaplains were stationed, and never in the whole five years did a chaplain visit the quarters where we were, or any of the men in the company to which we belonged ; unless, perhaps, in company with the officers at Sunday morning inspection. Never was there a visit made by a chaplain to the company in which we served, for any spiritual purpose, or for any purpose, in the due exercise of the duties which be is appointed to perform. The fact of the matter is, chaplains cannot work for the spiritual interests of the soldiers in the regular army. They rank as commissioned Ł officers, and are to be held, in the estimation of ,the men, with the same deference and military  respect that is due to the officers. He has an officer's uniform, an officer's insignia of rank, and whenever he appears the soldier has to strike an attitude of attention and salu' e as he would any other commissioned officer. Thus, the very position which he holds, ranking as an officer, places an in-surmountable barrier between him and the soldier. He cannot maintain the dignity of his rank and meet the common soldier upon the level where he is, and approach him upon that common level as every minister of the gospel must do with those whom he is to help spiritually. He cannot enter into the feelings, the wants, the trials, the temptations, the besetments of the common soldier, as one must do to be able to help spiritually, and as the minister of the gospel must do in the exercise of his office anywhere, with any person in the wide world. Jesus Christ set the example; he did not ap-pear in the glory, the dignity, the rank, and the insignia of his office which he bore as the King of eternity. He laid this aside ; he came amongst men, meeting humanity upon humanity's level. He, though divine, came in human form; made himself subject to all the temptations which hu-manity meets. This he did in order that he might be able to help those who are tempted. The great apostle to the Gentiles, following the way of his Master, became all things to all men, that by all means he might save some. To the weak he became as weak, that he might save them that are weak; to the tempted and tried, the same, that he might save them, and bring them to the knowledge of Him who was tempted and tried for their sakes, that he might deliver them from temp-tation and give them strength to overcome in time of trial. This is the divine method; it is the only method. The appointment of chaplaincies in the United States army, with the rank, the dignity, and the insignia of superior office, is contrary to the prin-ciple illustrated by Jesus Christ in his life, and taught in his Word, and frustrates the very pur-pose for which professedly they are appointed. The money that is spent, by the United States Government in paying chaplains could scarcely be spent in a way that would do the soldiers less good. We said once before in these columns, that unless the chaplains of the United States army whom we did not see while in the army, were vastly more efficient than those whom -we did see, all of them put together did not do the soldiers as much good in the five years we spent in the service, as would a single bag of white beans. In the nature of the case, as we have shown, it is impossible that they could benefit the men. They, having it devolved upon them to maintain the dignity and respect that is due to their rank, do not make any strenuous efforts to help the men. It is difficult to conceive how any man who has the Spirit of Christ, and who really has the burden to help the enlisted men of the army, could ever think of accepting such a position; because the acceptance of such a position becomes at once the greatest hindrance to his helping the men at all. We have said nothing upon the constitutional as-pect of the question; and it is certainly an open question as to whether the payment of chaplains from Government funds is constitutional. We have discussed the question wholly upon the merit of the case. The principle shows that in the circum-stances of their appointment, army chaplains cannot benefit the men; and practice shows not only that they do not, brat that they do not try. A. T. J. The Outlook in Pennsylvania. HAVING spent a few days at Harrisburg, Pa., the capital of the Keystone State, I am -happy to report that as far as I can judge from interviews with prominent men from different parts of the State, there will be found many true Ameri-can citizens who will raise their voices against any movement which, like the Blair bill, points towards a union of Church and State in our United States. I secured over 800 signatures to the petitions to Congress, in opposition to religious legislation, the most of which were of influential citizens of Harrisburg, and representative men from different parts of the State. In three hours I secured twenty-six yearly subscriptions for the AMERICAN SENTINEL, some subscribing for themselves and their friends. There does not seem to be any prospect of se-curing a repeal of the present stringent Sunday law, which was enacted away back in 1794, and still stands upon the statute books, at this session of the Legislature, although some amendments to it will doubtless be passed. Among them is one which was introduced last week in the House by Representative Shires, of Allegheny County. It provides that: It shall be lawful for any person duly qualified, under the provisions of the act to which this is a supplement, to carry on business as a retail druggist, pharmacist, or manager of a retail drug or chemical store, to carry on his busi-ness as such on every day in the year, either in person or through the services of a registered pharmacist as a qualified assistant. They are empowered to keep open their store, or stores, to attend to the business of compound-ing medicines and selling medicines, which shall be construed to mean anything contained in the dis-pensaries of the United States, or medicines pre-scribed by physicians, proprietary goods, surgical instruments and appliances, and such other ar-ticles as are legitimately connected with the transaction of such business. About 20,000 names have been received at our office from different parts of the State, sent in by those who have been and are still circulating the petitions to Congress. Among these are Congress-men (elect), State Senators, members of the House, judges, mayors, lawyers, and professional men of all classes. The local papers are noticing the subject in many places. . I quote the following from the Jamestown Sun of January 7:Š " Petitions are being signed (and none too soon) in this vicinity to be presented to both Houses of Con-gress for the purpose of checkmating the efforts of a fanatical crank named Blair, in the United States Senate, to so amend the Constitution as to fetter religious liberty. The majority of the people ot.  the United States do not, as yet, want to be compelled by force to receive their religion from the Govern-ment of the United States. They need no priests in politics. They want no union of Church and State. And yet, astounding as it may seem, 'tis said that 14,000,000 names have been sent to Wash- ington in favor of the Blair bill; a bill which threatens religious liberty in our Government, and which has passed two readings in the United States Senate." I might quote many other articles which have the true ring in them on this subject, but will not take the space. The outlook in Pennsylvania is encouraging. Men and women, regardless of party or sect, are assisting in the good work of distributing reading matter which will place the subject intelligently before those who will give it a careful considera- tion. L. C. CHADWICK. Williamsport, Pa., Feb. 18, 1889. 