100 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. about Christianity without teaching these very things. For Christianity may be summed up in a word as the way of sal-vation from sin, through Christ. Suppose now the State enters upon the work of giving this instruction to all children within its borders. What is it doing.?ŠIt is doing the very work for which the Church of Christ exists. Christ instituted a church here upon earth that it might be the light of the world, that it might spread abroad in the earth a knowl-edge of him and of his truth. This is all the church is for. Now when we have the entire Government doing this work in every school district, we have simply the State organizing itself into a universal church. That would be a State Church, a union of Church and State. Nothing less than this can be made of it. Again, the bill says "-the fundamental and non-sectarian principles of ChriStian-ity." By that is meant those principles which are not peculiar to any sect, but which all denominations can unite upon. Please consider the fundamental principles of Christianity, as we have referred to them, and see upon which Ł one all denominations are agreed. Christianity means the doctrine of Christ. Who is Christ ? Some say he is the divine Son of God, and others deny this. Some say that his work was vicarious, others that he simply lived and died.  as an example. There has been disagreement upon the very first principles of Christianity ever since the Church existed. So that if the public schools are to teach the principles of Christianity, they must teach principles that are held by some denominations and disbelieved by others. In his book, " Romanism versus the Public-School System," page 170, Dr. Daniel Dorchester says :Š lit is plain that if all classes are to use the public -school, there must be no specific religious instruction. It cannot be imparted consistently with the American systbm of government; if religious instruction is given, it will be almost certain to savor of some par-ticular sect.. The same thing is put more forcibly by the Honorable Stanley Matthews, in a speech in reference to the Bible in the schools of Cincinnati. Said he :Š The gentlemen on the other side say they limit the ;religious instruction demanded to what they call a "broad Christianity." I have already once or twice adverted to the term. I do not know that I understand it. If I do, it is a "broad" humbug. The Christian religion is not a vain and unmeaning generality. It is a definite and positive thing. It means something, ,or it means nothing. In my view it is a supernatural scheme of. redeniptionŠa revelation from God of his gracious purpose and plan of salvation to a race "dead in trespasses and sins," through the mediation and atonement of Jesus Christ, who, being God from eternity, became incarnate, and by his death upon the cross became a sacrifice for sin, made expiation for it, and, having risen from the grave, ascended into heaven, and there sitteth on the right hand of the Father to make intercession for his people. The whole character and value of such a religion consists Altogether in being, as it claims to be, a supernatural plan of salvation from sin. Otherwise it is irreme-dial. Strike out from the Bible the parts which dis-close, reveal, and teach that scheme, and the rest is insignificant. And any instruction or education in religion which does not teach the facts which consti-tute .that scheme, and which cannot be stated even, except as conveying dogma, is no instruction in the Christian religion whatever. This is the truth clearly and forcibly stated. If the principles of Christianity are to be taught at all, the whole must be taught. Christianity is a unit, and the whole of it is contained in the fundamental principles. If the State is going into the business of teaching this, then we ask, How will the work of the school-teacher differ from that of the Sunday-school teacher and the minister of the gospel ? And the only answer is that their work will be a little more comprehensive. They will be doing the work of the minister and the Sunday-school teacher, and, together with that, will be giving instruction in the sciences. So that, as we said before, for the public schools of the United States to teach the fundamental principles of Christianity would be to establish a State Church, to effect a union of Church and State in the most complete manner pos-sible. We have already shown that non-sectarian instruction in religion cannot be given. Such instruction will necessa-rily savor of some particular sect, as Dr. Dorchester says. And this, it is admitted, would be to effect a union of Church and State. Thus, in the book before referred to, on page 65, Dr. Dorchester, in refer-ring to an appropriation by the State of New York to certain Catholic schools, says:Š The people thus found themselves taxed for the support of sectarian education, the Roman Catholic faith being taught in the schools thus supported. The State and the Church were then virtually united. It is plainly evident that whatever way we consider this proposed amendment, it is really an amendment to effect a union -of Church and State. We have not in this article touched upon some of the per-nicious results that would necessarily grow out of the adoption of the amend-ment, except as the readers may infer for themselves some of the evils that would result from a Church and State union. In another article we shall show some of the wickedness that would follow its adoption. E. J. W. Recreation and Religion. A SCOTCH parish minister has been dis-cussing the rival claims of football and religious worship. He finds that some of the athletic youth in his congregation have been so wearied by their exertions at the football, matches on the Saturday, that they could not come out to church on Sunday morning. The remedy he pro-poses for this state of matters sounds very like revolution in Scotch religious ideas. He proposes that the football match should be postponed till the Sunday after-noon, and that his young people should have their worship first and their enjoy-ment afterwards. He defends his pro-posal by the observation that, etymolog-ically, religion and recreation mean the same thing. We are not so -sure about that, but the fact that such a suggestion  is made by a minister in Scotland proves that Scotland is moving forward perhaps, fast enough. Twenty-five years ago an-other Scotch minister was the subject of universal reprobation in Scotland because he suggested that a quiet walk on Sunday might be a good thing. Now we have football on Sunday recommended. Scotland is advancing.ŠLondon Daily Graphic. -0- Logic and Law. (Concluded.) CONGRESSMEN are here to crystallize into law the highest expression of the will of the people. The expression of the civilian will, must result in civil law. You are here to make civil law then, are you not ? Not moral law. Why can you not make moral law for the people ?ŠBecause you cannot exceed the powers which the peo-ple had to give you, who constituted you legislators. And as they had no power to make a rule of moral action, one for the other, or for themselves, therefore they had no authority to delegate such power to you. If, then, you cannot, in your own minds, and in the minds of the people, both in theory and in fact, divorce com-pletelyŠas utterly as though it had never existedŠthe religious idea from the con-cept Sunday, you have no right to legis-late upon the use of that day, as distin-guished from any other day, Those who are asking for the passage of this bill, are urging the members to com-mit themselves to an unconstitutional act. Sunday la.ws, and the whole line of re-ligious legislation which goes in the same category, are alien to the letter of Amer-ican fundamental law, and to the spirit of American institutions. They are a sur-vival of the Ł English Church Establish-ment, and should have existed, after the Declaration of Independence and the adop-tion of the Constitution, no more than the laws governing the control of livings, and the maintenance of the Church of Eng-land. They have rightly no more place in our statutes, than law for the regula-tion of the royal succession. But the legal and judicial indolence of bar and bench has permitted this alien brood an entrance into our statute books, through precedent and not principle. And the precedent can be relied upon, j.n every case, to prove its principle wrong. A clause of Article Fourteen, of the amendments to the Constitution, says, that " No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States ;" but, when ".legislating for the District of Columbia, Congress is bound by the prohi-bitions of the Constitution," and as other-wise expressed, it is the purpose of this Government to defend the personal rights and privileges of all its citizens, that, as the preamble states, the blessings of lib-erty may be secured to ourselves and to 