396 AMERICAN SENTINEL.  A Religious Test Called For. IN a sermon delivered by J. L. Albritton, D. D., of the M. E. Church, in the Auditorium in Butte, Montana, Sunday evening, May 28, to a large and appreciating audience, the speaker made the following significant ut-terances in defiance of the spirit and letter of the Consti-tution of the United States. The utterance was concern-ing emigration to the United States and the qualifica - tions for citizenship. You will see how a religious test is imposed in the reference made to "our churches and our Sunday schools," "our Sabbath services," etc. As reported in the Butte Miner, May 29, 1899, he said:Š "We will observe this day as Memorial Day by pledg-ing our eternal fealty to the principles they died for. The war of the great rebellion is over and there is little danger of there ever being another like that one, but there are other dangers ahead. We have vast territory, with soil to produce all we need. The earth is full of ore and fuel and precious metal. The atmosphere is charged with electricity. We have scholars and students, colleges and educators, capitalists and laborers, churches and preachers. The ocean is decked with sails, and vessels are sailing toward us. They are coming loaded with thousands and hundreds of thousands. What shall we do? Shall we let them come? Yes, if they seek a home but meet them where they land to take them to Bunker Hill, to Washington's monument and to Gettysburg. Tell them of Shiloh and Stone River and of the Wilder-ness. Tell them of Lincoln. Take them to where Grant sleeps. Tell them of our memorial services. Then show them our churches and our Sunday schools. Show them our Sabbath services. Show them our public school system. All these are blood-bought and precious. If they will accept these we will welcome them. If not, in the name of all our soldiers, living and dead, we will command them to go back. We will close Castle Garden and the Golden Gate. We can do it." C. T. SHAFFER. Butte, Mont., May 29, 1899. Different-Sized Contests, but the Same, Principle. OUR purpose is to draw a parallel between the pres-ence of God in the slugger's victory, as his father saw it, and the presence of God in the alleged putting of the Philippines into our hands, as some people believe. With all due regard to the people who believe in the over_ ruling presence of God in the affairs of nations, but who do not see him in a slugging match, we affirm that the size of the event does not alter the principle. It is quite as possible that our nation is sinning against God in using force upon the Filipinos as the slugger was in a brutal and degrading business when he knocked his op-ponent senseless. The fact of victory no more proves the approval of God in one case than it does in another. Had we first used brotherly love, had we first tried to strengthen such self-government as the Filipinos had  where, the treaty was drawn, had we been willing to spend as many lives and as many millions in defending them as we have spent in destroying them and in reduc-ing their pleasant homes to ashes, then we might have believed that we were acting on divine lines. But, on the face of it, there is no more divine love in our acts than in the blows whereby the champion pugilist knocked his opponent senseless. Belief in special favors is too often a mere superstition and is evidently so in this par-ticular case.ŠFitchburg Sentinel (Maine). Pointed Press Paragraphs. ONE of the revenges of history is now taking place in Bohemia. In the seventeenth century the Protestants of this country were virtually exterminated at the insti-gation of Rome. So horrible was the persecution and slaughter that the population was reduced from 3,000,-000 to 780,000 in twenty years. Now there is a great revulsion from Romanism. The history of the past is rising up in judgment. In two cities over 2,000 Catho-lics have united with the Protestant churches, and the movement is going on under energetic leaders. It is true there is a political impulse to the movement, but it is gathering power and may issue in something better.ŠCanadian Baptist. IT has been decided by the peace conference that no more dum-dum bullets shall be used in warfare. Now that it has gone thus far, why can't the peace conference go a little further and decide that no bullets of any kind shall be used hereafter?ŠChicago Times-Herald. As A result of the despatch of the new international commission to Samoa, King Mataafa has advised his followers to surrender their arms, and this advice has been immediately acted upon. Were the European mili-tary powers so ready to show their sincerity in the cause of peace as this half-civilized potentate, the end of the barbarism of war must soon appear in sight.ŠCatholic Standard and Times. THE czar insists that seizing Chinese territory to build railways is strictly in line with his disarmament policy. He disarmed the Chinese.ŠKansas City Times. FOR every missionary landed in Africa there, is landed 70,000 casks of rum, 10,000 casks of gin and fif-teen tons of gunpowder to help "civilize" and "Christian-ize" the dark continent.ŠChicago Times-Herald. JOHN BULL has one of those periodical fits of virtue whose transparent hypocrisy arouses the irony of the gods. Its present symptom is a rejection of the Sunday newspaper. What splendid Sabbatarian reverence! It is considered desecration of the Sunday to have news-papers vended on the streets and introduced into the 