AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 751 of dealing with semi-civilized folk and with savages is not just what you would call reassuring. I would rather be a Malay, subject to Spain, than be an American In-=dian, subject to the Indian Bureau. " So long as it is an understood thing that office is spoils, we may well pray to be delivered from the re-sponsibility of governing dependencies." The War of Principle.ŠNo. 9. "AT any rate, Aleck, the death of Christ had the ap-pearance of defeat. In the first place, Peter, one of his most zealous followers, denied him. In the second, Judas betrayed him; and in the third, all his disciples forsook him and fled. When his own disciples left him, it was little wonder that the priests and pharisees taunted him on the cross." "Yes. I grant you it did look like defeat. It had that appearance; but Satan and men both knew that it was victory. 'Himself he cannot save,' said the Phari-sees; but they felt in their hearts that he would save others, and that the Father into whose care he com-mitted his Spirit, would save him." "The appearance of defeat was a delusion; yet it did have the look of reality," said Cecil. "Indeed it did," replied Aleck. "So much so that his own disciples were thrown into consternation and de-spair." "How terribly they must have felt! What a disap-pointment when they confidently looked for his temporal sovereignty!" "There was one who saw through the delusion, Cecil." "Who was that, Aleck?" "The thief on the cross. In that awful hour of utter humiliation, and, as it looked, loss and despilr, his eyes saw Christ's future triumph and kingdom, and he cried; `Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy king-dom.'" "Why, Aleck, what sublime faith and superhuman intuition!" "So it was. But it is still the kind of faith and intui-tion that will bring to us the answer he received, 'Thou shalt be with me in paradise.' The true Christian's cause in every age has always looked in the eyes of the world as a losing cause; but the time of its greatest apparent defeat is the hour of its real triumph. Happy the soul who looks through faith's telescope, and sees, when earth fails, the eternal world, the everlasting kingdom." "Aleck, there's one thing that puzzles me all through the story of Christ. Why didn't he give the people an indubitable proof of his divinity?" "Why, Cecil, he did. What greater proof could be than his resurrection?" "But it was only known to his disciples. The Jews to this day believe that his followers came and stole his body, and spread the report that he had risen." "Where did that story originate?" "Well, I believe it originated with the priests and pharisees, who heard the story of the guards, and feared its influence on the people." "Yes, Cecil. That story itself is a proof of the weak-ness that comes from trusting in and depending on man. The guards knew Christ had risen, the priests knew it; but rather than sacrifice themselves, they sacrificed truth, because they feared the people. How much better to fear God! What upright manliness, what heroism, comes from utter reliance upon infinite power!" "Yes, Aleck! I begin to see the force of your princi-ple; but I also see that it means the utter casting away of self and self's interests. I see a new meaning in the words of Jesus, `If any man will come after, let him deny himself, take up his cross, and follow me.'" "Yes, Cecil, it means the casting away of self, surely; but it means more,Šit means the reception of divine power." "Why was it, Aleck, that Christ's disciples then did manifest the weakness they manifested? They had taken up their cross, and followed him, they had believed that he came forth from God." "Yes, they had been illuminated with the divine Spirit. When Peter said, 'Thou art the Son of God,' Christ had said, 'Flesh and blood bath not revealed it unto you; but my Father which is in heaven;' and yet this conviction that Christ was the Son of God, was not sufficient then, and is not to-day sufficient, to keep us true to the true principle." "Then what is, Aleck?" "Nothing short of the indwelling Spirit of God. The very strength of Christ's own manliness, must be in us,Š`Strengthened with all might by this Spirit in the inner man.' But come, Cecil, let us follow the history of the disciples after Christ's resurrection. When he meets the two on their way to Emmaus; how did he find them?" "Very sorrowful, unbelieving, and hopeless." "What did Christ do to revive their hope that he was the one who would redeem Israel?" "Let's see. He quoted from Moses and the prophets, showing that the experience Christ had passed through had been pretold, and proved his claim to the Messiah-ship." "True, Cecil. Then their hearts burned within them, and they became prepared for the after revelation of Christ at their table. Their unbelief in his resurrection was swept away. Finally the eleven believed he had risen. Then he showed himself alive, and proved his res-urrection by many infallible proofs, and at one time ap- 