 260 AMERICAN SENTINEL.  fence of the AMERICAN SENTINEL is to maintain the prin-ciples upon which the United States Government was originally founded, and in this, in the best possible way to preserve the integrity of the Government itself as it was originally founded, and as our fathers hoped it would forever remain. And now these men who have removed the very foundation stone of the noble edifice erected by our fathers; and who are now diligently and zealously en-gaged in remodeling the whole structure so as to make it altogether another government, modeled upon the principles of the church of Rome which our fathers hoped particularly that we should forever escape,Šthese men are they who charge us thus with "sedition," with "dis-respect for the flag," and with "turning away the hearts of citizens from the UnitedeStates Government "! It may not be amiss to give to our readers some of the specifications as samples of how this man "proves" against us his charge of "sedition." There are three specific counts upon which he does this. "First," he says that we "arouse discontent against the United States Government, disturb public tranquility, etc., by teaching that the Bible identifies this Govern-ment with pagan Rome." Every reader of the AMERICAN SENTINEL knows that this is altogether a mistake. No' such suggestion has ever been made by any Seventh-d ay Adventist. Our friend simply doesn't know what he is talking about. His " second " specification is that "they arouse dis-content against the United States Government, disturb public tranquility, etc., by teaching that the Bible identi-fies the United States Government with the papacy." This is another mistake just like the one before. It simply is not true. We have never identified the United States with the papacy. We have never even connected it with the papacy, except in the way that we have pointed out in this article: that is, through the mischievous working of the National Reform scheme of which this man himself is now a zealous champion,Šthis scheme by which they, adopting the principles of the papacy, sub-vert the true and Christian principles of the Government of the United States, and thus establish here a system of things in the exact image of the papacy. An image of a thing cannot be identified with the thing itself, except in its relations. This is the only way in which we have ever identified the United States Gov-ernment with the papacy. And that we are not in any wise amiss in this part of it, will be evident to every one who will read the following statement of fact concerning the National Reform combination in its different stages. August 31,1881, these National Reformers published in their official organ the following words :Š " This common interest [` of all religious people in the Sabbath 'ŠSunday] ought both to strengthen our determination to work, and our readiness to cooperate in every way with our Roman Catholic fellow-citiz0ns. We may be subjected to some rebuffs in our first proffers, and the time has not yet come when the Roman Church will consent to strike hands with other churchesŠas such; but the time has come to make repeated advances, and gladly to accept cooperation in any form in which they may be willing to exhibit it. It is one of the neces-sities of the situation." December 11, 1884, in their official organ, they pub-lished this :Š " Whenever they [the Roman Catholics] are willing to cooperate in resisting the progress of politicalatheism, we will gladly join hands with them." In his Encyclical of 1885, Pope Leo XIII. addressed to Catholics everywhere the following words :Š "We exhort all Catholics who would devote careful attention to public matters, to take an active part in all municipal affairs and elections, and to further the prin-ciples of the church in all public services, meetings and gatherings. All Catholics must make themselves felt as active elements in daily political life in the countries where they live. They must penetrate wherever possible in the administration of civil affairs; must constantly use their utmost vigilance and energy to prevent the usages of liberty from going beyond the limits fixed by God's law. All Catholics should do all in their power to cause the constitutions of States, and legislation, to be modeled in the principles of the true church. All Catholic writers and journalists should never lose for an instant from view, the above prescriptions. All Catholics should redouble their submission to authority, and unite their whole heart, soul, and body, and mind, in the defense of the church." In an official report of a conference of leading Na-tional Reformers held at Saratoga, N. Y., August 14-17, 1887, the following occurs :Š "REv. DR. PRICE of TennesseeŠ` wish to ask the secretary, Has any attempt ever been made by the Na-tional Reform Association to ascertain whether a con-census, or agreement, could be reached with our Roman Catholic fellow-citizens, whereby we may unite in support of the schools, as they do in Massachusetts?' " TnE SECRETARYŠ' I regret to say there has not-. . . But I recognize it as a wise and dutiful course on the part of all who are engaged in or who discuss the work of education, to make the effort to secure such an agreement.' "DR. PRICEŠ' I rise to move that the National Re-form Association be requested by this Conference to bring this matter to the attention of American educators and of Roman Catholic authorities, with a view to securing such a basis of agreement, if possible.' " The motion was seconded, and adopted. In Novem-ber, 1888, the then most prominent leader in the National Reform combination, by personal request, secured the cooperation of Cardinal Gibbons with them in urging upon Congress the enactment of a national law to "pro- mote" the observance of. Sunday "as a day of religious worship." November 12, 1889, at the Congress of Catholic lay- men of the United States, the following statement was made :Š " What we should seek is an en rapport with the Protestant Christians who desire to keep Sunday holy, 