318 A.M1E1Eti CA N  VoL. 10, No. 40. ice to society. Others regard them as really helps to the cause of Christ, instruments of building up his kingdomŠthat is, as a means of grace, for the kingdom of Christ consists in grace. In this sense I oppose them, because they are not appointed by Christ. Their true position is among the institutions of civil so-ciety. There I cordially recommend and en-courage them." Acting as a citizen, the great theologian recommended societies for moral ends, if they were useful to society, but acting as a preacher and presbyter, he could not recognize them at all, because they were not appointed by Christ as means of grace. Such means of grace instituted by man are very dangerous. To propose any other good to the sinner than Jesus Christ is very apt, if the sinner complies with the proposal, to re-sult in making the man a self-righteous mor-alist, and erecting between him and the Sav-iour the barrier of decency and self-complac-ency, than which perhaps none affords so great security to unbelief. The work of the Church is to bring men to Christ, and that, in no roundabout way of reform, but directly and immediately by faith in him, even though the sinner be a Philippian jailer, a Corinthian drunkard, or a persecuting Pharisee, or even a greater sinner than either. "IN THE INTERESTS OF LABOR AND MORALITY." [New York World, Oct. 1.] AMONG the criminals who stood before Magistrate Crane in the Jefferson Market Court yesterday [September 30], was Reuben Becker, who keeps a hosiery store at No. 122 Seventh Avenue. He pleaded guilty. Po-liceman Reilly, who was on the lookout for law breakers, found Reubens store open on Sunday and asked Reuben if he had a pair of stockings for lady's wear. A member of his family, he said, had hung her best Sunday stockings on the clothes line where they at-tracted the attention of a hungry goat. The goat had eaten them and the now stockingless lady could not go to church. Reuben sympathized with the unhappy lady and brought out a presentable pair of stockings, price 10 cents. Reilly bought them and arrested Reuben. " I thought I would be helping the cause of religion," Reuben pleaded in court. " I don't like to hold you, my good man," said the magistrate, " but it's the law, and I must. Fifty dollars bail for trial in General Sessions." A BLUE LAW " CASE IN POINT." [New York World, Sept. 30.] AUGUST MARKERT is a Brooklyn barber. He has a baby. He was going to have the baby christened yesterday. A neighbor came in and asked Markert to shave him. When Markert was half through the job a policeman came in and arrested him. The policeman permitted him, however, to finish the commission of his "crime," thereby making himself a party to it. Then he marched Markert off to court and the court broke up the christening party by sending the poor fellow to jail. But it did not send the policeman to jail as particeps criminis, as it should have done. If Markert had lived in New York or Sara-toga his act would have been lawful and laud-able. As he lived in Brooklyn it was what Mr. Roosevelt calls a " crime," and it is pun-ishable by both fine and imprisonment. That is to say, the " sanctity of the Amer-ican Sabbath" begins at midnight on Satur-day in Brooklyn and everywhere else in the State except New York City and Saratoga. In those two places the day does not become " sacred " so far as barbers are concerned till 1 P. m. But for all other purposes its sanc-tity is recognized from start to finish. THE CAUSE. BY FANNIE BOLTON. We look at the multitudes, we sum The aggregate, espouse The work that's large, and shun The feeble, struggling cause. The small minority we pass. We love the great success. We follow with the shouting mass, And coldly scorn the less. E'en in the minor throng we choose The leaders in the van. E'en in the little scheme abuse The unpretending man. We miss the humble and the meek, And draw toward the proud, And in the stranger town we seek For the footsteps of the crowd. This is the world's way, though we frown That heathen kill the weak. 0 we too on the poor press down And set aside the meek. We prove ourselves akin to those On whom we lay our blame, And coldly turning from men's woes We brand ourselves with shame. But heaven's way hath light divine To flood our darkness with. So high its thought o'er thine and mine, We cry, " God is no myth." That Light, that Life, that Love that shone In Jesus and his plan, Make heaven's cause embrace the lone And bless the humble man. "The Cause," we cry, who name his name; And yet allured by pride, Or missing of love's heavenly flame, We pass the other side, And leave the one poor wandering one Robbed, bruised beside the way, Indifferent that in one so lone Christ pleads our steps to stay. " The Cause " is that one wandering sheep Upon the hills astray. " The Cause" is he who sits to weep; This is Christ's cause today. And though the multitudes rush on, God looks for those who pause To lift the faint, to cheer the lone, And advocate his cause. DAWN IN RUSSIA. [The Examiner, Sept. 26.] UNDER this title the New York Tribune publishes a letter, presumably from a well-informed source, to the effect that the new Czar proposes for himself and for his country a policy in harmony with the spirit of the times. It is stated that the startling reac-tionary address which the young Czar deliv-ered last spring, in which he said, " The Russian throne is based upon the principle of autocracy," and in which he announced " the intention of maintaining this principle, un-impaired, as a heritage from his ancestors," was drawn up by Dournovo, the Minister of the Interior, and that it was very reluctantly delivered by the Czar, in deference to the entreaties of his mother, a very pronounced reactionist, and at the urgent demand of his ministers, enforced by their threats of resig-nation. He has now announced his intention of removing Dournovo from the office of the Minister of the Interior, and has requested  Pobiedonotzoff, Procurator of the Holy Synod of the Orthodox State Church, to confine himself to his duties in connection with the State Church, and to abstain from interfering with other religious sects, and with the ad-ministration of the government generally. Dournovo is said to be the enemy of consti-tutional government, and of anything like popular freedom. His successor, Sipgayine, was formerly governor-general of Courland, and was distinguished for his gentle and con-siderate treatment of the people. He is a man of liberal and progressive views, and his appointment is regarded as a pledge of the new Czar's inclinations toward a more liberal policy. If these statements be true, it is a matter for the utmost gratitude. No one can look without profound interest upon a nation in-cluding, perhaps, a hundred and twenty mil-lion souls; and every Christian may well lift his voice to God, asking that the days of ab-solutism and persecution may come to an end, and that religious and civil liberty may be enjoyed by all the citizens of the great Northern Empire. THIS IS A CATHOLIC OPINION. [The Western Watchman (Roman Catholic), Sept. 26.] BISHOP KEANE, of the University, was one of the speakers at the Law and Order meeting in Buffalo on the 18th, and spoke on Sunday observance. He expressed himself as heartily in favor of the legal enforcement of the Christian Sunday. Bishop Keane has been before the country for twenty years, and spoken on almost every subject that has occu-pied public attention during that time; and we can honestly aver that he has never failed in a single instance to choose the wrong side of his subject where there were two sides to choose from. Bishop Keane began making speeches when he was four years of age, and has been doing little else since. His infantile efforts were his best; they lacked much of the pomposity that characterized his subsequent efforts, but they far outstripped them in point and perspicuity. An institution of learning differs from a man of learning in one thing; its brains do not necessarily reside in its head. NOT AN ADVENTIST. [Cincinnati Times, Sept. 12.] WARDEN DYER, of the State convict mining camp at Tracey City, Tenn., has been dis-charged for embezzlement of State funds, as-sault on convicts and a variety of misdemean-ors. He was one of Governor Turney's pets, and though investigated a half-dozen different times by State commissions and legislative committees, he managed to get whitewashed each time and now goes scot free. Had he been a poor Adventist who attended church on Saturday and sawed stove-wood on Sunday, he would now be serving the sovereign State of Tennessee in a chain-gang. -0- Ł  " Civil, liberty is the proper end and object of authority, and cannot subsist without it. It is liberty to that only which is good, just and honest. This liberty you are to stand for with the hazard not only of your goods, but, if need be, of your lives. Whatsoever crosseth this is not authority, but a distemper thereof." Š Winthrop, 1645. 