346 VoL. 8, No. 44. as a. requirement precedent to graduation from its schools; or the compulsory sub-mission by private and parochial schools to a State supervision of the forms of theology which may there be taught. To ask this question, immediately after one that comprises all of which this is but a small part, either supposes that the person who is being questioned is so ignorant of the bearing of the question asked him, and the scope of his reply, as to render all his answers equally worthless, or else it proves that the questioner himself is ignorant of the fact, that he has asked a question which involves the whole of that of which the second query is but a part. Again it is asked of the candidate whether he believes it is " wise for con-troverted religious claims to be settled by political majorities." This is no different from asking a man,who has just expressed himself as unalterably opposed to the in-terference of the State in religion, whether he thought it within the proper sphere of congressional decree, to legislate that the first day of the week is the Sabbath which is designated as the seventh day in the commandment; or that the World's Fair must, in obedience to that legislative in-terpretation, be closed on Sunday. Does the National League for the Protection of American Institutions suppose in these questions that the candidates to whom they have been put are ignorant of the scope of the first question and of its constitutional amendment ? or, is the ignorance on the part of the league ? or, 'if it is not igno-rance, is it duplicity ? and does it intend only the separation of one church from the State and the joining with the State of such church or religion as the league favors ? Another question is .as to whether con-victs are guaranteed by the State constitu-tion "right of choice" in the religious instruction to be provided at the expense of the State. This does not ask whether it is proper for the State to undertake the religious instruction of convicts, but takes it for granted that it is part of the business of the State to do this, and then asks whether the convict has the right of choice as to the theology which the State should teach him. Here the league has fallen into its own trap,Šhas convicted itself without recourse. No more positive proof could be had than the simplicity of the unconsciousness of this acknowledg-ment, that the league itself is in favor of one instance, of the union of Church and State, in the religious instruction by the Government of all inmates of State insti-tutions. The league, therefore, of course, favors the State employment of chaplains in legislative bodies, and in the army and navy. Yet this is tie league which holds that the strict " principle of the separation of Church and State must be sacredly ob-served by the national and State govern-ments " ! There are several other incon-sistencies in remaining questions just as glaring, but this is sufficient. From this it is impossible to avoid the conclusion, either that the National League for the Preservation of American Institu-tions is ignorant of the first principles of the separation of Church and State which it thinks to espouse, or else it is utterly insincere, and only desires the separation from the State of that form of religion which it wishes to antagonize. Perhaps here is the solution of the problem of the unknown quantity, and the indefinite fac-tor, " other American institutions " is _found. W. H. M. Representative Religious Petitions Again in Congress. ON October 11, in the House of Repre-sentatives, a bill to amend the Chinese Exclusion Act, extending the time granted Chinamen, in this country for registration, for a period of six months after the bill should be passed, was called up, and re-sulted in considerable reference to reli-gious subjects. As an evidence of the progress and development of congressional and political religion, some paragraphs from the Record are worthy of note and are here reprinted. Upon the reading of the bill by the clerk of the House, Mr. McCreary arose and spoke; in the course of his address saying: I have in my hand a bundle of petitions sent by annual conferences of the Methodist Episcopal Church in the States of Ohio, Indiana, Nebraska, Michigan, Iowa, Kentucky, Illinois, Oregon and California, most of them asking for the repeal of the Geary act, and some asking for an extension of time for Chinese registration. These petitions rep-resent hundreds of ministers and hundreds of thousands of members. This brought up the question of repre-sentative petitions from ecclesiastical bod-ies and Mr. Geary, of California, in his speech immediately following, said :Š I have before me a petition which I want to read. To the Senate and House of Representatives, Washington, D. C.: The Des Moines Annual Conference of the Methodist Episco-pal Church, assembled at Audubon, Iowa, on the 13th day of September, 1893, composed of 225 ministers, representing 40,000 church members, respectfully petition your honorable body to immediately repeal the act passed on the 5th day of May, 1892, known as the Geary law. We make this earnest petition, first, on the ground of justice and fair dealing. By solemn treaty agreement, the.  Chinese now in the United States are entitled to the same treatment that is accorded to the citizens or subŁ jects of the most favored nation. The provision that they shall register and take out certificates to assure their con-tinued residence here, producing the testimony of a white wit-ness to their right to be here, requires of multitudes of them an impossibility, and yet subjects them to imprisonment and de-portation if they fail to comply with the requisition. This Ł requirement made of them alone, in contradistinction to all other foreigners in the country, is a palpable violation of the treaty. The second clause of the petition tells us that the Methodist Episcopal ChurchŠnot' the American Methodist Episcopal Church aloneŠhas some $400,  000 invested in China, and is also represented there by a number of missionaries. Petitions in form similar to this have been sent here from many of the religious conventions that have met this summer; petitions apparently pre-pared at the same place and issued from the same source. It did not matter whether the Methodists or the Baptists or the Episcopalians or the Presbyterians wished to petition, they all used the same blanks. There was about this a concert of action which was peculiarly suggestive. But the only purpose for which I refer to this petition is to show the charac-ter of the statements which have been circulated throughout the country, describing the effects and operation of this law. MR. MCCREARY of Kentucky. will my friend allow me to make a single statement at this point ? I hold in my handŠand it is justice to these people that I should refer to itŠone of these petitions from the members of the annual conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church of sixteen States in the Union. I will only read the indorsement of one of these petitions:Š Central Ohio Annual Conference, Methodist Episcopal Church; 200 ministers, representing 42,000 members ask for the repeal of the act of May 5, 1892, known as the Geary law. These petitions come from the conferences of sixteen States. MR. GEARY. Mr. Speaker, what right has any church or church body to pass judgment upon the action of any American legislative assembly, to give directions to it, or make demands such as this ? What right has any church in this land of ours, speaking from its pulpit or church door, to say to an American Congress, "you must do this," or "you must do that" ? I supposed that in this land of ours, the line was sharply drawn between Church and State; that each within its appropriate sphere must be supreme, but that the Church must never lay its hand on government, and the Govern-ment must never interfere with the Church. [Ap-plause.] Remember, I do not deny that every churchman in the land has the same right to peti-tion given -to every other citizen of this country, but he must petition as a citizen, standing upon his rights as such, and not invoke the powerful name of church behind him, [Applause.] The members  of the congregations as citizens have the same rights as other citizens; but the Church, as such, has no right to interfere in the political affairs of this Nation. If there is one thing more than another which all true Americans have approved the declaration of, it is that there must be no union of Church and State, and no invasion of the province of one by the other. This principle is as old as the foundation of the American Commonwealth. It has been the experience of men in the past, that whenever the Church has had the right of interference in matters of government human liberty has suffered from the union, and the men and women who settled on the shores of the Atlantic and laid the foundations of the Republic had experienced in the older lands from whence they came the evils and dangers of such commingling of affairs. They had experienced persecutions under religious governments, and it mattered not what the faith of that government was, the attendant results were always the same. Protestants could not forget the persecutions of the Huguenots by the Catholics, or Catholics forget the persecutions and sufferings of Catholics and Protestants at the hands of Protestants. All alike are simply evidence of the truth of the conclusion that human liberty suffers under the union, and that the government that will maintain human rights and insure freedom to all must be free from religious interference by any sect. Both Church and State have their appointed task in the improvement of human society ; each within its own sphere must be supreme. Let the Church perform its grand work in the improvement and the betterment of mankind, teaching the faith handed down by the fathers, bringing men in closer relationship with Divinity if it will; teaching the necessity for the application of truth and love in the affairs of the human race. Let it go abroad wherever it may; minister to the wants of the poor and the suffering: drive sorrow from the hearthstone, and ameliorate the condition of suf-fering humanity wherever it may find it. Let it, within its sphere, be absolute and supreme, per-mitting no interference by the government in its exercise of faith, but when it reaches the border-land that separates Church matters from temporal, there it must stop. The Church in this country has no right to criti-cise, condemn, or pass judgment upon the acts of an American legislative body, and is without the power to make demands that must be respected by this Government. This is the unwritten law of the land. There was a day in the world's history when priests and bishops could point their finger , and make rulers tremble, when the demands of Pope and cardinal were respected by governing bodies the world over, but that day, happily for the human race, is past, never to return. In this land such a power was never recognized, and there is no room here for religious associations claiming the right to interfere with the political affairs of the people. The Protestant churches in the United States under the leadership of misguided zealots have permitted themselves to make an exhibition of their desire to interfere in political matters that I know on sober reflection the great mass-  of the American Church will condemn, because I do not believe that it is their wish or intent to establish a precedent that may be used in the future to justify the interference of all other churches in the politi-cal affairs of this country, because if we concede the right of interference to a Protestant bishop or minister we must concede it to the Catholic Pope and bishop and priest, and I do not think that the great mass of the people of the United States, the masses of the Protestant churches especially, are willing to concede the right of papal interference with the political affairs of our people. What would they think and what would they do if to-morrow or the next day the learned archbishop of the Catholic Church for the State of New York should mount his pulpit, and denouncing an act of Congress, call on his people to use their political rights in behalf of the policy dictated by the church ; demand that they should insist on the repeal of a statute because it was hostile to the in-terests of the church or interfered with some reli-gious work that it was engaged in ? Why, from every Protestant pulpit in the land, from the lips of every American, would go up a condemnation of that interference on the part of the papal repre-sentatives, and we,would have the grim old specter of the Pope seeking to dominate this Government paraded through the land, and what an intensity of feeling would be exhibited by these same minis-ters at the apparent impudence of the Catholic clergymen seeking to do the very same thing that they have been doing from all their pulpits in the last few years. The Protestant Church must be consistent, or it must admit the exercise of this, to them, dangerous power by the papal church. I may offend some good people in these state-ments, but I am satisfied that I speak the wishes of the great mass of the American people of all 