THE AIVIE;TRICAN SENTINEL. 363 The Woman's Christian Temperance Union Convention in Boston. THE recent National and World's Con-vention of the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union in Tremont Temple, Bos-ton, was one of the most important and significant meetings of its kind ever held in any land, and marks an important era in the blending of religion and poli-tics, and in effect, if not in name, uniting Church and State in this country. Dele-gates were present from every State and Territory in the United States, except Alaska. Many countries of the Old World were also represented, including South Africa and Japan. When first organized the Woman's Christian Temperance Union was what its name implies, an association of Chris-tian women for Christian temperance work, and nobly was that work carried forward. But it is impossible to attend such a meeting as that in Tremont Temple without being impressed with the fact t hat this whilom noble army of women has forgotten its first love, and is openly seeking an alliance with the civil power similar to that which grew out of the great apostasy of the fourth century, and resulted in the establishment of the Papacy. The most prominent feature of the Woman's Christian Union as it exists to-day is political and not religious; for this reason, that, losing sight of the power of the religion of the Lord Jesus Christ, it is invoking the power of the State to effect reforms, which can never be accomplished in any such way or by any such means ; reforms and results which according to the word of God can be effected only by the operation of the divine Spirit upon the individual human heart. This fact stood out prominently in the Boston convention. Said Mrs. Mary Clement Leavitt, Honor-ary Life President of the World's Woman's Christian Temperance Union, " I beg of you to bring us women into the Govern-ment that we may bring in righteousness." The end sought is a noble one; the means proposed are ignoble and contrary to the gospel of Christ. Of the divine law the apostle says : " If there had been a law given which could have given life, verily righteousness should have been by the law. But the Scripture hath concluded all under sin, that the promise by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to them that believe." How idle then to talk of bring-, ing in righteousness by political action, when, even the divine law is too weak through the flesh to accomplish that re-sult. But this is the underlying thought of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, moral reform by legislative action. The convention of 1887, declared :Š The Woman's Christian Temperance Union, local, State, national and world-wide, has one vital, organic thought, one all absorbing purpose, one undying enthusiam, and that is that Christ shall be this world's king; yea verily this world's king  in its realm of cause and effect,Šking of its courts, its camps, its commerce,Šking of its colleges and cloisters,Šking of its customs and constitutions. . . . The kingdom of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics. The utterances at the Boston conven-tion were in perfect keeping with this declaration. In an address in Tremont Temple, on Sunday evening, November 15, Mrs. Leavitt declared that there were but two divinely ordained forms of gov-ernment, family government and a theoc-racy; and deplored the fact that since the time of the Jewish theocracy, a theocratic government had been maintained in only two countries, and only for a short time, namely, under Cromwell in England, and by the Puritans in Massachusetts. " The Colony of Massachusetts," she said, " was for a time governed by God." But she forgot to say that under that wicked gov-ernmentŠnot as she asserted, by God, but by bigoted and selfish men in the name of GodŠBaptists were whipped, Quakers banished, and inoffensive old women hanged as witches. But she did declare that " the law of God must be strengthened by human enactments," and that men must be made to obey it by adequate penalties. The student of his-tory knows what that means, it means that like the National Reform Associa-tion, the Woman's Christian Temperance Union is pledged to a movement that can result in nothing short of persecution for conscience sake. Further notice of this convention must be postponed until next week, when we hope to have before us the full text of the resolutions adopted, and of the several papers read and addresses made. C. P. B. A Peculiar Decision. THE New York Nation of August 20, 1891, contains an article reviewing a single point in the decision lately ren-dered in the case of R. M. King, the Ten-nessee Sabbatarian, who was convicted for committing a nuisance by plowing his field on Sunday. It is already well understood that King sued out a writ of habeas corpus upon the ground that there was no law in Tennessee to justify his conviction, and that he was therefore de-prived of his liberty without due process of law. The case was then brought be-fore Judge Hammond, of the Federal Court, who sustained the decision of the lower courts. In his written opinion Judge Hammond expressed the belief that the prisoner was wrongfully convicted, but said that the courts of the United States have no power to interfere in the matter, on the ground that they are not tribunals which may review and reverse convictions in the State courts even though such convictions may be illegal, through erroneous judgment, as to what the statute or the common law of a State may be. " If so," he says, " every  conviction in the State courts would be reversible in the Federal courts where errors of law could be assigned." The average mind, however, fails to see why that is a sufficient reason for the Federal courts not having such power. On the same ground, why may not the Su-preme Court throw off all responsibility concerning the decisions of the courts be-low it, and affirm that, even though a judge in one of them, through his ignorance of the law, or prejudice against a defendant, charges his jury in a prejudicial way and thus secures a conviction wrongfully, that there is no redress for the one thus wrongfully convicted ? Do these courts have no jurisdiction in such matters ? Can they not interfere that justice may be secured ? If the decision of a lower court is final, then why the need for the higher courts to exist ? Why may not the lower courts do the work now as-signed to the higher ? Judge Hammond decides that it is not possible for the judges of States to err in their knowledge of the common law; for he affirms that these judges are the de-positaries of the common law of their re-spective States, just as the statute book is the depository of the statute law. In other words, whatever version they may give of the common law establishes it, just as the statutes are established by the way they are expressed upon the statute book. He makes his decision upon this point plain by the following words : "When they [the judges] speak, the law is established, and none can gainsay it." If this be true, it is hard to see on what ground Judge Hammond should declare Mr. King " wrongfully convicted." For if when the judge in Tennessee, in whose court Mr. King was convicted, in rendering his decision pronounced as to what con-stituted common law, and thus established his utterances as law, then Mr. King was convicted by a law of Tennessee. But if, on the other hand, the decision of Judge Hammond regarding the infal-libility of the decisions of State judges is not sustained in fact, and that therefore there is no common law in Tennessee as was declared by the Court of that State, then Mr. King violated no law, and was therefore illegally convicted; "for where no law is, there is no transgression." Then what shall be said of the justice of the next higher court that renders a de-cision to sustain the lower courts in pun-ishing an innocent man ? Again, if any State judge has the power to establish any point he may ex-press, as law, simply because he says it is so, it follows that a law could be made to suit any case, at the time of its trial, and in any way that might suit the prejudice of the judge trying the case. But if this state of things is to be admitted, where is the voice of the people in the establish-ment of the laws under which they are to live, and by which they will be tried 