t ERICAN SENTINEL. 525 the additions to your list under the special offer, and could but wish that it might increase to 100,000. May the Lord bless the SENTINEL to the good of the people everywhere." The Last Call. bless humanity. Who would hesitate to lend a helping hand? We believe not one; and therefore we confidently expect that the next ten days will roll up a list exceeding what we have already received. Shall it not be so? Just Our Aim. IN accordance with the usual custom of the office, no paper will be issued next week, hence this is the last op-portunity we will have of speaking a word concerning our special offer before reaching the limit of its duration. To say that we have been gratified at the response fails to express our feelings; and more when we say that there seems to be no abatement of interest, but rather an in-crease. As we go to press, we are close to the three thousand mark of new subscriptions, and nearly all have been received in a little over two weeks.. WeŁ wish that the SENTINEL family could have an opportunity to glance over our daily mail, and note the sentiment pervading the letters containing subscriptions. Something of the interest manifested may be judged when the fact is known that nearly two hundred individ-uals have sent in clubs, some of them containing as high as thirty-five and forty names. One man in Montana forwards a list of thirty-six subscriptions as the result of two afternoons' effort among the business men of his town. An old lady over eighty years of age, who was an eye-witness of the thrilling scenes surrounding the mar-tyrdom of Elijah P. Lovejoy, and in whose breast beats as strongly as ever the the true principles of religious lib-erty, writes that she could not keep her room when she read our special offer, but felt impelled to go out and work in its behalf, and as the result forwards us a nice list of subscribers. We might multiply incidents of this character to almost any length, but it is not necessary. We simply mention them to emphasize the character of the constituency back of the SENTINEL. And now less than two weeks remain before our spe-cial offer closes. Will not those who have not, as yet, because of force of circumstances, done anything in its behalf, secure for the paper at least one new subscriber? Is this unreasonable? Is it asking more than we can expect? Jefferson in his day declared the time would come when the people would grow careless of their liberties. Will any one, alive to the events transpiring around us, deny that that time is now here? Certainly not; and it therefore behooves every lover of his country who prizes liberty of conscience to keep his eyes open and help to tell the people what all these things mean. So, under these circumstances, every effort made to circulate the AMERICAN SENTINEL is but a labor of love put forth to A WARM friend of the SENTINEL writes us from one of the western States saying, that in conversation with a member of the conference committee, it was thought feasible to recommend that the workers throughout the conference be invited to devote two or three hours each day for several days canvassing for subscriptions to the SENTINEL under its special offer. Is not this an idea worthy of consideration? Remember This. REMEMBER our special offer closes September 1st, and in order to secure its advantages our friends must not wait until that date before sending in their orders. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromising opposed to anything tending toward.a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press PublishIng Go. ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Association. Single Copy, Per Year, Six months, Three " - ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York.  MR. A. P. BRANAMAN, of LeRoy, Illinois, in remitting for a club of SENTINELS, says: "I am glad to tell you that the SENTINEL is gaining ground here. Wage the battle on the strongest foundation, which is the plain truth; give the people to understand the times in which we live, and what manner of men we ought to be." - $1.00. - .50. - .25. 