THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 69 they are working for, no evil results will fol-low. But we care not for names; the mere name of Church and State union can do no harm, but the thing itself can, by whatever name it is called. To show that we have reason for saying that we know that the National, Reform move-ment does deSign a practical union of Church and State, we re-quote the following specimen statements, made by prominent National Re-formers, and published in the official organs of that association :Š In the Christian Statesman, in March, 1884, Rev. J. W. Foster said, among other things: " According to the Scriptures, the State and its sphere exist for and to serve the purpose of the= church ;" and again he affirms that in Mile ideal National Reform State, "The ex-penses.-of the Church in carrying on her public, :aggressive work, it meets in whole or in part out of the public treasury." This means the _taxation of the people to support the church as n branch of the government. How a more - - complete union of Church and State could be made, we cannot imagine. And right in har-mony with Mr. Foster's statements, but far more explicit, is the following from the Chris-tian Nation, July 14, 1886 :Š " It is the duty of civil rulers, in subordi-nation to Christ, to recognize the, church, its ordinances, and its laws. It is not merely that the existence of such an organization is owned'and tolerated, but a statutory arrange-ment, confessing the divine origin of the church, and the divine obligation resting on the nation to accept its doctrine and order, and engaging to regulate their administration in conformity with its constitution and object." In the same article we read :Š " Civil rulers owe it to their supreme Lord and to society to encourage and to stimulate the church in its work of faith and labor of love,.and, when it may be necessary, to give ,pecuniary aid to its ministers, that the gospel may be preached in every part of their domin-ions, And to all classes without respect of per-sons." . And then the,  writer proceeds to say that :there would be no injustice, but that it would be, perfectly right, "to take public money to teach -principles, enforce laws, and introdi ce Customs to which many members of the com-munity are conscientiously opposed." That is, it is right according to the National Re-form idea of right, which idea seems to be that everything that the majority may do is right, if the majority chance to be National Reformers, and that the minority have no 'rights of any kind. These statements were not made in the heat of debate, but are part of a sermon written by Wm. SoMmerville, of Nova Scotia, and after his death edited from the original manuscript by Rev. R. M. Sommerville, of New,York, and then published in one of the organs Of the National Reform Association. So we must take them as the sentiments of that association. We -might multiply quotations to the same effect, from leading National Reformers,' but it is not necessary in this connection. If National Reformers do not believe in nor de-sire a union of Church and State, and if they  wish to set themselves right in this matter, they may publish in the columns of the SENTINEL a repudiation of these and other quotations which we have made from their leading men. So long as such sentiments are expressed, however, it is useless for them to say that they do not want a union of Church and State. 2. It does not necessarily follow that be-cause there are good and able men in the National Reform Association, and because the movement is indorsed by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, it cannot be dangerous. Our correspondent would evi-dently have us believe that a good or an hon-est man, or even a wise man, cannot be mis-taken or blinded by feeling or prejudice. We are perfectly willing to admit that very many (we cannot include all) National Reformers are sincere in their motives, and desire only good for the people of this country; but that by no means proves that they have chosen the true way to accomplish the good that they desire. Whether or not Miss Willard is a dangerous woman, depends upon how she uses her vast influence. If she uses it to help the majority to put a yoke upon the con-sciences of the minority, then she is danger-ous, no matter how upright her intentions may be. A little child is not a very danger-ous creature, nevertheless a match which it may ignite in its innocent play, may cause as great a conflagration as a match in the hands of a hardened incendiary. Honesty of pur-pose may secure to a person immunity from punishment for an imprudent act, but it can-not ward off the evil consequences of such an act. 3. When our friend says, " It is true that the National Reformers are opposed to the secular theory of government," he viritually admits that they do desire a union of Church and State. The opposite of the secular theory of government is the ecclesiastical theory, which National Reformers favor. So then his disclaimer amounts to this : National Re-formers do not desire a union of Church and State ; they simply want, an ecclesiastical gov-ernment. It is mere nonsense to say or to imply that what the National Reformers want is that " the civil law should protect the people in their right to rest on the Christian Sabbath,' and to worship God without molestation of others," for the civil law does that already. There is no law in the United. States that would compel a man to work on Sunday, or that would for a moment uphold any man or any set of men in attempting to force anyone to do so. More than this, the laws do protect all religious bodies in their right to worship God without molestation by others. If any relig-ious congregation in any city in the United States should be molested in their worship, whether on Sunday or any other day of the week, the intruder would be landed in jail as soon as a policeman could be summoned, and he would be very fortunate if he did not receive- the severest penalty. Our laws do at the present time protect all people in their worship; but they do not compel those who  have no religious convictions to conform to, the practice of those who do, and they will not do so until National Reform principles shall prevail. Again our friend says : " They all believe that the State should be the conservator of morals." " They" may believe it, but we do not. The person who thinks that the State can act as the conservator of morals , has either a supremely exalted idea of the power of the State, or an extremely low standard of morality, or else he has not really given the subject any careful thought. It will not be questioned but that the ten commandments contain the sum of all moral duties. Then if the State is the conservator of morals, it must see that every one of the ten commandments is obeyed by its citizens. As a matter of fact, however, the State can do nothing of the kind, no matter how virtuous its law-makers are, nor how just its judges. Let us consider an instance or two. The tenth commandment says, "Thou shalt not covet." Will any National Reformer claim that it is the duty of the State to keep a man from being covetous? or that it is within the province of the State to punish a man for covetousness? The thing is an impossibility. The State has no power, in the first place, even to determine whether or not a man is covetous. But covetousness is immoral; therefore in this respect the State cannot be a.conservator of morals. Again, the Bible tells'us that "covetousness is idolatry." Now while the State has the power, although not the right, to restrain men from falling down before images, it cannot prevent their being at heart the grossest kind of idolaters. And who shall say that in the eyes of the only Judge of morals, the ignorant image worshiper is more immoral than the scheming, covetous Pharisee? Take for instance those commandments in regard to which the State has a certain duty. The sixth commandment says, " Thou shalt not kill." It is the duty of the State to pre-vent murder as far as possible, by executing severe penalties upon those who take human life. But we are told in the Scriptures that he who gives way to unreasoning anger, or who secretly cherishes hatred and envy in his heart, is a murderer. With this, the State can do nothing. Is the man who takes the life of another in the heat of passion, and possibly after great provocation, any more immoral than the one who fOr days and perhaps years cherishes murder in his heart, perhaps long-ing for a chance to commit it, and only de-terred by lack of opportunity? 'Everybody will answer in the negative. Yet the State executes the first and pays no attention to the second. Why? Because the first has inter-fered with the rights of society, while the sec-ond, although probably more depraved, has injured no one but himself. The first has committed an uncivil act, which is also im-moral, and comes in collision with the civil law, which punishes him, not for his immor-ality, but for his uncivility; while the sec-ond, although basely immoral, has violated 