THE SENTINEL OF LIE3ERTY. 517 Prof. Herron is doubtless sincere, but he is fol- wholly to the Lord. To the mind of-the writer the lowing thei leading of a great and dangerous error. use of means is not inconsistent with trusting the Nor is he following it alone. s. Lord. Ł _ In the thirty-eighth of. Isaiah is recorded the case " DIVINE. HEALING " AND THE RIGHTS OF of Hezekiah's sickness and recovery. He was-healed CONSCIENCE._ by the Lord in answer to prayer, yet "Isaiah had said, Let them take a lump [cake] of figs, and lay it INDICTMENTS have been returned in Mansfield, for a plaister upon the boil, and he shall recover." Ohio, against five of the ringleaders in the recent , isa. 38: 21. anti-Dowie riots in that city. It will be greatly to But the idea of forcing 'any sort of treatment the credit, not only of Mansfield, but of Ohio as Upon anybody is repugnant to the spirit of freedom, well, if these cases are vigorously prosecuted. The not only in religion, but in civil things as well. Bet-1, Ohio Bill of Rights, after providing that "'no pref- ter that an occasional victim of a misguided faith erence shall be given by law to any religious society," die than that a whole people lose their inalienable adds, " nor shall any interference with' the rights of right to trust in the Lord or in physicians, as they conscience be permitted." themselves elect. There is something that, some It is true that the followers of Doctor Dowie, the people prize more highly even than life itself, and members of the "Christian Catholic Chnrch," for this that is the right to preserve "a conscience void of is their denominational name, not only believe in offence toward God."_ To this class we believe be- " divine healing," but they believe in no other heal- long many of the disciples of the doctrine of " di- ing; and herein lies, if not the sum, at least a large vine healing." They should be left free to work part of ther offending. But is not this their ab- out the problem of continued physical existence for splute right? themselves in their own way. B. Who has any right to say to au individual that he must employ a physician if he does not want to? Who has any right to dose any man with drugs WHY;  WE OPPOSE SUNDAY LEGISIaVrIPX.  against his will? It may be granted that under cer- WE oppose Sunday legislation because we oppose taro circumstances the community at large, the State Sabbath legislation. We oppose' the enforcement or the municipality, may interfere; but even in-such of any weekly day of rest. cases the interference- must be for the sake of the We oppose Sabbath legislation because the Sab- community, not to confer a benefit on an individual bath is a religious institution, in the 'observance of who is unwilling to receive it. which legal mandates can accomplish nothing, but In very many cases any forced treatment would be only " faith which worketh by love," as declared -in worse than none at all. If an individual believes in the Scriptures. prayer and does not believe in drugs, even though We oppose Sabbath legislation not because we clo- the drugs might otherwise be beneficial, it is more not want people to rest one day in seven, but because than doubtful if they would be of any service if Sabbath rest ought not to be and can not be secured poured down a protesting throat. by civil enactments. There have arisen from time to time eminent Ł We oppose Sabbath legislation not because we physicians who have openly declared that-drugs do have any sympathy with the, course _of greedy cor-more harm than good. Doubtlessi-thousands die an- porations or employers 'in "robbing_" the working nually who Might live were it not for the " medi- men of the day of rest, but because we oppose laws cines " which they take. Again, some are 'undoubt- which' rob -people of their right to work upon any-edly benefitted by intelligent medical treatment. day they may choose, and of their liberty to choose We belieye that on the whole physicians doo-much for themselves whether` they will keep the Sabbath good in every community, but it is due more largely or not. to the advice they, giye and the confidence they in- We oppose Sabbath legislation not because we do spire than to the drugs they administer. notzwant people to be free.  to. obey the dictates of Moreover a good many people make it a matter Ł conscience in regard to Sabbath rest, but because we of conscience to employ no physicians, blit to trust 'want them to obey the dictates of conscience rather 