 ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT; FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD."  Vol. 11, No. 44. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 5, 1896. Entered at the N. Y. Post-Office,     american Sentinel, Published Weekly in Defense of Religious Liberty. larTor Further Particulars and Terms see Last Page. EDITOR, C. P. SOLLMAN. ASST. EDITOR,   L. A. SMITH. MEANING OF THE "CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP" MOVEMENT. AT the late international Christian Endea-vor convention held in Washington, D. C., Rev. William Rader, of San Francisco, voic-ing the sentiment of the convention, said:Š Taking an interest in politics does not mean that the minister of the gospel should bring politics into the pulpit, but it does mean that he should take his pulpit,fnto politics. It does not mean= that She should -bring politics into church, but it does mean most emphatically that the Church should be translated into political power. Unfortunately, this language did not ex-press merely the private opinion of the speaker. It did not announce a doctrine which he felt called upon to apologize for or to sustain by argument. It was but a state-ment before the convention of the "Christian Citizenship" idea, to which the "Christian Endeavor" movement stood already com-mitted. This doctrine of the church in politics has been heard before, in the councils of the "National Reform" movement, and has al-ready borne fruit in State and national legis- lation. The significance of the situation to-day lies in the fact that the banner of "National Reform" is now borne aloft at the head of a vast army which represents the working strength of nearly all the churches combined. The "little leaven" has leavened the whole lump. The "Christian Citizen-ship" movement is not confined by denomi-national limits. All the leading Protestant bodies have contributed to its ranks, and are represented there by the very flower of their membership. Fired by the enthusiasm of youth, but guided by the counsels of ma-ture years, this vast organized expression of outward Christian union stands girt for the conflict with the "enemies of Christ," and the cry of its leaders is, On to Washing-ton. That Congress will be besieged the coming winter by this "Christian Citizenship" host  in the interests of religious legislation, there is not the slightest room to doubt. And worst of all, there is grave reason to doubt whether the outcome will be other than cap-itulation. The World's Fair Sunday legisla-tion of 1892 furnishes a precedent for conclu-sions upon this point. The advocates and exponents of the "Chris-tian Citizenship" movement seek to quiet any possible public apprehension concerning its character and aims, by the statement that it seeks no union of Church and State, and does not mean the introduction of politics into the church. But upon these points they are able to draw distinctions where there is no practi-cal difference. We are plainly told, however, that the "Christian Citizenship" movement does em-phatically mean that "the Church is to be translated into political power." There is, it is true, some difference between this result and the introduction of politics into the Church, but it is rather technical than prac-tical. The Church, as represented by this organization, does not mean to become the ally of any political party; but it is her in-tention to become a political party herself. Were the Church to become merely a polit-ical ally it would be bad enough, but nothing could be worse than political domination by the Church in the interests of no party but herself. What the Church seeks to-day is religious legislation. To secure this she will fill polit-ical offices with candidates of her own choos-ing. Those whom she does not elect she will intimidate with threats of political opposi-tion. She will dictate the vote of her adhe-rents. And thus will she stand "translated into political power." That is what the phrase means, and that is the meaning of political organization within the Church. When the Church shall express her will through a political platform, control the vote of her adherents, and cast that vote for men of her own selection, she will be in every practi-cal sense a political party. Politics will have become one branch of her Christianity. It is denied, of course, that the Church will engage in politics as a Church. But whether as a church or not, it will be as a religious body, politically organized for religious pur-poses. It matters not that no distinctively denominational vote is contemplated, or that  there is no intention to array one religious body against another by any denominational alliance with a 'secular power. The essence of Church and State union consists in the exercise of civil power for religious purposes, without reference to differences of religious Ł belief. The evil of such union lies not in a discrimination in favor of one denomination against others, but in the damage which re-sults to all parties from the administration of religion through civil force. The union of religion with the civil power must be through the Church, and must mean a union of Church and State if it means anything at all. Human power cannot become an ally of Christianity. The power must be of God. The gospel is "the power of God unto salva-tion to every one that believeth." Rom. 1: 16. Apostate "Christianity" has always al-lied the power of man with tradition, which is the word of man. The power of God, on the other hand, is inseparable from God's word. The power of man will not unite with the Word of God, or the power of God with the word of man. Tradition seeks an alli-ance with human (the civil) power, because it would otherwise be entirely powerless. A religion which seeks alliance with human power cannot be Christianity, however high its claims, or however numerous its adherents. It may retain the forms of Christianity, but it is shorn of the divine power, which alone can give spiritual life. This counterfeit, which possesses no life-giving and soul-satis-fying power, is palmed off upon the people, and the result is spiritual darkness and death. This is the real and gigantic evil in a union of Church and State. We are now told that "the Church is to be translated into political power," and we are surrounded by the most convincing evidences that the statement is true. The translation is in full progress before our eyes. The Church is stretching forth her hand to grasp the power which she sees almost within her reach. And for what purpose does she want this political power? It is for the purpose, as she tells us, of ushering in the kingdom of God. Political power is wielded for the purpose of shaping legislation. The Church, therefore, through the "Christian Citizen-ship" movement, seeks for translation into political power in order that she may control 