366 THE A.IVIERICA.N SENTINEL. angel will appear to tell us ; now is the: time, up and change your tactics!" We are= bidden to read the signs of the times. Some of the German churches being emp-tied of young people ought to be sign suf-ficient that the time has come. Therefore we believe that English Lutheran congre-gations should be established wherever an opportunity offers. If we will not do so II0'07 the opportunity may be past by the time we are ready to act. Difficulties ? Cer-tainly the work is difficult, but so is all work worthy the effort of an honest man and a Chriatian. We cannot' say that it is impossible, for we have not yet made an earliest and vigorous effort. We ought not to complain of small success, because, be-ing new in the work we naturally make many mistakes. But then the Lord has not promised us brilliant success, nor any cer-tain degree of success ; but has said that his word, if preached faithfully shall not remain without fruits, and that ought to be sufficient for us. Some will fear the danger that English Lutheran congregations will swerve from the standard of true Lutheranism. If this hitherto has sometimes happened, it is not to be wondered at. For they were exposed more than the German congregations to the influence of the sects around them, while they had but few truly Lutheran books and papers. But this ought not to discourage us, but rather act as an incentive to vigor-ous exertions in order that we may make the writings of the fathers of our church accessible to English speaking people. And when that has once been accomplished, doubt not that there will be as good En-glish Lutheranism as there ever Was in any other language. The work may not be exactly such as we would choose were a choice left open. But it is thrust upon us, and seeing that it is,. as all admit, either an English Lu-theran Church or no Lutheran Church at all in this country, shall we any longer rest content with weak, half-hearted, ten-tative efforts ? Will we continue to allow ourselves to be pushed and forced by dire necessity and by the force of circum-stances ? In several cases the opportunity was just slipping away from us before we were aroused. Already, in. several places we are too lateŠnot too late to do-, any, good, but too late for the greatest measure of good. When the most favorable oppor-tunity had passed then we arrived upon the - scene. Too late! May it never be the fate of the Lutheran Church, nor of any section of it, to say of the performance of her dutiesŠtoo late ! "_WHEREVER religion organized in any church has sought or consented to receive any alliance with the civil power, it has corrupted her purity and shorn her of her strength, and it will be so till the end of time." 242,frerICla'q.".14  RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe In temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit- ting to its authority: We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his con- science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government that we and our fellow-citizens may'enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 225 A ST., N. g., WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. C. ELDRIDGE, - - W. H. McKEE,  "Songs of Freedom." IN the recent call for poems designed for use in "Songs of Freedom," the time was limited to November 10; but as cir-cumstances render the publication of the book impossible before the latter part Ł of January, the time is extended to December 10, before which date all competing poems- must be received. J. 0. CORLISS. THE News-Banner, of Troy, Tennessee, in its issue of November 6, publishes the following item:Š Robert M. King, the Seventh-day Adventist, who was tried in the circuit court, and sentenced-to pay a seventy-five dollar fine for working on Sunday, and who appealed to the State Supreme Court, and had the decision affirmed, is in trouble. Lawyer Richardson, of Dyersburg, is going to appeal the case to the Supreme Court of the United States, and has telegraphed to get Don. M. Dickin-son, Post-master General under the Cleveland ad-ministration, to take charge of the case. The time has come when King must pay the seventy-five dollar fine or go to jail. He says that it is religious persecution, and that he will 'go to jail before he will-pay one cent. King is now in charge of Sheriff Jackson, awaiting -the result of Colonel Richardson's efforts towards securing an appeal' Mr. King Writes a very interesting per-sonal letter ,from the (Non Connty, Jail, at Troy, narrating his experiences in con-finement, his opportunities for conversa-tion on Biblical, truth, etc. He says of those who have him in charge, "I am treated just as kindly,. by the jailer as possibly could be expected," and mentions unexpected courtesies shown him by oth-ers. While in jail he has been "interviewed" by a representative of the county paper, and this is his crisp -account. of the con-versation :Š The editor of the News-Banner came down yes-terday, and I had- quite a talk with him— He asked me if the Judge wonld turn me out would I go home and ontit work on Sunday? I told him that I could not promise that. I told 'him that I thought that I had a God-giVen right to work six days if I chose to do so. He also asked me if .I would leave  the State if the Governor would pardon me? I told him, No, sir I inthe United States of America, during the last decade of the nineteenth century, a man, without known fault as a Christian and a citizen, is fined and imprisoned be-cause in his devout simplicity, he reads in his Bible the commandment of God, " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God, in it thou shalt do no work," etc., and acts accordingly. Is it possible to imagine a more ludicrous travesty on justice, true religion, and common sense ? W. H. M. The National Reform Association. THERE is no doubt that there is a class of people in America whose aim is to subvert our American institutions. This class are now working,  in Idaho for the purpose of establishing a theocracy. The green-eyed monster has fastened its covetous eyes upon our infantile commonwealth, and as an entering wedge it proposes to introduce a Sunday bill into our Legislature. We have just been divorced from one church that demands of its adherents implicit obedience in matters both tem-poral and spiritual, and thank God and our worthy politicians, that we are free. Let not our Legislature be deceived. The National Reform Association is a foe to our form of Government. Article II of their Constitution reads as follows':Š The object of this society shall be to maintain exist-ing Christian features in the American Government; to promote needed reforms in the action of the Gov-ernment touching the Sabbath, the institution of the family, the religious element in education, the oath, and public morality as affected by the liquor traffic and other kindred evils; and to secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the Nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Chris-tian religion, and so indicate that this is a Christian Nation, and place all the. Christian laws, institutions and usages on an undeniably legal basis in the fun-damental law of the land. Let these principles prevail and our Gov-ernment becomes a theocracy. There is in reality no such thing as a union of Church . and State ; both claim to be su-preme, and they.both shoUld be supreme, but in their own realm. Let the Church dictate secular matters and the bloody scenes pf, the Dark Ages will be re-enacted. Men and women would be imprisoned for conscience' sake. The history of Church rule is a history of bloodshed, a history of persecution. Men and women were burned at the stake.  for their belief. It was the Church -that burned John Rogers at' the stake, cut out Quaker's tongues, drowned witches, burned Servetus, condemned Joan of Arc, delivered her to the British sol-diers to suffer death, then washed its hypocritical hands in innocency. If the Church would follow Christ, let it attend to its spiritual,.,  affairs and let the State manage the temporal matters.ŠIdaho World. - - President. Secretary. 