Fruit Biscuits, white flour, sweetened, whole wheat flour, " Lemon Cream Biscuits Graham " not sweetened sweetened not sweetened Leavened Unleavened Whole Wheat Crackers 64 Gluten "A"  "B"  "A"  "B"  "A"  "B"  "A" Oatmeal 44  Graham Crackers Oatmeal " White THE AMP:RICAN SENTINEL,. 23 from the rural districts has been installed as Wishart's successor. " If the Sunday papers are pressed too hard they may retaliate by instigating prosecutions against the Monday morning papers, a large portion of their labor being performed on Sunday. Several alder-men in this city have reaped a harvest by law-and-order prosecutions, and now the State, through its local agent, is investigating the disposition of the moneys received for fines." THE progress of the development of the ideas of governmental paternalism in the Old World, is quite rapid. Emperor William of Germany has projected a grand cathedral, at Berlin, to cost $2,500,000, to be the tabernacle of the State religion. Having thus provided for the distribution of spiritual food of the prescribed quality to his subjects, the " im-perial cooking school " is to be established from which to direct their material diet. In Switzerland, the government has assumed control of the bank-ing system, and proposes to nationalize the water power. Thus it is that the process of papal devel oprnent goes on in all the different interests of life, both spiritual and material. FRANCIS HOPE, writing from Hull, England, of the condition of the churches in that country, de-scribes the methods Of carrying out the prevailing idea that the people must be amused, and says: " The great idea is to keep the congregation good-tempered and jolly, and to have a good time. It is the incumbent duty of the preacher to amuse them and make them laugh, by uttering ridiculous say-ings, in which, as a matter of course, truth is too often sacrificed for wit. It is a pitiful sight to see a man standing in the sacred desk and playing for a laugh as truly and laboriously as any clown in a circus. Yet it is these very people who are most anxious to enforce the old Sunday law of Charles II." DESPATCHES from Washington say, "The trouble between Indian Commissioner Morgan and the au-thorities of the Roman Catholic Church has been amicably adjusted, without injury to the dignity of either party. Archbishop Ireland, of St. Paul, has been the principal representative of the Church in bringing about this solution of a difficult problem. . . The Church has taken a step forward In its willingness to relinquish its strict sectarian dis-cipline, but at the same time it has lost nothing; for there has been established a heartier co-operation than ever existed between the Catholic schools and the Government." This is quite in line with the statement, which, it will be remembered, Senator Dawes made in the Senate that the Roman Catholic Church, and other denominations as well, had obtained a hold upon the Government in the matter of the Indian schools which it was impossible to shake off. Ł  Ł THE New York Observer has this among its book-notices: " The Two Republics ; or Rome and the United States of America,' by Alonzo T. Jones, is a treatise prepared with much care and logical ability, to contrast the principles of the government of the two republics with regard to the place of religion. The principle of Rome in all its phases is that reli-gion and Government are inseparable, while the principle of the United States is that religion is essentially distinct and totally separate from civil government, and exempt from its cognizance. The influence of Christianity in antagonizing Rome's governmental principle, as stated, is admirably illustrated, and in a lucid and convincing way the author also shows how much Christianity had to do in establishing and developing in the United States the separating of religious and civil government. The book will well repay diligent study. Battle Creek, Michigan; Chicago, Illinois, Review and bier ld Fablialling company, THE STORY OF JESUS. BY MRS. G. N. MORTON. A successful attempt to adapt the life of Christ to the comprehension of children of four years old and under. The charm of the story and the simplicity of the telling make this one of the very best, books that can be given to a child.ŠNew York Observer. 12mo, 316 pages, cloth, printed in colors, $1.00. ATTRACTIVE TRUTHS IN LESSON AND STORY. A series of Outline lessons with illustrative stories and Scripture verses for the use of those who are inexperienced in teaching the young. It is suitable for use in childrens' meetings and for home teaching. Cloth, $1.25. SMITH'S Dictionary of the Bible. " Worker's Edition." Com-prising its antiquities, Biog-raphy, geography and nat-ural history. Edited by Wm. Smith, LL. D. This work contains every name in the Bible respecting which anything can be said ; over 500 engravings, and is a complete guide to the pro-nunciation and signification of scriptural names; the solution of difficulties of, interpretation, author-ity and harmony; also a history and description of Biblical customs, manners, events, places, persons, animals, plants, minerals, etc., and comprises a most complete encyclopedia of Biblical information. WE manufacture a choice line of these goods, entirely free from lard and all adulterations, at the following prices:Š Carbon Cereola, a prepared grain food, in bulk prepared from wheat " " Pure Gluten, in packages Wheat " " Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains only, a very choice and healthful drink, in one and half lb. packages These goods are put up in boxes, at the following prices, being 25 cents below the list prices:Š Fruit Biscuits, A and B, 31 lbs., per box Oatmeal " 30 " " " Graham " 26 "  Lemon Cream Biscuits, 26 "  Any of the above Crackers, quoted at 10 cents per lb.. 38 lbs., per box, Cereal Coffee, 25 packages The foods are all thoroughly cooked and ready for use by the addition of fluid. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kennan went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most, in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, because no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE A DICTIONARY, And Alphabetical Index TO THE BIBLE. Cloth, $1.25. Sheep, $2.50. CHURCH AND STATEŠBy Philip Schaff, D. D. This book discusses that part of the Constitution of the United States which pro-tects us against the despotism of a State Church, and guarantees to us the free exer-cise and enjoyment of religion, as an inher-ent, inviolable and inalienable right of every man. Price $1.50. JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of Erro-mangaŠBy Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. BISHOP PATTERSON, the Martyr of MelanesiaŠBy Jesse Page. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. The above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. Address all orders to the PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., OR OAKLAND, CAL. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. A selection of any one, or an assortment of all the above goods, to the value of eight dollars, will be sent on receipt of six dollars, being 25 per cent discount. In ordering please remember that the rate of freight on 25 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Postal Note. No private checks accepted. REFERENCES. To whom it may concern; We, the undersigned, residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co., has resided in Battle Creek for nearly 20 years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experience in his line of busi-ness, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. URIAH SMITH, editor Review and Herald. HON. W. C. GAGE, Ex-Mayor. .1. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. THOMAS H. BRIGGS, M. D. HON. GEORGE WILLARD, Pub. Journal. S. S. FRENCH, M. D. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Bank. M. RORABACHER, M. D. HON. W. H. MASON, Postmaster. HON. J. W. BAILEY, Ex-Mayor. T. E. SANDS, M. D. per 44 44 it 66 66 46 if 66 61 it tt 66 46 66 46 44 66 11 15c 15c 12c 12c 12c 10c 10c 10c 10c 10c 10c 10c 30c 15e 10c 10c 40c 20c 25c 4.00 3.00 2.60 2.60 3.00 5.00 HEALTH FOODS. PURE CRACKERS AND BISCUITS, MANUFACTURED BY THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY. ESTABLISHED IN 1881. Address, BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO,, Batikle Creek. Mich, 