THE AN'IERICAN Lord's day (works of necessity and charity always excepted), nor shall suffer or permit any children, servants, or slaves,, to profane the Lord's day by gaming, fishing, fowling, hunting, or unlawful pastimes or recreations ; and that every person transgressing this act, and being thereof convict by the oath of one sufficient witness, or confession of the party before a single magistrate, shall forfeit two hundred pounds of tobacco, to be levied and applied as aforesaid. Sc. 11. .And be it likewise enacted, That no housekeeper shall sell any strong liquor on Sunday (except in cases of absolute necessity), or suffer any drunkenness, gaming, or unlawful sports, or recrea-tions, in his or her house, on pain of forfeiting two thousand pounds of tobacco to his lordship, one half toŁthe use aforesaid, and the other half to him that will sue for the same, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be al-lowed. Sac. a. And be it enacted, That every parish clerk within this province shall procure a copy of this act, which the county clerks are hereby re-quired to suffer the parish clerks to take without fee or reward, for which he shall be allowed in the parish fifty pounds of tobacco, and that the same shall be read four times in a year, viz., on some Sunday in March, in June, in September, and in December, by every minister within this province, in their respective parish churches, between divine service and sermon, on pain of forfeiting one thousand pounds of tobacco for every omission, one half to the lord proprietor, for the use aforesaid, and the other half to him that will sue for the same, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or in-formation, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed.ŠLaws of the District of Columbia. pp. 136-138. These statutes have never been either repealed or modified by any act of Con-gress. On the contrary, provisionŁ has been made for their strict enforcement. The Revised Statutes of the District of Columbia says : -- SEC. 335. It shall be the duty of the board of police at all times of the day or night within the boundaries of said police district. * * * * * * * * Ninth, To see that all laws relating to the observ-ance of Sunday . . . . are promptly enforced; and Tenth, To enforce and obey all laws and ordi-nances in force in the District, or any part thereof, which are properly applicable to police or health, and not inconsistent with the provisions of this chapter.ŠRevised Statutes District of Columbia p. 40. It therefore stands conclusively proved that the District of Columbia has a full and sufficient Sunday law. But there is' a serious difficulty about its enforcement. Although according to the act of Congress all these laws are of force, they cannot be enforced. The first oneŠthe one relating to blaspheming is clearly and doubly un-constitutional, in that (1) in forbidding a denial of the Trinity it prohibits the free exercise of religion, and (2) it inflicts cruel and unusual punishments. Then Łthe Sunday statute being an in-separable part of the act, bears upon its very face the distinct religious features of all such legislation. The Sunday law advocates therefore have not the courage to undertake the enforcement of a Sunday law that stands so distinctly and insepar-ably connected with the barbarisms of a  religious despotism. Consequently they hope to get the provisions of this Sunday section separated from its original and proper connection, by advocating the civil Sunday, and securing the passage by Con-gress of an act to prevent persons being forced to labor on Sunday. By comparing the Blair and the Breck-inridge Sunday bills with the foregoing:  Sunday section, it is easy to see the family likeness. The Blair bill, Section 5, repro-duces that feature of the old law, Section 11, which proposes to hire people to sue the man who works on Sunday ; with this difference, however, that whereas the old law gave half the fine imposed for Sunday work, the Blair bill gives all the earnings, of the man who receives pay for Sunday work. There is another point in this re_ production of the old law that is worthy of notice: if it is not an intentional repro-duction, it is to say the least A MOST REMARKABLE COINCIDENCE. Section 10, of the existing law imposes Ł a fine of "two hundred pounds of tobacco," and the Breckinridge bill imposes a fine of " one hundred dollars;" Section .11, of the existing law imposes a fine of " two thousand pounds of tobacco," and Section 3, of the Blair bill allows a fine of " one thousand dollars." Now we find by in-quiry of large dealers in tobacco in this city, that the average retail price of aver-age tobacco is fifty cents a pound. Thus the two hundred pounds of tobacco of Section 10, of the existing law, at fifty cents a pound make the one hundred dol-lars of the Breckinridge bill; and the two thousand pounds of tobacco of Section 11, of the existing law, at fifty cents a pound make the one thousand dollars of the Blair bill ! We say again that if this point in the two Sunday bills, now before Congress, was not intentional, it is cer-tainly a most remarkable coincidence ; while the other points of resemblance between the old and the new bear strongly, almost irresistibly, to the conclusion that the old law was before the eyes and in the minds of those who originated the two Sun-day bills that are now pending in Con-gress. What is the use of the Sunday-law ad-vocates any longer talking about "civil" Sunday laws ? Sunday observance is re-ligious and nothing else. It never was anything else and it never can be made anything else. Sunday laws are religious laws. They are laws enforcing the ob-servance of a religious institution. They belong with Ł an established religion. When, in the face of the evidence here presented, the advocates of Sunday laws, either State or national, make the plea that it is only civil Sunday laws that they want, the people will know just what to think of the plea. And, in view of the evidence here presented, when men advo-cate a Sunday law, either State or na-tional, upon any plea whatever, the people  may know just what estimate 'to put upon the plea, and also upon the men who make it. A. T. J. General Birney's Speeph. WE here present the speech of General A. A. Birney, of Washington City, on taking the chair to preside at the citizens' meeting, held in that city,. Tuesday even-ing, January 28, 1890. General Birney is a son of Hon. J. G. Birney, who ran for president on the Abolition ticket, in 1840 and 1844. He fought through the war, in which he honorably won distinction; and, as his excellent speech shows, still stands for the rights and liberties of all men under the Constitution. The General's comments 'are all the more valuable as he is one of the loading lawyers of the Capi- tal City. On taking the chair the General said :Š I have been requested to open the meeting, by stating its object. This meet-ing is called by citizens who are opposed to a bill offered to the House of Repre-sentatives, on the 6th inst., by Mr. Breck-inridge, entitled, "A Bill to prevent per-sons from being forced to labor on Sunday." It was intended by those who called the meeting, to give a fair hearing for the friends of the bill, and, for that purpose, the invitation was extended to any one, who desired to do so, to speak in its favor. I believe it is customary for the chair-man to announce whether he is in favor of or opposed to the position and object of the meeting. As I have not already given in my adhesion, and have not had time, since receiving notice, to prepare myself, I have written a little memoran-dum which I hope will be instructive and suggestive. On an analysis of this bill, I find the following to be its prominent fea-tures. It prohibits all secular work with two exceptions Š "Works of necessity or mercy," and "Any person or persons who shall conscientiously believe in and ob-serve any other day of the week than Sunday, as a day of rest." Now, a plain interpretation of this law, would render unlawful, the running of street-cars, railroad-cars and steamboats on Sunday; also the delivery of letters or telegrams on Sunday, or even' driving carriages to church on Sunday. All these and similar questions, would be referred to a police judge to decide. The services of a paid janitor or salaried organist of a church, or a third party Prohibitionist meeting would need to be passed upon, as to whether secular or religious, as such meetings are frequently held, and such labor performed upon Sunday. The inter-vention of policemen might also be called in. In the second place, could a profes-sional surgeon receive pay for his Sunday labor? Would a professional physician 