71any man hear my words; and belieae not ljudge him norz-iesus Cha's7 VOLUME 15. CHICAGO, SEPTEMBER 27, 1900. NUMBER 38. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel:) PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324 DEARBORN STREET, CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.03 stern uplifted hand of law and justice, but with the outstretched hand of love and pity. .4 .4 THE best way to uphold law and order is to stand for the cause of right against all injustice. ot THE man who proclaims that, he is too good to do wrong is the one of all.  others to be carefully watched. L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN, - - Editors. .4 .4 THE despot in the seat of power is first cousin to the anarchist in the slums. .4  .4  THE political party which bids for the Christian's vote ought to have in its platform the Golden Rule. .4 .4  THE legislature can write laws upon the statute book, but the heart is the only place for writing the laws of righteousness. .4 .4 THE Papacy represents imperialism in religion, proclaiming that one man 'must be ruled by another in religion in order to be saved from destruction. WHEN a political party poses as representing the cause of Christianity it simply repeats the attempt made by the ancient people of Galilee to take Christ and make him a king by force. .4  .4  THE mission of clergymen, as representatives of Christianity, is to come to wicked men not with the A KNOWLEDGE of intricate affairs of government is not the test of fitness for self-government. The true test is the power to resist every temptation to invade and encroach upon the rights of others. ',I. I  -4i. THOMAS JEFFERSON ON POLITICAL SERMONS. THE tendency of a class of clergymen to assume a superior knowledge in matters of law, government, political science, etc., on the basis of the superiority of their calling as ambassadors of God; was not un-known in the days of Thomas Jefferson, as appears from the, following expression of his views on this subject, given in a letter to his friend, Mr. Wendover. The words of this eminent statesman are very per-tinent at the present time: " On one question I differ, . . . the right of discussing public affairs in the pulpit. . . . The mass of human concerns, moral and physical, is so vast, the field of knowledge requisite for man to conduct them to the best advantage is so extensive, that no human being can acquire the whole himself, and much less in that degree necessary for the in-struction of others. It has of necessity, then, been distributed into different departments, each of which 