106 AMERICAN SENTINEL. spied me, and pointed me out to others. Because of my `offense' many had become myfriends, and perhaps more had become my enemies. After talking awhile to some, as the priest was entering the church with his crowd. I gave away some tracts, and left for the station to take the train for San Felipe. "When I had entered the train one young man began brushing the dust off my back to show his affection. I felt thankful to the Lord for this victory. Being my first visit to the town, I arrived without friends or enemies; but on leaving, all were either friends or enemies." Is the Bible Equal to It? BY LEWIS C. SHEAFE. JUST now the preachers of this city are having a spasm of "higher criticism." They are jubilant over the so-called discoveries, and lament that they have been so simple-minded as to, believe in the past, that the Bible is the very word of God,, and that the Lord meant just what he said. Now, they say, we can treat the Bible as litera-ture, and in their wisdom it is not safe for one not well versed in the languages to attempt to do much with the Bible. Such language reminds one of what was said by the papists after Luther's triumph at Leipsic; they said in substance, We too accept the Scriptures, we even put them above Augustine and the Councils. But who can interpret them? Can peasants and women, or even mer-chants and nobles? The Bible, though inspired, is full of difficulties; there are contradictory texts. It is a sealed book except to the learned; only the church can reconcile its difficulties. We can accept nothing which is not en-dorsed by popes and councils. No matter how plain the Scriptures seem to be, on certain disputed points only the authority of the church can enlighten and instruct us. Moreover, since the Scriptures are to be interpreted only by priests, it is not a safe book for the people. We, the priests, will keep it out of their hands. They Will get notions from it fatal to our authority; they will become fanatics; they will in their conceit defy us. Then Luther rose, more powerful, more eloquent, more majestic than before; he rose superior to himself. What! said he; keep the light of life from the people? take away their guide to heaven; keep them in ignorance of what is most precious and most exalting?;deprive them of the blessed consolations which sustain the soul in trial and in death? deny the most palpable truths because your dignitaries put on them a construction to bolster up their power? What an abomination! What peril to the souls of men! Then Luther grasped that great idea of the Reforma-tion, which was "The right of private judgment," or "Religious liberty." He said, Let the Scriptures be put into the hands of everybody; let every one interpret them for himself, according to the light he has from the guid-ing Spirit. Let spiritual liberty be revived, as in apos- tolie days. Then only will the peopleŁ be emancipated from the middle ages, and arise in their power and ma-jesty, obey the voice of enlightened conscience, and be true to their convictions. Then will they obey God rather than man, and defy all sorts of persecutions ands martyr-dotn, having a serene faith in those blessed promisesŁ which the Gospel unfolds. That same enemy of religious liberty isabroad again. Let us beware. Don't put the scholarship of men above-the wisdom of God, for God has hid these things from the-wise and prudent and revealed them unto babes. The doubts and denials of scriptural facts, by the so-called higher critics, have gotten men into the fog, and to-day men and women are skeptical as to the existence of God, the moral government of the world, the truth of Christi-anity, and the reality of the supernatural. Now the way out of this fog is by a living faith in the living Word of God. Give it a prayerful study. It has light yet toŁ ' reveal for these times. It is equal to these times, for it is Spirit and life. Louisville, Ky. Superabundant Legislation. N. Y. "Christidn Ad,ocate." PRESIDENT WHITAKER, of the New York State Bar Association, said recently that from 1777 to /897 the Legislature of New York had passed and ordered printed 101,000 pages of statutes, and that in the years 1887 to 1892 a volume of 600 pages was published each year; from 1892 to 1897 two volumes of 1,000 pages each were issued each year, with the exception of two years, when the output was three volumes each year. This is a vast amount of legislation even for so important a state as New York, and there can be no doubt that much of it is never enforced, and probably some of it is absolutely un-necessary. Perhaps if the Legislature met biennially, and the term of the session was limited, this evil of unes-sential legislation might be mitigated. As it is now, the Legislature sits for about four months each year, and produces about 1,000 pages of statutes. President Whitaker says : "A. very large portion of the time of the Legislature is spent in passing special and personal laws, in which the people as a whole have very little, if any, direct interest. And it is not infrequent that laws are passed in direct opposition to the real interests of the general public. In fact, people are beginning to look upon legislative sessions as a menace, rather than a solace." WHAT the world needs is not more legislation, but more love. ON the side of truth men care only to discuss princi-ples; on that of error they prefer to descend to personal-ities. 