226 AMEI-tICAN SENTINEL. through an alliance with the powers of the earth. It would be well if every religious body now seeking such an alliance would study and pay heed to the language of the chapter in which these words are found. The chapter sets forth a condition of exceeding glory and power, as being that to which in the will of God it is the privilege of the church to attain. All that the church desires or is seeking to day in the way of success,Šall that she can ask or even dream ofŠis here set before her as that which she may certainly have. There can be no doubt about it, for it is the promise of the Omnipotent. Here is power; here is glory; here is exaltation; here is influence; here is the "wealth of the Gentiles," and the service of kings and of the nations. Does the church really want all this? Do those for which the Statesman speaks really want it? If they do, then let them by all means seek it in the appointed way. That way is plainly set forth,Šno less plainly than the glorious results which it brings. God says, "Arise, shine; for thy light is come, and the glory *of the Lord is risen upon thee. For, behold, the darkness shall cover the earth, and gross darkness the people; but the Lord shall arise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee. And the Gentiles shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising." V. 1-3. The SENTINEL is set to warn the people of the nation against the fast-forming alliance of church and state. But upon the authority of the plain word of the Lord, it can say to the church, Your privilegeŠand your dutyŠis to arise and shine with a glory that will be seen with wonder throughout the earth. "The glory of the Lord is risen upon thee!" But not so if you are seeking glory from an earthly sourceŠthrough politics, or through legislation. The glory of the Lord upon you is that which marks you as separate from all that is of the earth. It was the glory of God that shone above the camp of the ancient Israel when they were separate from all the nationsŠthe "church in the wilderness." It was the glory of God that appeared upon the top of Sinai when the mountain was set off from all the surrounding land and guarded from every earthly tread, save that of Moses and the chosen elders. It was the glory of God that filled the Most Holy Place of the sanctuary, into which the high priest alone might enter, and that but once a year. And when the glory of the Lord is seen upon you, that will mark you as separate from the worldŠas set apart unto the service of God. And it will be seen upon you if you are thus separated, and onlyupon this condition. Then "the Gentiles shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising." You are not to go to the kings, but kings are to come to you, and that because of the glory of the Lord which they see upon you. You are not to be upon the level of the world or to travel with the word. It is in the order of God that his church should be above the world and ahead of the worldŠso far above and so far ahead of the world in all that is de-sirable that she will be the wonder of the world. But the church has never occupied her appointed and privileged  place, save for a few brief intervals of time. Yet in those few brief intervals, the glory and success of the church was such as to be the marvel of succeeding ages. Does the church, then, want the service of kings and of nations? It is for this that she is seeking. And she can have it, if she will so fully separate from the world. that the glory of the Lord will be reflected upon her, in such measure as will astonish and draw the Gentiles and kings of the earth. She can have it by pursuing a course the farthest possible removed from that of seeking a, union with earthly powers. She can have itŠand only thus can it be hadŠby pursuing exactly the opposite-course to that which is followed in the movement for Na-tional Reform. Then "the nation and kingdom that will not serve thee shall perish," as it is written; not because it re-fused to do your bidding, but because it set itself against.  God, and must meet the fate of all that fight against, him. If the church will turn her feet into the pathway of total separation from the world, the SENTINEL will be foremost to bid her "God speed." A "Christian Flag." THE fad of a so-called "Christian flag" is running-like wildfire over the land. Doubtless the next thing will be that whosoever does not salute this so-called flag wilt be held as no Christian at all; and whosoever does not show respect to it will be denounced as an enemy of the church and a traitor to Christianity. In behalf of this fad; it is claimed by its originator that "as every other nation on earth has its flag, so the kingdom of Christ should have one too:" which is but to. say that the kingdom of Christ is earthly just as is "every other nation on earth." This earthly, sensual, concep-tion of heavenly and spiritual things coincides very aptly with the false "Christian citizenship" notion that is now-so largely prevalent. A "hymn" has been written and "dedicated" in honor of this so called flag. It is said that excursion steamers have ordered these things for their use when carrying-Sunday-school excursionists. It would indeed be exceed-ingly appropriate on Sunday excursion steamers. No. Sunday excursion steamer or train could justly be ac-cused of disloyalty to the "Christian Sabbath" while fly-ing the "Christian flag." We wonder what freak will appear next in behalf of a worldly, sensual "kingdom of Christ." Nevertheless, the word of Christ stands forever sure, "My kingdom is not of this world." A. T. J. Ł A DR. HIRSCH, of the University of ;Chicago, correctly-states the aim of Christianity, as follows:Š "In strict theory Christianity's aim is to establish a kingdom which is not of this world. The sermon on the 