26 AMERICAN SENTINEL. for papal effort to secure recognition from the United States, has been opened up by the acquisition of the new territory taken from Spain; and Roman Catholics in the United States are to be organized to secure the fullest advantage offered by the situation. Verily, thy, nation is expanding, and in. no direction faster than toward Rome. Church-and-State Resolutions by the Presbyterian Synod of New York. A GREAT "Pan-American Exposition" is to be held in the city of Buffalo in the first year of the twentieth century. In connection with this exhibition the question is of course raised, as it has been in connection with similar enterprises, whether it shall be opened on Sundays; and already a protest against Sunday open-ing has gone forth from the Presbyterian Synod of New York. At the last convention of that body this resolution touching the question was adopted:Š "As the conservation of the Christian Sabbath, as a day of rest and worship, is essential to the preservation of the liberties of the American people, and also all American institutions inclusive of the American home, the American Christian Church, and the American Re-public. "Resolved, That the Synod respectfully but earnestly urges the directors of the Pan American Exposition to be held in Buffalo in 1901, to close the gates of the Exposition every Lord's day during the continuance of said Exposition." This of course throws upon the directors, if they heed the request, the burden of determining which day is the "Lord's day"; and we hope that if the directors consider this question they will be guided in their con-clusions by the testimony of Scripture, which is the only competent testimony to be had on this point. Another resolution passed by the Synod was the following:Š Resolved, That the Synod of New York expresses its earnest disapproval and condemnation of the Sunday newspaper as a violation in letter and spirit of the law of God and of the State, and greatly injurious to the religious and moral life of the people, which both church and state are bound to protect and promote." This is a plain declaration in favor of union of church and state; for if the state is bound to protect and promote religion, there must be state laws favoring religion, since the state can act only through its laws. And what more did a union of church and state ever present, as regards the state, than laws favoring re-ligion? As there are many conflicting religious beliefs, the state in favoring religion would be obliged to select some particular belief; and to favor some particular belief by law is to uphold that belief by law, which is to enforce it by law. And no union of church and state, we repeat, ever required more of the state than that it enforce particular religious beliefs by law. Sunday-Closing in Chicago. FOR something more than two weeks Chicago has been agitated to quite an extent by one of the semi-occasional Sunday-closing movements that are wont to sweep Over American cities at irregular intervals. So far as the writer has been able to learn, the present agitation had its origin with small tradesmen, butchers and grocers, who complain that they are "compellea" to keep open on Sunday. The first effort was to secure general Sunday closing by agreement. But this was found to be impracticable because of 'the widely-divergent views on the subject among the grocers and butchers themselves. Some favored Sunday closing during the winter months. Some thought better to close after a certain hour in the morning; while some would close all day, and some not at all. As is usual in such cases appeal has been made to the law-makers, and the Board of Alderman have been asked to pass a general Sunday-closing ordinance. Pending action by the city, a good many are closing voluntarily, some for a portion of the day and some all day; thus proving beyond dispute that nobody is forced to keep open if he does not want to do so. It is only greed of gain that "compels" anybody to keep his place of business open when he does not want to keep open. Indeed, nobody keeps open when he does not want to. The fact that he keeps open is evidence that he wants to keep open. It is true he might wish that conditions were such that he could make the same amount of profit in fewer hours. But the thing that he does is the thing that he wants to do under existing circumstances. It is not at all likely that Chicago will adopt a Sunday-closing ordinance at present. Such an ordi-nance would have but little chance of survival in the courts as at present constituted in Illinois. Indeed it seems doubtful if anything short of a constitutional amendment or flagrant disregard of that instrument would afford any substantial legal basis for Sunday legislation in this State, either state or municipal. It seems strange that men are so short-sighted as to be willing for a few paltry dollars to surrender to the state their inalienable rights. Whodoes not see that the same authority,  that can require men to rest on Sunday can as readily, and with just as much reason, prescribe the manner of that rest? Oh, for more of that sterling manhood that puts liberty above pelf. One of the evening papers has espoused the Sunday-closing movement, and, publishes something on the sub-ject almost every day. But so far this newspaper cham-pion of this movement speaks only of "moral suasion" as the means to be relied on to secure the desired end. To this there can be no objection by any one, except to the idea that so few have the moral stamina to act inde-pendently in such a matter. Of course very many of 