78INIET,. Vol.. 8, No. 10.      the Federal Court, and would have brought the severest persecutions, not only in Tennessee, but elsewhere. Mr. King's death brought the case to an end. And we have since learned, by decisions of the United States Supreme Court, what would have been the action of that court, had they re- viewed the case. Following this five more Seventh-day Adventists, this time in Henry County, were indicted. They were J. H. Dortch, J. Moon, S. M. Lowry, James Stem and W. D. Ward. The first four were con-victed. They employed no lawyers, believing that it was of no use, and believing the scriptures where the Lord promises to speak through his people when they are brought before magistrates. They appeared for themselves, and they were convicted; refusing to pay their fines, they were placed in the prison there at Paris. The people soon got tired of boarding them in the Paris jail, and so, an effort was made to work them, and finally an old law was resurrected, by which they discovered that the Paris jail was a county work-house; then they were placed in the chain-gang and worked, but only for a few days, as their time had nearly expired. I think three of them were in jail over the. Sabbath, andsan effort was made to work them on the Sabbath, and a resolution to that effect passed the board, but the sheriff refused to act in the matter; he said : " Gentlemen, if you under-take to work these men on Saturday, I will have nothing whatever to do with the matter," and his earnest effort in their behalf saved them from the experience of an attempt to force them to work on the Sabbath. They were then told that it would go harder with them if they persisted; and so, when they came to trial this time, not only the jail and the chain-gang stared them in the face, but also the possibility that the severest punishment might be inflicted to compel them to work on 1the Sabbath ; but they did not flinch. During the time that intervened between the trials of theseŠthe last prosecutiona-:-and the re-cent arrests, the National Religious Liberty Asso-ciationssentafrom its office more than three hundred thousand pages of literature to the State of Ten-nessee, direct to ministers ; almost an equal amount has been shipped to Tennessee, and distributed by other methods. After the Springville meeting, those present who did not go out to canvass in dis-tant parts of the State, mounted their horses, filled their saddle-bags with religious liberty liter-ature, and went all over that county, leaving this literature and these pamphlets in the homes of the people. Paris was also canvassed just before the trial; every lawyer in Tennessee has had " Due Process of Law and Divine Right of Dissent," "Religious Intolerance in the Republic." Every newspaper in Tennessee has had the tract, " In the Chain-gang for Conscience' Sake," " Due Process of Law and Divine Right of Dissent," and "Religious Intoler-ance in the Republic." Every Baptist minister in Tennessee has had the same, every Lutheran min-ister, and every Unitarian minister, has had the same matter, and I believe it has had a great effect. [Voice: "Did not the attorney-general ask them if they had been affected by the literature that had been distributed in Tennessee?") Yes, they ques- tioned the witnesses, and also the jury on that point. Not only did they attempt to get the men this time, but they attempted to indict women, and asked the boys who were before the Grand Jury whether they had seen their sisters or mothers working on Sunday. The prosecuting attorney said that they proposed to arrest every man, wo-man and child of the Seventh-day Adventists, if it became necessary in order to put a stop to this work on Sunday. I read you now a copy of the indictment:Š STATE OF TENNESSEE, } Circuit Court, September HENRY COUNTY. Term, A. D. 189g. The Grand Jurors of the State of Tennessee, elected, impaneled, sworn and charged to inquire of ma for the body if the County of Henry, in the State aforesaid, upon their oath, find that Billy Dortch, late of said County, labored heretofore, to wit: on the eighteenth day of September 1892, that day being Sunday, and divers other Sundays next before that date and up to the taking of this in-quisition, in the County of Henry aforesaid, then and there unlawfully, openly, publicly, notori-ously and unnecessarily did engage in his secular business, and did perform and follow his common avocations of life on Sundays, by working on the farm, ploughing, harrowing, hoeing, pulling fod-der and doing various and divers others kinds of work on Sundays, said work not being necessary or a matter of charity, and it was and it is to the great annoyance and disturbance of the people, to the evil example of society, prejudicial to public morals, and a public nuisance to the citizens of the County, and against the peace and dignity of the State. J. W. LEWIS, ATT'Y GEN. And the Grand Jury aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, do further present that said Billy Dortch on the day and dates aforesaid, in the State and County aforesaid, and in the manner and form aforesaid. was guilty of a nuisance, by said work-ings on Sundays to the prejudice of society and against the peace and dignity of the State. J. W. LEWIS, ATTY. GEN. The following persons were indicted, in accord-ance with this indictment, Wm. Dortch, T. F. Dortch, J. H. Dortch, W. D. Ward, S. W. Lowry, Jas. Stem, Drew Fitch, Bollman, ŠFinch, J. Finch, Joe Parker, Wilson, Frank Stem, Moon (no name attached), Jim Parker, and many other parties whose names to the jury are unknown. We met, at Paris, Mr. J. T. Ringgold, of Balti-more, and those who were indicted, and introduced Mr. Ringgold to them. A local reporter tele-graphed through the country that three hundred Seventh day Adventists had arrived from Wiscon-sin, Michigan and Illinois, and were swarming the hotels and court room, waiting for the trials of their brethren. We gathered in a room in the hotel to talk over the situation, and Mr. Ringgold was surprised to find the brethren so perfectly willing to go to jail or into the chain-gang if this proved to be the re-sult of their trials. Afterwards, he remarked to me: "I have never had clients before who were willing that I should win or lose their cases; who were perfectly satisfied to have their cases go either for or against them." We explained to Mr. Ring-gold that we had decided to employ no more law-yers in the cases, but had hoped that the Lord would put it into the heart of some lawyer to in-terest himself in these persecutions, in which case the work would be done from a love of the prin-ciple involved and not from mercenary motives. We frankly told him that we believed that the Lord was using him in this way, and while he in his humility disclaimed such an exalted mission, he expressed himself anxious to defend our breth-ren to the best of his ability. [Voice: "How did this happen ?"] It came about in this way. He wrote a book on the sub-ject of Sunday laws, and came out on the right side of the question. A. 0. Tait, Corresponding Secretary of the Association, learned that such a book was published and wrote to Mr. Ringgold for a copy, and that was the commencement of the interest that Mr. Ringgold has maintained toward the Seventh-day Adventists, and of their interest in him. When he learned of the recent persecu-tions he offered to plead their case without charge. Mr. Ringgold requested us to engage a local attor-ney to aid him in the peculiar law practice of Ten-nessee. So we employed Mr. W. L. Carter of the place, who while justice of the peace, refused to hear the Sunday cases against the Seventh-day Adventists. . . . At the last trial before this the prosecution had prepared for a fight, but when they discovered that the brethren had no counsel, the wind was com-pletely taken out of their sails. It was a severe shock to them. But at this trial they did not ex-pect that counsel would appear, and hence the in-dictments were drawn up recklessly; but our at-torneys put on their legal spectacles and discovered that the indictments were worthless. This was an-other great shock to the prosecution. Then of course they thought we would hare no friends; but there sat behind our counsel Ex-Senator Tolley and Ex-Governor Porter. The prosecuting attorney was very much depressed when he found that Ex-Governor Porter was against him, rq he is one of his warmest political friends. [Voice:Š"How did the Governor happen to be there ? "I We had invited Ex-Senator Tolley to be present and witness with his own eyes the trials. He had been very much interested in these cases, and has read the SENTINEL for four years. The SENTINEL was sent to him when he was in the Senate, and after his term expired, he subscribed for it. On his arrival at Paris, he called on his old political friend, Ex-Governor Porter, and told him of the trials just about to come off. As a re-sult of this conversation, the Governor declared his willingness to appear for the defendants with-out remuneration. When the case of William Dortch came up for trial, among the witnesses who went up to be sworn was little Ambrose Dortch, only ten years' old. The judge spied him out, and asked the prosecuting attorney if that little boy had been summoned as a witness. The attorney, who evi-dently had not expected so many distinguished spectators to witness these mediaeval persecutions, appeared ashamed and said he did not care to have him sworn, and that he could step aside. Mr. Ring-gold and Mr. Carter arose and stated that he was summoned as a witness, to which Mr. Lewis made no reply. Silence was golden. The little boy took his seat, inasmuch as the prosecuting attorney had no use for him. Two of the neighbors' boys were put on the stand, and testified to having seen the defendant working in his garden on Sunday. Wm. Dortch is a sing-ing teacher. They had gone to the church expecting to find him there, but not finding him, they rode down to his house, where they found him at work in his garden. The boys had probably unintentionally mentioned the fact to others, and from this were forced unwillingly to testify against their neighbor. These two were the only wit-nesses outside of the Seventh-day Adventist church whom the State brought. A rather amusing in-cident occurred during the questioning of the wit-ness by the prosecution. The attorney questioned with the view of bringing out the fact that the work was done near a church on Sunday. Mr. Ringgold, who was listening intently, heard a quiet remark by the witness, and immediately inter-rupted with the query, " You said that was near a church, didn't you ?" " Yes." " What church was it ?" "The Seventh-day Adventist." Turning to the judge, Mr. Ringgold remarked, "I wished simply to bring out the fact, Your .Honor, that it was our church near which the defendant was working." The next witness was John Dortch, brother of the defendant. He testified to having seen him pile chunks in his back field. And, by the way, not a man on trial lived on the public road, and their farms could be reached only by means of pri-vate roads. When the prosecuting attorney dis-covered that he could make no case against the de-fendants, he called for Ambrose Dortch, the little boy, again. After questioning him regarding the nature of an oath the judge said he would regard him incompetent to testify, and that he might stand aside. The little fellow, who, by the way, was bright and smiling, stepped back and took a seat on his uncle's knee. This incident had the effect to bring out the true persecuting nature of these prosecutions as nothing else could. Think of a child being ordered by the State to testify that the work of his father disturbed him to the extent of constituting a public nuisance! The witnesses having been disposed. of, the speech of the prosecution was in order. You under-stand that the prosecution has the opening and closing speeches. The prosecuting attorney, how- ever, remarked to the judge that he had nothing to say, that the case might go to the counsel for the defendants. Mr. Ringgold then presented a series of recommendations to tie judge fir instruction to the 