212 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 'that the ocean was coming. He felt the peril to the homes on the low lands, and instinctively thrust his finger into the little hole; it stopped the flow, but it also made a place for a larger stream, and when he understood what he had done he dared not remove his finger, for then it would not take long for the floods to break in upon all Holland; so he stood crying with weariness and fear until somebody found him: I do not dare move or speak, for the moment I do the ocean is upon me. I feel its pres-sure, and I am helpless before it." She replied, "Then, my dear child, take my advice; take this matter earnestly to the Lord, and submit yourself to him. The saloon is alive in this city: something must be done, and we must have a leader. If you are not the leader, God will make it plain; but if you are, do not dare refuse." She went away leaving me trembling and aghast before that which had been a growing conviction in my own soul for many weeks; that I had a call from God to something, but I knew not what. That night, when my children were in bed, I went to my study, but not to write as I usually did until nine o'clock; only to pace my floor and to argue the question, What could I do? I was alone in the world with my little children, with no income except what I was picking up at the point of my pen; with no influence; with nothing but God. I spent that night walking, or lying upon the floor, or kneeling beside my chair, in earnest appeal to God that he should relieve me of this burden. But the more I prayed, the heavier it became, until at last it was a question of obedience or not. Will you obey or not? And when it was once uttered in this language in my soul, I had only one answer:ŠI must obey when God speaks so that I understand, whatever should be the con-sequences. I was lying upon the floor with my face upon my folded arms, and I said to Him, Show me what to do and I will do it. And for answer he gave me a task so simple that I laughed, and said to myself, How foolish I have been to make such a time over such a simple thing; done in a minute and ended. I will do this and then go back to my writing without anything to trouble me'. I was only to send notices to all the church prayer meet-ings for the following Wednesday night, asking the women of the city to come together to consider what should be our relations to the saloon. I would write the notices and send them down to my grocer in the morn-ing. He was a leading member of the official board of the church to Which I belonged; I would ask him for the parlors of the church in which to hold this meeting on the next Friday afternoon, that was all. I arose from the floor and wrote the notices; a brief call which I signed with my own name. I enclosed a note to him stating that if he was not willing that we should have the parlors I would like to see him, but if we could have the parlors, would he kindly send his delivery boy with the notices to the pastors of the various churches. I was immensely relieved as soon as this was done; in fact, so light-hearted that I had no sense of weariness after my night's vigil. Galileo. BY FANNIE BOLTON. IN midst of darkness, when men slept as dead, An angel found one wakeful in the night, And bade him.forth. They passed with quiet tread Up through the paths of planetary light, And saw the worlds spin on as jewels of gold Amid their silver moons in God-marked grooves. The angel bade the waker earth behold, And said, "She hath her orbit, aye, she moves." This whisper of the angel thrilled his soul. His eye grew keen with luster of delight. Rolled back the clouds that shut him from the goal Of the eternal God, whose throne grew bright. Linked through creation to the God who made, He thought the thoughts.of Him who only loves, And in men's ears again all undismayed, He cried the angel's message, "Aye, she moves." Then men roused from their sleep, then demons stirred, Then hell drew up its hosts in war array, Then smoke grew dense that morn might be deferred, And night still hold o'er earth its fearful sway, Then pope, priests, cardinals in splendor shone, And banners flamed, and trumpets sounded out, And stood the waker in the midst alone, Derided by hell's hatred and men's doubt. "Recant! Take back the word you've spoken out. "How dare you so the learned and great defy? "Your words the firm foundation stone shall rout, "Unsettle thrones and cause the church to die." "Minion of hell, inspired by hosts of night, "This tumult all your heresy disproves. "Shall we deny our feeling and our sight, "To listen to your message that she moves? "Death stares you in the face for lie like this. "The church infallible gives her decree. "So if a fate ignoble you would miss "Recant, and it shall still go well with thee." A moment light flashed o'er that eager face, Then paled, the spirit in him seemed to pant. Truth faltered on his lips, he lost his grace, Faith wavered as he murmured, "I recant." Yet scarce had the ignoble word been said, Than strong conviction forced it from his soul. A. sudden majesty was in his tread, As up he gazed to heaven's lighted scroll. And suddenly tradition swept aside, The fear of men his soul, made free, disproves, And in the face of death, and hell, and pride, He whispered, "Aye, And still she moves, she moves." What good did pope and cardinals that day? What good did priests and people who withstood? Their work was only stubble, aye, and hay. They built on the foundation only wood. Build from the soul if ye would build for aye. Build on the truth. Error itself disproves, Or ye shall face a great vindictive day. "The heretic was right, she moves, she moves." IF you are not good enough, it is because you do not want to be good bad enough. 