AMERICAN SENTINEL. 635 The reason of this is that, as claimed by the Catholic Church, "A general council, headed by the pope, by rea-son of its representing the whole church, has the privilege of doctrinal infallibility and supreme authority."ŠCath-olic Belief, chap. 28, p. 123. "By a general or ecumenical council is understood a council to which the bishops of the world are lawfully summoned for the settling of some important matter, though it is not necessary for the validity of the council that all should attend."ŠTbid. "But a council to be ecumenical must be convoked by the pope, or at least with his consent, and be presided over by him, or by his legates. The decisions of such a council must also have his approval." Being invested with "doctrinal infallibility and su-preme authority," it will readily be seen that it is out of the question for one council to change the decrees of any preceding council. In such a case infallibility would ren-der itself fallible; in other words, "infallibility" would show that it is not infallible. Now why was the general council of Trent convoked? It was for the express purpose of meeting the "errors" of the first Protestants, Luther, Calvin, and others, which were then spreading. One of the doctrines taught by Luther was that the written Word was the supreme standard of truth. Up to the time of Luther it had never been defined by any , general council, whether the Bible alone, or the Bible and tradition, was the standard. This is not saying that the doctrine of the Bible and tradition, as the supreme standard, had not been taught. It is one thing in the Catholic Church to have a thing taught, and quite an-other thing to have it "defined" by a general council. At the time of the Council of Trent, the Catholic Church could have defined that the Bible alone was the only rule of faith and morals, and the question of her inerrancy before that time would not have been involved. As a matter of fact at this council, there were quite a number of bishops who were in favor of declaring that the written Word was the only supreme authority; and, as stated last week, it was some time before the matter could be decided; but when the decision came, it was that the Bible and tradition, with tradition the higher au-thority, was the rule in faith and morals. When, therefore, the Council of Trent, having the privilege(?) of "doctrinal infallibility and supreme au-thority," settled this question for the Catholic Church, it was settled for all time. On this question the Catholic Church, so long as it shall exist, cannot change without acknowledging her fallibility. Now we ask the question, as we asked it last week: What was the ground upon which the question of "the Bible only" or "theBible and tradition" was "infallibly" settled? There is only one answer possible, and that is ŠSunday. Nor is this all. When the council declared in favor of tradition, it thereby declared that the Catholic Church  could not be bound by the authority of the written Word of God; and this being proven(?) by the fact that the church, by its own authority, had changed the Sabbath into Sunday, it is plainly to be seen that the very corner-stone of tradition and the Catholic Church is Sunday. Just here we quote the words of the archbishop who made the argument: "The Sabbath, the most glorious day of the law, bas been merged into the Lord's day. . . . This day and similar institutions have .not ceased in consequence of the preaching of Christ (for he says he did not come to destroy the law, but to fulfill it); but yet they have been changed, and that solely by the authority of the church. Now if this authority should be done away with (which would please the heretics very much) who would there be to testify for the truth and to con-found the obstinacy of the heretics?"ŠCanon and Tradi-tion, p. 263. Now we wish to ask, What does the Catholic Church.  mean by "tradition"? Upon this point, we quote from "Catholic Belief," p. 15: "By ,,radition we do not mean a mere report, a hearsay, wanting sufficient evidence to deserve belief; or a local tradition started by man, and therefore merely human, as were those traditions of the Pharisees condemned by our Lord; but we mean a tradi-tion first coming from God, continually taught, recorded, and in all desirable ways kept alive by a body of trust-worthy men, successively chosen in a divine, or divinely appointed manner, and well instructed, and who are, moreover, protected by God, as a body, from teaching what is wrong, or handing down unfaithfully to others the doctrine committed to them." From this it will be seen that tradition, to the Cath-olic mind, is simply "continuing inspiration." This is made more clear by reading this further statement in the "Catholic Belief:" "Holy Scripture and tradition just described are both the Word of God: the first, inspired by God to some chosen one, who wrote it out; the other, taught by his own divine lips on earth, or inspired by the Holy Spirit in the mind of one man, or body of men, to be continually handed down and perpetuated successively under His divine protection to their legitimate succes-sors; neither, therefore, of these divine words can be re-jected without the guilt of unbelief." From all this we see that right at the beginning of the Reformation, although Protestants contended that the Bible alone was the only rule of faith, they retained the very cornerstone of tradition. It is plain to be seen, therefore, that at some time in the history of Protestantism its adherents must be brought to the point where they must either give up Sunday, or inevitably sanction the Catholic principle of tradition or continuing inspiration, with all that is in-volved in it. There is yet still more to this. CHRISTIANITY sets before men the ideal of perfect lib-erty in the path of perfect safety. 