114 NIIH2JECI CA.N SIEN9r9ENIX-40 VOL. 8. No. 15. loyalty to institutions and rulers,Š perils of great cities,Šis present day religion adequate to meet the requirements and dangers of modern life? The evening will be occupied with a presentation of the religious mission and needs of the African race; in the morn-ing, the African Methodist Episcopal Church; in the afternoon, the Orthodox Friends. The thirteenth day " Religion and the Love of Mankind," the fraternity of peoples,Šduties of European and Ameri-can nations toward China,Šinternational justice and amity,Šarbitration instead of war,Šreligious mission of English-speak-ing nations. Morning, afternoon, and evening, the Society of Christian En-deavor presents its history and work. The fourteenth day of the session, Sun-day, the 24th, "The Present Religious Condition of Christendom,"Šwhat reli-gion has wrought for America. In the afternoon the Society of Christian En-deavor again occupies the time, and in the evening, the Evangelical Church of North America. The subject for the fifteenth day is "Religious Reunion of Christendom,"Šits desirability, principles, obstacles, and encouragements. In the morning the Evangelical Church of North America continues its presen-tation, and the afternoon is given to the Swedish Evangelical Mission Covenant in America. On the sixteenth day the entire range of thought is brought to a focus in the con-sideration of " The Religious Union of the Whole Human Family,"Šthe world's religious debt to Asia, Europe and Amer-ica,Šand the points of contact and con-trast between the different religions dis-closed by the conference. The Baptist Church occupies the day for the presentation of doctrine. The subjects for consideration the sev-enteenth and last day sum up the whole matter, " Elements of Religion as recog-nized and set forth in the Different His-toric Faiths,"Š" Characteristics of the Ultimate Religion,"Šwhat is the center of the coming religious unity of mankind ? Immediately following this will be the Missionary Congresses, the Congresses of the Evangelical Alliance and other reli-gious organizations. Farther time is also to be given to denominations not assigned to the period of the parliament for the presentation of doctrine and history. FROM a human and intellectual stand-point, the consecutive and cumulative plan of the subjects to be treated in this parliament are remarkably adapted to attain the end sought, that is a consensus of thought 'and opinion upon a common center for the establishment of a univer-sal man-made religion. That which is expressed here is a philosophic religion. The coming religious unity of mankind, according to this, will be a philosophy, and not the gospel of the Son of God by whom alone there is eternal life, and through whom only we may keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus. This is not true religion, but it is full of a lofty enthusiasm. It is the highest development of self-worship to which the human mind has yet attained. It is the flowering of the religio-philosophic thought of the ages. It is the realization of the dream of the Indian Emperor, when twenty centuries ago he called to- Ought to Be Left Free. THE utter confusion of ideas that pre-vails in the minds of many relative to the teaching of the Scriptures concerning Sunday, is well illustrated by the follow-ing reference made by the Boston Sun-day Herald, to a petition presented by the Sunday Protective League of Massachu-setts to the Railroad Commission asking that the railroads of that State be re-stricted in the matter of Sunday trains :Š Under any construction of the Mosaic law of Sunday observance, the running of trains is an offense which should not be tolerated. It ought to be understood by everybody that there is no such thing as any " Mo- saic law of Sunday observance." Sunday is a day entirely unknown to the Scrip-tures by that name, and is wholly un-known to the Bible except as one of the six working days. The only law for its observance is that part of the fourth com-mandment which says, " Six days shalt thou labor." This includes Sunday. But this is the very way in which the Sunday Protective League of Massachusetts, and every other Sunday league in the world, is determined the day shall not be ob-served. But while the Herald does not appar-ently have a doubt of the application, of the divine law to Sunday, it does not think it necessary, nor even wise to arbitrarily forbid work upon that aay. It says :Š It is eminently desirable, both upon moral and sanitary, as well as upon religious grounds, that those who are in constant active employment should be accorded a day of rest, and we imagine that corporations as well as private individuals hav-ing persons in their employ arrange, with rare ex-ceptions, that this shall be secured. It is com-monly the case that this is granted on Sunday, not only because of divine injunction, but also because of greater convenience. But a plan of allotting work as to time which would serve its purpose under the conditions as they existed some hun-dreds or thousands of years ago, and in sparsely settled communities, has little applicability to modern times, andŁ to our densely populated cities. Growing bolder, the Herald continues :Š There is an inconsistency to many of the peti-tions that have been advanced having for their alleged purpose the suppression of Sunday work. Thus it is urged that Sunday newspapers should be prohibited, and yet the greater part of the work upon a Sunday newspaper is performed before 12 o'clock Saturday night, and it is the Monday news-papers, against which anathema has not been de-clared, that calls chiefly for work during the twenty-four hours of each Sunday. As far as we remember, the only city in this country where the people have been in any way consistent on this newspaper gnestion is in San Francisco, where years ago, though not recently, the morning news-papers appeared every morning except Monday morning, although, curiously enough, this at the time was a city where the ordinary observance of  Sunday was as little regarded as in any munici pality within our national borders.  Having unearthed one inconsistency in the matter of enforced Sunday rest, our Boston contemporary continues :--- Another instance of inconsistency in these peti-tions is found in the fact that the defenders of a Sunday rest do not seem to have included the street car service within the scope of their condem-nation. With the steam railroads there is a de-cided difference between the number of trains run upon week days and those run upon Sunday; in fact, on some of the roads the Sunday trains are run at embarrassingly infrequent intervals. But the street car service is substantially the same on Sundays as it is upon other days, and we dare say that on pleasant Sundays in summer the number of . cars in service is greater than during the week days. To ask that these should be prohibitedŠand this is what consistency would requireŠwould bring out into strong reliefŠwe will not say the absurdity, but the impossibility of such a demand. In view of the difficulties which sur-round the question of Sunday regulation, the Herald concludes thatŠ the rule that should be laid down by the authori-ties in acting upon matters of this kind is the sens-ible one that all productive work, or work that may be termed incidental to production, might be rightly prohibited, and we would include also the sale and purchase of merchandise when the latter operations were not essential to the immediate wel-fare of societyŠsuch as the sale of food. But even this line should be drawn with broad liberality, so as not to interfere with the comfort and well-being of the people. Sunday in this way would be made to serve men as a day of rest and reasonable recrea-tion. But while such a construction would pre-vent the opening of workshops and wholesale and retail stores for purposes of trade, and would also put an embargo upon the general running of freight trains on Sunday, it would prohibit the carrying of passengers either by steam or street cars. This is not bad from the standpoint of one who believes in paternalism in gov-ernment; but the Herald, without seeming to see its own inconsistency, proceeds to show that even this limited regulation of railroads is not necessary. It says :Š This is in effect the limitation that the railroads already observe. They run no more trains on Sunday than the proper convenience of their pa-trons require, and the special trains which are run upon Sundays during the summer monthsŠa serv-ice that the protestants before the railroad com-missioners ask to be cut off as constituting " cheap and coarse excursions "Šgive in the main a pleas-urable, healthy and reasonable change to many thousands of people who could not otherwise find the time to thus enjoy themselves. The railroad companies run a few trains on Sundays to distant points such as Chicago, New York, Portland and the like, but the other Sunday trains that they run are intended almost entirely for suburban travel, and afford opportunities for transportation which could not be cut off without serious detriment to all classes of our people, church-goers as well as others. We should say that if there was any fault to be found with the railroad companies with re-spect to their surburban train service on Sunday, it was that they did not run quite as many trains as the convenience of their patrons required, and that any change made should be in the direction of im-proving in this respect their facilities. There has been very little desire shown on their 'part to set Sunday rules at defiance, for most of the new trains that have been put on have been so placed at the earnest solicitation of those who were regularly to use them. The argument is that there are now no more Sunday trains than there should be because there are no more than are re-quired to meet the demands of the patrons of the roads. This amounts to about this, namely, that the people should be per-mitted to do as they please upon Sunday Šin the matter of using steam and street cars. This is correct; but why in that more than in other matters ? Why limit any legitimate business upon any day ? The whole thing resolves itself into this : If Sunday is a sacred day, and if it is the duty of the State to see that it is sacredly regarded by the people, then no consider-ations of convenience ought to enter into the matter at all, But if no such obliga- gether the magi from all the then known world to his city of Patalipootra. In this age they will do well to emulate the free spirit of King Piyadasa who enjoined Ł upon all in their discussions and lives to revere their own religion and abstain from reviling others. As a lineal delegate from this ancient Parliament of Religions, the Buddha Gaya-Maha-Bodhi Society of Calcutta sends its Secretary. If the mystic white-robed Buddhist represents faithfully the thought that has come down to him through the centuries it would be interesting indeed to hear his views upon " The Observance of Law " in reference to "The Need of a Religious Rest-day." Will this last Parliament of Religions remember and advocate the brotherhood of man, or only the sister- hood of religions ? W. H. M. 