704 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 9, 1899. As BETWEEN Sunday work and Sunday idleness, is there any ques-tion as to which will be the more productive of crime? THE man who cannot get to church because a Sunday newspaper is -thrown in his direction, will certainly never get far in the direction of heaven until be becomes better fitted to overcome spiritual obstacles. But a Sunday law will not qualify him in this respect. WAsEnloToN warned the nation against foreign entanglements; Jef-ferson wrote that all men are created -equal and have the same unalienable Irights; Abraham Lincoln said that tio man was good enough to govern another man without that other's consent, and that the doing of such a thing was despotism. It is not strange therefore that the advocates of foreign conquest, in their efforts to justify the same, never quote from these American authorities. HAVING inspected an advance copy of the World's Harvest Number of the Signs of the Times, we know that it cannot be too highly recommended for the instructive and timely mat-ter it contains, and that no one who peruses it will be disappointed in its -contents. It is certain to exceed your expectations. We believe it can be sold readily by almost any-one, and we hope it will have as wide a circulation as it deserves. See notice on p. 703. THE command to keep the Sab-bath is a command to sanctify one day of the week, and cannot there-fore be kept by sanctifying two days  of the week. Conscience tells an in-dividual that he should sanctifyŠor set apartŠa certain day of the week, by resting from his work, and the law, perchance, says that he must rest on a different day. Either,then, he must disregard the Sabbath com-mand bysanctifying two days of the week, or he must disregard his con-science by sanctifying a day he be-lieves to be the wrong one, or he must disregard the law of the land. Which shall he do? THE Supreme Court of Georgia, in a decision upon the case of Mr. A. J. Waters, of Gainesville, convicted for working on Sunday, sustained the verdict of the lower court from which the appeal was taken; thus upholding the Sunday law of that State. We learn, however, that a petitionfor pardon was circulated in Gainesville and liberally indorsed by the citizens; and when this was brought before Governor Candler, the latter promptly granted the pardon. We do not believe the peo-ple of the State of Georgia who knew of this case wanted to see Mr. Waters go to the chain-gang for an act in which he was conscientious, and to which objection could be taken only on religious grounds. And while they felt bound to uphold the Sun-day law (though it is only justice that can truly bind us), we believe the majority of them view this ter-mination of the case with satisfac-tion. As THE SENTINEL has much to say against the reform ideas of certain religious or semi-religious societies, large and small, which have now be-come quite numerous in the land, we wish to say also that its columns are open to representatives of these organizations for the presentation of their side of the questions dis-cussed, and we shall be pleased if any of them will avail themselves of this offer, in the interests of truth, stipulating only that they be able to state their views clearly and con-cisely, and within the limits of space  which the SENTINEL can afford to give. And we will be governed by the same rules in replying. We challenge no one, but we wish to be fair with all whose ideas we con-demn, and to show that we are con-tending not for our own advantage, but for the truth. THE St. Paul Globe (Minn.) com-plains (see p. 694) that the Presi-dent in his Thanksgiving proclama-tion has mixed his politics with reli-gion. It is evident that he has; but is this anything strange? As Presi-dent of the United States, Mr. Mc-Kinley is purely a political figure. And when, as such, he issues a reli-gious proclamation, what is to be expected but that in it politics and religion will get mixed together? And of course the President cannot be blamed for putting his own poli-tics in, in preference to the politics of others. WE are told that"a degradaton of morals usually follows a profanation of the Sabbath day." One would get the idea from this that the profana-tion of the Sabbath is the cause of the degradation of morals, instead of being as it really is, an effect of that degradation. There must first be a degradation of morals before there can be an immoral act; and therefore the profanation of the Sabbath, which is an immoral act, is not the source of the evil; and to reach that source the reformer must go back of Sabbath desecration. THE effect of religious legiidation upon the dissenter is _to force him either to give up his own religion, or to practise two religions at once. RELIGIOUS legislation and religious liberty may be likened to the lion and the lamb,Šthey cannot lie down together. THE law of God operates upon the heart through love; the law of man operates through fear. 