596 AMERICAN-  SENTINEL. Šwickedly, despotically, abominably. She herself be-came, the very "mistress of witchcraft and the mother of abominations." The professed church of Christ is again, to-day. sorely in need of power. She knows it. Again she has so far won the world that she finds herself in need of power to control the world which She has won. What now will she do? Already, on every hand, there are too many tokens of the disposition to go the full length of the first apos-tasyŠshe is grasping for the power of the world, she is seeking illicit connection with the State, she desires to rule the world with the, world's, power, she is giving evi-dence that she herself desires to be a  world power. —. But the power from on, high still, even to-day, awaits her demand and reception. There is as much of the Holy Spirit, as much of the power of the Holy Ghost, in the world to-day as there was at the close of the day of Pen-tecost long ago. And still the world cannot receive Him. Let'the church to day separate from the world and from all worldliness, and she can be endued with power from on high, she can be filled with the Holy GhoSt. He that believeth on me, saith the Lord, from his body "shall flow rivers of living water. But this spake he of the Spirit which they that believe on him should receive." Do you believe on Him? Then, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost," "whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you." "Ye are not of the world, even as I am not of the world. I have chosen you out of the world." "Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God." It is simply a choice that all people are free to make, whether they will have the spirit of the world or the Spirit of God. And all people are always making the choice. But Christians, by that very name, profess to have made the choice of the Spirit of God and not of the spirit of the world. And yet so many of them incline to the spirit of the world, defer to the world, and desire the favor and approval of the world, that it is impossible for the Spirit to witness with their spirit that they are the chil-dren of God. If the churches and religious organizations and com-binations in the United States would seek for the power from on high as earnestly as they seek the power of the police, of the courts, and of the world generally ; if they would petition God for the Holy Spirit as diligently as they petition Congress and the State legislatures for Sun-day laws, there would be such a reformation in religion as the world has never seen since the days of the first apostles, and the world would know of a surety that God sent Christ to be the Saviour of the world. Why will they not do it? To follow Christ and at the same time follow a polit-ical "boss," is as impossible as it is to serve God and mammon. And to eliminate the —"boss" from politics is equally impossible. But Christianity knows no "boss." A Call to Arms. ONE of the resolutions passed at the recent labor con_ vention in St. Louis, is the following:Š "Resolved, That no nation in which the people are totally disarmed can long remain a free nation, and therefore we urge upon all liberty-loving citizens to remember and obey Article II of the ConstitutiOn of the United States, which reads as follows: `The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be " The significance of this resolution, in a convent'on of the nature of that which assembled at St. Louis, cannot be misunderstood. In one of the speeches which preceded it, and which struck a responsive chord throughout the assembly, it was said that "civil liberty is dead in Amer-ica," that it was useless to appeal to the courts; and that the only appeal left was to the country; and that "we no longer have a republic; there is not a vestige of it left." Will the "return of prosperity" make the antagonistic forces of labor and capital feel any better disposed to-ward each other? If not, then it will do little to stay the progress of coming revolution. Will It Steer Clear ? THE New York Voice, in speaking of the growth of "Christian Endeavor," says:Š "So far the Christian Endeavor movement has es-caped the reaction which generally has followed such a marvelous and rapid growth in other organizations. Numerically it continues to be the greatest thing in mod-ern religious activity. Meeting a growing demand for less division and more union on the part of Christians, it has more than met the ardent expectations of its most ardent admirers. If it can steer clear of the rock on which moral organizations wreck their usefulness, and that pride in the mere power of numbers, its future days may be its best days in advancing the cause of Christ's king-dom in the'world." In every work in which the Endeavor movement fol-lows the example set by Him whom it recognizes ak Lord and Master, we wish it the fullest success. And what care , should be exercised by those entrusted with the leader ship of this great host, to prevent any departure from the path marked out by Him ! What care shouldŁ be taken to safeguardit from the wiles of unscrupulous men who have some political or religious axe to grind, and see in this movement a splendid opportunity to get pos_ session of the power required for their purposes. Will the Christian Endeavor host avoid becoming in_ toxicated by a realization of their own power? Will they remember that power and numbers do not constitute proof that their cause is either strong or right? For they only are on the side of strength and rightŠthey only are in the majorityŠwho are on the side of God. We hope so. But if they doŠif they "steer clear of 