g 2 Rin.23. 3. 2 Chr. 29. 10; 34. 31. Ezra 10.3. ch. 10.29. 2Heb. are at the sealing, horcias.ed. e.  31Ieb. at the sealmgs, ch. 9.38. a ch. 8. 9. 4 Or, the governor. b ch. 1.1. c See ch. 12. 1-21. 37 power 38 yet for all thisŠourŠour 9 namely, Jeshua etc. 14 chiefs 28 Nethinim,Špeoples--that 0 had Š (having) 30 peoples 31 peoples Š(it) Ša Š  forgo 33 mealŠ(an) 34 (the)Š(among)Što our fathers' houses, 35 manner of trees, 32 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Our New Premium bible Is A  "COMBINATION" BIBLE, Which means the blending of both old and new 'versions in one volume without increasing the size, and which is highly prized by those using it. Another valuable feature is the "Self-Pronouncing," which enables anyone to read the hard Scripture names without difficulty.   are the Large Clear Type, the Copious Teachers' HelpsŠembracing among other things, sixty-four illustrations, fifteen splendid clear Maps, Concordance, Subject Index, Vocabulary of Proper Names and Foreign Words with their Meaning, etc. Other points of excellence This Bible is bound in Tampico Morocco, Divinity Circuit, Leather Lined to Edge, Round Corners, Red under Gold Edges, Silk Headband, Silk Marker. Price of this Bible as Regularly Listed = $8.00. Our Offer: THIS FINE BIBLE, POSTPAID, and the " AMERICAN SENTINEL," ONE YEAR, ONLY $3.50. The Bible may be sent to one address, the " SENTINEL " to another. This offer is extended to all, old as well as new subscribers. To any one sending eight new subscriptions, with $8.00, we will present a copy of this Bible as a gift. IMF" For 25 cents extra we will mark on the Bible in gold letters any name desired. Our Object is tdo intctrease tkhe subscriptitoin lislt off  the  the B  "AMERICAN.bI SENTINEL," to give our patrons a benefit, an o e money on e e This Bible makes a most acceptable gift to a husband, to a wife, to a child, to a parent, to a more distant relative, to anyone. SPECIMEN OF TYPE USED. They that sealed the covenant. NELlinVIIMEE, X. The points of the covenant.. a they have "'dominion over our bod- B. C. 445. all they that had separated them- I hies, and over our cattle, at their plea- f  Dent. 28. selves from the "people of the lands 4 sure, and we are in great distress. 38 And " because of all this we 4g make a sure covenant, and write it; hand our princes, "Lelvites, and W."' priests, 'seal unto it. The names of them that sealed the covenant, 29 The points of the covenant. Now.  3  those that sealed were, a NS-he-mrah, 4  the Tiesha-al the.. b the son of Hach-a-Wah, and A Zfd-ki'jah, 4 2 c S6r-arifah, Az-a-rifah, ah' a  3 PAshitir, Mil-chilah, A 4 Haft-fish, 4 5 HA'rim, Mee-moth, 0-ba-dllah, d6 DAnliel, GInIn5-thon, 7 Me-shWlam, CHAPTER X. unto the law of God, their wives, their sons, and their daughters, every one 0 ry having knowledge, and "having understanding; 29 They clave to their brethren, 3, their nobles, sand -entered into a 0 curse, and into an oath, Ato walk in c0 God's law, which was given 5  by Mot- 0 seg the servant of God, and to ob-serve and do all the commandments 0 of the LORD our LORD, and his judg-ments and his statutes ; 30 And that we would not give our (3 daughters unto the "people of the 0 land, nor take their daughters for 3 OW SOW : 31 h And if the "people of the land 3 bring ware or any victuals on the 0 sabbath day to, sell, that we would not 3 Wilmington, Del., Nov. 10, 1897. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO.: Š I have been using the S. S. Teachers' Combination Bible nearly two years. Am more pleased with it daily. The Revised Version feature of it is "just the thing." and if I was going to purchase a Bible tomorrow, yon may depend upon it I would purchase "The S. S. Teachers' Self-Pronouncing Combination Bible. Sincerely yours, JOHN F. JONES. Waupon, Wis., Oct. 28, 1897. The Premium Bible just at hand. Many thanks for your promptness. As numerous words would fail to fully express our. satis-faction, we will only-  pause to inform you that we are more, far more than satisfied. Sincerely and respectfully, G. H. COMMOVE. DON'T lvII$$ IT. Send money by Postal Order, Express Order, or Bank Draft on New York, drawn payable to the undersigned. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO Ł 9 39 Bond St., New York. 