"equal and exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or persuasion, religious or Political." VOLUME 8, NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 14, 1893. NUMBER 36. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, .1 CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. WILLIAM H. MC KEE. BY proofs abundant it has been shown in these columns, and demonstrated in their own actions, that the professed Prot-estant churches of the United States are completely apostate, and are joined in principles and in practice to Rome. THIS is the literal truth in regard to these churches. It is true of them as churches as they stand, in organizations, in influence, in leadership and in manage-ment. There are however noble instances of individuals in those churches who have refused to go to Rome, and have protested and still continue to protest against this apostasy. Ł THUS there are in those churches indi-viduals who still remain Protestant and Christian, for which we sincerely thank the Lord. And as these churches, in their leadership and management, have not only gone over to Rome, but have ac-tually carried the United States Govern-ment with them and propose now to use the power of the Government to compel all others to pay honor and allegiance to Rome too, it is evident that as these indi-viduals remain Protestant and Christian their protest will become more decided and more emphatic and consequently their numbers will certainly grow. And for this too we sincerely thank the Lord. IF these church misleaders and misman-agers had carried only the churches with them in their apostasy, this in itself would have been bad enough; but when this was made the means of subverting the Government of the United States and carrying it also over to Rome, the evil of their apostasy was infinitely increased. Because they are not the only ones who will now use the power of the Govern-ment for the purposes of religious oppres-sion and despotism. If they were the only ones who would use the governmental  power for such apostate purposes, this would be bad enough, in all conscience; but having delivered the Government over to Romish principles, Rome herself, too, will use the governmental power for pur-poses of oppression. She will not only use these professed but apostate Protest-ants as puppets to accomplish her ulterior purposes, but as occasion demands, she will act directly and with her old-time energy. THAT it may be further seen how di-rectly opposed are the principles of Rome and those of the Government of the United States as the Government was made and as it was intended by our fathers to re-main, we cite here three " errors " which are condemned under " anathema " by the "infallible" decree of Rome speaking, ex cathedra, through Pope Pius IX. One of these " errors " is thatŠ Every man is free to embrace and profess the religion he shall believe true, guided by the light of reason. ŠRome and the Newest Fashions in Religion, by Gladstone and Schaff, p. 113. Now, although this is a condemned error by Rome, yet everybody knows that this very thing is one of the very fundamental principles of the Government of the United States. ANOTHER of these " errors " is thatŠ The Church has not the power of availing herself of force, or of any direct or indirect temporal power. ŠId., p. 115. Everybody, even Rome herself, knows that this, too, is one of the very founda-tion principles of the Government of the United States as our fathers established it. Yet another of these condemned "errors" is thatŠ The Church ought to be separated from the State, and the State from the Church. ŠId., p. 133. It is hardly proper to say that this is a fundamental principle, it is THE funda-mental principle, the very foundation of the foundation of the Government of the United States as it was originally estab-lished. And it was made so with the direct purpose of keeping away from Rome. For the makers of this Govern-said thatŠ To judge for ourselves, and to engage in the ex-ercises of religion agreeably to the dictates of our own consciences, is an inalienable right, which upon the principles on which the gospel was first  propagated, and the reformation from popery car-ried on, can never be transferred to another. And they further said :Š It is impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith without creating a claim to infallibility which would lead us back to the Church of Rome Now, although the principles of Rome and the principles of the Government of the United States are directly opposite to each other ; although the fundamental principles of the Government of the United States are condemned as " errors " under " anathema " by Rome; and although the Government was established upon these principles for the direct and expressed purpose of escaping and keeping away from Rome ; yet, in spite of all this, the professed Protestant churches of the United States have subverted the princi-ples of the Government of the United States, and have adopted and forced upon the Government and people of the United States the principles of Rome. There churches have adopted Rome's view that the Church has the power of availing herself of force and of direct temporal power, and they have asserted this power and have availed themselves of this force. Instead of maintaining the American and Protestant and Christian principle that " the Church ought to be separated from the State, and the State from the Church," these professed Protestants have adopted Rome's principle and have joined the State to the churches to do their bidding and to enforce their decrees even by armed force. They have also required the Con-gress of the United States to adjudge the right of preference between different sects that profess the Christian faith, and this, too, in spite of the warning given by our governmental fathers that it "is impossi-ble" to do such a thing without leading "back to the Church of Rome." They have set up and accepted the Congress of the United States as authoritative inter-preter of the Scriptures, in spite of the faithful warning bequeathed by the suf-ferings of ages that "the establishment of a tribunal charged with the interpre-tation of the Bible had ended only in the subjection of man to man in that which should be most unfetteredŠconscience and faith," They have abandoued, every 