248 AMERICAN SENTINEL. towards the end of the frame. Not for worlds would she betray emotion, but there is something touchingly suggestive in the keen intentness with which she searches the lists of wounded. The foremost of the throng in-stinctively make way for her as, unconscious of the interest her presence creates, she makes her way along the line eagerly scanning the grim lists. Then she goes with a quick step into the clerk's room, and you may see the flutter of a white handkerchief as she raises it to her eyes. Here is a father come to learn the latest news of his boy, some young lieutenant, perhaps, wounded at Glen-coe or Elands Laagte. The father is an old officer him-self, and the orderlies on duty salute as he marches past them: He is away for five minutes, and when he returns from interviewing the clerks, his face is white and hard. But it is not for him to show emotion. The Queen's service demands much sacrifices, and though his father's heart may bleed, no one shall read upon his face that he grudges the sacrifice of his son And then, perhaps, like a soldier, he will reflect that it is all the fortune of war. The scenes at Winchester House are far more poign-ant, because the actors in them give unrestrained expression to their emotions. Women are here.  from Aldershot, Hounslow, Woolwich; indeed, from all the camps within easy distance of London. They cry softly to themselves in the corridors, and will spend hours and hours about the building waiting for further news of the loved ones away in Africa. Those who know that the worst has happened go away with their sorrow, but the majority who have friends and relatives on the wounded list cannot be persuaded to leave. Incessant and persistent in their anxious inquiries, they nevertheless meet with the tenderest consideration at the hands of the,clerical staff. This is the reverse side of the medalŁ of war, the aftermath. A common-sorrow, a shared anxiety unites all classes. The general's wife, the colonel's lady stand side by side with the sergeant's "missus" and the wife not on the strength of the regiment before these dreaded lists. And you may see in Pall Mall many kindly womanly offices of condolence and pity discharged. Alike to those who have lost and to those who go as sympathetic spectators the scene is harrowing, at times even agonizing. BEFORE the ministerial union of Richmond, Va., recently, the Rev. J. B. Hawthorne read a paper denying the right of the civil authorities to enforce an obser-vance of the Christian Sabbath. He declared further that he did not recognize the right of the President nor of the governor to call upon the people to observe Thanksgiving day. Their Thanksgiving proclamaŁ tions should be regarded merely as suggestions, and nothing more. Changing the Presbyterian Creed. A MOVEMENT has been begun in the Presbyterian Church to secure a revision of the"Confess'on of Faith." A press dispatch dated at Little Falls, N. Y., April 10, gives this report:Š "The Utica Presbytery, in session here, was thrown into a turmoil to-day by an address from the Rev. Dr. Taylor, of Clinton, formerly pastor of the Presbyterian Church in Rome, who advocated the elimination from the Confession of Faith of paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. and 7 of chapter 3. "These p-tragraphs cover the doctrine of election and reprobation, for the repudiation of which Dr. Hillis of Brooklyn resigned from the Chicago Presbytery. The Rev. R. W. Brokaw, pastor of the First Presbyterian Church of Utica, supplemented Mr. Taylor's address by saying the session of his church had passed resolutions to change the objectional paragraphs. A resolution to eliminate the paragraphs was referred to the committee on bills and overtures." It seems to be felt by thinking men in the Presbyte-rian Church that the time has come when the discarding of some of the doctrines so dear to John Calvin and men of similar mind, is absolutely necessary to the church's prosperity; and they are right, at least as far as they go. The creed of Calvin's day is not suited to this day. Its effect is simply to drive out the more enlightened and honest minds on the charge of heresy. As one observer has said: "With all the heretics driven out, there should be nothing to disturb the serenity of the members left within the fold, or their admiration for one another. If this thing continues, however, the Presbyterian Church will sometime find itself in a death-like intellectual stillness." The bars of the creed ought to be let down, and no others erected in their place. A creed is a barrier to truth, but cannot be a boundary of truth. In follow-ing the pathway of truth, men must sooner or later run up against this barrier, and then there is trouble in the church. The creed may be enlargedŠits boundaries extended beyond their former placeŠbut they cannot be so extended as to enclose the truth, for the truth of God is infinite." Men must either stand still within the creed, which would mean spiritual death, or pass over the boundaries of the creed in the course of their prog-ress to the heights of divine knowledge. The only proper creed for the Christian Church is the Word of God. That Word, we are divinely told,"is not bound." It can neither be bound by human might, nor bounded by human wisdom. I ANTICIPATE a riot of materialism, of mammonism and capitalism and speculation in Cuba and Porto Rico. If we take Cuba and Porto Rico we must govern them despotically. That is the only way they can be governed by us.ŠProf A. M. Wheeler, of Yale College. 