AMERICAN SENTINEL. '341 not do this? Instead of yielding and catering and cring-ing to the world and worldly customs, and looking to the world for life and sustenance, let men be taught "that man doth not live by bread only, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of the Lord doth man live." Let them be taught the faith, the manly independence, and the Christian courage expressed in the following stanza:Š "Dare to be right ! dare to be true Foes may be many, and friends may be few. Truth and her champions oft stand alone, What's a man good for without a backbone? " If the present blessing in keeping the Sabbath and the final reward for obedience are not sufficient to compen-sate for whatever sacrifice or inconvenience they may en-tail in this life, then the Sabbath is not worth keeping at all. But we hold a very different view. Love Does Not Rule by Force. BY H. F. PHELPS. CHRISTIANITY, pure and simple, is founded in love; therefore true Christianity does not rule by force; for true love does not rule by force. Love governs by its own inherent power. There is a power in true love, when once recognized and allowed access to the soul, that will subdue the most stubborn heart. And love thus recog-nized will be obeyed through its own influence, from the very love begotten of love. A resort to force would be a denial of love's own existence, and a proof that love was not love. And so when that which may be called Chris-tianity resorts to force for the maintenance and observ-ance of its institutions, it is a positive proof that such is not Christianity at all, but only a perversion of Chris-tianity. "God is love," and being such, cannot govern by force. He cannotŠabsolutely cannotŠcoerce His crea-tures into obedience. He cannot, because such force, such compulsion, is not God, is not in God, is not of God. And if any being claiming to be God, should use force in secur-ing obedience to his mandates, that very act would prove his claim to the Godhead to be false. And if the mighty God should compel his subjects to obedience, the act would be the most positive proof that God is not love, and that love was not the motive power of His govern-ment. It would prove that tyranny was the power be-hind the throne, and that God is a tyrant. All of which is the most positive proof that in any age of the world, whether during the Dark Ages, or in the closing decade of century nineteen, those who seek to enforce the insti-tutions of religion, are not actuated by the spirit of love, the true spirit of Christianity. They may think that they are, but they are most terribly mistakened. Christ says of himself, "I have finished the work thou gayest me to do. . . . I have declared thy name unto them thou gayest me." And "God is love." And his  name is declared to be "The Lord God, merciful,gracious,. longsuffering, and abundant in goodness and truth, keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin, and that will by no means clear the guilty." This is God. Such is the name of God..  And Christ declared that name in all his teachings, and by every act in life and in his death. It was for this pur-pose that the name of the Father might be declared before men, that Christ came into the world. Again Christ says: "As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I sent them into the world." There-fore as it was the work of Christ to declare that name of love, so it is the work of the believer to declare that same name. As Christ did declare that name by his life and by his death, even so the believer will declare that name or love by his life. This will be so, for it will be Christ in them, dwelling in their hearts by faith, Christ in them declaring that same name of love. And as surely as this is so, so surely will they voice the invitation of Christ, even the voice of entreaty, "Come unto me;" and "Who-soever will, let him come." As the voice of entreaty was heard in the Master, so will the true believer entreat and persuade men to be reconciled to God. As the Master did not appeal to force, they will not do so. As surely as Christ did declare that name of love, so surely he did not appeal to the civil courts to enforce his teachings, which were but a representation of that name. This he could not do and be true to the name itself. This being soŠand that it is so no one can disputeŠit will be equally true that the true disciple, the true believer in Christ and in the work of Christ, being actuated by the Spirit of the Master, can no more appeal to the power of the civil law to enforce the teachings of Christ than did the Master himself. All this because it is not in love to do such a thing. It is not in God the Father to do it, it is not in Christ to do it, and it is not in the children of God even to attempt it, for the very reason that all these are actuated by the same spirit of love. And in this is seen the fulfillment of the prayer of Christ, "That they may be one in us." 00.411,4‚  The Pope's Army. " Present Truth," London, Eng. THE pope's kingdom, unlike Christ's, is altogether of this world, and hence do his servants fight. An Italian paper says that he has just reorganized his personal forces. The worst of it is that his influence is able some-times to set greater armies in motion than this little one which guards the Vatican and keeps up the semblance of his temporal sovereignty. This alone, however, ought to teach his followers that the papacy is an antichristian power. An evening paper, quoting from the Italian Cath-olic journal, thus describes the army:Š "It is divided into five separate bodies, which are known as the Noble Guard, the Swiss Guard, the Palatine Guard, the Gendarmes, and the Fire Brigade. The first 