28 THE _A.1VIERICAN SENTINEL able to see the point. And if they believe their own assertion, that it is impossible for people in different longitudes to all observe the same day, we shall expect them from this time on to confine their operations to one particular longitude, which, since longitude has no width at all, will relieve not only California but every other place in the wide world from all danger of their -unchristian work. Thus the American Sabbath Union has once more sawed off the limb on mrhich it sits, and annihilated every excuse for its own existence. This is characteristic of error. If they were preaching the truth, and their cause were just, their arguments would not collide with, and destroy one another. Truth never cuts its own throat, but error will generally stab itself half the time if it has a fair chance. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. The Authority Questioned. NOTING the declaration of the Roman Catholic Council of Baltimore on Sunday observance, Rabbi Mendes of this city, very pertinently says :Š " Without going over to the Judaic Sab-bath !" Did these learned men understand the phrase? Did it occur to them that perhaps they would be more consistent Christians if, they did "go over" to the Judaic Sabbath? The Judaic Sabbath is the Sabbath of the seventh day. Not one priest in all that vast assemblage, not one layman there, could have given or could to-day give one sound reason why the Founder of Christianity should be by them slighted as he is by the institution of the Sunday Sabbath! For he himself kept the seventh-day Sabbath, truly not with extremist or puritanic rigor, but as a sa-cred day, as the Sabbath, the only Sabbath that he knew of. He himself ordained the continuance of the seventh-day Sabbath when he commanded, "Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or tittle shall in no wise pass from the law," and the fourth com-mandment of that law ordains the seventh-day Sabbath. If, as we are told by no less an authority than Bishop Taylor, among a thousand others : _"The primitive church kept both the Sabbath and the Sunday till the time of the Laodicean Council, about three hun-dred years after the birth of the Founder of Christianity; " if,- as another authority, such as Paley, among a myriad of others, asserts : "There is not a single instance re-corded in the Christian Scriptures of the Sunday having in the time of the apostles been observed as a prayer day," and, " Those Scriptures contain no evidence from which we can even infer a custom among the Christians of that period so to observe it,"Šif, in spite of these facts our Christian brethren choose to institute a Sunday Sabbath they make free to do so, but they thus defy their own origin of  action and of being. It is no. New Testa-ment command they thus obey; and above all they may not hold up as a something to be steered clear of "the Judaic Sab-bath," since it is the Sabbath which alone has Old or New Testament authority, and which the Founder of their faith kept and bade his followers keep. Marriage a Civil Contract. THE pulpit and press, to a greater or less extent; in various parts of the country, are decrying the shamefulness of the fact that the State allows so many divorces; and, as does Dr. Schaff in his "Church and State in the United States," (page 69), call for "a reform of legislation in conformity to the law of Christ." But any such "refor-mation" would be most decidedly a de-formation. The precepts of the gospel of Christ, as Jefferson says in his disquisition on Christianity and the common law, were " intended by their benevolent Author as obligatory only in foro conscienticc."* And to enforce them by civil law is a shameful usurpation on the part of the State, and reflects dishonor upon Christ; for obe-dience to his precepts is to come from the heart, not to be a compulsory or a super-ficial and hypocritical obedience. It is no more the duty of the State to enforce the " law of Christ" on the question of divorce than it is to enforce the law of Christ on self-defense, which says, " Whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also;" or the law of Christ on unjust prosecutions, which says, "And if any man will sue thee at the law, and take away thy coat, let him have thy cloak also ;" or of restriction of liberty, which says, "And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him twain." Think what a model Government (?) we would have, if, when a man came into court who had been struck on the side of the head, the Court should say, "It is a shame that in a Christian country like this our courts should be filled with cases of prosecutions for assault and battery; we will not give you redress; we will afford you no relief whatever; you should, when you are as-saulted, turn to the aggressor the other cheek, as the law of Christ says; and that law will be enforced by this Court!" The absurdity of thus enforcing this precept of Chiist must be evident to all. But it is equally absurd to enforce the law of Christ on the question of divorce. Even the theocracy which punished Sab-bath-breaking by death, and which was ruled by God himself, did not attempt to do it; much less should a secular govern-ment attempt to enforce religious ethics. The churches and would-be reformers of the land should work to remove the causes for divorce, not to prevent divorce when the causes exist. It should be remembered * See "American State Papers," page 187; or appendix to " Reports of Cases Determined in the General Court of Virginia, from 1780 to 1740, and from 1768 to 1772, by Thomas Jefferson," page 142. that government is to enforce justice, not the religious teachings of some sect; that it is to preserve equality, not to give pref-erence to any cult whatever; that it is to protect the rights and interests of individ-uals, not to enforce some person's ideal of ethics or philosophy. In the Forum of September, 1890, Mr. M. J. Savage, treating on this question, truly says :Š One of the most needed, as it is one of the most difficult, of all reforms, is that which aims at having the State mind its own business. This includes two thingsŠletting alone what is not its business, and really minding what is. In the light of legal his-tory, one of the most curious things is the still sur-viving popular faith in mere laws as means for pre-venting evil and accomplishing good. The statute-books of even our young country are chiefly old lumber-rooms. But beyond this, and more mis-chievous still, is the fact that the State is continually legislating concerning things that are beyond the limits not only of its rightful, but even of its pos-sible, jurisdiction. Many of its attempts are as im-practicable as would be a legal interference with the force of gravity. Should Congress enact laws con-cerning things in India, all the world would smile. But not our country only, nearly all countries, are still passing laws that imply a claim of jurisdiction over other worlds and other states of existence. They are passing lhws that attempt to deal with inner conditions of consciousnessŠwith metaphys-ical subtleties over which philosophers and ecclesi-astics are still wrangling. People want laws passed not only for the protection of life and property, and for securing good conduct here and now, but they want laws the causes of which are supposed to come from other worlds, and for ends which issue only in other worlds. In brief, they are continually con-founding the functions of the priest, the preacher, the philosopher, or the metaphysician with those of the legislator. Unreasonable as this may seem to be, the causes Of it are easily traced. Originally, all governments were theocracies. The gods were but supernatural chiefs, clothed by superstitious imaginations with unknown and therefore awful powers. Whether their representatives were priest or king, their sup-posed will superseded all other considerations. Even now, it is only here and there, and very slowly, that any of the nations are beginning to put consid-erations of human well-being in place of barbaric traditions of assumed authorities. Perhaps the larger part of all the governments of the past has been dic-tated by considerations supposed to emanate from other worlds and issue in them. And precisely this part of all government has always been the most cruel and the most unjust. We are slowly reaching a point at last where the most civilized people are beginning to see, with at least partial clearness, that the functions of the State should be limited to the practical matters of conduct in this life, and to their bearing on the lib-erties and rights of men as citizens. The philos-ophers may reason of ethical origins and principles, and of supersensual sanctions. The metaphysicians may specplate as to transcendental causes and results. Theologians may theorize as to what was in " the mind of God," of which actual facts are only a par-tial expression. For my present purpose, I question neither the right nor the wisdom of these things. But the point I wish to make is this, that, whether true or false, they do not concern the State as such. As evidence of the fact that "we are slowly reaching a point at last where the most civilized people are beginning to see, with at least partial clearness, that the functions of the State should be limited to the practical matters of this life," the evo-lution of this question itself might be cited. Marriage was once quite generally regarded 