THE SENTINEL OE LIBERTY.. 573 THE following notice appeared recently in the Mount Vernon (Ky.) Signal: " The colored people will have a rally at the Court House the fourth Sunday in this month for the purpose of "raising money to No. a Baptist church. Two ladies, who will be and 2, will run a medal race. Everybody is asked to contribute to this cause." Suppose the rally had been for some " secular " purpose, just think what would have happened! wst WHEN somebody commits a crime, which possi-bly results in the loss of a human life, the proper course to pursue is to gather the residents of the neighborhood and take immediate vengeance upon him, at the cost of several more lives taken in as-saulting his place of refuge or confinement. This is the wisdom (!) of the mob spirit. AT a recent church fair in a small city the receipts aggregated over four thousand dollars, which were mostly gained in unfair competition with the town merchants. A dealer who succumbed to solicitations to give five pairs of shoes saw them marked at less than cost, and affirms that he was afterward twitted over his own counter because he charged more than the bazaar saleswoman. There are several sides to church fairs, and all are bad.ŠYouth's Companion. . POOR PORTO RICO. From the Chicago Journal. THE Diario de Porto Rico tells a melancholy tale of the political condition of the natives of that island. . . . Without knowing whether all of the Diario' s statements are fact, it may be said that there is no reason for doubting 'them. They read like facts, at least. Porto Rico, it says, enjoys less of civil liberty now than it had under Spanish rule. Formerly Porto Ricans elected three senators and sixteen rep-resentatives to the congress of Spain, now they have one delegate in Washington without a vote. For-merly they had a council of secretaries, whose reso-lutions were always sanctioned by the governor, now they have an executive council, chiefly com-posed of persons who were not born in the island, and enjoy no standing whatever in it, and who will naturally interest themselves more for the country  appointing them than for the region meeting their salaries. Spite of the heavy taxes exacted by Spain the island always had a surplus revenue, now it faces a deficit of a million dollars, due largely, no doubt, to the effects of the hurricane. Yet Congress voted more than two millions to the island when the tariff bill was pending. ""We have been granted nothing of what we were promised," says the Diario, which, making all allowance for exaggeration, is uncom-fortably close to the facts. The grievances of the Porto Ricans are set forth as a reason why they ab-stained from joining in the celebration of the anni-versary of the union with the United States. .4 .4 CIVILIZATION puts on the veneer of respectability, but Ch'ris'tianity alone can change the character. THAT MAP OF CHINA Makes known facts relative to current history which will both interest and instruct you; and you can se-cure it without cost by remitting one dollar for a ,year's subscription to THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. Old subscribers are not debarred. We will advance you a full year in recognition of the one dollar, and will mail the map to you, securely encased in a mail-ing tube, postage prepaid. Hence, whether you are a subscriber or not, you can have this map and THE SENTINEL a full year for one dollar. Renew you subscription now, and secure the sub-scriptions of your neighbors and friends while these maps can,  be obtained. This offer is good only to October i. See announcement, page 574. ' Bibles and Bibles Bagster, International, and Oxford Bibles. Also Luther's German Bibles. Wholesale and Retail. Catalogue Sent Free. Pacific Press Publishing Company, 18 W. Fifth St., Kansas City, Mo. 