AMERICAN SENT IN EL. 341     do nothing (in a legislative capacity), that would have any bearing on religious opinions. "A large number of people, in concert, have petitioned Congress to stop the transportation of the mail on Sun-day; because they believe in their consciences that Sunday should be kept holy and free from all servile labor. The report of the Committee of the Senate, last session, on the petition, is replete with candor and strength of argu-ment; the radical parts of which never have and never can be confuted; but still it has not put the matter to rest. New memorials are to be presented to CongressŠirreligion is trumpetedŠand the learning and religion of the petitioners are to outweigh all opposition. "The Constitution of the United States is a charter of powers granted and rights maintained; among all the enumerated powers given to Congress, there is none that authorizes them to determine which day of the year or week the people shall abstain from labor or travel.ŠShould they therefore make such a powerless law, it would be unconstitutional. There are many thousands in the United States, who conscientiously keep the sev-enth day of the week 'for Sabbath. Should Congress stop the transportation of the mail on the seventh day, and continue it on Sunday, what would the petitioners say? Would they not complain of a partiality shown to the Sabbatarians, to the grief of the Sundarians? It amounts to nothing to say, 'there is a majority that prefer the observance of Sunday to any other day,' for minorities have unalienable rights, which ought not, and cannot, be surrendered to government. The God we adoreŠthe worship we pay him, and the times of performing that worship, are articles not within the compass of any Gen-tile legislature. The design of civil government, which is to protect the livcs, liberty, and property, of the many units which form the whole body, is every way answered without that surrender. Government should defend the rights of the religionists (as citizens), but all religious opinions of none. If the petitioners are secured in their persons and rights, why should they desire more? Their consciences can never be charged with guilt for what others do; for conscience belongs alone to the home de-partment. Why should they wish to stretch and top off (like Procrustes) and bring all to their standard.? The driving of a carriage will neither terrify them nor break their devotion; for many of them are drivers to the places of their devotion. If sabbatical laws are necessary to gov-ern the people on Sunday, and keep them from all busi-ness but religious duties, why not make a law to prevent Sunday schools; for there is no greater relation between education and religion, than there is between traveling and religion. Paul and his company and baggage, were five days traveling by water from Phillipi to Troas. In Troas they tarried seven days, the last of which was the first day of the week: of course one of the five days was Sunday; and yet there was no law of conscience, or law of Congress, to prevent them from transporting them-selves and goods on Sunday. "Should Congress indulge the petitioners, and pass a law to stop the transportation of the mail on every Sun-day, it would be a nest egg for themselves and for others. Encouraged by success, they would next proceed to have the days of Christmas and Easter, and their associations and synods exempted in the same way, and where would it end? The Sabbatarians with the Jews (finding Congress flexible), would, with equal right, claim a law to sanctify Saturday for their convenience. Whenever a legislature legalize holy-days, creeds of faith, forms of worship, or pecuniary reward for religious services, they intrude into the kingdom of Christ, and impeach the wisdom of the divine law giver (for not knowing how), or his goodness, for not giving ALL laws in his government. The deadly pill, at first, will always be rolled in honey. The honor of religionŠthe spread of the gospelŠthe piety and re-search of the reformerŠthe good of societyŠthe safety of the state, and the SALVATION OF SOULS, form the syrup in which the poisonous pill is hidden. It is from men, high in esteem of holiness and wisdom, that the worst of usages and most cruel laws proceed; for base characters defeat their own wishes. The heart of King Asa was per-fect all his days; yet he oppressed some of the peopleŠwas mad at a seer who reproved himŠand made a law, that whosoever would not seek the Lord, should be put to death. "Admit of the principle that religion is an institute of state policy, and the people hold their liberty by the tenure of the will of the legislature; which is very change-ableŠoften corrupt, and many times very cruel. Admit of the principle, and you approve of that which has reared an inquisition and drenched the earth with blood. "Many plead for an equality of all Christian societies, and plead as strongly that they should become bodies politic, and be supported by the civil law. If this is proper for Christian societies, it is as proper for Jews, Pagan, or Mahomedan societies; but the liberty con-tended for, should be guaranteed to each individual, as his inalienable right, which cannot be meddled with, without usurpation in the rulers, which turns them to tyrants. "Those who wish to call in the strong arm of law to defend their opinions, give evidence that they have not logical reasoning, on moral and religious subjects, to support their weak dogmas. "I am sorry that Congress have committed themselves' by a precedent of giving their chaplains a legal reward for religious services. How preposterous the sound IŠA far-fetched construction supports it. The law of reason and revelation enjoins a reward to the laborer; but if Congress should reward the chaplains with their own contributions, it would look more like simple Christian-ity. The people at large, have none of the devotion or instruction of the chaplains; nor any voice in electing them; why then should they be taxed where they are not represented? The chaplain who would not attend, on request, and trust to the promise of Christ, and the be-nevolence of his friends for his reward, without legal ob-ligation, would be selling his prayers for money and turn-ing the gospel into merchandize. The thing here spoken of, is a small moiety which the nation can never feel; but trace it to its root and it contains that principle which is so pernicious in the world; and is now used as a stirrupŁ by the petitioners to mount the steed and ride down the people. "In all other respects Congress has been cautious and wise in every thing that has any bearing on conscience and religious rights; and even in this particular they have made the best of a bad; for they have shown no partial-ity to sects or sentiments in their elections. "I have written a long epistle, but it is not likely that I ever shall write any more; for'my age advises me that the time of my departure is near. "Yours, with respect, "JOHN LELAND." 