AMERICAN-  SEi\TTINTE±,. 57 in the Senate. Inasmuch as this bill was a " Christian " measure for the purpose of preparing the way of the Lord, it was but consistent that "Christians" be chosen to introduce the bill. After consultation and conference, the church leaders selected Congressman W. C. P. Breck-inridge, a member of an honored and influential religious body of the South, to introduce the bill in the House. Subsequent developments revealed the fact that Mr. Breckinridge was at that time sadly lacking in true Christian virtue. These same people who selected this man to champion their Christian Citizenship scheme now speak of him, even after he professes repentence, as "that infamous old libertine named Breckinridge." Now, did these people, when they selected this mem-ber of a Christian church to champion their " Christian " bill,Šdid they know that he was what they now term him, an "infamous old libertine." If they did they are no better than he was. If they did not, then it is clearly demonstrated that these Christian Citizenship lead-ers cannot discern between a Christian and an "infa-mous old libertine." And as surely as they are not able to discern be-tween a Christian and a libertine, just so surely will their movement drive out of public office self-respecting and honest diS-senters who will not be hypocrites, and invite in-to office such as are wil-ling to put on a Christian cloak for the sake of the spoils of office. This has always been the result of uniting Church and State, or showing government-al favor to any system of religion. It resulted thus when "Christian Citizenship" controlled affairs in the days of Constantine. Of the hypocrisy engendered by`that Christian Citi-zenship, John Wesley, the founder of Methodism, in ex-plaining the comparative absence of the manifestation of the Holy Spirit in the Christian Church of the third,  century, says :Š " It does not appear that these extraordinary gifts of the Holy Ghost were common in the Church for more than two or three centuries. We seldom hear of them after that fatal period when the Emperor Constantine called himself a Christian, and from a vain imagination of promoting the Christian cause thereby, heaped riches and power and honor upon the ChriStians in general, but in particular upon the Christian clergy. From this time they almost totally ceased. . . . The cause of this was not because there was no more occasion for them. . . The real cause was `the love of many,' almost all Chris-tians (so-called), was `waxed cold.' The Christians had  no more of the spirit of Christ than the other heathen. . . . This was the Feel cause why the extraordinary gifts were no longer to be found in the Christian Church; because the Christians were turned heathen again, and had only a dead form left."ŠQuoted in debates of O. L. Sutliff with Prynne, p. 68. In answer to the idea that the kingdom of God was established on earth by the success of Constantine's Christian citizenship schemes, JohnWesley used this strong but truthful language:Š "A wonderful instance of spiritual blindness is given us in a very,celebrated work of a late eminent writer, who supposes that the New Jerusalem came down from heaven when Constantine called himself a Christian! I say called himself a Christian, for I dare not affirm that he was one any more than Peter the Great. I cannot but believe he would have come near the mark if he had said that it was the time when a huge cloud of infer-nal brimstone and smoke came up from the bottomless pit"Š Wesley' s Sermon's, vol. 2, p. 97. From these quotations it is plain that John Wes-ley considered that cloth-ing Christians in general, and the Christian clergy in particular, with civil power, instead of "prepar-ing the way of the Lord" really prepares the way of the prince of the bot-tomless pit; and that those who cannot seethat this is so furnish a " won-derful instance of spiritual blindness." According to John Wesley, we have in the Christian Citizenship movement which seeks to [From the Outlook.] "prepare the way of the Lord " by electing only to office, a "wonderful instance of spiritual blindness." John Wesley saw clearly the wickedness of such movements. Would that those who now revere his memory could havetheir eyes annointed that they might see. Before the day of Pentecost, the disciples asked for political office in the political kingdom which they sup-posed their Master had come to establish (Mark 10: 36, 37); and for power to punish those who rejected Him whom they thought to be head of that kingdom (Luke 9: 56). But the outpouring of the Holy Spirit dissolved all their Christian Citizenship schemes, and their message was "repent . . . and ye shall receive the Holy Ghost" (Acts 2:38). "Add to your [not to your neighbor's by human law] faith, virtue, and to virtue knowledge . . for so an entrance shall be administered unto you abun-dantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ." JOHN WESLEY. - Christians 