236 AMERICAN SENTINEL. would it be in order for us to ask Mr. Carleton a few questions in regard to this Lord's day bill? "CRAIRMAN.ŠCertainly; be free. "MR . HUFFMAN.ŠMr. Carleton, if I rightly understand the bill which you have presented, it is to procure if pos-sible a law for the better observance of the Lord's day; am I correct? "Mn. CARLETON.ŠYes, sir. "MR. HUFFMAN.ŠWill you please tell the committee what Lord you are here to represent? I read in the Bible that there are many lords and many gods. "MR. CARLE'TON.Š[ presume the one that is recognized on the statute books. "MR. HTJFFMAN.ŠWhich one is that? "MR. CARLETON.ŠI do not know. "MR. HUFFMAN.ŠIf you are here to represent thetrue God, the Creator, upholder, and ruler of the universe, then the seventh day is His Sabbath, and it constitutes a sign between Him and man that man may know that He is the Lord his God ; and to know Him is life ever-lasting. If by the Lord's day you mean Sunday, then you have nothing more nor less than a heathen festival dedicated to the sun god. "MR. CARLEToNŠElder, would you please loan me your Bible a moment? "MR. HUFFMA N.ŠCertainly, my brother, I am glad you are coming to the Bible instead of the statute books to find out who is the, true God; and I am sure, my friend, that you will have no difficulty in finding that Jehovah is God, if you will but employ the means which He has given by which He may be known; for we read, "hallow my Sabbaths, and they shall be a sign between Me and you, that you may know that I am the Lord your God." And eternal life is in knowing God, and he who cares to remember the seventh-day Sabbath to keep it holy can know God. And if the gentleman becomes acquainted with the true God, he will never again appeal to human power to regulate the observance of the Lord's day, for nothing short of divine power is able to uphold and reg-ulate a divine institution. "LAWYER L. L. WALTON, a Member of the Committee. ŠWill the Elder permit me to ask a question? "MR. HUFFMAN.ŠCertainly. "MR. WALTON.ŠDo you think that it would be right to shoot birds on Sunday? "MR. HUFFMAN.ŠYes; if it were right the other six days in the week. "MR. WALToN.ŠDo ,'you think that it is right to dance on Sunday? "MR. HUFFMAN.ŠI do not think it is right to dance any day in the week. "MR. WALTON.ŠWould you favor a law to stop danc-ing on Sunday? "MR. HUFFMAN.ŠIf dancing is wrong and demoraliz-ing, and interferes with the rights of others, then I would favor a law to stop it every day of the week. "MR. WALTON.ŠSuppose you could not get a law to stop it every day of the week, would you favor a law to stop it on Sunday? "MR. HUFFMAN.ŠI would not go at it in that way; why stop it any more on Sunday than Monday? "MR. CARLETON.ŠWhen does the seventh-day Sab-bath begin, and when does it end? "MR. HUFFMAN.ŠIt begins at sunset the sixth day and ends at sunset the seventh day. "MR. CARLETON.ŠBut as the earth turns round and  the sun passes from place to place and goes down at night at different times at different placesŠas you follow around the earth in pursuit of the sun, when does the SabbathŠthe Lord's dayŠbegin? "MR. HUFFMAN.ŠWhen does Sunday begin? "MR. CARLETON.ŠPlease answer my question. "MR. HUFFMAN.ŠI don't follow. the sun at all; I just wait for the sun to come round to me. .1 heed the exhort-ation of God, and remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy as it comes`to meŠas it does weekly. "MR. HUFFMANŠMr. Chairman and-Gentlemen of the Committee, it seems to us but a waste of time to discuss the question as to whether Sunday is or is not the Sab-bath, or whether or not a definite day can be kept; but the vital question is, What ought our State legislature to do about it? Religious legislation is opposed to the constitution of our State, as well as to the natural right of every citizen of this our Commonwealth. What right has any legislature to meddle with religious matters any-way? Such things should be left where they belongŠto the family and Church. What we want and what we need is a free Church and a free State. The union of Church and State has always worked to the utmost disadvan-tage. Christ said, when asked whether or not it was right to pay tribute to Caesar : "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." Thus he separated Church and State, and is it not the duty of every legislature to keep them as far apart as Christ has separated them? Our representatives are elected by the people to attend to matters pertaining wholly to that which is civil and not to religion." What is all this clamoring for a Sunday law for any-way, and that too under the pretext that it is the Poor birds they would like to see protected from the wicked men who go gunning on the Lord's day, and kill all the insectiverous songsters that haunt the woods. We have now upon the Maine statute books law enough, if put in force, to stop shooting birds on Sunday. Here it is :Š "Sunday is a close time on which it is not lawful to hunt,Ł kill or destroy game or birds of any kind, under the penalties imposed therefor during other close time." Would it not be well for those who are laboring for a Sunday law to protect birds, as they claim, to see that the laws now upon our statute books are enforced before asking that more be enacted? The committee voted to report the bill with an amendment that it should only apply to cities, towns and organized places, since the bill as originally drawn would prevent the firing of guns up in the backwoods of Maine. The bill, as it was reported back to the House, and passed the House, looked very much akin to Con-stantine's law issued in, A. a. 321, which applied only to towns and cities. The bill was killed in the Senate, Senator Stearns, of Aroostook moving to indefinitely postpone the measure. He said he did so out of respect to that large number of citizens who did not believe in cumbering the statute books with needless laws. It would, saidjbe, give employ- 