THE AMERICAN SFNTTN 3 world, the other wholly to the world to come. The proper function of civil gov-ernment is to protect the person, property, and ;reputation of its citizens; to preserve the equal rights of all without infringing upon the rights of any. To do this it must let religion alone. Nor are we de-pendent on the Bible for this knowledge; it is 'self-evident. Every man knows that he has, So far as his fellow-men are con-cerned, an inalienable right to worship when, where, and what he pleases. In discussing this question, Thomas Paine Who art thou, vain dust and ashes ! by whatso-ever name thou art called, whether a king, a bishop, a ChUrch, or a State, a parliament Or anything else, that obtrudeat thine insignificance between the soul of roan and. his Maker ? Mind thine own concerns 1, If he believ't not as thou believest, it is a proof that thou believest not as, he belie-vest, and there is no earthly pOwer'that can determine between you. And not 'only do we agree with t e great deist, but we go beyond him, in thi that learn from the ScriptUres that t is Or sacred duty, a duty enjoined by o diVine Master, to do unto others as would thatthey should do unto us; to freel award to :others all the liberty that 014M for ourselves ; therefore with us becomes doubly a matter of conscientio s conviction; to our inherent sense of justice is added the sacred obligations of religio But in all this there is nothing to (1.1. stroy individual responsibility and libertk of , action. The dhristian instructed bk the Bible is just as free as the infidel i strneted by his philosophy. The Christia instructed by divine revelation refuses c.` obey a man-made law forbidding certait  acts _which he feels in duty bound to d just as the unbeliever refuses to perfor certain acts of worship required by t e same law because he does not recognise the right of his fellow creatures to requi ie them at hiS hands. To illustrate: Suppo e the State of New York should enact a la requiring everybody to become membe s of the Roman. Catholic ChurCh, would t e editor of the Truth Seeker obey it ? Ce tainly not. But why not ? Simply because such a requirement would be an infring,  ment upon his rights as a. man. And would be fully justified in refusing io obey such a law; all right-thinking mti would honor him for it whether the  agreed with him in his belief or. no Why then should our unbelieving neig bor attempt to turn against religion t e exercise of like discretion and like liber on the part of the Christian? The Tru h Seeker's view is too narrow; ,it should co a e to the point of conceding,  o others all th t it claims for itself. In short, the who e question, instead of being one of the tru or falsity of Christianity, is one so bro,  that it covers every religion and eve right growing out of the natural oblig tion resting upon all men to be true o themselves, to their own convictions o f duty, to their own conceptions of Deit C. P. What It Involves. A LEGAL'Sabbath involves, in a country where there are classes which disagree, a decision. as to what day is the Sabbath. In so doing, it discriminates against re-ligious classes on one side or the other. It involves the adoption of a religious institution held as sacred by more or less people. It thus places a religious dogma in the statute law, and therefore unites religion with the State. It elevates that branch of the Christian church which keeps Sunday, by establishing a religious tenet held by them, and it brings hardship upon those who disagree "with them. Thus it would be with sev-enth-day keepers if Sunday were estab-lished. And this hardship would not come to the Jew by virtue of his relation as a citizen, but by virtue of his religion, which comes not in conflict with the rights of his fellow-citizens, but in con-flict with a religious dogma enforced by civil law. No sophistry can evade this con-clusion. Sunday legislation means relig-ious legislation, religious tyranny, relig-ious persecution.ŠSigns of the Times. Archbishop Ireland's Two Proposals. ARCHBISHOP IRELAND, in his now fa-mous address before the school teachers at St. Paul, after protesting his love for the American public school, and his regret that certain peculiarities in it forbade Catholics to use it, offered two compro-mises one of which would, in his view, obviate the Catholic objections. Lei us briefly consider the two :Š I would permeate the regular State school with the religion of the majority of the children of the land, be it as Protestant as Protestantism can be, and I would, as they do in England, pay for the secular instruction given in the denominational schools according to results. That is, each pupil passing the examination before State officials, and in full accordance with the State programme, would secure to his school the cost of the tuition of a pupil in the State school. This is not paying for the re-ligious instruction given to the pupil, but for secular instruction demanded by the State, and given to the pupil as thoroughly as he could have received it in the State school. It was a slip of the tongue by which the Archbishop says this would not be " pay-ing for the religious instruction given to the pupil " in the denominational schools. If the State school is made " as Protestant as Protestantism can be," then the teacher is paid for making it soŠthat is, is paid for teaching religion; and. by parity of reasoning, the teacher in the denomina-tional school, is, and ought to be paid for his religious teaching. But to ;begin with, this is not a modifi-cation, but a revolution. We Protestants cannot accept it. We do not want the State to make our public schools " as Prot-estant as Protestantism can be." We do not trust the State enough for that. We do not want the State to interfere with our religious matters. We cannot depend  on the State to provide the sort of teachers always to whose religious instruction we are willing to commit our children. We know too well what that means. If the State can see to it that in its schools the children are taught its own Protestant re-ligion, then it can say that this is a Prot-estant country, and that we do not want any but Protestants to come here ; that other religions are foreign and un-Ameri-can, unpatriotic and seditious; that Cath-olic parochial schools are a menace to our Protestant institutions, and if Catholic schools, then Catholic churches; and the step is not a long one, and is a most logical one, to persecution. A State Church means persecution. There is always a quarrel un-til you have either an absolute persecuting State Church, or an absolutely free Church. The Protestant State Churches of Europe are rapidly becoming free Churches. So far as they are not free the religion of the minority is practiced under a disadvantage. Catholics and Dissenters even in En-gland now suffer under serious disadvan-tages, which are not persecution simply because England is moving perceptibly toward complete disestablishment. Arch-bishop Ireland knows very well how the interference of the State works with the Church in Italy or France or Spain, three most Catholic countries, or in Mexico or Brazil or the Argentine Republic, three leading American-Catholic countries; and does he wonder that. we Protestants do not care to trust the State ,to have any control of our religious matters ? Does he not remember how he and his friends, at the late Catholic Jubilee in Baltimore, praised the Amendment to the Constitu-tion which forever separates Church and State, as the Magna Charta of Catholic rights and the condition of Catholic pros-perity in this country, which has made this the happiest country in the world for Catholics, as it is for Protestants ? And now would he have us Protestants throw away our independence and make our public " schools as Protestant as Protes-tantism can make them " ? For ourselves, in our own self-defense, we reject the proposition, and we refuse to let the State teach any religion, whether Protestant in the State schools or Catholic or Jewish in the religious schools. The Archbishop's other proposition is this w is :Šould do as Protestants and Catholics in Poughkeepsie, and other places in our country, have agreed to rho, to thetgreat satisfaction of all citizens and the.great advancement of educational interests. In Poughkeepsie the city School Board rents the buildings formerly used as parish schools; and from the hour of 9 A. M. to that of 3 P. M. the school is in every particular a State schoolŠteachers engaged and paid by the Board, teachers and pupils examined, State books used, the doors always open to the Su-perintendent and members of the Board. There is simply the tacit understanding that so long as the teachers in those schools, Catholic in faith, pass their examinations and do their work as cleverly and loyally as other teachers under the control of the Board, teachers of another faith shall not be put in their place. Nor are they allowed to teach posi- t d y 