134  AMERICAN SENTINEL. pies upon which their liberties rest. They must not only be true to the principles of liberty as applied to them-selves and'as enjoyed by themselves, but they must be loyal to those principles in according the enjoyment of them to others. The man who teaches his children that they can with propriety violate the Decalogue in-deal-ing with the property of his neighbor and the persons of his neighbor's family, cannot promote or maintain personal honesty or personal virtue within the precincts of his own household. "The advocates of the permanent retention of the Philippines do not like to hear the term 'vassal.' Nev-ertheless, one who is the subject of a government in which he has no voice, who only has such liberty as the government may grant him, and which itself may be taken from him at the will of the government, is a vas-sal. And that, is the only political relation the Filipino can ever bear to the United States. The advocates of permanent retention do not like the term 'imperialism.' Nevertheless, whenever a republic owns outlying prov-inces, to be held permanently as dependent colonies, never to be admitted as a part of the republic in the control and administration of the government, that republic is to that extent imperial. And, if held perma-nently, that is the only relation Which the Philippine Islands can ever bear to the United States. "Ah, sir, it is true that the terms 'vassal' and ¡impe-rial' grate on American ears. They are terms expres-sive of conditions violative of every principle of the free institutions of America. They are terms expressive of conditions utterly at war with the principles which Americans during three generations have drank in with their mothers' milk. "To bring about such conditions and make them permanent which necessarily result in imperialism and vassalage, is, I repeat, to revolutionize theGovernment, because heretofore we have had no imperial colonies and no vassals, and we have vaunted political principles which have made it impossible that we should have either the one or the other. "Now, sir, I use the term 'revolution' because it is the one which properly expresses the fact. The proposi-tion is this: That to permanently retain territory which it is known can never become a State and the people of which it is also known can never be admitted to parti-cipation in the legislation and administration either of a State or of the General Government, people who must be ruled by a standing army in their midst, is to work a revolution in the system of government as it has here-tofore existed in the United StatesÑa revolution of the most radical and far-reaching character. "There can be no such thing as an imperial republic. It will either be an empire or a republic. Under the name imperial republic, the form of a republic may be preserved; but the soul and spirit of republican institu-tions will surely die. To speak of an imperial republic, true to republican principles and institutions, is to speak of a free autocracy or a Christian infidel, or a law-abid-ing, lawbreaker. "I desire to say that the man who compares the proposed expansion, and the effects which must neces-sarily follow it, to the expansion of the past which has come from the acquisition of the territory acquired from France or from Mexico or from Spain before the late  war; the man who says they are alke; the manwho says that the one may be taken as the authority and the defense of the other, is either woefully lacking in candor or still more woefully lacking in information, because they are as wide apart as the poles and as different as night is from day. The one is the expansion and exten-sion of free government and free institutions; the other is the destruction of free institutions and the birth and growth of imperial rule." The "Liberality" of the Papal Church under Leo XIII. William Burt, D. D. (Methodist), in N. Y. "Christian Advocate." AN approved biography of Leo XIII contains the following statement: "It is an oid and barefaced accu-sation, whicb' the enemies of the church have continually repeated, that she does not give sufficient attention to education, and that even her priests are ignorant. But the reign of Leo XIII has given a positive denial to .all such assertions." The author, however, attempts to prove his statement by simply showing that the pope has caused to be published a fine edition of the works of Thomas Aquinas, has erected a statue to him in the Vatican, and has made the study of this learned philos-opher to be introduced into all the universities, colleges, seminaries, and schools in the Roman Catholic world. But do these facts constitute Leo XIII a leader among educators? It is well known that Leo XIII has always been one of the most zealous disciples of Thomas Aquinas. While he was bishop of Perugia he founded an academy for the special study of the "angelic doctor." In 1875, as cardinal, he presented to Pius IX a request that Thomas Aquinas might be proclaimed universal patron of all studies in the universities, academies, and semina-ries of the world. In harmony with his :views as bishop he issued an encyclical August 4, 1870, recommending the teaching of the philosophy of Thomas Aquinas in all the schools and seminaries. This he confirmed by another letter written Oct. 15, 1879. On Jan. 18; 1880, the pope placed at the disposal of his editors sixty thousand dollars for the publication of a new edition of the works of Thomas Aquinas, and again on Nov. 21, 1880, another sum of forty thousand dollars. On August 4,1880, Leo XIII declared his fa-vorite philosopher to be the patron saint of all Roman Catholic universities, colleges, and seminaries through-out-the world. The pope then recommended a thor-ough education for those whose special duty it might be to confute the doctrines of the Reformation, "which education can be obtained only in the philosophy and scientific theology of which Thomas Aquinas was master." . 