Granola. Made from the best portions of wheat, oats, and corn. cooked ready for useŠexcellent for infants, invalids, and trave ers. Pure Wheat Gluten. yalynitrreocteninmouesnrcritgrwtkeoaste, taspea- debilitated condition. ŁZWeibach . (or toast). Specially prepared and will keep like crackers. Cereal Coffee. A charming substitute for tea and coffee. De-licious and strictly healthful. Crackers Graham, Oatmeal, and Fruit. Delicious, toothsome, . easily digested. None better. Wafers. Whole wheat, gluten, rye, oatmeal, and carbon. Just what dyspeptics and those with weak digestive organs are looking for. TRADE MARK REGISTERED. (C) 'a.11104.0 FLOUR The result of ye Bread Flour whi The testimony to i abroad is remark Votive PAIYIPH Write to Fa,y, a or to produce a palatable ely Offered to the Diabetic. oth from this country and evincing ea or Europe. PLE FREE. 'ne Wat own, N. S.a.  Webster's International Dictionary Successor of the "Unabridged." The One Great Standard Authority, So writes Hon. D. J. Brewer, Justice U. S. Supreme Court. Standard of the U. S. Gov't Printing Office, the U. S. Supreme Court, all the State Su-preme Courts, and of near-ly all the Schoolbooks. Warmly Commended by State Superintendents of Schools, College Presi-dents, and other Educators almost without number. Invalu able in the household, and to the teacher, scholar, pro-fessional man, and self- educator. THE BEST FOR PRACTICAL USE. It is easy to find the wordWanted. It is easy to ascertain the pronunciation. It is easy to trace the growth of a word. It is easy to learn what a word means. ' 734 AMERICAN SENTINEL. College View Sanitarium Bakery, College View, Neb. The prepared foods from this establishment have from the first taken rank with the VERY BEST MADE ANYWHERE, And any one who uses them once is ever afterward a patron. They are all prepared from the choicest selected grains, and the greatest care is exercised in securing the proper scientific combination of all the ingredients entering into their composition. Among the leading foods are the following:Š Agents for the Sanitarium Health Food Co., and the Sanitas Food Co., Battle Creek, Mich. Sample package of foods 25 cents. Send for catalogue. "I am surprised," rsays PROP.gA..'SithrSN!rea t  , i of State I ,s‚  School, Oswego, N.Y. ,!,111' i  thvaatlusaobtreufohrtohnaet to know is brought into so small a com-pass and sold at so small a price." THE NEW Webster Dictionary AND Complete Vest. Pocket Librall,  is full of happy sur-prises. It successfully combines a Diction-ary of 45,800 words; a complete Parlia-mentary Manual; Literary Guide, etc. Positively the only pocket dictionary giving the full pro-nunciation of words. Over 300,000 cop-ies sold. "I shall give this book a place in my vest pocket, a place that no other book thus far has had,"ŠC. C. Gaines. Pres. of Eastman Business College. 192 Pages, 5%x2% in., Weight, 2 ounces. Should be owned by every Student, Business Man, and Person of Intelligence. Cloth, 25 cents; Morocco, 50 cents; Extra Qual-ity with Three Years' Calendar, Perpetual Memorandum, and Safety Postage-Stamp Holder, 60 cents. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. NUT BUTTER MILLS. Something new. Designed especial-ly for converting nuts into butter for table and culinary purposes. Valu-able recipes for the use of nuts. Shelled and unshelled nuts of all kinds at reasonable prices. Send for de-scriptive circular and price list. JOSEPH LAMBERT, Battle Creek, filch. THE WHIRL of the CYCLONE CONTINUES, The people are looking for a perfect washing machine. It is found only in the Cyclone, and it is so easy to demonstrate the fact to intending purchasers that agents for it are reaping a rich harvest. Write for terms and territory to Coon Bros., 18-20 Hanover St., Battle Creek, Mich. WATCH AND CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK. Boys and and Girls can get a Nickel-Plated Watch, also a Chain and Charm for selling 13‚ doz. Packages of Blaine at 10 cents each. Send your full address by return mail and we will forward the Blaine, post-paid, and a large Premium List. No money required. BLU NE CO., Box 3 , Concord Junction, Mass. The New York Tribune Says:Š The latest edition comes from the press with a completeness that implies the most thorough edi-torial and typographical supervision. * * The wide public, too, finds this a work to which it is constantly useful  to refer.ŠA pril 8, 1896. GET THE BEST. iir'Specimen pages sent on application to G. & C. MERRIAM CO., Publishers, Springfield, Mass., U.S.A. His Glorious Appearing. An Exposition of Matthew 24. REVISED, ENLARGED, AND ILLUSTRATED. Contains ninety-six pages, with twenty full page illustrations. The work takes up Christ's great prophecy of his own second com- ing, and the signs of the times are clearly pointed out in relation to that greatest of all events. JUST THE BOOK FOR THE TIMES. Interesting, Timely, and Instructive. Price, attractive board cover, .25 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond st., New York City. You want to succeed in life ; you should be trained for success. The CAPITAL CITY COMMERCIAL COL1VRGE and the CAPITAL CITY SCHOOL OF SHORTHAND, Y.M.C.A. Des; Moines, Iowa, are among the leading business training  schools of this country. Board from $1.75 to $2.00 per week. All expenses reasonable. Competent graduates are assisted in securing positions. The best of everything. Send for catalogue to Mehan & McCauley, Des Moines, Iowa. 