*dr" 4i;diNi r AOC; 128 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, APRIL 17, 1890. Nom.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked. " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Colorado Graphic remarks that " fortunately for the dignity, intelligence, and discretion of Denver's Christian cler-ical force, only a minority has taken act-ive part in the Sunday-legislation move-ment." THE report is being circulated to some extent that some of the judges on the Su-preme Bench of Wisconsin are Roman Catholics, and hence the late decision on the question of the Bible in the schools. We have it upon good authority, and direct, that not one of the members of that court is a Roman Catholic. The decision would be just and right, however, even if every one of them were a Roman Catholic. THE report of the Treasurer of the National Reform Association, at its recent annual meeting, shows that the receipts of the society for the past year were $7,179.13. Of this amount $5,374.61 had been ex-pended, mostly in salaries to District Sec-retaries. The work of the society is not however represented by this sum, for a good deal has been accomplished by spe-cial secretaries who work without remu neration. Secretary Weir reported that he had preached one hundred sermons on National Reform topics to audiences ag-gregating twenty-one thousand persons. THE following paragraph, in a private letter from Baltimore, Maryland, is evi- dence of the rapid tendency toward strict formality in Sunday observance, . and the readiness of municipal authorities to undertake its enforcement by city ordi- nances :Š The ringing of milkmen's bells, and street-car bells has not been stopped in the city of Baltimore, on Sunday, as yet. But there is a city ordinance pending (introduced at the last sitting of the city council) which does call for the bells on horses at-tached to street-cars, to be removed on Sunday. Also, that milkmen's bells are not to be rung on Sunday. This ordinance has had its first reading, and been referred to a committee. The city Comptroller furnishes this information, and gives it as his opinion, that the ordinance will pass, in due time. He also informed me, that this was in accordance with the best wishes of the Protestant ministers and their congregations of the city of Baltimore. By request of the ministers of the city in the form of a petition to street-car managers, nearly all the street-car bells have been left off the horses on Sunday, voluntarily, but not by city ordinances, as yet. It seems, at first thought, peculiarly inapt, that Baltimore, the earliest home of knightly aristocracy, should be the first, in this millennial dawn of the new era of municipal religion, to undertake the en-forcement of a Puritan Sunday. That such should be the case, is food for thought. Had the " wise man " lived in this age, he might have added to the four things which were too wonderful for him, a fifth,Š" the way of a politician with the Church."  P Ł REv. R. M. SOMERVILLE,' of New York, an ardent National Reformer, likens Christ when excluded from civil government to a captain at sea, having a vessel and a crew, but being prohibited from entering any harbor. He does not ,explain wherein the likeness consists, but as a vessel in such a condition would be liable to be wrecked, Mr. Somerville _must regard the Lord as in imminent danger of losing his craft (the Church) because civil gov-ernments deny him the aid of their puny strength. This is only to say that without the aid of the civil power, Christ's mission must fail. Ł  IN a speech in Congress a few days since, Representative Dorsey, of Nebraska, said that the only opposition to the ad-mission of Idaho was on the part of Mor-mons-, who objected to the provision in the Constitution disfranchising them. This is not strictly correct. The National Re-formers also object to the admission of Idaho, but for a different reason, namely : because the Constitution under which the State is seeking admission forbids religious instruction in the schools. The hope was expressed in the Washington convention that Congress would not admit Idaho with such a constitutional provision. 41Ł - THE Weekly Witness, a religious paper of this city, remarks thatŠ As a meddler in politics the Church of Rome is always and everywhere an unmitigated curse; just as any Protestant church would be which should insist on being reckoned with, as a church, in all matters of administration, and especially in the dispensing of public moneys. We are very decidedly opposed to the religious teachings of the Church of .Rome, but in so far as it limits its teaching and claims to matters of religion we are prepared to treat it with respect as an institution which has as zoOd a right to exist as any Protestant Church. When it steps out of its proper sphere, however, to make money out of politics, then it is time for Protestants of ali denominations "and of all parties to unite-in opposition to it. -If any Protest-ant Church should,  take a similar. position it should meet with the same condemnation. Mit no Protestant Church would dare to do so, or could obtain the sup-port of its own members if it did.. The Roman Cath--olic Church is different-from all others-in this.  country, except the Mormon Church, in that -it is essentially a political institution; always .has been so and always must be, because it claims absolute and universal sov-ereignty as the authorized representative. of Christ the true King and Ruler,of the world: This criticism is certainly,  just, 'as-plied tethn Rothish Church. `Any polit- ical church is a curse whether it be Rome  everywhere or the Mormon Church in Utah. And yet this is just the position the NatiOnal Reformers and their allies are determined that the Protestant Church as a whole shall assume. They demand that the several Protestant bodies shall make common cause and insist on being reckoned with-  as churches in all mat-ters of administration. If the Protestant churches shall do this, as they seem in-clined to do, will they not then be just as much of a' curse as the Papal Church, and for the very same reason ? The ques-tion admits of but one answer. Does it not follow that the real friends of Prot-estantism are those who desire that the Protestant churches shall as churches have nothing to do with politics ? THE true spirit of National Reform, though carefully concealed in the Wash-ington Convention by most of the speakers, cropped out in President Sylvester S. Scovel's address on the "Limitations of Liberty." Referring to our foreign popu-lation he said that if necessary they should -"be educated with the bludgeon, and if the offense was repeated, with the blun-derbuss." It was formerly considered nec-essary to kill people in order, 'to save them, but that method of preaching the gospel has not been much in vogue for some time. It is . evident however that the National Reformers hope to be able to revive it. The A'ssociated Press of Reforms is the name of a new quarterly publication which the " Reform Syndicate " of this city has just launched upon the treach-erous sea of polemic journalism. The whilom field secretary of the American Sabbath Union is the manager of the syndicate, and as the new paper is a " special publication for publishers and editors of periodicals," and as the matter which it contains is secured by copyright, and as the copyright articles are to be released for re-publication for twelve dol-lars per year, or furnished in plates at very reasonable rates, it seems that the principle object of the syndicate is to get their "reform" matter into country papers which are printed largely from plates. Mr. Crafts is, it must be admitted, fer-tile in expedients. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Inatitutions, the preserva-tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and 'the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious. n, will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in, fact SINGLE COPY, PER YEAR; POET-PAID, . . . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL. 43 }Imp STREET, Raw YORK. 