THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 791 here, or shall come amongst us, be impartially re-quired, and to our utmost constrayned to perform all duties requisite toward the mainetaineinge the right of his Highness, and of the government of that most Ł renowned Parliament of England in this .Col-ony, which is most happily included under the same dominion, and graciously taken unto the protection thereof. And, in case they, the sayd Quakers which are here, or who shall arise or come amongst us, doe refuse to subject themselves to all duties aforesaid, as trayninge, watchinge, and such other engage-ments, as other members of civil societys for the preservation of the same in justice and peace; then we determine, yea, and we resolve to take and make use of the first opportunity tO inform our agents Ł residing in England that we may humbly present the matter unto the supreme authority in England, humbly craving theire advice and order how to carry ourselves in any further respect toward this people so that therewithal there may be no damage or infringe-ment of that chief principle in our Charter concerning freedom of conscience; and we also are so much the more encouraged to make our address unto the Lord Protector his Highness and government aforesaid; for that we understand there are or have been many of the foresayed people suffered to live in England; yea even 'in the heart of the nation. And thus with our truly thankful acknowledgements of the honour-able care of the honoured gentlemen, Commissioners of the United Collonies, for the peace and welfare of ,the whole country, as is expressed in theire most friendly letter, we shall at present take leave and rest. Yours, most affectionately desirous of your honour and welfare. JOHN SAFFORD, Clerk of the Assembly." They Needed No Government. This letter is a masterpiece of diplomacy. It 'boldly declares their determination that all things shall be done so as to maintain, and not to infringe their chief and dearest principle of liberty of con-science. It admits that the problem is a grave one, and asserts the intention of falling back for advice upon the mother country, of which, at that tiuie, Massachusettts was tacitly asserting its independ-ence. There is no record that the Quakers were ever " constrayned to take part in the trayninges and watchinges." At one time when a number of the commissioners of Rhode Island Colony were at Providence, in the house of Thomas Olney, Roger Williams propounded to them the following ques-tion: " ' We have a people here amongst us who will not act in our government with us: What course Ł shall we take with them?_' Then George Cart-wright, one of the commissioners, asked him what manner of persons they were? ' Do they live quietly and peaceably amongst you?' This they could not deny. Then he made this answer: ' If they can govern themselves they have no need of your gov-ernment.' " This is a true indication of the attitude of Williams towards the Quakers. Though 'they became so numerous that in 1661, when the General Meeting was established in Rhode Island, in Mas-sachusetts grave apprehensions were aroused "that the Quakers, were gathering together to kill the people and fire the town of Boston," yet, though hating them as he did, Williams never invoked against them the civil power. Williams Debates with the Quakers. When George Fox was in Providence, Williams did not attempt to meet him, for on a previous occasion he had gone into the Quaker meeting to speak against their teachings, and one of the Quakers was " moved by the Spirit to sing, and an-other to pray, and a third to dismiss the meeting," and so Williams had no opportunity. After Fox had gone, to Newport, Williams sent him a challenge to debate, and he paddled his own canoe the thirty miles to meet the champion of Quakerism. But Fox had gone before the challenge arrived. The debate was held, however, with others of the chief men among the Quakers, and, as is usual in such cases, both sides claimed the victory. Williams published an account of the discussion under the somewhat humorous title, " George Fox Digged out of His Burrows." One reason given by Williams for this debate was his desire to vindicate the col-ony from the charge of being in alliance with the QuakersŠa charge which would naturally be made by Massachusetts, because so many of the Quakers resided in Rhode Island undisturbed. Still, when William Harris, who was a prominent lawyer, and one of the original settlers, sided with the Quakers, and taught that the logical outcome of Williams' doctrine, and also, the teaching of the Scripture, was that a Christian could have no part whatever in civil governments, 'Mr. Williams considered this teaching thus saddled on to him and presented by one of so much influence, as subversive of all author-ity, and anarchistical in the extreme. So Williams had Harris indicted for high treason, and committed to jail. 