352 AMERICAN NEW YORK, JUNE i, 1899. HAVE you noticed how the tide of Sunday enforcement is again rising all over the land? If not, read the news given in this and last week's SENTINELS on that subject. OBSERVERS of the seventh-day Sab-bath do not hold that the fourth commandment obliges them to work six days out of the week, but they do hold that the commandment for-bids them to show deference to any slay of the week but the seventh. APPARENTLY in deference to public -sentiment, the London papers which recently introduced seven-day jour-nalism into England, have decided to discontinue their Sunday issues. This is the only legitimate way of fighting the Sunday newspapers, and if public sentiment can force the Sun-day papers'out of business here, the SENTINEL will not object. THE peace congress which is now convened at the Hague, holds its ses-sions behind closed doors, and it is rumored that all is not peaceful even in the proceedings of this body. No plan for disarmament is expected to result from the congress, bit it is hoped an impetus will be given to the project of establishing an inter-national board of arbitration, to which all disputes between the pow-ers may be referred. INTERESTING developments are re-ported from the effort of the Retail Grocers' Association of Columbus, Ohio, to close up all grocery stores on Sundays. From the Press-Post of that city we learn that the force of the association's efforts in thishas been transmitted to busi-ness places in general, but nnt with the result anticipated. The smaller grocery stores were compelled to close on Sundays by the action of the Grocers' Associa-tion, and they sought redress by trying to close up stores in other lines of trade. But they did not reckon rightly on Judge Earnhart. When they brought the case of other Sunday business into court, Judge Earnhart told them they were not acting from any desire "to have the Sabbath day respected," and that he would dismiss all such cases that might be brought before him. Of course, it is not consistent to compel one line of business to sus-pend Sundays and allow other lines to go .on. But this Ohio judge evi-dently appreciates the unworthy motive which has lent itself to Sun-day closing in this case. Sunday laws seem to be well adapted to the calling out of what is mean inhuman nature. "IT is the law and the law must be enforced," is the plea made in defense of prosecutions , for Sunday work; and further, "The best way to de-stroy a bad or foolish law is to obey it." If, then, a wicked statute can be enacted, it will be necessary to com-mit the wickedness of enforcing it before it can be set aside. Do reason and justice support such a view as this? If a law were passed affixing the death penalty to some trifling of-fense, would the courts feel bound to enforce it as the only thing that could be done with it? Would they feel bound to commit murder because "it is the law, and the law must be enforced"? Certainly not; and the plea that a bad law ought to be enforced sim-ply because "it is the law," or in or-der to get it repealed, is only soph-istry. There is no justification for enacting such a -law, and no justifi-cation for enforcing it after it has been passed. A bad law is injustice, and injustice is binding on nobody. An unjust law ought to be repealed at the first opportunity, and mean-while be Iet severely alone. ALL New York City and vicinity has been stirred for a week past over the kidnapping of a child and the in- effectual efforts of the police to dis-cover the victim of the terrible crime, or its perpetrators. The case bids fair to rival in its tragic conse- quences the well-known case of Char-ley Ross. Yet there are cases of kidnapping, in this city and elsewhere, which give the public little or no concern. The form of the crimeŠthe manner in which it is executedŠseems to make a great difference in the public mind. For are there not child kidnappers stationed at almost every corner in vast districts of our large cities? In other words, are not the saloons kid-nappers of the young? Do they not fairly deserve this designation? The saloons "must have boys." They cannot continue business on the old drunkards; these rapidly die off, and the supply of victims must be replenished from the children. Of course, the outward form of the boy remains; but his real self, once the saloon gets hold of him, disap-pears, swallowed up in a gulf of shame and debauchery, more hope-lessly lost than was ever the inno-cent victim of brutal violence. And no offer is ever made of restoration to the desphiring mother. Why should not this, like all other forms of kidnapping be prohibited? .at Do YOU need a dictionary? Then be sure you read our special offer on page 350. Notice. THE International Religious Lib-erty Association has moved its headquarters from this city to Chi-cago, but the AMERICAN SENTINEL remains at its old address-39 Bond St., New York City. All business re-lating to the AMERICAN SENTINEL should be sent to this address. Do not send it to Chicago. For the present the AMERICAN SENTINEL will continue to be published in New York. 