1,46'! church on the Government reservation at West Point, such permission, being contrary to the well-established principles of our Government, which, while assuring re-ligious freedom to all, forbids sectarian discrimination and national patronage of any distinctive form of relig-ious faith and practice, and we, the members of the New York Annual Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, most respectfully, protest against such action and respectfully request the Secretary of War to rescind the order granting such a permission. "Resolved, That aforesaid protest, signed by the offi-cers of this body, be forwarded to His Excellency the President, to the Honorable Secretary of War and to the Chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs of the United States Senate." While this was under discussion the Rev. J.P. Her-mance arose and said that the Methodist Episcopal Church had vainly sought the privilege of building a church at West Point, and had been refused for the rea-son that if such permission were given one denomination it would have to be given, to all. Bishop Stephen M. Merrill followed, saying that he was very sorry to hear that the Methodist Episcopal Church had set a bad ex_ ample, and that theRoman Catholics were only following that example. A protest that is based upon jealousy has small claim to consideration. It is a pity that Protestants cannot oppose the encroachments of Rome without being logi-cally estopped by their own example from protesting. Ballot and Bullet.ŠNo. 3. BY H. E. GIDDINGS. IT is evident that if governmental power is derived from the people, who govern through their chosen agents the government can exercise no power except that delegated by the people, and as the people can delegate no power but what they possess, it follows that every one thus contributing to this general find of power, in the nature of the case, not only claims to possess the power and the right to commission others to use it, but pledges himself to come,with that power when called upon to repel invasion or to suppress insurrection, even to tak-ing the life of his enemies. The Christian must be Christlike. Christ was set forth as an example to us. When he was reviled, he reviled not again; when he suffered he threatened not, but com_ mitred himself to Him that judgeth righteously. 1 Pet. 2:23. At a time when Jesus was travelling through the country the people refused to open their doors and invite him in, and two Of the disciples said, Lord, wilt thou that we command fire to come down from heaven and consume them? Jesus rebuked them, saying, "Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of; for the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." Luke 9:52-56. "As he is so are we in this world." 1 John 4:17. "Thou shalt not kill." "Put up thy sword, for all pey that take the sword shall perish with the sword." Matt. 26:52. In this Christ denied to his children the power or right of the sword. What right, then, have they to claim that power and delegate it to others to be used, when they are forbidden to use it themselves. Indeed, this is a virtual use of it themselves, only in an indirect way. Now the civil government has the right to use the sword. Rom. 13:4. "For he beareth not the sword' in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil." This spirit that wields the sword is not the spirit of Christ. Suppose that a community of true Christians, with the spirit of true love to all men, even their enemies, were to organize a government, where would they get the power or the wrath to wield:the sword? When an enemy marched against them they would go out and pray for them, and when they needed provision the Christian gov-ernment must feed them. "If thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink." How could they fight?' But the apostle says, "Let every sdul be subject to the higher powers." Rom. 13:1. Yes; and that is as far as the Christian is licensed to. go in civil affairs. He should be the very best of sub-jects and be easily governed, but never assume the respon-sibility of governing others. or what is the same in a free government, become a sovereign element, a political citizen. The Christian should not do anything to detract from the divine institution of civil order and its importance among men. He should never oppose any of the proper measures of government ; he pays the tribute; constantly recognizing the sovereignty of civil government, in the affairs of this world; and at the same time protests sol-emnly against its invasion of the things of God. The powers that be have a commission, and that is to keep the vicious from outward acts which would jeop-ardize the interests of society. The instrumentality to,  accomplish this end is the sword. The Church of Christ has entirely another workŠthe revelation of Christ to wicked world in both precept and example, and resounding the invitation, "Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden [with sin and sorrow and evil passions] and I will give you rest," by sending the Holy Spirit into your heart to subdue all your iniquities. Matt. 11:28; Micah 7:19; " making you the most peaceable of subjects to all rightful au-thority. With this divine principle as the motive power in the heart no conflict or controversy could ever occur be-ttveen the Christian and the civil government, so long as the latter contents itself with its own line of work, civil affairs. The man of the world can be a good citizen by the proper exercise of sovereignty in things of this life, in civil conduct only. The Christian, by devoting his talents to the things 