AMERICAN SENTINEL. 411 assuming her role as the subjugator and arbitrary ruler of the people of those islands. Certainly our own Constitution confers no right upon the President to demand the "unconditional sub-mission to our sovereignty" of 9,000,000 people in the Philippines. There is no warrant of Constitution, of law or of precedent for the conquest of these islands, or for imposing upon the inhabitants, without their con-sent, our authority and our institutions. Spain could not convey to us any rights which she did not possess, and Mr. McKinley cannot justly claim any right not expressly conferred upon him by the Con- stitution or laws of his country. Ł "Our rights in the Philippines" would therefore seem to be limited to the right of self-defenseŠto repel attacks upon our forcesŠand to the right of maintaining order and security in the city of Manila, which we conquered from Spain. If Mr. McKinley had not claimed and sought to enforce rights far exceeding these there would have been no war there. Sunday Resolutions not Endorsed. THE resolutions on Sunday observance adopted at the late Presbyterian General Assembly, in which Sun-day was set forth as "the foundation and the protec-tion" of American liberty and American institutions, did not pass unchallenged by the secular press. A far western paper, the Portland Oregonian, was moved to assert that the religious observance of Sunday was of questionable validity, and that the day would better be devoted to purposes of recreation and instruction. Among other things, the Oregonian said:Š "This action of the Presbyterian Assembly is sincere and well meant, but will accomplish nothing. . . . The American Sunday will be exactly what public opinion chooses to make it, for the American Sunday of to day is not the Hebrew Sabbath, and never can be made such in the quality of its observance. The Sunday news-paper, the Sunday street car, the Sunday excursion by rail or water transportation, the Sunday long-distance railway travel, have come to stay, have become an in-eradicable part of American business life and civilization. Under our federal Constitution there is no union of church and state, no state religion; and the appeal to the federal or state legislature for protection can only be effectively made to protect the right of those persons who believe in making the American Sunday a Puritan Sabbath from any wanton interference on the part of those who observe the day in a different manner or do not observe it at all." The Brooklyn Eagle attacked the Presbyterian res-olutions in this fashion:Š "To say that the 'American Sabbath,' as the Pres-byterians use that term, is the foundation of American liberty is a grotesque misconception of the facts. The 'American Sabbath' was established by the Puritans before we had any American liberty, unless the privilege  of denouncing 'popery,' burning witches, and exiling peace-loving Quakers is considered liberty. The men who established American liberty were not especially concerned about the 'American Sabbath.' Thomas Jefferson and Thomas Paine were considered little better than Antichrist by the spiritual ancestors of the present Presbyterian Assembly. Benjamin Franklin, who had quite a hand in shaping American liberty, was not noted as a Sabbatarian, and 'Sammy the Maltster,' as Sam Adams, the great tribune of the people's liberties in Boston was known because he ran a brewery, would not have hesitated to store powder against the British on Sunday. Down to the adoption of the Declaration of Independence and of the Constitution American liberty was an ideal. It was in the air and was the desire of a whole people, but those bold spirits who got any sub-stantial freedom either of opinion or conduct, snatched it. And the makers of our Constitution were far more concerned about preserving liberty of conscience against the aggressions of Ł a Calvinistic creed than they were about the sanctity of any Sabbath. . . . "The attempt to secure such a day of worship by forcibly shutting up everything except the churches, is worse than foolish. It would be despotism if it could be carried out, and it would do more harm than .the churches could remedy in years. In this particular city, for instance, the stopping of the street-cars on Sunday in the summer would leave some 300,000 or 400,000 people who cannot well get a breath of fresh air on any other day, to swelter in the slums, the men to drink and fight and land in the police station, and the children to die like flies from intestinal diseases. Under such con-ditions the summer death-rate in the city would rise enormously, and the courts would have so many homi-cides that the jail-room would have to be increased. . . . The real reason that the churches do not draw on Sun-day is not because the beaches or even the ball grounds are open, but because there is not more brotherhood in the churches. If the ministers want to make the relig-ious interest keener let them put more horse-power into their work. They might begin by staying here in the summer and continuing their work in the heat, instead of taking two months in the mountains or four in Eu-rope. If they did that every summer they and their services would be far more attractive to work-burdened humanity than they are now." These are pertinent statements on the subject, and there is no questioning their truth. Sunday Enforcement in Australia. [Tun following, taken from the Bible Echo, a reli-gious journal of Melbourne, Australia, will give the reader an idea of Sunday enforcement as it is practised in that country. Notice that the prosecution for Sun-day labor is there brought under the ancient statute of Charles II., which commands that on Sundays all people must attend church and be pious both in public and private. A more flagrant denial of religious freedom was never embodied in a statute; yet the persons who want Sunday enforced do not hesitate to drag out this 