370 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. would be landed plumply into skepticism. Of this the committevight well be afraid, because it would be the inevitable result of every attempt of the State to inculcate morality. The grounds of morality lie beyond the natural. They are wholly in the realm of the spiritual, and can be only spiritually discerned. But no man can be-come spiritually-minded except by faith in Jesus Christ. , Faith in, Christ purifies the heart and enlightens the mind. By it the love of God is shed abroad in the heart by the Holy Spirit, which writes the law of GodŠthe sum of all mo-ralityŠanew upon the heart and in the mind. Thus it at once appears that there is no real mo-rality in this world, except that rbieh is grounded , upon, and springs from, faith in Jesus Christ. Therefore, when the.  State requires that morality shall be taught in the public school, it must either require A religious test as a qualification for the office of public-school teacher, which carries with it an established religion and a State creed, or else require the teacher to give instruction in regard to that which it is impossible for him clearly to discern. But as in this proposed sys-tem it is argued that the State is not to apply a religious test, the other alternative is the only one that remains; but the teacher, not being,able clearly to discern the matter himself, cannot con-vey any clear idea to the pupils, and will almost certainly disagree with his fellow-teachers as to the real grounds of moral responsibility and the basis of choice and action; therefore it is impossible that the children can get any real moral good from it, and may be counted fortunate if they do not get positive moral harm by being led to skepticism on the one hand, or to naturalism in morals on the other hand. All this only shows what is readily .proved from every phase of the subject, namely, that with the teaching of religion or morality the State cannot have anything to do. That is committed by the Lord -to the church and the family only. If _these fail, the failure is complete, and all that the State can do in any effort to supply the lack, is only to make a bad matter worse. The State can have nothing to do with morality or immo-rality; it has to do only with civility or incivility. The church is God's means, by persuasive teach-ing, of inculcating morality; the State is God's means, by the exertion of force,,  of compelling those to be civil who will not be moral. A. T. J. Is the Danger Real? RELIGIOUS liberty has been so long enjoyed in this country that most people have an idea that it never can be otherwise. This, however, is only because they have given the matter little or no Serious thought. Every unbiased person who has watched carefully the signs of the times for the last twenty years, or even the Iasi ten years, can- - not fail to notice during that time a rapid change in public sentiment in regard to the subject of governmental interference in matters, if not directly religious, at least closely akin to religion. A little over twenty-five yearg ago the National Reform Association was organized, its avowed object being to so change the Constitution of the United States " as to place all our1 Christian laws, institutions, and usages on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the:land." This, as they themselves understand and explain it, would be to recognize Christianity as the true religion, and to make the Bible the basis of civil legislation. This they fondly imagine would not  be a union of Church and State; but that it would be, has been many times shown in this paper. We will briefly review one or two of the arguments which, show that this would be a virt-ual union of Church and State. It.is certain that if Christianity is to be recog-nized as the. true religion, somebody must define what Christianity is. That definition must be that which somebody believes, and that which is believed is a creed; for the simplest definition of creed is " that which is believed." It matters not whether there be one article or forty articles in a creed, it is a creed nevertheless. This is illustrated in the case of the Unitarians, who have reduced their creed to a single article of faith. Neither does it alter the case if those who unite in forming this creed should differ upon many points not defined in the creed. This is illustrated by the fact that in almost all churches we find a.  multitude of various opinions held upon what are called minor points, or " non-essentials." Churches are formed, at least now-adays, by people getting together and uniting on a few doctrines which they term "essential." And just so with those who favor official recogni-tion of Christianity; should they be successful they would unite upon what they would deem to be a few "essential" points upon which the great majority could agree, and that mould of necessity , be the established religion of 'the United States. What degree of toleration would be granted to dissenters would probably be determined by circumstances. But we will suppose, and indeed it will proba-bly be claimed by many, that the matter would not be carried so far as we have indicated. Pos-sibly not at first; but suppose it is only carried so far as to make the Scriptures, or 'the law of God, the fundamental law of the land, would the Case then be very much different ? It would not, for in that event some authority, either the courts as:at present constituted, or some tribunal cre-ated for that express purpose, would have to decide when legislation had been modeled in ac-cordance with the law of God. This would be absolutely necessary from the fact that even the most ultra National Reformers would not wish to have enforced all the laws contained in the Bible. It is held by everybody that ninny of these statutes were only for the Jews. Hence if the Bible were to be the fundamental law of the land, the courts, or the tribunal created for, that_ purpose, would- have to decide what principles of the Bible should be followed in moulding our Legislatures; and then when laws had been passed, if they were disputed, some tribunal would have to decide Whether or not these laws were in accordance with the law of God. This the National Reformers have themselves declared they would not permit the courts to do, but that the churches would decide such ,questions, and then the civil government would enforce their decisions. But it may be objected that the National Re-formers are comparatively few in- numbers, that their views are radical and Ultra, and can never be adopted in this country. Let us examine that-proposition a little. Twenty-five years ago, when. the National Reform Association was first organ-ized, it was few in numbers and exerted but very little influence. Since that time it has grown both in numbers and in influence, until now it numbers among its many vice-presidents, senators; governors ,of States, judges of supreme courts; editors of newspapers, judges of district courts,  presidents of colleges, besides many other lead-ing men. But more than all this, it now has several powerful allies which it did not have five years ago,-viz., the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union, the Prohibition party, and the American Sabbath Union. Perhaps none of these organizations are at present in favor of going quite as far as are the National Reformers themselves, but they advo-cate the same,principles, and whether they realize it or not, when once started upon the National Reform road it will be impossible for them to stop short of the logical conclusion, without re-pudiating the very principles which they now hold dear. The case of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union will illustrate this. They have declared that it is their -object to make Christ "this world's king," "king of its courts, its camps, its politics," and that his will is to govern all things. That is simply putting in a little more flowery language the declaration of the National Reformers themselves, that the Bible 'shall be the fundamental law of the land, and everything that logically follows such a course as that would follow the other. . Again, many will object to classing the Pro-hibition party with the National Reformers, but as we regard it, that is where it belongs. They-have repeatedly, deClared in their platform's, both State and national, in favor of Sabbath legisla-tion, and for such a recognition of religion as would make it necessary for our courts to decide religious questions. They have not gone so far, it is true, as either of the other organizations referred to, but they are in a fair' way, sooner or later, to, reach the same conclusion. In fact, they must do it or repudiate past utterances. As to the American Sabbath Union, so called, it is so closely identified with the National Re-form Association that but few will deny its tend-ency is in the same direction. It advocates governmental interference in matters of religion ; and altogether the organizations named form, a gigantic religious combination to effect a political object; and this, a committee of the United States Senate declared in 1828 was dangerous. The question then for consideration was a petition to suspend the carrying of the mails on Sunday. The committee in reporting on that petition said := " Extensive religious combinations to effect a polit-ical object are, in the opinion of the committee, al-ways dangerous. This first effort of the kind calls for the establishment of a principle which, in the opin-ion of the committee, would lay the foundation for dangerous innovations upon the spirit of the Consti-tution, and upon the -religious rights of the citizen. If adMitted, it may be justly apprehended that the ,future measures of the government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence." Th at was true then; it is none the less true now.  But this is not all; if it were, the danger would be comparatively small compared with what it really is. It may be thought by some that if even Protestant sects could unite to carry out a scheme of this kind, it would be impossible for Protestants and Catholics to unite in it. So it seethed a few years ago, but times change and people with them, and religious bigotry as well as politics makesostrange >bedfellows. In an article in tl-Christian Statesman of August 31, 188_1., Rev: Sylvester ,Scovel, writing of the desirability of uniting with Roman Catholics for the purpose of securing so-called National Reform, said:-- 