584 AMERICAN SENTINEL. BARBERS in Passaic, N. J., have inaugurated a Sun-day-closing movement similar to the one in progress in the neighboring city of Paterson, described in this SENTINEL. They will have various "ward committees" whose business it will be to "spot" any barber plying his trade on Sunday, and all such will be reported and prosecuted by the Barbers' Union under the Sunday law of the State. The "spotters" will break Sunday them-selves in order that other barbers may be compelled to give the day a perfunctory observance. * * IN England a cannon has been perfected which has a range so great that no "proving grounds" exist that are suitable for testing it. The range is estimated at fifteen miles. On board a war ship such a gun might bombard New York City in spite of all the protection that could be afforded by forts or harbor mines. The vast size of the city would make it an easy target at a range which would practically protect a warship from the projectiles fired from the shore. The power which can command the seas will soon have at its mercy all sea coast cities not over fifteen miles distant from the open sea. * * * THE Vatican approves the verdict given by the French military court in the Dreyfus case. So says the Sun, of this city, which is good Catholic authority. It says that "Cardinal Rampolla, in conversation with a diplomatist accredited to the Vatican, strongly ex-pressed his delight over the verdict given by the Rennes court-martial." This was only to be expected from the Vatican in view of the fact that the Jesuits in France were leagued against Dreyfus. Jesuitism and militarism never antagonize each other. * "THE Sudan is being rapidly covered with a network of telegraph wires," says The Electrical Review. "It is expected that the telegraph will be 1,000 miles south of Khartoum at the end of the year. This means the practical joining up with Uganda, and as Rhode's tele-graph is approaching Tanganyika the transcontinental telegraph may be expected to be finished early next year." SOME facts which ought to be of much interest to those credulous people who believe that American col-onial government in the Philippines will be a model of justice and order, in shining contrast with colonial gov-ernment as the.world has seen it under ancient Rome, under Spain and Great Britain, etc., are given in the report of Mr. Richard M. Collins, Associated Press cor-respondent at Manila, to his chief, Mr. Melville Stone, General Manager of the Associated Press. This report was called for in view of the statements previously made by Associated Press correspondents at Manila, alleging that important news was suppressed and the situation in Luzon grossly misrepresented by the American mili-tary commander. Mr. Stone sent copies of the letter to several Associated Press directors, one of whom, being editor of the Pittsburg Post, made it public in his paper. * Mr. Collins says that the press censorship at Manila was more severe than that enforced in war times in Japan, Turkey, Greece, Egypt, and Russia, or in Cuba under General Weyler. He says that the press corre-spondents were repeatedly told by the censor that the purpose was not simply to prevent the publication of anything that might aid the enemy, but to keep the knowledge of the facts from the people at home. His own words were, "My instructions are to let nothing go that can hurt the Administration." Now the truth has come out, and under such circumstances will "hurt the Administration" far more than it otherwise could have done. * "We were compelled," the letter reads, "to send nothing but the official version of all events and con-ditions, even when the official view controverted the opinions of the great mass of the officers in the field and of intelligent residents, and was a falsification of events which passed before our eyes. In this way every fight became a glorious American victory, even though every one in the army knew it to have been substantially a failure, and we were drilled into writing, quite mechanic-ally, wholly ridiculous estimates of the numbers of Fil-ipinos killed." Under promise of a great change to be wrought in the situation, the press correspondents held back for a month, and then sent their "round robin" report, which stirred up so much comment here. First, however, they took it to the censor, who read it and said: "This is just the sort of thing the censorship is intended to sup-press." The censor sent it to General Otis, and the latter immediately called before him the correspondent of the New York Sun (an ardent expansionist paper, by the way) and said to him: "You have accused me of falsehood. This constitutes a conspiracy against the Government," for which, he was further told, he with his 