662 AMERICAN SENTINEL. taining that chapel and Episcopal service, one religious body is distinctly favored; and all othersŠRoman Cath-olic and ProtestantŠare as distinctly subordinated. Should Dr. John Hall, Dr. H. M. Storrs, or Dr. R. S. Mc-Arthur find his way into that West Point Episcopal Church, called chapel, he would on no consideration be allowed to share in the service in a way to recognize him as a valid Christian minister by the Episcopal rector, styled chaplain. The canon of the Protestant Episcopal Church absolutely forbids such recognition. It represents the Roman Catholic as much as any Protestant church, and even more, because it recognizes the Catholic minis-try a's valid,Ša recognition refused to the ministry of other Protestant churches. The service in the Episcopal Church at West Point, styled chapel,: and conducted by the Episcopal priest, styled `chaplain,' is distinctly Epis-copal, and only that. "West Point regulations compel cadets to attend this service unless they sign a statement that they wish to `attend some other place of worship', on the ground of `their religious or conscientious objections.' Thus they are forced to listen to this Episcopal clergyman as, through strict adherence to his priestly dress and to his church forms and canons, he inculcates the constant les-son of the lofty claims of his church. This year the naval cadets have been prohibited, by order, from attending services in Annapolis except on con4munion days, when they must obtain a special permit to do so, although the churches of Annapolis are within ten minutes' walk, and although there is at the Navy Yard only a Roman Catho-lic church and a government chapel at which the Episco-pal service is used. "Is it any wonder that a very large part of the com-missioned officers of the army, who,  are church members at all, are Roman Catholics and Protestant Episcopali-ans? They go to West Point, many of them, with no de-cided religious preferences, to be subjected by military regulation to the services of a single faith. Nothing is more natural, so far as they become church members at all, than that they should fall into the ways of either the Roman Catholic or the Protestant Episcopal Church. That few of them belong to any of the other churches, that a number of them are Roman Catholics, and a still larger number Episcopalians, is largely due to this fact. ' "But many of them, thus compelled to attend this lengthy ritualistic service, leave the academy with a feel-ing of repulsion to all religious services. They suppose -themselves to have been guaranteed freedom of worship by the Constitution of the United States, and they resent this compulsory church attendance as interference with this freedom; and they are often heard, to date their in-difference to all church going to this treatment at West Point. "Are chaplains appointed to the army because it is in the government service? Then why keep up mere appear-ances by having so few chaplains that not more than one third of the army are within reach of them at any given time? General Sherman wrote a letter, in 1882, concern-ing. army chaplains, in which he speaks of the nearly one hundred posts, with only thirty chaplains to occupy them, and says, Of course, the whole system is a farce, and meant to be so.' This is true; and the fewness of their number proves it to be true. It is a relic of a state-church system, and as such, with its paucity of numbers,  is, indeed, a farce, and meant to be so.' But if the army is provided with chaplains because in government service, why not thus Provide for the thousands in the depart-ments in Washington and in the postal service? "The army, as a whole, does not want chaplains. See Gospel Work Among United States Soldiers,' page 42 (the United States Army Aid Association, 82 Nassau St., New York), where the matter is fully stated by a chap-lain, who says, The idea of having chaplains does not come from the army.' Why, then, violate the voluntary principle by forcing an institution of this sort on the army, leaving it no choice?" -4 Keeping the Sabbath. BY C. Jr. KESLAKE. CHRISTIAN experience is personal experience. The aim of the gospel is "Christ in you, the hope of glory." The great commission of Christ to his disciples was : " Preach the gospel to every creature." In this connection Christ said: "All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth," and he encouraged his disciples with the blessed assurance, "Lo, I am with you alway." Wherever they should go and peeach, there would be the "all power" to accompany the word spoken. When Christ thus commissioned his disciples, there was the power of the whole Roman Empire to oppose their progress. There was no arm of the state upon which they could rely, had they been so disposed. But before taking up the gospel work they must tarry at Jerusalem until they should be endued with power from on highŠuntil they should receive the power of the Holy Ghost. If this power should not be sufficient for the work before them, then it must become a hopeless task; for there is none greater in the who?e universe. But the apostles found it abundantly sufficient. They were to fight "a good fight ;" they were enablbd to finish their-course, to "keep the faith." What if the multitudes on every hand did not believe as they believed ;Šdid not do as they did? What if the whole Roman Empire was against them? They were Christians; and that meant to each one individually just as though there was not another soul to keep him company, that there was abundant power in Jesus Christ to enable him to do as Christians ought to do. According to the prOmise of our Saviour, what was possible for a Christian back there would be possible for Christians at this present time. The requirements and the conditions are precisely the same. But there has come a change. At the State Conven-tion of Christian Endeavorers recently held in Paterson, N. J., Rev. Dr. Burrell solemnly, seriously told his fellow Endeavorers that unless everybody was compelled to keep the Sabbath (by which he meant Sunday) he could not keep it. Why not? Has Christ changed? Has the gospel lost any of its power? Is the Holy Spirit less able to work upon human hearts and to strengthen them e' 