AMERICAN SENTINEL. 429 confers on the synod the monopoly of printing the Script-ures in the Russian and Slavonic languages, and as it is a body in chronic want of money, its business managers recognize that the more Bibles and Testaments are put into circulation, the greater will be the income of the synod from their sale. The circulation of Bibles, New Testa-ments and portions within the empire, including Russian Poland, exceeds three quarters of a million copies, of which probably half a million are editions by the Holy Synod. It will be interesting to watch the conflict be-tween those who maintain that the stability of the church is endangered by unrestricted Bible circulation, and those who favor it as a source of vast revenue.ŠN. Y. Independent. "THE Christian patriot", says a religious journal, "will now pray and labor that our nation may have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ". How can this be? Did Jesus Christ die for the governments of the world? And can a government believe unto righteousness? Would a profession of belief expressed in the Constitution of the nation constitute faith in Christ? Such questions answer themselves. Let each individual person find peace by believing on the Lord Jesus Christ, and the nation will take care of itself. God wants men, not governments. Ł He has a better govern-ment to set up than any to be found on the earth; but he has no men, only such as he can obtain from this earth by the power of his grace. Man is in the image of God, and is therefore very dear to him. A single being in his image, is dearer to God than all the governments in the world. A CHANGE from one despotism to another, or from one set of officials to another, will not deliver society from the defects of human nature. Much less will that blessing come from the increase of despotism and the multiplication of officials. It has failed; it must inevita-bly fail. It violates a law of social development as im-mutable as the law of gravitation, one that punishes those that fail to heed it with equal certainty and sever-ity. I refer to the law set forth by Mr. Spencer, that the more peaceful and industrious a nation becomes, the less is its need of the restraints of either custom or legisla-tion. . . . No abridgment of liberty that philanthrop-ists or statesmen may deem essential to the safety of modern civilization will permit them to realize their Uto-pian dream. The millennium lies in another directionŠin the direction of greater liberty.ŠFranklin Smith, in Popular Science Monthly. POPULARITY is an assumed test of worth and wisdom. It is taken for granted that the man most talked about is the best guide, the party polling the most votes must represent timely ideas, and the daily with the most flaring headlines must be nearest the truth. But no reasoning  could be more unsound, as all history proves.. Somehow the righteous minority, the saving remnant, does not stay vanquished, but manages to snatch the prize of vic-tory at the last moment. From the days of Gideon's three hundred and the famous Daniel's band, to these closing days of the nineteenth century, God has never forsaken the "faithful few," but has used them to accom-plish His wonders in the earth. There is a positive ad-vantage in being on the side of the minority, always pro-vided that the minority is on the side of God and great ideals, for God is multitudinous above all the nations of the earth.ŠUnion Signal. Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Penn. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Rant Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other Individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or goin is sent, register the letter. ER1CAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Peelle Press Publislung Co. ORGAN OF THE inter hational Religious hiberty Assoeiation. Single Copy, Per Year, ŁŁ $1.00. 44 Six months, - - .55 44 Three " - - .25 ADDRESS, ATIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 