litmicir 8, 1894. AMVIEtiCAINT  is the " wine of her fornication " referred to in the Scriptures, with which Babylon, the Romish Church, has made all nations drunk. And, sad to say, the harlot daugh-ters, the apostate Protestant churches, are now seeking the same illicit union, as is manifest in their appeal to the State to enforce Sunday observance. God constrains no one by means of force. He never forces nor attempts to force any one to believe. His moral gov-ernment is not one in which he exercises force. To the creatures he has made he says, " Come, let us reason together." He invits them all to come and take of the water of life freely, to come and be saved; but he compels no one. Neither will those who are godlike seek thus to constrain any one. Said Luther, " I am ready to preach, argue, write; but I will not constrain any one, for faith is a vol-untary act." But in all ages those who have assumed to take the place of God, and by law prescribe to men their reli-gious duties, have acted very ungodlike. Because men would not believe and 'act in religious matters as they dictated, they have threatened them with the infliction of civil penalties, thrown them into dun-geons, placed them upon the rack, and kindled around them the fires of persecu-tion. Thus blindly and without reason have they sought to force their opinions and practices upon their fellow-men. But the men who do such things are not Chris-tians, whatever their profession; neither is the church which upholds such actions and pursues such a course the Christian church, however much it may claim to be. W. A. COLCORD. Rome Claims Supremacy Over the State. [Everybody ought to know the real position of Home touching the relations of Church and State. A stand-ard Catholic work, " Familiar Explanations of Chris-tian Doctrine No. I V., " published by Benziger Brothers, "Publishers to the Holy Apostolic See," New York, Cincinnati, and Chicago (pages 195-198), gives this information definitely and explicitly :--1 ST. THOMAS AQUINAS asks the question : " Can the pope deprive a sovereign of his temporal power if he become an apostate from the faith ?" and he replies to this question as follows: When a sentence of excommunication is juridically pronounced against a sovereign for apostasy, his sub-jects are by the very fact free from all allegiance. Charged to preserve in all their integrity the fundamental truths of faith, and to watch over the spiritual wel-fare of the members of the Catholic Church, the pope as her head can take all necessary measures to secure her children from the danger of perversion. " With a wicked heart the apostate deviseth evil and at all times he soweth discord." Prov. 6:14. It is clear that the faith of a nation is in imminent danger under the power of an apostate ruler. As -the church has a right to punish one of her members for willful murder or adultery, so has she also a right to punish a Catholic sovereign for abandoning the faith; she can dispossess him of his States if she judges this pun- ishment useful for the spiritual good of her children. It may be said that Julian, the apostate, had Christian soldiers in his army and commanded them to march for the defense of the empire and that they were not dis-engaged from their allegiance, as they obeyed his orders. We must never con-found right with fact. For certain rea- sons it may not be advisable for you to  use your rights; but for that your right is not less certain. In the time of that apostate it was not advisable nor possible for the church to use all her rights. She therefore allowed her children to obey that apostate emperor in all that was not con-trary to faith, in order to avoid a greater evil, but her moderation and prudence did not destroy or lessen in the least any of her imprescriptible rights. When States were wholly Catholic, as they were for a good many centuries, when all men believed, with the saints and martyrs, that it was to the pope that the Almighty said, " Whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth, shall be bound in heaven ; " when the supreme authority of the Holy See was at once the bulwark of thrones, and part of the public law of Europe; when Ceesar said to the council, presided over by the papal legates, as Constantine, the master of the world, said to the Fathers at Nice, " Ares a vobis recte judieamur,"Šnobody disputed that, as members of the Christian commonwealth, kings and princes were subject, by the law of God, to the authority of the Roman pontiff. It was his office to restrain, by all the means which the decree of God and the faith of Christians gave him, any abuse of their power by which either the interests of re-ligion or the just rights of Christian peo-ple were prejudiced. He was at once the guardian of the faith, and the only invin-cible enemy of tyrants. The most emi-nent non-Catholic writers have confessed that Christianity was preserved from what Guizot calls "the tyranny of brute force," mainly by that vigilant and fearless inter-vention of the Holy See, for which, as some of them sorrowfully admit, no sub-stitute can now be found. But it is evi-dent that the extreme penalty of deposi-tion, the application of which is now transferred from the pope to the mob, could only be enforced in a state of society which has long since passed away, and is never likely to return. But, if popes no longer depose bad princes, "by the authority of Peter," there are others who depose good ones without any authority at all. In order to depose them more effectually, they have taken to cutting off their heads. Cromwell and his fellows did it in England; Mira-beau and his friends in France. These energetic anti-popes did not object at all to deposition, provided it was inflicted by themselves. They object to it still less now; it has become a habit. Englishmen deposed James II. after murdering his father, and put a Dutchman in his place. In other lands they are always deposing somebody. The earth is strewn with de-posed sovereigns. Some times they depose one another, in order to steal what does not belong to them. One of them has de-posed the pope himself, at least for a time, and all the rest clap their hands. They do not see that by this last felony they have undermined every throne in Europe. Perhaps in a few years there will not be a king left to be deposed. Since the secu-lar was substituted everywhere for the spiritual authority,kings have fared badly. The popes only rebuked them when they did evil; the mob is less discriminating. And the difference between the deposing power of the popes and that of a mob is this: that the first used it like fathers, for the benefit of religion and society; the second, like wild beasts, for the destruc-tion of both. There is, therefore, among all true Cath-olics, but one unanimous voice as to the  supreme authority of the head of the Roman Church, viz.: that Jesus, the Son of God, and of man, gave to Peter and his successors that fullness of jurisdiction and power which will keep the church in safety till he comes back in the day of Judgment; and to deny that supreme authority is to be at sea, drifting about with the currents of opinion, and tossed on the troubled waves of Protestantism, Calvinism, Qua-kerism, Mormonism, Spiritualism, Social-ism, and all the other isms and sophisms. Shame on Maryland. THE State of Maryland does not mean to be beaten by Tennessee. The latter com-monwealth punished an otherwise inoffen-sive citizen for ploughing in his fields on Sunday, and Maryland has now inflicted the statutory pains and penalties on an-other farmer for husking corn on Sunday. We congratulate both of these Christian commonwealths on this signal vindication of the majesty of the law. To be sure, in both States thousands of saloons and broth-els and gambling-houses are open every Sunday, making everyone one who enters them tenfold more a child of hell than he was before, but the courts have punished two Christian men for the much worse offenses of quitely ploughing in the fields or husking corn in a barn. Fiat justitia, runt cceturn. We wonder that the very stones do not cry out against such travesties of justice; that Christian men do not lift up their voices in protest against this wicked per-version of religion, this insult to the name of Christ. And, in particular, why do not Baptists, whose fathers stood against the world for soul liberty, make themslves heard when these relics of mediaeval big-otry and persecuting intolerance are found in our free country ? Sunday laws like those in Tennessee and Maryland are a disgrace to a Christian commonwealth in this nineteenth century, and should be re-pealed at the earliest possible moment. The farmer who has been so sternly dealt with by the State of Maryland be-longs to that denomination known as " Seventh-day Adventists." He observes Saturday as a day of worship, and con-sequently is absolved by his conscience from the observance of Sunday. To him the first day of the week has no more sa-credness than the third, and we are ex-horted by the Apostle Paul to have due regard for such scruples on the part of our brethren. (Rom. 4 : 4-6). He disturbed nobody by his labor, and he should not have been molested. We have known cases in which Seventh-day Christians de-served the penalties of the civil law. In one case, a Seventh-day Baptist kept a blacksmith shop just across the village street from a Baptist Church, and lie al-ways managed to have a job of hard pounding on his anvil at the hour of di-vine service in the Baptist Church. He deserved to be punished, not for working on Sunday, but for malicious disturbance of the worship of other Christians. He was persecuting those who differed from him in faith and practice. Had he been inoffensive about his work, and had the Baptists procured his prosecution for Sun-day labor, they would have been persecu-ting him for a difference of faith and prac-tice. Baptists ought always to keep their minds clear on this one point: no laws re-lating to the observance of Sunday are valid that are founded on any belief as to 