MAY 2, 1895. C.A.N- 139 honest toil for a livelihood is an imposition upon the rights of the people. Suppose the State should pass a law for-bidding anyone to make garden on Wednesday, there is not a religious person of any sect or denomination in the world who would not condemn it as unjust and an infringement upon his rights. No person could be made to believe that making garden on Wednesday is a crime against the State, and why not ? Be-cause making garden can in no possible way be construed to be a criminal act, no matter if it be open to the observation of the whole community. That would not change the nature of the act; the fact of being seen in the act of planting seeds does not make it a crime to plant seeds. Think of a judge of the court pronouncing sentence upon a man for no other reason than that some persons saw him making garden. Every honest man would be disgusted with such procedure. Then it is plain that a law forbidding honest labor can not be based on the act itself and therefore must be based upon something besides the mere performance of the act. If there is any crime in the act of making garden, husking corn,, digging potatoes, or any other laudable work it must be in the time when it is done, or the place where it is done. What possible contingency could arise that would make husking corn in one's own field a crime if done five minutes before twelve o'clock Sunday night and no crime if done five minutes later? Would anyone consider husking corn a crime if done five minutes before twelve o'clock on Wednesday night and no crime if done five minutes later ? Or would any person consider husking one's corn a crime if done five min-utes before twelve on any other night but Sun day night ?ŠNo. Then the criminality of the act must depend on the time when it is done, and that time must be Sunday time. This is further shown by the fact that two men may perform similar acts at the same mo-ment of time, and one is denounced as a criminal, is arrested, fined, and imprisoned, while the other is considered in the eyes of the same law as an honest, law-abiding citizen. Says one, I cannot see hew it is possible for the same law to adjudge one man a criminal for doing certain acts and another man innocent though doing similar acts at the same time. It is unreasonable that such a law should exist. But to show that these statements are true, I will suppose that State Sunday laws are constitutional. Then suppose there are two brothers, A and B. A lives in New York and B lives in California. A in New York goes out in his field to husk corn at half past twelve o'clock Saturday night. B is doing the same work at the same moment of time. A is arrested, tried, and condemned before the lower court. He appeals his case to the Supreme Court of the United States. That body decides that the work is unlawful, and A is sentenced to imprisonment or to work in the chain-gang until the fine is paid. B, who was doing the same work at the same tithe, is arrested, tried, and the case is also taken to the Supreme Court. That body de-cides that the 'work is lawful, and that B is an innocent, law-abiding citizen. On what grounds could these conflicting decisions be rendered concerning similar acts performed at the same moment of time ? All can readily see that it could not be the act itself; but the crime (if such it is) must depend upon the time at the place where it is committed. But what is there about the time or the place that would constitute the same act a crime in one place and not in another ? 0, you see, it is Sunday in New York three hours before it is Sunday in San Francisco, so that an act performed at half past twelve on what is called Saturday night constitutes the person who  does the act, a criminal, while the man in San Francisco who is performing the same work at the same time is a law-abiding citizen. And why so ?ŠBecause Sunday does not reach him till three hours later, so that while his brother A in New York is a criminal, B is a just man, although he is doing the same work at the same time. But let B continue his work three hours longer till Sunday comes along and catches him at his work, and lo, all of a sudden he becomes as dangerous a criminal as his brother in New York. But what is there about the "civil Sunday" that so suddenly transforms a commendable act into a crime and sends an honest toiler to prison or to the chain-gang ? There must be something wonderful about the " civil Sun-day " that gives it the power to so suddenly change a peaceful, quiet, honest citizen into a " jail bird." That something is an anti-Christian, persecuting religion. By no other process of reasoning than that he who works on Sunday is a heretical enemy of the State-established religion, can it be made to appear that honest Sunday toil is criminal. And yet some tell us that Sunday laws have nothing to do with religion! J. F. BALLENGER. "ROME HAS SPOKEN." [The following editorial kindly translated from Die Rundsehau (Chicago) of February 20, and sent us for publication, by Rev. Oscar Goelz, of Gretna, La., dis-plays unusual courage and perception.] IN the seventeenth chapter of his widely circulated book, "The Faith of Our Fathers,"  (44th edition, Baltimore, 1893), the head of the Roman Catholic Church in the United StatesŠCardinal Archbishop James Gibbons Šon pages 288, 289, writes the following words Thank God, we live in a country where liberty of conscience is respected, and where the civil Constitu-tion holds over us the aegis of her protection, without intermeddling with ecclesiastical affairs. From my heart, I say: America, with all thy faults, I love thee still. And' perhaps at this moment there is no nation on the face of the earth where the Church is less trammeled, and where she has more liberty to carry out her sublime destiny, than in these United States. . . . I do not wish to see the day when the Church will invoke or receive any government aid to build our churches, or to pay the salary of our clergy; for, the government may then begin to dictate to us what doc-trines we ought to preach. And in proportion as State patronage would increase, the sympathy and aid of the faithful would diminish. With these words, the highest dignitary of the church of Rome here in this country does not only declare the existing religious liberty of this country to be the most desirable condition under which his ecclesiastical community could best fulfill its pretended object, but also expresses the wish that in the relation of the State to the Church there may never occur such a change, whereby the for-mer would be made the patron and protege of the latter. In Other words, Cardinal Gibbons professes the American, and let us add, the Protestant principle of the complete separation of Church and State. We need not now investigate whether this utterance of his may be accepted as it reads or whether in the shrine of his heart he has made provision by all sorts of reservations, clauses, and saving clauses, in order, when necessity demands, to change it into its vdy opposite. At any rate, it is a fact that we have very often heard similar utterances out of the mouths of Romish prelates and promi-nent laymen, especially so in late years. The lips of American Catholics have been over-flowing with praise for our country and its golden liberty, and time and again they assure us that they desire nothing more for them- selves than all enjoy,Šliberty of conscience and equality before the law, and in no way intend undermining the principle of separation of Church and State. These assurances on their part have often been accepted as some- what suspicious, and therefore they have re-peated them with so much more zeal and have palmed themselves and their church off as the true representatives of ecclesiastical and civil liberty. And now their lord and master, the pope at Rome, cometh and doth draw a thick line through all of these nice assurances and as-sertions of theirs. Since the pope published his latest encyclical, as a Roman Catholic pa-per itself must confess, " a favorite dogma of patent American Catholic 'liberalism,' that is, the pretended insurpassability of our relation [that is, complete separation] of State and Church " has totally exploded. Henceforth no papist can make us believe that their so-called church approves the utterances of Cardinal Gibbons and other papal leaders. Roma locuta est, causa finita est: Rome has spoken, and that settles the question. Two weeks ago, we commented on that portion of the papal encyclical most important to our country, and deem it our duty to again call our readers' attention to it. 'Tis true we knew long ago what the pope's intentions were toward America. Rome never changes, and consequently it could be no secret to any true Protestant, that just as the popedom in general, so too its present in-. cumbent hated the true liberty of our country and abhorred the separation of Church and State legally established in the same. Whoso-ever was capable of reading papal encyclicals, that is, understood their true character, could perceive this among others even from the encyclical of November 1, 1885, in which the pope prescribes unto his subjects just with respect to the United States too thatŠ All Catholics must make themselves felt as active elements in daily political life in the countries where they live. They must penetrate, wherever possible, in the administration of civil affairs. . . . All Catholics should do all in their power to cause the con-stitutions of States and legislation to be modeled in the principles of the true church. Although all this is so plain in itself, and plainly shows what the pope wishes to make of these United States, namely, vassals of the papal chair; still there was thus far lacking a clear, unequivocal, authentic declaration of the purposes and words of the present pope, that could neither be misinterpreted nor ex-plained away. We have now an interpretation of this nature in the latest encyclical, and as hateful as it is in itself, still one can only thank the pope for his having now put an end to all uncertainty and doubt concerning his real, true attitude toward our Republic. Leo XIII. declares clearly and emphatically that the separation of State and Church under the existing peculiar circumstances obtaining, may indeed have' been favorable toward the increase and prosperity of the Romish Church, in so far as there had been no impediments put in the way of the natural fertility of the church. But then the pope proceeds thusŠwe give his own words in the original and in literal translation Sed quaniquain .haec vera sunt, tamen error tollen-dus, ne quis hinc sequi existimet, petendum ab Amer-ica exemplum optimi Ecclesiae status; aut universe licere vel expedire, rei civilis reique sacrae distractas esse dissociatasque, more americana rationes. Yet, though all this is true, it would be very erroneous to draw the conclusion that in America is to be sought the type of the most desirable status of the Church; or that it would be universally lawful or expedient for State and Church to be, as in America, dissevered and divorced. And then Leo declares: the church "would bring forth more abundant fruits if; in addi- 