AMERICAN SENTINEL. 793 These manifestations of religious bodies who demand that their religious views and practices be forced upon other people by law, are never complete without an amazing amount of assumption. The Union of Church and State Condemned by Christ. By B. TV. Noel, M. A. THE intimations in the New Testament, that God requires the separation of the Christian churches from the state are unequivocal. Let us first examine our Lord's statement to Pilate of the nature of his kingdom, contained in the two nar-ratives of Luke and John. "The whole multitude of them arose and led him to Pilate. And they began to accuse him, saying, We found this fellow perverting the nation, and forbidding to give tribute to Caesar, saying that he himself is Christ a king. And Pilate asked him, saying, Art thou the king of the Jews? And he answered him and said, Thou sayest it. Then said Pilate to the chief priests and to the people, I find no fault in this man." Our Lord was charged with claiming to be king of the Jews, and therefore, as king, claiming tribute from them, and forbidding that the Jews should pay tribute to the Roman emperor, Tiberius. Pilate, therefore, as governor, asked him whether the accusation was true; that he did claim to be king of the Jews. Jesus acknowl-edged its truth, and yet so explained the character of his claim, that Pilate saw it to be compatible with the reign of the emperor, and declared, in consequence, that he found him guilty of no crime against the Roman law. By this account of St. Luke it is plain, first, that Jesus did claim to be king of the Jews, according to the charge brought against him by his enemies; but, sec-ondly, that it was such a dominion as was compatible with the dominion of the emperor. Now a secular do-minion would not have been compatible with it. The dominion of the emperor, obtained by conquest, and consolidated by imperial laws, was supported by taxa-tion, and rested ultimately upon force. If Jesus had claimed to be king of the Jews in the same sense in which Tiberius was their king, then his laws must be substi-tuted for those of Rome, his right to tax the nation for the expenditure of his government must destroy the em-peror's right, and that right must be enforced by his army. In this case Pilate must necessarily have pro-nounced him to be the enemy of Csar; and when, in-stead, the governor declared that he found in him no fault at all, it is clear that in the opinion of the governor he claimed no right of enacting a new code of civil and of criminal law; he did not mean to maintain his govern-ment by taxation; nor would he collect a revenue by force. The narrative of St. John places these facts in a still clearer light: "Then Pilate entered into the judgment- hall again, and called Jesus, and said unto him, Art thou the king of the Jews? Jesus answered him, Sayest thou this thing of thyself, or did others tell it thee of me? Pilate answered, Am I a Jew? Thine own nation and chief priests have delivered thee unto me: what hast thou done? Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my serv-ants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence. Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then? Jesus answered, Thou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth. Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice. Pilate saith unto him, What is truth? And when he had said this, he went out again unto the Jews, and saith unto them, I find in him no fault at all." Jesus was charged with claiming to be king. Pilate, therefore, having asked whether he was the king of the Jews, Jesus, before answering that question, demanded whether he had asked this from anything which he bad himself observed, apparently intending to direct the at-tention of Pilate and of others to the fact, that the malice of the priests, and not any:public misconduct of his, had occasioned his arrest. Pilate, answering that he was no Jew, but that the priests had brought him before that tribunal, asked him what his offense was. Jesus now replied to the original question, whether he was the king of the Jews, thus: "My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews; but now is my kingdom not from hence." The object of his answer was to clear himself of the chasge of rebellion. Now, this might be done in either of three ways. He might have denied his claim to be king, and then the whole accusation would fall; or, as-serting his divine supremacy, he might have declared that he was the spiritual and the secular king of the Jews, to whom the emperor was bound to submit, in which case Pilate must either have become his disciple, or he must have declared him guilty of rebellion; or, thirdly, he might have maintained that he was king of the Jews, and yet admit the imperial authority of Tiberius, by explaining that his kingdom was spiritual, not secular: that between the spiritual dominion and the secular there was so complete a separation that the one could not interfere with the other; and that, in consequence, he could be no rival of the emperor. And this was, in fact, the substance of his answer: "My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my king-dom not from hence." It is clear that Pilate was per-mitted by our Lord so to understand it; because, when Pilate further asked, whether, then, he claimed to be a king, he answered, "Thou sayest (right) that I am a king." While he stood there, charged with rebellion, because he declared himself to be king of the Jews, he 