650 AMERICAN SENTINEL. This writer, representing the denomination, gives the fact as to the manner in which many of the churches reached the conclusion that Sunday was the preferred day to be observed:Š "Had the name "Christian Sabbath," or even "Sab-bath," been found in the New Testament, according to modern usage, it would have sanctioned that usage and made it imperative. Being wanting, we are left to rea-son the matter out in the light of unquestioned princi-ples."Šp. 173. The `ŁWestminster Confession" forms the basis of doctrines of the Baptists, Presbyterians, and Congrega-tional denominations. This states:Š "From the beginning of the world to the resurrection of Christ the Sabbath was kept holy on the last day of the week; and from the resurrection of Christ was changed into the first day of the week, which in Scripture is called Lord's day, and is to be continued to the end of the world -as the Christian Sabbath." John Calvin laid the foundation of denominational -creeds, and his writings are interesting in that they dis-close his views on the unsanctified Sunday. He con-demned the epistles of those of the "Fathers," so called, who are sometimes quoted to make out a case for Sun--day observance in the early churches. In his sermon 34, he says:Š "In respect to men's rawness and by reason of their slothfulness, it is necessary to have one special day dedi--cated to think upon God. It is true we be not bound to the seventh day, neither do we keep the same day that was appointed to the Jews, for that was Saturday. But to the intent to show the liberty of Christians, the day was changed because Jesus Christ in his resurrection did set us free from the bondage of the law and cancelled the obligation thereof. That was the cau e why the day was shifted." This builder of creeds varies the teachirig about the change of the Sabbath to the first day of the week be-cause of the resurrection, in that he does not regard the time of the resurrection as on Sunday; but because of the resurrection of Jesus, regardless of the day on which it occurred, men were made free from the operation of God's commandments, and could select whatever day they wished for a rest day. The Roman Catholic Church teaches that Christ rose on the first day of the week; but it also teaches as re-gards the change from the keeping holy the Sabbath day, which all admit is the seventh day, that the Roman ŁCatholic Church, without Scriptural authority, caused the day to be shifted to Sunday, and that it is the "Gen-uine Offspring of the Cfnion of the Holy Ghost and the Catholic Church, His Spouse." It goes further and states that Protestants have no part in the newly selected day, showing that it is not considered by Catholics to be a mere substitution of Sunday for Saturday just because it commemorates the event of the resurrection, which would be rightful for any creed or sect to observe. They .make it to be specially a "church day," appropriate only to the Roman Catholic ceremonials. The "Westminster Confession" bases its reverence for the day on the simple fact which is alleged, that on the first day of the week Jesus rose from the dead. But if Jesus had stepped forth from the tomb at midday on the first day of the week in the presence of his disciples, and a multitude of those who were friendly to him, this would not stand as an excuse for discarding the Sabbath of the Lord, unless there had been a direct command to make the change. The Swiss churches, in their "Confession," like the statements of Tyndale and Calvin, set forth that the selected day is by authority of "the church," and that it would be proper to select any other day. This eliminates the element of sanctity for the day due to the commemo-ration of any event, or for anything that is taught in the Scriptures, Old or New. Calvin and:John Knox, viewed the change of the day to be observed as "a proper instance of Christian liberty" and discussed as to whether the Reformed Protestants would not more completely estrange themselves from the Roman Catholics by adopting Thursday as the rest day. There have been published statements in religious papers to the effect that there has been a consideration of this same thought by the bishops of the Methodist Episcopal Church, the feasibility and desirability of mak-ing Thursday their rest day to the discarding of both the seventh and the first days of the week. The Methodist Episcopal Church in the United States, like other Methodists, holds to "The Articles of Religion," which contains no reference to the Sunday question (Schaff, Creeds.ŠLewis, 414). Among its publications several tracts indicate that the Methodists view Sunday as do their neighbors, the Baptists, and Presbyterians, .favoring the observance of the day on the general basis of the "Westminster Confession." The various religious bodies, as the Unitarians, Uni-versalists, the religious communities, Ethical societies, Mormons, etc., are without strong views on Sunday ob-servance, while the Reformed Presbyterians are the most exacting. The remark of Professor Weston, of the Disciples of Christ, is significant; he aptly sets forth the true fact when he says: "The scriptural authority being wanting, we are left to reason." Human reason is just what has placed Sunday above the commanded Sabbath of the Lord. That is just what the claim made by the Roman Catholic Church, and all the churches, means, when carefully analyzed. There is certainly confusion among tha great church organizations regarding the reasons for substituting Sunday for the true Sabbath. "God isnot the author of confusion," and everything said Łby him upon the subject of Sabbath observance teaches a strict keeping of the seventh day in honor of the Lord thy God. THE Sabbath is God's, though made for man. 