336 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. 42. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 29, 1891. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE very use of the terms, " American Sabbath," " civil Sabbath," " Christian Sabbath," etc., is a confession that the institution described by them is distinct from the Sabbath. The Bible knows only the Sabbath. THE municipal corporations of Colon and Panama have adopted Sunday closing regulations, "following the example of other Christian countries," as the ordi trance narrates. The Isthmus of Panama has thus become a Christian country, and should receive official recognition from the National Reform Association. Ł-Ł Ł THE Sunday agitators confidently expect to secure from the Fifty-second Congress some substantial recognition of Sunday sacredness ; something that can at least be plead as a precedent for still more re-ligious legislation and governmental med-dling in questions which the founders of our political system supposed they had forever left with the individual con-science. THERE iS reason to believe that the monster sensation which Mr. Crafts prom-ises soon to spring upon the country, will prove to be a concerted action on the part of the "Rest-day Leagues," which he has been organizing all over the United States. Their system of secret committees of picked spies makes this feasible. Their possible achievements would be limited only by the ability of their Loyola. Ł $ THE Christian Press, an advocate of Sunday laws and their rigid enforcement, recently said : " Conviction may be forced upon us, but conversion will never be." To this we responded saying :Š That paragraph has the good old gospel ring. Then why enforce Sunday observance ? Any Christian should be in favor of the sentiment ex-pressed in the foregoing, and be ready to work for it with, all his might. Enforced Sunday observ-ance would not be a whit better than enforced con-version. The Press can see the one, why can it not see the other just as clearly ? The question thus raised by THE SENTI-NEL is answered by the Colorado Graphic in these words:Š Because it [the Christian Press] is blinded by its ecclesiasticism. It wears dogmatic glasses. It can see no good in an Adventist, a Jew, a Seventh-day Baptist or a conscientious Agnostic. It would  persecute all other religious dogmas to enrich its own. It does not believe in' the personal liberty of the individual, and no doubt delights -in the persecution of Mr. R. M. King, of Teneessee, who was indicted for plowing his, field on the first day of the week (commonly called Sunday), after hav-ing carefully and devoutly observed the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, as directed in Ex. 20:8-11. Away with your hypocrisy and your miserable cant! Be honest 1 That THE SENTINEL always is. And that is about the view of the ques-tion generally taken by the unbiased sec-ular press. True.  religion gains nothing by attempted coercion. The spirit of the gospel is opposed to force, and everybody but the bigot knows it. IN the last issue of THE SENTINEL refer-ence was made to the sitting of the Sec-ond Ecumenical Methodist Conference, at Washington, D. C., and to the fact that much interest would attach to the action taken by the Conference on the religio-political questions which would be brought before it. The subject of memorializing the World's Fair Commissioners in regard to the Sun-day closing of the Exposition was called up and' subsequently referred to a com-mittee of six which brought in a report embodied in a series of seven resolutions unqualifiedly petitioning the Commission-ers to " prevent the proposed opening of the World's Columbian Exposition on the Lord's day ;" and presenting this memo-rial to them as representing the voice of " the Methodist Churches throughout the world." The resolutions are reported as having been unanimously adopted and no hint is given of any discussion on the legal, civil, and constitutional questions involved in thus enforcing a religous rest by civil law upon all the world at the World's Fair. THE County Court of Green County, Ky., has assessed $900 and costs, against the Louisville and Nashville Railroad Com-pany, for the violation of the Sunday law, by labor done in the repairing of tracks on Sunday ; and the Frankfort Court of Appeals, on Oct. 13, affirmed the judg-ment. It is a significant fact that the majority of the prosecutions under reli-gious laws are in the southern States, and that the vote of the Board of Lady Man-agers of the World's Fair in favor of Sun-day closing would have gone largely the other way had it not been for the South-ern members. Sam Small and W. F. Crafts also speak boastfully of the atti-tude of the southern States upon the Sun-day law question as being uncompromis-ingly for a strict enforcement. Why is this ? Have these States, which are now so ready to prosecute and persecute, been the cradle in which has been bred and and from which has gone forth to the world an intelligent, broad, evangelical, Christian spirit in greater degree than from other communities which are slower  in appeal to the civil law to enforce their religious beliefs? Is this so, or is it not so? And,  if it is, or is not, what does the fact teach ? Ł  ON the question of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, the Sentinel of Lara- mie, Wyoming, says :Š - We don't care very much about the matter, either way, and it is not likely anything we might say would have much influence in deciding it. . . . But it looks to us very like pharisaical fanaticism that would close the Fair and open the saloons and beer gardens on Sunday. It is dur private opinion that nine-tenths of those who would visit the great Exposition on Sunday Š if they had a chanceŠwould, if it is closed, put in their Sunday in a very much worse place. Anyhow, if we were running a saloon or a beer garden in Chicago, we would be in favor of closing the Exposition on Sunday for fear it would, if open, attract our patrons away from us. This is a, sufficient answer to all the " civil " pleas made for Sunday closing. Of course it does not touch the religious phase of the question, which after all is the only phase there is to it; for were it not for the religious character of the day, nobody would want the Fair closed on Sunday, except it might possibly be the saloon-keepers. IN a recent sermon in Duluth, Minne-sota, Rev. George W. Morrison said :Š The greatest Sabbath-breaker on record is the Sunday newspaper: it is one of the most violent forms of Sabbath breaking. . . . Some people say it is the Monday paper which is responsible, but that is not soŠit is the Sunday sheet. There is more necessity for a saloon seven days in the week than there is for .a paper every day. And why does this minister think the Sunday paper worse than the Sunday sa-loon? The answer is not far to seek; the Sunday paper keeps people from church who would probably go were it not for the paper; they read the paper and " let the hour of public worship go by unheeded," while scarce one in a hundred of those who frequent the saloon on Sunday would go to church if the saloon were closed. The Sunday paper is the foe of the Sunday 'preacher, because it reduces his congrega-tion by offering greater attractions than he has to offer. THE Kansas City correspondent of a Pittsburg paper claims that although "the laws of the State are admirably adapted to suppress all Sunday desecration, yet the officers positively refuse to interfere." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL.. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, =VOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious testa, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and !Mate, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - me. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York 