THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 115 in this council which is to decide what the prin-ciples of the Christian religion are. Since they ask the privilege of doing this (defining the Christian religion), it is only fair to ask the ques-tion, What have these principles which you would define as the principles of the Christian religion, led you to do ? what kind of spirit have they led you to manifest ? We will let their own words answer these questions. The Christian Statesman of October 2, 1884, says : "Enforce upon all that come among us the laws of Christian morality." How long would a per- son have to be "enforced" to obey the laws of Christian morality before he would say, "The love of Christ constraineth me "? By this very act of enforcing Christian morality they are trying to do something which will drive people farther away from Christ instead of drawing them closer. That is one flaw in their principles of the Chris-tian religion. In the Christian Statesman of November 1, 1883, Mr. Coleman says : " To be perfectly plain, I believe that the existence of a Christian Con-stitution would disfranchise every logically con-sistent infidel." Remember, that with National Reformers all who oppose their views are infidels. Isn't that pretty hard? Webster defines "dis-franchise " as follows : "To deprive of the rights and privileges of a free citizen." One of the rights of every citizen, in this country, is the right to worship God, or not to worship God, according to the dictates of his own conscience. Another right is to be protected; another to vote; another to hold property, etc. So Mr. Coleman would take away such rights as these; take away all rights to freedom, as a free citizen ; all rights to be protected; all rights to worship God according to your own idea, etc., etc. It looks very much like just making a man a vagabond on the face of the earth, does it not? And why should all this be done? Simply be-cause you don't believe as Mr. Coleman does. How would you like such principles as these taught to your children? Yet this seems to be Na-tional Reform religion. In the Statesman of May 21, 1885, the Rev. E. B. Graham says: " We might say in all justice, if the opposers of the Bible do not like our government, and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land, and in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil, subdue it, and set -up a government of their own on infidel and atheistic ideas, and then, if they can stand it, stay there until they die." What kind of Christianity is that? Just because a man does not agree with you in religious views, send him straight to the devil. Does that sound much as if that man's " Christian principles" had led him just where he ought to be to teach others? It does seem to me that he has been led just where he would be likely to recommend some carnal power to enforce his ideas of the Christian principles. Does his talk sound very much like the gospel in its simplicity when it went forth "conquering and to conquer"? The principles of the Christian religion have been legislated upon far too much by worldly powers already, Mr. Graham. That is the reason it does not go forth " conquering and to conquer," as much as it used to. But there is another point in Mr. Graham's remark. It is this : he speaks his sentiments in " all justice." That is the Na-tional Reform idea of justice. Again : The Rev.  Jonathan Edwards said in a speech in New York City in February, 1873 :Š " What are the rights of the atheist ? I would tolerate him as I would tolerate a poor lunatic ; for in my view his mind is scarcely sound. So long as he does not rave, so long as he is not dangerous, I would tolerate him. I would tolerate him as I would tolerate a conspirator." Mr. Edwards takes pains to explain the term " atheist." He simply makes out that all who are opposed to this movement, which he is work-ing to forward, are atheists. Please notice this : it is possible for an atheist to rave. It is possi-ble for a Seventh-day Baptist to rave. It is possible for a Seventh-day Adventist to rave. How may they do it? Simply by speaking their convictions. If they do this they are to be toler-ated as conspirators, and, of course, trotted off to jail. Again, Mr. Edwards says: "Yes, to this extent I would tolerate the atheist, but no more. Why should I? The atheist does not tolerate me. He does not smile either in pity or in scorn upon my faith." Mr. Edwards has spoken too plainly to be misunderstood this time any way. If he has not taught the doctrine, which, if expressed in words, would be, Love those who love you; hate those who hate you; curse those who curse you; and anything of like import you have a mind to add, then I don't know the meaning of plain English. Again, Mr. Edwards says: "Tolerate atheism, sir, there is nothing out of hell that I would not as soon tolerate." There you have it all in a nutshell. That can not be misinterpreted. If there is nothing out of hell as bad as an atheist (atheist, deist, Jew, Seventh-day Baptist, and Seventh-day Adventist), then it is plain that he would be closer to his place if he was sent to hell; and that is not all, Mr. Edwards manifests a spirit to send him there, if he can. Well, friends, how do you like the National Reform version of the "principles of the Christian religion" ? You have a few of them before you, decide if you like them or not. C. EMNIERSON. 6 4. Sunday Legislation Is Church and State Union. THE following is a sermon which was delivered, March 24, by Rev. R. D. Clark, pastor of the Baptist Church at Eureka, Cal. So highly was it appreciated that, by special request, he re-peated it two weeks later, April 7, in Russ Hall in that city. We recommend it to the careful perusal of all into whose hands this number of the SENTINEL may fall, as a candid statement of facts, by one who cannot be accused of being prejudiced against the Sunday sabbath:Š The efforts which are now being pushed, to secure national legislation in favor of Sunday observance, mark an important era in the his-tory of the Sabbath question. Let no one be deceived in regard to this movement, for it strikes directly at the foundations on which our republic rests. Everyone who is familiar with the history of this country, is not ignorant of the struggles through which the colonies passed in securing liberty from ecclesiastical oppression, a separation between Church and State, and the right of every individual to worship God according to the dic-tates of one's own conscience. Whatever legis-lation may be inaugurated, looking towards com-pelling men to_ observe any religious requirement,  is a union of Church and State, and will only result in untold evil. This Sabbath question is one which involves the fundamental rights of the individual con-science, the constitutional rights of each in. habitant of these United States, as well as the constitutional rights of each State under the national compact. Of course, there is a growing tendency on the part of a great mass of our peo-ple to disregard Sunday as a sacred day, and in this State, as you all know, the law in regard to Sunday has been set aside altogether. To remedy this state of things, an effort is being made to introduce national legislation, which shall not simply supplement State and municipal legislation, but which shall compel a strict abstinence from secular labor or business in all places and departments, which are under the direct control of Congress, including inter- State commerce. The radical and revolutionary character of this movement, and the possible re-sults which may spring from it, are not under-stood. They cannot be appreciated at a glance. There is involved in this question an unconsti-tutional centralization of power and dictatorship on the part of the national Government. There is a direct, though concealed, purpose in this movement to accomplish a practical union of Church and State. This movement is directly opposed to the republican doctrine of religious liberty, and the scriptural doctrine of freedom of conscience. Here is the title of the bill: " A bill to secure to the people of these United States the enjoy-ment of the first day of the week, commonly known as 'the Lord's day,' as a day of rest, and to promote its observance as a day of religious worship." The closing section of the bill declares that local legislation of States and municipalities "shall be construed, so far as possible, to secure to the whole people rest from toil during the first day of the week, their mental and moral culture, and the religious observance of the Sabbath-day." Resting from secular business and labor has been the specific method of sanctifying the Sab-bath. It is claimed that the Lord's day cannot be observed religiously as it ought, unless men do rest from their secular affairs. It is further claimed by the advocates of this bill, that if any are enabled to rest thus religiously, all must rest. Therefore, they seek such legislation as will com-pel all to rest, whether they conscientiously de-sire to do so on religious grounds or not, in order that those who desire to rest religiously may thus rest. There is, therefore, no meaning in the ex!' pressiou, "Lord's day," as a day of rest, except from the standpoint of religion. Anyone can see, with no very great insight into the future, that such legislation would give the National Government a supervision and dictatorship over all decisions which might be called for under local legislation, requiring local authorities to so construe existing legislation as to secure the re-ligious observance of the first day of the week. The advocates of this bill are so intent on its passage that they have sought the aid of the Roman Catholics. In seeking the aid of the Romanists to support this Sunday legislation, Protestants are helping to put themselves and the American nation into the hands of the Papal hierarchy. To obtain control of civil govern-ment through national legislation, has been the life-long policy of the Papal power. Having thus, like the camel, gotten partly inside the tent, Romanism would not fail to push its work 