241 SkiNFIPINTML,.. VoL. 9, No. 31. tin uance of education of Indian children as now provided for. Mr. Gallinger expressed the belief that these school appropriations were in con-travention of the spirit, if not the letter, of the Constitution. He did not believe that Congress could long stand on the ground which it occupied to-day. There was already a gathering storm against appropriating money for sectarian pur-poses, and that storm would break before a great while. The principle was wrong and had to be reversed sooner or laterŠand the sooner the better. Mr. Call said that the senator from New Hampshire did not differ on that point from the Committee on Appropria-tions, nor did the committee differ from him. He knew that the public opinion of the country was opposed to sectarian schools. But the question was, what could the Committee on Appropriations do ? These contracts had been made and these contract schools established. Ought the children to be taken away from them ? An item of $1,000 for the repair of the church and building used for school pur-poses on the San Xavier reservation, in Arizona, led to a statement by Mr. Cock-rell, of Missouri, chairman of the Com-mittee on Appropriations, that this was an old Greek Church, probably the oldest church in the United States, not even excepting that at Santa Fe; that it was a work of rare skill in architecture, and that the real object of the appropiation was to preserve it as one of the antiqui-ties of the country.ŠWashington Post. *- Ł  Let the People Vote on the Question. THE Albany correspondent of a city paper announces that the Committee on Charities of the Constitutional Convention has changed its opinion regarding the withdrawal of State aid from sectarian charitable institutions. At the beginning it says the majority of the committee be-lieved that none of the State's money should be paid to these institutions. Now the opinion of all the members but one is that the present system should not be changed, because the members have been convinced by personal observation " that the purely State institutionsŠthose that are maintained absolutely at the expense of the StateŠare the poorest and most incompetently managed, and that the sec-tarian institutionsŠthose that succeed in deriving a certain stipend per capita from the StateŠare most commendably con-trolled." Assuming this statement to be correct, we submit that it furnishes no rea-son why State money should continue to go to substantially private asylums over which the State has not any control. If the State's institutions are inferior to the others that is the fault of the State, and it is not a reason for continuing a system of diverting public money to the support of private and sectarian institutions. The machine which has dominated the Demo-cratic party of our State has undoubtedly demoralized the asylums and hospitals which the State conducts. The remedy is not to continue the payment of public money to private institutions, but to elect a governor who will reform the manage-ment of these institutions. No other course is logical. If the committee has concluded that the present system of giving public money to private sectarian institutions is right it  might as well go further and recommend the abandonment of State hospitals and asylums, and turn over the unfortunates to the care of sectarian asylums, protectories, schools and hospitals at public cost, but without public oversight. Why not ? If the sectarians do so much better than the State can do with some institutions, would they not do better with all ? A large number of the people of the State desire an opportunity to vote upon a proposition to abolish all sectarian appro-priations. If the members of the com-mittee, who have seen some sectarian institutions at their best, and under cir-cumstances that are not normal, think to deny the people this right, they will not perform their duty.ŠMail and Express. True of the Sabbath, But Not of Sunday. [The Christian Statesman has the following words, sound and true when applied to the Sabbath, but false as applied to Sunday. Have men no fear of God before their eyes that they can thus pervert the truth and give to a base counterfeit the honor claimed by God for his own rest day 2] OUR complex civilization makes it diffi-cult, we concede, to determine just what is, and what is not, proper to be done on the Sabbath day. But our unwillingness to make sacrifices for conscience' sake adds greatly to that difficulty. There are some kinds of work one cannot do if he would live a loyal Christian life. Because our com-plex civilization calls for the operation of Cie telephone, for example, does not prove that that call is right and should be obeyed by the Christian. It may only be another call to sacrifice for Christ's sake. " The Sabbath will be observed as the Lord of the Sabbath would have it ob-served only when all men humbly ask God to direct their observance of it, and then go straightway and do what he tells them to do." But how will he direct them ? Will it be by some new revelation or by the word of truth ? Has God spoken so distinctly and definitely that one may be sure of his mind ? If one shall take the fourth commandment as fundamental and then all that is found elsewhere in the Bible on the Sabbath question as comple-mentary, with a sincere desire to know and to do " what he believes the Lord would have him do," will he not be likely to become an enlightened and loyal Sab-bath-keeper ? Is there any other safe way for one to do in a matter surrounded with so many difficulties ? Let us be careful that our instruction is such that those who follow it will build on the bed rock. Nothing else is safe. What They Mean by the Phrase, "A Christian Nation." IN a sermon preached in Wilmington, Del., May 20, Rev. T. E. Terry, pastor of St. Paul's Methodist Episcopal Church, thus defined the term, " A Christian Na-tion " :Š There is a decided and growing tendency among the masses of our population toward irreverence for the sacred institutions of Christianity, and toward posi-tive irreligion. No nation can be truly said to be a Christian nation that has not a distinct national type of Christian morality. If this nation is equally given up to the doubts of skepticism, to the denials of agnosticism and infidelity, to a multitude of pagan beliefs and to no belief at all, and to belief in Jesus Christ, then it cannot in truth be said to be a Christian nation. A Christian nation must be a nation acknowl-edging Jesus Christ, and adopting his religion. This national morality cannot exist without religious prin-ciples and religious institutions, Wherever Rome  carried her conquests there she set up her standards and established her laws, and that province became a part of the great Roman Empire. So, wherever Chris-tianity prevails, there she must set up her standards and establish her institutions, and so long as she stays to bless the nation these must remain intact. But what are the facts ? Where in all this land is the sanctity of the holy Sabbath not violated ? Who does not know that the respect and reverence that men entertain for the Church and for the Christian minis-try is sadly waning ? With what flippant irreverence do men handle the Word of God! and yet let it ever be borne in mind that without the ChristianiSabbath, and the Christian Church, and the Christian's BibleŠwithout all of these sacredly cherished and immovably fixed as the foundations of our civilization, America is not, cannot be in any true sense a Christian nation, and he who in any way, and to any extent impairs the strength and influence of these or either of them, or in any way lessens the respect and veneration men feel for them, to that extent he digs away the foundations of our Republic, and forfeits the protection and good-ness of God. Let him who sins against God, and against the Christian conscience of this nation beware Notice, " A Christian nation must be a nation acknowledging Jesus Christ and adopting his religion." "Wherever Rome carried her conquests there she set up her standards and established her laws." And this man, who is called a Christian minis-ter, sets this forth as an example of what the Church should do : do as Rome did : conquer by force and promulgate its reli-gion by the sword ! The Sabbath Question in the Dominion Parliament.* THE honorable gentleman (Mr. Charl-ton, mover of the bill) says: " The State should protect the rights of conscience." This is a very important principle. I want to know where the honorable gentle-man wants to apply it. It is a very true principle applied generally, and I wish it were printed in the honorable gentleman's heart as well as in the hearts of all the people of the Dominion,Šthe State should protect the rights of conscience. . . . But we are not alone in this Dominion. There are not only Protestants and Cath-olics in this country; there are some other subjects of Her Majesty; the honorable gentleman knows it. There are some Jews. In England, in France, in Ger-many, in all the civilized nations of the world, they are a respected set of individ-uals. They have consciences, too; and though not believing in their faith, I am not ashamed to show their way of think-ing. They rely upon the Bible, upon the Old Testament, and what do they find there ? They find the words of God him-self. The honorable mover of the bill himself believes that what I will read there is the Word of God. Take Genesis Šsome honorable gentlemen laugh, but perhaps it will do them good to hear again what they learned by heart when young. Take paragraph two, which reads :Š And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it; because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made.t There, it is the seventh day which God made holy; and then, if you look to Exo-dus, paragraph twentyŠI am told that in English we should say versesŠverse 20, subsection 8, I may be more correct, per-haps, in saying chapter 20, and verses 8, 9, 10, 11:Š Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it *Delivered in the House of Commons, Wednesday, May 80, 1894, by Hon. G. Amyot, Member from Bellechasse, P. Q., and printed in the unrevised "Hansard " No. 49, and in the revised edition columns 3503-3507. Published by the International Religious Liberty Association as No. 23 of the Religious Liberty Library, and for sale at this office, Price, l cents. Usual viscount in quantities. 1.  Gen. 2: 2, 3. 