548 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American $entinel. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 1, 1898. HE who is harsh in governing others, shows that he has not yet learned to govern himself WREN Jesus Christ reproved his dis-ciples for disputing as to which of them should be the greatest, he re-buked politics in his church. FROM statistics relative to the mor-tality caused by the Civil War, as well as that due to the war just ended, it appears that disease is a far more formidable enemy to the soldier than the bullets and shells of his adversa-ries. Thus, in the Civil War, while about 95,000 deaths were caused by gun fire, 186,000 were caused by the fevers and other diseases incident to the hardships and unsanitary condi-tions of camp life. Evidently the so-lution of the problem of removing the causes of this dreadful mortality, is a thing that needs to be earnestly and thoroughly considered by the Gov-ernment before it is again confronted with war. AN Institute of International Law was held recently at The Hague, Hol- land, which was attended by most of the eminent authorities in Europe. One of the most noteworthy speeches was that made by the president, in which he dwelt upon the prospects for international amity. We quote from the N. Y. Sun's report:Š "It could not be denied, he said, that the desire shown by almost all States to render tb emselves independ-ent of their neighbors and insure mo nopolies to domestic industries and agriculture by as far as possible ex-cluding foreign products, did not tally with those sentiments of solid-arity which make agreement among peoples on different points possible.  But what was still more serious and affected the objects of such bodies as the institute more materially was the feverish development among all civil-ized nations of their armaments. . . We were told that they were  a pledge of peace, but, in any case, these means of defense developed to such a degree of perfection, denoted a feeling of mutual distrust and showed that the fear of violent so-lutions intensely occupied men's minds." Such is the latest pronouncement from eminent authorities of the world upon the world's outlook for peace. Out of the carnal nature, out of the covetousness for territory and the lust for power, out of the arming for war, there cometh not peace. The world cannot know true peace be-cause it knoweth not Him who is the Prince of Peace. But the Christian knows Him, and is at peace. IN a paper read at the Cambridge Congress of Zoology, England, Pro-fessor Haeckel said that science has now established the "absolute cer-tainty" that man has descended through various stages of evolution from the lowest form of animal life, during a period estimated at a thou-sand million of years. This is what "science" says. And in saying this, this "science" says something more. If man "descended" from the low-est forms of animal life, it was, ac-cording to the evolutionary theory, by a change so gradual as to be im-perceptible at any point of its prog-ress. The "evolution" must be still going on, the same as in the past, but nobody can see it taking place. Nobody can point to any distinct evolution in animal life that has taken place in his own lifetime, or even in the space of time that is cov-ered by reliable history. The species of the animal world remain to-day just what they were at the time of the earliest human observations. The ape is no nearer to the human now than he was thousands of years ago. This evolutionary process, then, being so extremely gradual, must have filled the world with forms in-termediate between the lowest forms and the highest form, which is man. There ought to be a gradation from the lowest to the highest form, so perfect that it would be imperceptible at any particular point. This is what this"science" demands, and therefore what it says. But instead of this, what is actu-ally seen is that the animal world is divided into entirely slistinct groups or species, an enormous gap lying between any two of them, for which gaps the evolutionary theory utterly fails to account. ' As regards man, the highest animal, this gap has been recognized by the use of the familiar phrase, "the missing link," for which there has been so much search. As 'a matter of fact the "missing link" is not missing between man and the ape alone, but between the ape and lower animals, and between all the different species of animals that ex-ist; and it is not one link merely that is missing, but an endless number of them, enough to account for the slow change from one species to another upon the evolutionary theory. When "science" asks us to accept a theory as sound which is full of such enormous holes, we must respect-fully decline. We have no use for any "absolute certainties" of this kind. We have no use for such "sciences" The science we believe in says that man was created in the im-age of God. If any real evidence could be had in support of the Darwinian theory, we believe it would be found by making man the starting-point of the evolu-tion; for while there is no evidence that the ape is developing into some-thing higher, there is a manifest ten-dency on the part of many men to sink to the level of the ape. TEE trouble is with the system of imperialism which the country has inaugurated, not that the Govern-ment does not mean to govern fairly and well the new trans-marine terri-tory, but that the temptations to corruption in government which a re Ł mote province presents, are too great to be long withstood by those who will get the appointment to the office of governor. The words "There's money in it," tell the story of politi-cal intrigue and corruption for any matter to which they apply. 