356 AMERICAN SENTINEL. mony of the four commissioners of police, the chief who was removed, his successor, and others. The mayor and certain other subordinates or assistants of the boss ad-mitted that they had for years been the friends of men reputed to exercise control over numerous pool rooms and similar resorts kept open in violation and defiance of law. "The chief of police, who declined to transfer to re-mote and undesirable stations officers who had annoyed these law-breakers by attempting to bring them to jus-tice, could not at first be removed because the two Re-publican commissioners in the bipartisan board were unwilling to vote against him. These commissioners were removed, and in their places were appointed two other RepublicansŠone of them upon the recommenda-tion of Senator PlattŠwho promptly voted to retire the obnoxious chief and to put in his place a man who has since been conveniently ignorant of notorious violations of law. "One of these new commissioners made the humili-ating confession that he voted against Chief McCullagh, knowing that he was a good officer, simply to keep his salary of $5,000 a year. Abundant proof was then pro-duced that more than one hundred pool rooms or gam-bling places were open in the city. Both the present chief and the mayor had professed to be ignorant of such violations of law, but it was clear enough that the Police Department had been reorganized with a view to the protection of such law-breakers." This is what exists in New York city government to-day. It is "boss" rule, and it hardly need be said that "boss" rule is not self-government. Such rule is just as far from self-government as is the government of Russia, or the government that has existed in the Philippines. It must be admitted, then, that the same objection urged against Philippine independence- lies equally against the independence of the people of this country's metropolisŠthey cannot govern themselves. And there-fore it is plain that this city ought to be invaded and subjugated, and a foreign rule established here at least until the inhabitants shall have become fitted to rule themselves. However, the people of this city know how to fight and are well able to defend themselves with military weapons of the latest make; and this being so, it is not at all likely that it will be thought necessary anywhere to invade and subdue the people because they are not capable of self-government. Conquering Ourselves and Others. "Sunday School Times." LIFE in its relations to others is very much what we choose -to make of it. If we choose to seek offense in their acts, we shall find plenty. Isaac could have got up a quarrel with Abimelech and the Gerarites which would have embittered his own life and passed down as a ven-detta to his posterity. But he knew that "it takes two to make a quarrel," and he resolved not to be one of the  two. Once and again he yields the point, and fairly wears them out by his courtesy. And with what result? Did they ever think him a poltroon, whom they could trample over? At the last they come meekly and ask to enter into covenant with him, declaring they never meant him a bit of harm, or did it either. He was mani-festly the conqueror through his patience and his cour-tesy, in which they began to see something divine, and they hurried to make terms with him. His quietness under wrong-doing was too much for their blustering quarrelsomeness, as it always will be if a man has the heroism for it. The greatest of conquests was that by the one who gave his cheek to the smiter. Self-Government a Right. SPEAKING of the right of people to self government, The Outlook says that "In fact, self-government is not a right at all; it is a capacity."- "Self government is a capacity, and the right to exercise a capacity depends on the possession of it." No one, then, has a right to exercise a capacity until he has the capacity itself. Is this so? Walking is a capacity; and so is swimming. But no one has a right to walk until he is able to walk, or swim until he is able to swim. Therefore, no person has a right to go in the water to swim until he is able to swim; and no child should be allowed to stand on its feet until it is able to walk! Such is some of the logic of imperialism. A capacity cannot be conferred; it must be developed in the individual who is to gain it. One person cannot confer self-government upon an-other; one nation cannot give self-government to an-other. History contains no record of such a thing. To acquire a capacity for anything, the individual must be allowed to attempt that thing. He cannot ac-quire the capacity by watching some other person per-form it, any more than a person can learn to swim by watching some other person swim. A. people must develop the faculty of self-government out of themselves, and as long as they are denied the right to attempt this, they are denied self-government. The conquerors may set up their own self-government over the subject people, but this will confer no new ca-pacity upon the latter. It would benefit them about as it would benefit an ordinary person to have bequeathed to him the instrument of a great violinist. The instru-ment would do him no good because he hadino ability to play on it. No nation or people wants to have bequeathed to it the government of another, people. Circumstances and needs vary among different peoples, and the govern-ments are adapted to suit these varying requirements in the different countries of the earth. The United. States does not want the government of Great Britain, and 