NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 24, 1898. Single copy 3 cents. VOL. 13, No. 8. IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND RELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. all'Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it (Entered at the New York Post-office.) REFORM individuals, and there will be no need of "national reform." I 14 4  RELmotrs legislation not only invades the rights of man, but those of God himself. EVERY appealinade by the "Christian" church to the state is a denial of the power of godliness. THE ballot stands for physical force, but physical force does not and cannot stand for morality. 444  ERROR is always asking the aid of the state to avert the danger of a collision with truth. But truth never fears such a collision. A SUNDAY law is all right, upon the theory that it is 4 proper for one person to sacrifice principle in order to save some other person's feelings. 1444- Ł 4 THE- only thing that force can accomplish with bad citizens is to put them in the penitentiary. There is not force enough in the world to reform one individual, even were it all concentrated upon him. THE tendency of modern civilization is to destroy in-dividuality; and the only sure refuge for individuality is in the gospel. Without individuality there could be no faith; and without faith, there could be no gospel. ONE of the strangest things in this age of marvels is that Sunday can be commercially the first day of the week, and at the same time be religiouslyŠas we are told Šthe seventh day ! How this can be we do not under-stand. IT is not according to the gospel that a person should be compelled to do what is right. Whether a thing is morally right or wrong, therefore, is a question with which civil government cannot concern itself; for civil government was not instituted to proceed contrary to the gospel. Its proper inquiry is, with respect to any-thing, Is it contrary to the preservation of individual rights? Bible Study with the "Christian Citizen." THE people of Israel in the wilderness was "the church in the wilderness." Acts 7:38. While they were yet in the wilderness, shortly before they entered the land of Caanan, God said of them, "Lo the people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations." Num. 23:9. This was spoken of his church, when as yet it was a separate people: "Lo, the people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations." - This was said of his church when they were about to enter the land of their permanent habitation. It was expressing his will concerning them, that they should not be reckoned among the nations. Thus he never intended his people to set-up a state, to establish a kingdom, or to have any part in any such thing. They were not to be reckoned among the nations. His people then being the church, when he said, "The people shall dwell alone and shall not be reckoned among the nations," he simply said that it was his will that there should be forever a fixed separation between his church and any state or kingdom of the nations on earth. In that word he simply said that the separation which 