THE AMERICAN SENTINih,r, 381 the little village of Rohrbach, near Odessa, under the noble labors of two German pastors named Bonnekemper, father and son. The younger Bonnekemper received his religious training in America. On the death of his father he returned to Russia and took up the work already inaugu-rated ,with great energy and devotion. It was his practice to invite the Russian farm hands, in the service of the German colonists, to attend the " stunden" or " hours " for religious edification which had been instituted for his German parish-ioners. The name of the people, "Stundists," is thus derived. Friendly officials warned Bonne-kemper of the risk he ran in thus tampering with members of the Orthodox Church, and his labors were consequently much restricted. But a blaze was kindled that was to sweep widely through the empire. Of the persecution of the Stundists, an English gentleman says :Š The persecutions they endure are incredible, so opposed are they to the improved humanities of which we boast in the nineteenth century. Fam-ilies are broken up, children torn from their parents to be put under Orthodox [Russian Church] guardianship, men are hauled to jails and convict stations without a shadow of a trial, they are loaded with chains, their bodies clothed with foul prison clothes, they tramp in chains across the Caucasian snows with gangs of desperadoes of the worst type. Words fail me to express a tithe of the indignities practiced on these innocent breth-ren. This gentleman styles these people " in-nocent," and yet they are violators of the civil law, and are punished under the color and form of civil law, just as truly as are the Adventists in Tennessee; and in proceeding against them the authorities are only " enforcing the law." The ma-jority of the people of Russia are mem-bers of the Orthodox Church, and if the Stundists do not want to conform to the precepts of that religion and to the cus-toms of the country which are so inti-mately related to it that they can not be separated from it, they can leave. It is thus that the Russian authorities reason, and it is thus that the authorities of Henry County, Tenn., reason concerning the Adventists. After all religious per-secution and the reasons for it are not essentially different in Russia and Amer-ica. Human nature is the same every-where, and bigotry and intolerance flourish and bring Ł forth fruit in it whether in the Old or in the New World. C. P. B. Ł Ł41P,  Ł  An Unfortunate Disparity. WE know from all the examples of his-tory, from all the long horrible record of bigotry and intolerance, that any union of Church and State is fatal to public interest, any governmental interference with the religious actions or beliefs of men a cruel and unjustifiable offense against our rights and liberties. There is no principle more thoroughly American than that every man shall practice and profess any religion or no religion that he shall choose. There can be no principle more barbaric and au-tocratic, more thoroughly un-American, than the enforcement of religious duties or sacraments by the civic power. It is a relic of a brutal and fearful past. It re-calls the rack and the thumbscrew. It conjures up visions of the fires of Smith-field, of the tortures of Torquemada, and the persecutions of Salem. It is revolting, not alone to all sentiments of political justice and governmental equity, but to that sweet spirit of gentleness and love which is the appeal in the heart of Chris-tianity. Beside all these reasons, such an action is utterly unconstitutional. As far as the laws of Tennessee are concerned there is no conclusion to be reached, as the Constitution reads : " All men have a  natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own conscience; . . . that no hu-man authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of con-science; and that no preference shall ever be given to any religious establishment or mode of worship,"Š whereas the statutes show this beautiful disparity :Š SEC. 2289. If any merchant, artificer, tradesman, farmer, or other person, shall be guilty of doing or exercising any of the common avocations of life, or of causing or permitting the same to be done by his children or servants, acts of real necessity or char-ity excepted, on Sunday, he shall on due conviction thereof before any Justice of the Peace of the County, forfeit and pay three dollars, one half to the person who shall sue for the same, the other half for the use of the county. The Sunday Times would respectfully direct the attention of all good men to this infringement of American rights and lib-erties; and would further respectfully re-fer this barbaric and obsolete statute to our candidates for the Legislature. =Sun-day Times, Memphis, Tenn. Thanksgiving. ONE of the leading papers of this city has this to say about Thanksgiving :Š No one cares to-day for the ceremonial Thanks-giving of the Fathers. The Puritan has gone and with him as he went he took his fasts and feasts, his rigid customs and observances. Thanksgiving is no longer a religious day. Its churchly connection is lost. The Thanksgiving of to-day resembles no more that of the past than the airy splendor of the butterfly resembles the dull, worm-like chrysalis from which it has burst and risen. It is because of this transformation, this enlarg-ing and ennobling change, that the local has be-come universal, and what once was a sectional custom is to-day a festival of national observance. As a religious expression it no longer exists, but as a popular holidayŠas a symbol of home and of the loves, the joys, the memories that cluster around the hearthstoneŠit not only retains but tightens its hold on the regard and affections of the people. It is a day for memory, for meetings after long partings, for clasping of hands in happiest reunion. It is a day for sports and games and children's glee, for laughter and rejoicing, for tables loaded with plenty, for liveliest music and the merry movement of dancing feet. Thanksgiving is the people's day, the day which stands for home and happiness, for gratitude and benevolence, for plenty and peace. The old. Pur-itans builded better than they knew. Their grim and solemn ceremonial has become a feast and fes-tival of gladness. Everybody knows that this is true, and being true it is high time that the mock-ery of setting apart a day, professedly for the worship of God, which is in reality to be devoted to gluttony should end. It is generally conceded, we believe, that above all things the Almighty hates hypocrisy. Degradation of Sacred Things. IT has long been a subject of remark that our Northern brethren mix religion and politics in a way which seems strange to us in this latitude. Not a few preachers and editors of religious journals have boldly entered the political arena. A New York pastor has recently published an astonishing plea for this sort of thing, in which he says :Š A preacher will not be degrading the dignity of his pulpit by taking advantage of a presidential election campaign for the announcement of great moral principles which bear upon political duties. . . . If we put the spirit of Christ rightly into political discussion, it will cease to be secular and become truly sacred teaching. As if this were not enough he closes his somewhat heated argument with those words :Š Rightly understood, the ballot box, in its place and time, is as sacred to the devout Christian as the waters of holy baptism or the table of holy communion in their time and place. No man may claim the honors and enjoy the blessings of a fer-vent Christian except he perform the duties and meet the obligation of a patriotic citizen. As the political affiliations of the author of these remarkable utterances are per-fectly well known to the people for whom they were written it is difficult to avoid the suspicion that this pastor was pur-posely writing a shrewd campaign docu-ment. We have no words to express our utter repugnance for such degradation of sacred things.ŠChristian Index, Baptist, Georgia. The Gloomiest View Yet. THE Washington Post thinks Mr. Wan-amaker should explain something that he has said in one of his recent Sunday-school talks, and in an editorial paragraph, on November 15, has this to say about it :Š In his regular Sabbath afternoon address to Bethany Sunday-school, on the 13th inst., Post-master General Wanamaker said:Š " The strife between God's people and his ene-mies is like that between the two great political parties; a continual and ceaseless wrangle. On the one side are the righteous, on the other the un-righteous. There is no third side. We must choose one or the other. Indifference is fatal. Every man stands either with or against God." This is the gloomiest view yet broached as to the significance of last week's elections. No one hitherto has considered the question in any other than a purely political light, and no one, conse-quently, has suggested that religion was involved. Ordinary persons supposed merely that the coun-try was tired, of Republican theories and policies in government. Mr. Wanamaker, however, assures his Philadel-phia Sunday-school that the late campaign re-sembles the strife between God's people and God's enemies, the righteous being on one side and the wicked on the other. We know, of course, which is the righteous side in the religious strife, because Mr. Wanamaker himself is there in evidence; but he leaves us to guess as regards the political struggle, vouchsafing no tip further than that which the notorious facts of the case contain, viz.: That Mr. Wanamaker's side was disastrously beaten. Does the Postmaster-General mean to imply that the wicked triumphed on Tuesday last and that the truly good are underneath ? This is an extremely important and interesting proposition of Mr. Wanamaker's, but it should be put in a little more specific form if its distinguished author expects it to accomplish real good. Of course Mr. Wanamaker had no in-tention of talking irreligious politics on Sunday. Indeed he has been known to sayŠsince the electionŠthat he could not discuss the political situation on that day, Šwith a reporter. But, in the bosom of his Sunday-school, that would be quite another thing. If to Mr. Wanamaker, as to editor Shepard, " politics is religion," then he could not discuss the sacred sub-ject with an irreverent It porter. Yet, as Mr. Shepard's and Mr. Wanamaker's politics is religion, so Mr. Cleveland's and Mr. Whitney's politics must be irre-ligion. The triumph of irreligion over religion, while a very gloomy subject to Mr. Wanamaker and his Sunday-school, would not necessarily be tabooed as be-tween them, indeed it would be a matter of vital interest. But to converse upon the sad and sacred matter on Sunday, too, with a professor of the conquering irreli-gion, would be, of course, shocking to the feelings, and be at the same time political blasphemy. This is the specific proposi-tionŠMr. Wanamaker and many of his party profess themselves to be the party of political religion and religious politics. To them, their defeat signifies the defeat 