3g6 T148 AMMRICAN Who Owns the Laboring Classes? Tins question was suggested by an account of .a meeting held in Chicago Sept. in the interests of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. Said the Rev. ,Dr. Patton to a reporter, "I am not a bigot, but I do believe in the perpetua-tion of the American Sabbath. We must not become like Europe." " But," said the reporter,. "there are thousands of working people, who, by the nature of their em-ployment, say they could attend on no other day than Sunday." " Shame upon their employers ;" replied the Doctor, "but I think regular holidays will be given, so that these people can attend." During the same session, Rev. J. P. Sankey made the following remark :Š Why if we allowed the compromise, thousands would flock to the Fair Sundays as they do to the parks, and before long the whole thing would be running full blast. No entering wedges in the shape of compromises. The following words were used by Dr. P. S. Henson on the same occasion :Š The question arises, what shall we do with the masses that are accustomed, on six days of the week, to surge in and out of the Exposition grounds ? What shall we do with them and for them on the first day of the week commonly called Sunday ? From these remarks it appears that thousands, and even the " masses," would be glad to attend the Exposition on Sun-day, if it were open on that day, which goes to show that the majority of people have but little regard for Sunday as a sacred day. But there is a certain " we" who have a great reverence for that day, and the persons who compose that " we" would have all others compelled to con-form to their ideas of right and. wrong in respect to Sunday observance. Now the 'question arises, Haven't the large classes of laboring men and women, which comprise nine-tenths of our popu-lation, a right to spend Sunday as they wish ? or must they spend it as a few zealous advocates of Sunday legislation would have them spend it ? In both of these quotations it is no-ticeable that the laboring classes and also the" masses " are referred to as a body of men or class of beings unable to govern themselves. The Fair must be closed on Sunday or they will attend ; holidays must be given them so they can attend the Exposition. As though they .must go just when they are allowed to go, and must stay at home when they are told to stay there. Who has any right to exercise such authority over the laboring classes of this Nation ? Have not the common people minds of their own to think and act for themselves ? Have they not consciences to guide them in their perceptions of right and wrong? or have they become a mere herd of -unreasoning animals that must be'  watched over and driven by some higher order of human beings ? This Nation was  founded by the common people. It was founded for the common people, and woe to the day when the common people of our Nation are unable to make their own laws. At the same meeting it was further argued that there will be about 50,000 persons employed about the grounds dur-ing the Exposition, and that if it were open on Sunday, these persons would have no chance to rest or, attend church. Now if the United States Government should compel these 50,000 persons to go there and conduct the Exposition whether they wished to or not, and then held the Fair open during seven days in the week, there would bo some reason in such a plea as that. The employes of the World's Fair will labor there because they desire to do so, and they will accept the,  place expect-ing to labor on Sunday. They have a mind of their own, and can refuse the place if they do not wish to labor on Sunday. They need no overruling " we " to make them follow the teachings of their own consciences. If not enough men can be found to run the Exposition on the first day of the week, then, of course, it will be closed on that day without any farther ceremony, but so long as there are " masses " to at-tend on that day, if it is open, there will be plenty of willing laborers who can be hired to do the work of running the Ex-position. And who has the right to say it shall not be open on that day as Well as on other days ? Some argue that closing the World's Fair on Sunday has nothing to do with religious legislation, VII when persons can be found who are willing to do the work of running the Exposition on Sunday, and the masses are anxious to flock to it if open, and all are hindered because a few zealous advocates of Sunday sacredness desire to have it closed on that day, it looks very much like discrimination in favor of re-ligious belief. Shall this Nation, at such a time, publish to all the world that this is not what it has always claimed to beŠa free country, where no religion is preferred above another, no one belief protected above the rest ? Shall America say to all the world that the majority of her citizens are not capable of governing themselves, or shall she produce from the soil of self-government, watered by common sense and a due regard for the opinions of others, the peaceful fruits of righteous-ness, freedom, and brotherly love ? Who owns the laboring classes ? God owns them. To God alone are they re-sponsible for how they spend their time. American laboring men are entirely capa-ble of self-government. Their ideas of morality are just as high, and if left to themselves, they will act just as consci-entiously, 6,s"those -Who are so anxious to dictate religionTo them. Then in the words of the Reverend Doctor,Š" Let them alone," " don't do  anything with them," "give them a rest," show to those who shall attend the Columbian Exposition that this is indeed a free NationŠthat it stands on a broad foundation of religious freedom of thought and action. Let the world see that Amer-ica is not contaminated with that spirit of religious bigotry and intolerance which leaves all the thinking and all the religion to a few who consider themselves a little better than the common peopleŠthat spirit which has been the precursor of the de-cline and fall of governments before this, and is no less destructive here and now than in the past and elsewhere. S. 0. LANE. Preaching vs. Practice. IN the course of his Thanksgiving ser-mon Dr. Talmage said :Š I wish you good cheer for civil and religious liberty. . . . Blessed be God that to-day we are free men with the prospect and determination of always being free. No established religionŠJew and Gentile, Arminian and Calvinist, Trinitarian and Unitarian, Protestant and Roman Catholic on the same footing. If persecution should come against the most unpopular of all the sects, I believe that all other denominations would band together and arm themselves, and heart would be stout, and blood would be free, and the right of men to worship according to the dictates of their con-sciences, would be contested at the point of the bayonet, and with blood flowing up to the bits of the horses' bridles. Dr. Talmage should have heard by this time that the boundaries of the United States extend beyond his own Tabernacle walls; or are the windows of his mind and memory, like those of his church, so dimmed with the glory of stained glass and the illuminated figures of religious art and ecclesiastical tradition, that the light of God's truth and the reflection from the cross,, which suffering humanity still bears, can not shine in ? This is the preaching of the minister within the Tab-ernacle walls, but the practice of the judge without is something very different, as witness the case of R. M. King, and at least two score others precisely similar but less prominent; and the cases depend-ing on similar principles of religious in-tolerance, but directed against no particu-lar sect, in our Law Reports and of daily occurrence in courts not of record, num-bering into the thousands. While as yet not one denomination, which Dr. Talmage recognizes as orthodox, much less " all other denominations," has risen to assert the right of any or all to worship as they will,Šor not to worship if they have no loving loyalty to God but deny him in their hearts. But is it true that religious'  denominations are ready, for any cause, " to arm themselves " and contest ques-tions of conscience "at the point of the bayonet, and with blood flowing up to the bits of the horses' bridles" ? This ready reference -Co the trial by combat, in ques-tions involving religion and morals, and even threats of the resort to the sword, 