The Bible Closed. BINDING. Imperial Seal, Tuck Edges, known as the "Divinity Circuit," Leather Lined, Round Corners, Red under Gold Edges. Z60 AMERICAN SENTINEL. A MARVEL IN BIBLE MAKING. Large Type S. S. Teachers' SELE=PRONOUNCING COMBINATION BIBLE. MARK Containing the King James and the Revised Versions on the Same Page. Showing in Simple Form all Changes, Additions and Omissions, and Enabling all Readers to See at a Glance wherein the Two Versions Differ. Both Versions Combined Without Duplicating. The King James Version, set in full and conforming exactly to the Oxford Teachers' Edition, and, wherever a change occurs, the letters , r. v., referring to a foot-note at the bottom of the page, showing the reading as it appears in the Revised Version. Thus, in the same book, we have both the King James and the Revised Versions, complete and intact, without materially increasing the size of the volume or reducing the size of the type. Both printed together in the same column, showing the differences at a glance, and enabling the reader to practically 7-fad both at one and the same time; or, in other words, consuming in the comparative reading of the two texts not more than one-half the time required in the old way. EITHER VERSION ALONE OR BOTH TOGETHER. The great point of eicellence in this arrangement is that while it enables one to read both Versions in almost exactly the same time, it does not mar, or in any way hinder, the reading of the King James Version alone and independently, where one does not care to refer to the revisions. How to Read the Combination Bible. Below is part of page 6o8 of our Combination Bible. The following Key shows how it is to be read : KEYŠThe first RV on page 6o8 appears in verse 37 of the 9th chapter, before "domin-ion." In the King James Version the reading is " dominion over our bodies," etc. By referring to the foot-notes it will be seen that the word " dominion " is changed to "power." Hence the Revised Version reads " power over our bodies," etc. Ł In the 38th verse the King James reads,." because of all this ; " by reference to foot of page it will be seen that the Revised Version reads, " yet for all this." In verse 28 there is an RO, which denotes an omission. Refer to the foot-notes and "(having)" will be found. Every omission is placed in a parenthesis in the foot-notes, and the Revised Version in this instance reads, " every one that had knowledge and understAnding." Thus it is seen that the Revised Version is easily read in connection with the King James Version. The syttem is so simple and so easily understood that no reader finds any difficulty in comparing one version with the other. Specimen of Type used in the S. S. Teachers' Combination Bible. Size of Page 5 x 7y— inches. They that sealed die covenant. NEHEMIAH X. The points of the covenant, they have "'dominion over our bod-ies, and over our cattle, at their plea-sure, and we are in great distress. 38 And "because of all this we 'make a sure covenant, and write it; and our princes, "Le/vites, and ry priests, 2  h  seal unto it. CHAPTER X. N1 The namesg ZnnttsthXtrealgcterxwc.ovenant. 2.9 OW those that sealed were, a l'sre-ht-milah, 4  the Tiesha- tha, a  the son of Hach-a,-lilah, and 2 Azirrilah, Jer-a-mi'- a3 PAshlar, itra-a-r1fah, 11/151-chiljah, 4 HatIthsh, 5 Halrim, larle-moth, 0-ba-drah, 6 DAnliel, OlnIn6-thon, 7 1\16-shtFlam, 11/11j4-m1n, 37 power 38 yet for all thisŠourŠour 9 namely, Seshua etc. 14 chiefs 28 NethiMm,ŠpeoplesŠthat bad Š (having) 30 peoples 31 peoplesŠ (it) ŠaŠ Deut. 28. 48. g 2 Kin. 23. S. 2 Chr. 29. 10 ; 34. 31. Ezra 10.3. ch. 10. 29. 2 Heb. are at the sealing, rchs.eiaot 1.  e.  3 Heb. at the settlings, ch. 9. 38. a ch. 8. 9. 4 Or, the governor. bell. L 1. c See ell. 12. 1-21. forgo 33 mealŠ(an) 34 (the)Š(among)Šaccordibig to our fathers' houses, 35 manner of trees, This is a regular Bible unique, and a good one. It will be mailed postpaid receipt of only $4.00. Agents Wanted. B. C. 445. all they that had separated them-selves:rota the people of the lands unto the law of God, their wives, their sons, and their daughters, every one  " having knowledge, and r° having understanding ; 29 They crave to their brethren, their nobles, gaud entered into a curse, and into an oath, h to walk in Something God's law, which was given 5by ge§ the servant of God, and to ob-serve and do all the commandments of the LouD our LORD, and his judg- ments and his statute; ; 30 And that we would notgive 1: our on daughters unto the "people of the land, nor take their daughters for our sons : 31 k  And if the r"  people of the land bring ware or any victuals on the sabbath day to sell, that we would not Add ress, Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond St., New York. 