SALUTING THE FLAG. "We give our heads, and our hearts, to God and our country! One country! one language! one flag!" AMERICAN SENTINEL. 723 Religion in the Public Schools in Colorado. THERE has been introduced into the school exercises of the public schools of Boulder, Col., by the school board, a feature which is very significant when considered in its relation to the fundamental principles of American gov-ernment. It is called the "American Patriotic Salute." The words of this salute are, "We give our heads, and our hearts, to God, and our country! One country! one language! one flag !" This salute is given by the pupils in a body, standing, and with appropriate gestures. It is delivered facing an American flag, which is held before the school during the giving of the salute by some one chosen as standard bearer. At given signals the pupils rise in their seats, extend the right arm to- ward the flag, then bend it back so as to touch the fore-head with the tips of the fin-gers, and at this point ex-claim, "We give our heads;" then as the hand is carried to the breast and laid over the heart, come the words, and our hearts. " Next the head is thrown slightly back and the arm out stretched , pointing up- ward; and with the countenance assuming an expres-sion of reverence, the words are uttered slowly and in reverential tones, "to God and our country !" The arm is then dropped to the side, and after a brief pause the pupil exclaims, with emphasis, "One country ! one language! one flag !" at the last word extending the arm so as to point directly at the flag; after which the pupil resumes his seat. This salute is made obligatory upon all the pupils. Those who refuse to give it are suspended from the school; and this action has already been taken in a num-ber of instances. Let us consider, therefore, for what cause, in reality, pupils are now suspended from the public schools in the city of Boulder, Col. In this salute the pupil says that he gives his heart  to God. Now, no one knowing anything of the require-ments of Christianity will deny that giving the heart to God is anything less than conversion. "Son, give me thine heart," is the invitation of the divine Word by which God would draw the soul of the sinner to himself. He who gives his heart to the Lord, gives himself. The heart controls the life. It is, therefore, beyond any contradiction, now re-quired by the school authorities of the city of Boulder, that a pupil in the public schools must either profess con-version or be suspended from school! And this, too, in the face of a provision of the funda-mental law of the State, which declares the following (Art. 9, Sec. 8, of the General Statutes of Colorado):Š "No religious test or qualifications shall ever be re-quired of any person as a condition of admission into any public ed-ucational in - stitution of the State, either as tea Ch-er or student; and no teacher or student of such institu-tion shall ever be required to attend or par-ticipate in any religious serv-ices what-ever." Beyond all controversy, the act or pro-fession of giv-ing the heart to God is a re-ligious exer-cise. It is the very essence of religious devotion. It is a matter between the individual and his Creator. Into the sphere of this sacred relationship, comes the State, and with forceful hand assumes to dictate to the individual an act of devo-tion to God, taking the matter out of the hands of both the individual and God. And into the sphere of the sacred individual rights guaranteed by the law of the State, steps the school board of the city of Boulder, and in plain contravention of that law, compels public school pupils to engage in a religious exercise, under penalty of suspension if they refuse ! Do the pupils in the public schools of Boulder indeed give their hearts to God? They are required to say that they do. If they do not, they are required to utter a falsehood ; and that, too, of the most damaging nature. But whether the pupil is sincere or not in his statement, 1 