288 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 36. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 15, 1892. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving Tun AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Youth's Companion thinks in order to keep the school out of politics, " the only possible rule is to make the school a place of instruction in the funda-mentals of knowledge, in morality, and in religion so far as all are agreed. Schools so constituted and no others, should be supported by the public taxes." A fine conception, truly, of what a pub-lic school should be. But where can the religion be found upon which " all are agreed?"   Has anybody ever discovered such a religion ? and if anybody were to discover it would it be worth teaching to anybody in any place ? MANY regard liberty of conscience as one thing and liberty to practice according to the dictates of conscience as quite an-other thing. But there is and can be no liberty of conscience without liberty of action. The Constitutions of most of the States of the Union contain some guaran-tee of liberty of conscience. The Consti-tution of Tennessee, for instance, provides " that no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience." This would seem to be ample provision, and yet the courts of Tennessee have so far ignored it as to practically nullify it by making it guarantee only the right to believe and practice the tenets of one's sect, without the right to disregard laws made in aid of other sects. But this is a vital point; the conscientious Christian can not prac-tice that which he does not believe. Š0Š Two centuries ago the law of Plymouth Colony, Massachusetts, required all pa-rents to have their children baptized. There was certainly in itself no moral wrong in putting a few drops of water on the head of an infant; and it could do the child no harm. But the Baptists refused obedience to the law because they could not conscientiously do that which the law required. They did not so understand bap-tism, and in their view to sprinkle infants and call it baptism, or.  to do it as a re-ligious ceremony, or to acknowledge faith in it by doing it, when they had no such faith, would have been wicked. They therefore suffered fines, imprisonment, banishment, and even death rather than yield their consciences into the keeping of  the State. And who will say that they did not do right? Who does not honor them for their fidelity to principle, and to God? Not one; all honor those faithful men as champions of soul-liberty. Yet, according to judicial decisions even the seemingly ample guarantee of liberty of conscience in the Constitution of Tennes-see does not leave the dissenter from the prevailing religion free to disregard laws made in aid of the religion of other sects. And so in that State, as in some other States, the observers of the sev-enth day, though permitted to observe that day, are required to keep Sunday also, an institution which they look upon just as the Baptists did upon infant bap-tism. How much then is Tennessee in advance of Massachusetts two centuries ago? ŠoŠ THE revivalist Mills recently visited San Francisco, and drew such crowds that no hall or other public building in the city could accommodate them. The Ex-aminer of that city, in its issue of August 20, said :Š Business will be practically suspended in this city to-day, for the men of trade have agreed to close their stores that they and their clerks may listenŁ to the message that Mills, the revivalist, brings. . . . Here is a man free from what are called " sensational methods " who can find no . hall large enough for his audiences, and can call the men of the world from their avocations to hear him. He does not have to complain of the counter attractions of the ball game, the picnic and the Sunday newspaper. He has learned the secret of interesting the world in his message, and the world is willing to take time from its own devices to lis-ten to him. Is not this an unkind thrust at those ministers who want everything else closed on Sunday in order that their churches may be filled ? INSTEAD of entering a vigorous and manly protest against the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists, a Baptist paper in this city, enters upon a labored defense of Sunday laws, and incidentally re-marks :Š If there are any whose consciences oblige them to rest from labor on some other day, they may be relieved from the hardship of a double Sabbath by being permitted to pursue their ordinary call-ings on SundayŠonly so as not to disturb others in the enjoyment of their day of rest. But what would constitute a disturb-ance of others ? Some people are very much " disturbed " by the mere knowl-edge that their neighbors rest on the sev-enth day while they work, and work on the first day while they rest. And in at least one State this annoyance has been held by the courts to amount to "a public nuisance, and Christian men have been imprisoned as common criminals under this legal fiction. Such a permission as our Baptist contemporary proposes may mean something or nothing according to the whim of the courts. Š0Š BUT why should observers of the sev- .. enth day, or of any day other than Sun-day be permitted to work on Sunday only provided they disturb no one any more than observers of Sunday should be per, mitted to work on Saturday only pro-vided they disturb no one ? Why should any more protection be thrown around the Sunday keeper than around the man who keeps another day ? And if in order for one to rest all must rest at the same time, and if it is right and just to require the 'seventh day observer to rest on Sunday so that he shall not disturb the Sunday keeper, why should not the Sunday keeper be required to rest on Saturday, so that he shall not disturb those who observe the seventh day ? Š0-- BUT those who keep the seventh day ask no laws requiring others to keep it also. They are not disturbed because others are at work while they are resting. They simply ask to be let alone in the enjoyment of their natural right to work when they please and to rest when they feel tired or when their sense of duty to God moves them to rest. They ask no special legislation in their behalf, and they insist that there should be none in the interests of other religionists. An Issue of Special Value. THE next number of THE SENTINEL, No. 37, date of September 22, will be one of special value, particularly for new readers, and for those who have not kept themselves thoroughly posted on the work-ing of the National Reform leaven in our national Government. Every reader of THE SENTINEL ought to order several extra copies of this num-ber for distribution among his friends. This issue ought to reach one hundred thousand copies, and it will if the friends of the paper do their duty in circulating it. Extra copies of No. 37 will be fur-nished at one dollar per hundred or eight dollars per thousand. Send in your orders at once that we may know how many to have printed. Papers Wanted. FRANK JEFFERS, of Lemoore, Tulare County, Cal., writes that he has ' goOd use for back numbers of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, and asks that those who have such to spare send them to him, post paid, at the above address. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of less than 100 copies, per year, each, - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond street. New York City. 