246 AMERICAN SENTINEL. dangerous and heretical book, to be destroyed as an enemy of mankind. The "higher criticism" is only another form of this human interpretation which has destroyed the Bible for the millions of the Catholic Church. It is a scheme aim-ing at a like result for the Protestant churches, but suited to the conditions of present-day Protestantism. The papal interpretation of the Scriptures puts error in the place of truth without denying the inaccuracy of the Scripture itself; the "higher criticism" puts error in the place of truth by simply declaring that certain portions of the Scriptures themselves are error. The one is as human and as fallible as the other, and they represent only opposite sides of a scheme to defeat salvation by putting the human in the place of the divine. The Omniscient never designed that infallible words should be interpreted by a fallible authority. If he had he would not have provided the Holy Spirit as a guide into all truth. If any man lack wisdom, he is not to ask of the pope or the priest, the pastor or the higher critics, but "of God, who giveth to all men liber-ally and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him." If men will follow the counsel of the Omniscient and adhere to the plan he has provided for the spiritual enlightenment of mankind, they will find no difficulty in accepting the Scriptures as infallible, without the necessity of submitting their minds to the authority of a pope. The Worst Hypocrisy. ALL hypocrisy is detestable, but that variety seems most hateful that under the guise of "Christian civiliz-ation," or "benevolent assimilation," enslaves less en-lightened peoples in the interests of "chartered com-panies," gigantic trusts, or "protected infant indus-tries." The following from a Chicago paper is apropos:Š "The Philippine archipelago is not, it seems, the only locality where the natives stupidly and stubbornly refuse to recognize those 'blessings and privileges of enlightened Caucasian civilization,' which General Miles so eloquently described in June, 1898. The people of the Congo Free State are said to be somewhat discon-tented under the benign sway of the Congo company, which is controlled by that wise and virtuous prince, Leopold, king of the Belgians. The company, it seems, requires the natives to produce a certain quantity of rubber. If they fail to do so cannibal soldiers employed by the company are let loose upon" them and pillage and massacre follow. This has led to some resistance, which is feelingly described by the company's officers as `a rising of the natives against Christianity and civiliz-ation.' And, of course, the 'rising' will be put down if every native has to be killed in order to vindicate Chris-tianity and civilization. There seems, however, to be one consideration which has been overlooked by Leo- pold and his philanthropic associates. If all the natives are killed where will the rubber come from? Wouldn't it be better to kill only half of them, say, pour encour-ager les autresŠthus advancing Christianity and civil-ization and conserving the rubber interests at the same time? " Talk about the wickedness of the antediluvian world; it is doubtful if its crimes were more Heaven- daring than those now perpetrated in the name of "Christian civilization." C. P. B. The Filipinos "Hate Protestantism." IN AN outline of the situation now existing in the Philippine islands, Mr. Frederick Palmer says in Col-lier's Weekly:Š "The sensation of the hour is the report that Arch-bishop Chapelle told the provincial of the Dominican brotherhood of friars that the friars were to be re-turned to their parishes and receive the same support from the Government as they had received under the Spaniards. A denial was immediately announced, but this did not allay the fears of the native population. Two days later they sent a delegation to Gen. Otis. It comprised most of the members of the supreme court, which we have re established. (Every native member is opposed to the retention of the friars.) They asked what the intentions of the governor were regarding the frairs. He replied that the Filipino people were to enjoy the same religious liberties that the American people enjoyed under their constitution. Natives are also presenting petitions to the archbishop. They are all of the same tenor. They ask for the expulsion of the Spanish friars, and for either the establishing of a native priesthood or the assignment of American Cath-olic priests to the parishes. Throughout the islands at this time there are but few native priests to solem-nize marriages, baptize children, bury the dead or hold church services. The natives are beyond question de-vout Catholics, as they understand Catholicism, and hate both Spanish friars and Protestantism. On the other hand, the number of Spanish friars in the islands was 3000. America has not 500 priests to spare. There are but few who know Spanish and none who understand the native dialects. They would labor under this disadvantage." How much of this hatred of Protestantism is due to the fact, as the natives view it, that the army which has conquered them and scattered death and desolation through their country, represents Protestantism? This should be a serious question for Protestant mis- sionaries. Undoubtedly the papal ecclesiastics there have advocated this widely, and by means of this seeming reproach upon Protestantism have greatly strengthened the papacy's hold upon the people, and correspondingly lessened the chances of Protestant missionaries for successful work. Is not this the view of the Philippine conquest that should have been taken by the Protestant churches. We believe it is. 