1'7.4 VOL. 11, No. U. at all to subject the true meaning of the Bible itself to the construction of the courts? Dn. MCALLISTERŠNo, sir; it cannot come in that way. THE CHAIRMANŠIt is not a question whether it would or would not. I ask you what you in-tend. DR. MCALLISTERŠThis is what is intended. Let me give you an illustration. You had the question in Con-gress as to whether the gates of the World's Fair should be kept open on sabbath or not. That was a practical question, and that was a question on which the law-making power had to decide. Now, Congress must take into consideration, as it did then, what the word of God says. The senator from Pennsylvania sent up to the clerk's desk a copy of the Bible with the page marked on which was "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." A VOICEŠThat is the seventh day. DR. MCALLISTER Š It is not the seventh day. " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." That is what it says. There was a case of Congress having to decide whether the gates would be open on a par-ticular day or not, and the appeal was made to the authority of the divine word. The Congress, having the law making power, having thus de-cided, the courts should be bound by the law-mak-ing power; for it is not the business of the courts to make laws.  MR. BURTONŠNOW, suppose we adopt this amend-ment, and a party should be arrested for breaking the sabbath, the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday; that he should be convicted, and he should appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States; and say, " You have adopted the Bible as the standard in civil affairs, claiming that the Sabbath day is Saturday," and that the Supreme Court of the United States should decide that it was Saturday? DR. MCALLISTERŠThe Supreme Court of the United States would have to go by the law. MR. BURTONŠVery well ; but when they did go by it that is the end of it. Dn. MCALLISTERŠCertainly. MR. BURTONŠNOW, do you want to put kite the Constitution of the United States a clause which will permit the Supreme Court of the United States to say that you must keep Saturday or else you violate the law of the land? DR. MCALLISTERŠNO, sir. Ma. BURTONŠThat is just what you are trying to do. (pp. 32, 33.) MR. BURTONŠSuppose in case of war the President should call out the militia, and it should be said, " Under the Bible which you have adopted as the standard we are not permitted to fight," and the Su-preme Court should say, " that is true," what would become of your army? DR. MCALLISTERŠHe can do that now. A MEMBERŠOh, no I DR. MCALLISTERŠCertainly he can; and he could not interfere with the Congress of the United States in the case of war. MR. JONESŠBut could he not then raise the case to the Supreme Court and have a decision? Dn. MCALLISTERŠHe can raise any case now, just as the case may be raised to day in regard to the sab-bath law. DR. LEWISŠThese are to-day in the United States by the lust census, and I give my statement on the au-thority of Mr. Charles Buell, who was a prominent member of the census corps, one million of people ob-serving the Sabbath according to the Bible, Seventh-day Baptists, Adventists, and Hebrews. Now, I put the question to you, Doctor: Is it not the purpose of this movementŠit has certainly been so announcedŠto compel us, who, on conscientious biblical grounds, hold to the seventh day, according to the Bible and not according to a tradition, is it not the purpose to compel us to submit? DR. MCALLISTERŠNO, sir. DR. LxwisŠIt has been so announced. Dn. MCALLISTERŠI am not responsible for any such announcement. MR. BURTONŠConceding that it is not the purpose, would it not be the result? DR. MCALLISTERŠNo, sir ; not at all. It could not be. Now, let me give my answer as to this matter in regard to the Bible. In the first place, my good friend, Dr. Lewis, says explicitly that the sev-enth-day Sabbath is the Bible ground. That is his interpretation. He has a right to interpret it in that way. I say that the first day of the week is the Bible ground. And that is the way it ever will be. Now, here comes the Congress of the United States, and it must decide ; the nation must decide. MR. BURTONŠLet me ask you why should anyone decide except the individual? DR. MCALLISTERŠThe Congress must decide. MR. BURTONŠBut why? DR. MCALLISTERŠYOU meet here to do certain 'work, and like every man, you have to decide whether  you will work seven days or six. You must decide whether you will work seven days or not. You have to give a decision. The next point is that when you decide not to work more than six days you must de-cide which day you will rest. And you have decided to rest on Sunday, the first day. Why? Because it is a Christian country. It is the Christian sabbath. (P 34.) MR. CONNOLLYŠSuppose the Bible has already set-tled that question, how could any act of Con-gress interfere with it if that is to be in the Constitu-tion? DR. MoALLIsTERŠBecause we must interpret the Bible. [Laughter.] Those gentlemen on the other side look at that as ridiculous, and yet you have to interpret every law. Congress has to interpret every law. MR. BURTONŠSupposing the Supreme Court should decide that Saturday was the seventh day? Da. MCALLISTERŠNO, sir; they would not. The people themselves are back of the court. SEVERAL MEMBERSŠOh, no. DR. MCALLISTERŠNow, gentlemen, don't get this thing mixed up. I have been making the matter perfectly clear between constitutional law and stat-utory law. Now, if the legislature, in its enactment of statutory law, feels that the first-day sabbath is in harmony with the Consttution, then of course it puts that interpretation on its acts. If the Supreme Court overrules it, there is a conflict, and the ques-tion goes back as to what the constitutional law is. Then the sovereign people, the maker of constitu-tions, if they have not got their will sufficiently clear, can act. MR. CONNOLLYŠThey could put it back the way it is now. (p. 36.) MR. CONNOLLYŠIn two waysŠby the long way or by waiting till the Supreme Court die and by putting in new men; but until it is changed by either of these ways, if we should adopt this and a case of this kind should come up, and the Supreme Court should hold that Saturday was the Sabbath, you would have to respect their decision. You would have to worship for at least thirty years on Saturday. It would take thirty years to change the Constitution back again. DR. MCALLISTERŠIs that a fair representation? Would that compel me to worship on Saturday any more than the Seventh-day Adventists are compelled to worship on Sunday at present? MR. CONNOLLYŠNO, sir; not in one sense, but you could not work on Saturday. If we can understand the evasion of the Statesman, it is this. The Supreme Court would interpret the Bible according to the theological creed of the judges, and not ac-cording to the letter of the law. If the court should happen to be Seventh-day Baptists, they would " interpret " the law which says " the seventh day is the sabbath " to mean what it says. If they were of a different faith, they would interpret " seventh " to mean " first," especially if a majority of the people so believed. That is putting an estimate upon the candor and judicial ability of the highest court in the nation, so low that our readers shall undoubtedly rise above it, and will agree with Congressman Burton, that in seeking the amendment, those who so sharply oppose the Sabbath, seek to compel themselves to observe it. We do not wish to see the Sabbath restored under a decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, but rather under the ruling of the Supreme Statute of the Christian worldŠthe Bible. But we would willingly risk the test of our position with the Supreme Court. Ł SUNDAY AND THE BICYCLE. THE bicycle is making such inroads into Sunday as a sacred day that many of the min-isters of the Sunday-keeping churches are up in arms against it, and some are demand-ing the legal prohibition of Sunday cycling. The difficulties surrounding this question are however great. Can bicycle riding be  prohibited while horseback riding and car-riage riding are permitted? Can one kind of vehicle be forbidden on Sunday while other kinds are permitted? It would seem that such discrimination cannot be made. It fol-lows_that the " abuse " complained of by the Sunday preachers must either continue, or all riding, driving, etc., must be prohibited on Sunday, except riding or driving " reverently to and from church." This would be only an adaptation to modern manners and cus-toms of the famous "Blue Law" of Connecti-cut which forbade outdoor exercise upon Sun-day, " except walking reverently to and from meeting." Of course if this matter were left to the in-dividual conscience there would be no trouble, for in that case those who felt free to ride would do so while others would walk; but as it is becoming quite the thing to erect stat-utory standards for the conscience, it is prob-able that erelong we shall see legislatures besieged to enact " laws " regulating or even prohibiting the use of bicycles on Sun-day. TAMPERING WITH THE CONSTITUTION. [New England Evangelist.] SPEAKING of the Constitution brings to mind the insane idea that there was a fatal mistake in its construction, in that there is contained in it no recognition of the Almighty, nor of the Christian religion; and that it is the consequent duty of all Christians, and of the Church as such, to endeavor to amend that charter of our civil government by se-curing therein a proper recognition of both. To this end there exists a national organiza-tion of persons whose conceptions of the things of Csesar and of God are so imperfect or con-fused that they imagine that the former must acknowledge the latter in his secular affairs, else the divine kingdom may perhaps perish from the earth! Now, for our part, we be-lieve that it was God's will that his name be left out of that Magna Ch,arta of the land of liberty, and that he was on hand to see that it was left out. We appreciate the mistaken zeal with which some are laboring to correct God's mistakes; but we would say to any such that their efforts would better avail something for the good of mankind in this case, if they would devote themselves to getting the name of God written in the hearts of men, rather than upon the pages of the civil Constitution. The Lord has never told us to seek by such means to promote the glory of his name and kingdom. Of the same nature as the before-mentioned effort to amend the National Constitution in the supposed interest of the Christian relig-ion, is the endeavor to secure primary or ad-ditional legislation to enforce the observance of the Lord's day, or so-called Christian sab-bath, as a religious institution. Probably many who are active in this endeavor do not advocate it with the purpose of forcing a re-ligious institution upon any, but to make the observance purely a civil one so far as the law is concerned. Nevertheless, it is essen-tially a church movement, and its supposed benefits are not expected to be social or political, but spiritual. With the establish- ing of a civil day for rest we have nothing to do, except as citizens of a free country; and it may be considered as a matter of social and political expediency, as in a hun-dred other things. But as to the Church, and the establishing of a day of religious ob-servance, we would dispose of the whole ques-tion by saying that if God has ordained any 