302 VOL. 8, No-. 3g. name World's Fair). It was neither an exhibition of religious bodies, nor exhibi-tion 'by churches, consequently without religion in its nature. Therefore it is ridiculous for any church to interfere with its opening or closing, week-day or Sun-day. Another common foe of our country and religion, is the temperance movement. It endeavors to fix its foolish notions into State laws. By its source it is sectarian, in principle unchristian. They try to curse the wine which Christ blessed. * The passage in Scripture, Col. 2:21, from which the temperance exponents gathered their force, condemns their own action. Paul criticised the motto as an ordinance of men, which was doomed to perish. The 16th verse offers the key to the explanation. No man has a right to judge us in respect to what we eat or drink, for every creature of God is good, if used rightly and moderately. The only scriptural advice, which temperance en-thusiasts might use, is, "Be temperate in all things." But they disallow to be tem-perate in some things, by prohibiting them entirely. What is the difference between commanding to abstain from meats, and prohibiting drinks ? Both are ungodly, satanical. Both are "American highways " that lead to Rome. In this respect, also, you will see at a glance the right, constitutional, and biblical stand taken and defended by the Lutheran Church. This much, please, in vindica-tion of the Lutheran policy. J. G. HENRY. September 19. Known by Works. " CONGRESS shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof "Šbut they have. The effort of the Fifty-second Congress to close the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday is a plain violation of this part of our Constitution. The observ-ance of Sunday is a religious custom, and to fix it by civil law is to establish a re-ligion by law. This part of our Constitution was in-tended to keep the Church and State for-ever separate, but now that it is made void, Church and State become united. The purpose of a union is too well known these days not to cause some alarm. All unions are to secure to the parties the power of united action in every thing that may advance their interest. All churches have taken more or less interest in the commandments of God and man. Usually they have taken more interest in the com-mandments of man and less in the com-mandments of God. At times serious disputes have arisen between them, and a union or combine with the civil power is no new or untried experiment, and has always been taken first by the party in error. A controlment by force, through the civil law or otherwise, can have no place in the mind of a Christian man. He " reproves, rebukes, exhorts with all long suffering and doctrine." For many months there has been a se-rious dispute among the churches over the Sabbath question, or fourth command- * We do not believe that Christ blessed wine in the modern acceptation of the wordŠthat cup which at the last " biteth like a serpent and stingeth like an adder." Certain it is that intemperance in all its forms is opposed to the teaching of Christ. No drunkard shall inherit the kingdom of God; and a special woe is pronounced against the man who puts a bottle to his neighbor's lips. We do not, however, indore the religio-political tc—...,—';'.-ance movement which is in effect only an aux-iliary to the National Reform movement. There is a substantial basis for State regulation or even prohibition of the liquor traffic, but we seldom hear it mentioned.ŠEDITOR. ment. Every person ought to know now who is right and who is wrong. Every person ought to know now that Sunday, as a religious day, is a man-made in-stitution and not of God. Church his-tory shows , evil men and seducers have turned from the word of the Lord, the source of all power for good, to the civil law as a final resort. By this alliance with the civil power, Seventh-day Adventists are persecuted to-day in Tennessee and Maryland, and many other places. By this alliance the Quakers and Baptists were persecuted. By this alliance Roger Williams and Anne Hutchison were banished. By this self-same alliance the Lord of glory was cru-cified. John 18: 31, last clause. P. A. REED. More Sunday Cases in Maryland. Ford's Store, Md., Sept. 11. EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL : Yester-day, Sunday, September 10, Alexander Dodd and Joseph Warram, Seventh-day Adventists, were on Winchester Creek shore, quietly fixing their oyster rakes, preparing for the oyster season which is about to open, when, lo, and behold, our wide-awake constable (who aims, if possi-ble, to be on hand on these occasions) appeared on the scene of action. This morning, at 9 o'clock, they were arrested and notified to present themselves before Justice Kerr at 10 o'clock. They were in time, and the justice opened with the case of Alexander Dodd. The defendant re-quested to look at the warrant upon which he was arrested; the justice refused that right. The defendant then requested that the writer appear as counsel for him; the justice refused this also. Defendant then requested that his case be postponed until he could get counsel that was legally sworn in court. Justice Kerr refused to allow such postponement, saying that Mr. Dodd was present at the trials of other Seventh-day Adventists, and they had counsel, and he knew the verdict; intimat-ing that the same verdict would be ren-dered, counsel or no counsel. Seeing that their cases were already decided, Mr. Dodd and Mr. Warram, knowing that no justice would be shown them before this so-called justice, both waived an examination, and their cases will go before a jury at the November term of the Circuit Court, This makes a total of seven cases of Adventists to be tried in this court, in November. CHAS. 0. FORD. True Sabbath Observance. THE prevailing idea that Sabbath keep-ing is rest, is, to my mind, far from the truth. Nowhere in all God's Word do we find the Lord placing the obligation to re-gard the Sabbath upon the fact that man needs rest. To do so is to lower both the object and the proper observance of his holy day. Idleness from worldly employ-ment is, of itself, far from Sabbath keep-ing. We do not keep the Sabbath that we may rest, but rest that we may keep the Sabbath. An individual might not do a stroke of worldly business on that day, and still be a Sabbath-breaker. Proper Sabbath keeping is that in which the per-son intelligently recognizes God's author-ity as the reason for keeping it, and not his own selfish interests. When he recog-nizes the divine presence with him on that day, and when he sees the special divine blessings placed upon that, above all other  days, he realizes that he not only has all the blessings that he has upon all other days, but, in addition to those, he enjoys the special blessing that was put upon that day above the other days. He lays aside his secular duties, and all thought and care of them, that he may, unhindered give himself time to meditate, as he could not do in his busy cares of life, upon the fact that it was his blessed Lord that made the heavens and the earth in six days and had himself rested, and has sanctified the day " because," not that man needed rest, but "that in it he had rested from all his work, which God created and made." He knows that Christ, the Son of God, made heaven and earth and that he was the one who blessed the Sabbath (Mark 2:27, 28, and Col. 1 :15, 17); that he could not suffer the plan in creating the world to fail through man's fall, and so now he is carrying out the original plan in another way, by the work of redemp-tion. And how can we say that redemp-tion is greater than creation when it is only creation itself,Ša new creation in Christ Jesus ? See Eph. 2:10, 4:24; Isa. 65:17, 19. The Sabbath of the Lord is a memorial of both events, and he recog-nizes that fact. This, and this only, is true Sabbath keeping; and we make a serious mistake when we place anything lower than this as Sabbath keeping.ŠE. W. Webster, in the Carolina Spartan. Monday Morning Newspapers. APROPOS of the so-called Sabbath sen-timent at the South, the New York Even-ing Post observes :Š The sentiment against Sunday opening of the World's Fair is exceptionally strong in the South, and yet in many Southern cities the newspapers appear on Sunday morning, but not on Monday, with the approval of the religious element in the community. A paper in Birmingham, Ala., has been trying the experiment of printing on Monday and given it up, and the Montgomery Advertiser recalls the fact that it went through the same ex-perience a few years ago. There are some cities in the West, notably in Iowa, where the same system prevails. It seem a very strange thing to people in the East, whether saints or sinners, and illus-trates afresh, that it takes all sorts of folks to make up a world. We regard it as very unlikely that re-ligious sentiment has anything to do with suspending the Monday morning issue in Birmingham, Montgomery, or elsewhere at the South. The "religious sentiment" that protests against the Monday morning issue and approves that of Sunday morn-ing is manufactured, we fancy, in the counting-rooms of the newspapers chiefly concerned. We suspect that the suspen-sion of the Monday paper has its real motive in a desire to get seven days' pay for six days' service, and that if news-paper publishers were paid by the day only they would soon moderate their religious ardor and find that progressive journalism calls for seven issues a week without fail. Š Washington Post. THE Catholic Review remarks that "we must not flatter ourselves that the Puritan spirit is dead. It is a restless, active, ag-gressive spirit that never ceases to agitate and plan and scheme until it has accom-plished its object." This is true. But what is the spirit of Puritanism? Nothing in the world but the spirit of popery directed in so-called Protestant channels, that is, it is the principle of popery used in opposition to Roman Catholicism. Papists have no right to find fault with Puritanism; it is the legitimate child of popery. 