136 AIVIIEJlaLiCAN VoL. 8, No. 17. NEW Your, APRIL 27, 1893. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IN Sac City, Iowa, the Mayor has ordered all business closed on Sunday, without discrimination or exception. AT a Sunday Observance mass-meeting held in Detroit, Mich., not long since, it was reported that the American Sabbath Union has sixty local unions organized and in active operation in that State. THE city attorney of Norwich, Conn., has begun a Sunday-closing crusade; notice has been given to the barbers that they must not open their shops on Sun-day, and druggists have been notified as to what they may or may not sell on that day. APROPOS of the views of London Truth on the clerical movement for enforcement of Sunday observance, reprinted on an-other page, is a report which comes from England of the possibility of an emphatic remonstrance being made to the manner in which the Prince of Wales spends his Sundays; his last offense has been a Sun-day dinner given to some thirty or forty theatrical celebrities. Tins dispatch from Pittsburg, of April 15, shows how these Sunday cases must all go, and how the judicial precedents will be invariably sustained, irrespective of the real principle involved :Š Judge White to day handed down an opinion in the three appeals from the decision of Alderman Robe in the cases against Charles V. Houston, busi-ness manager of the Pittsburg Press, who was re-cently fined seventy-five dollars and costs by the alderman for publishing and selling papers on Sun- day, in violation of the Sunday laws of 1794. At the conclusion of his opinion Judge White says :Š I am of the opinion that the defendant comes within the statute prohibiting worldly employment on the Lord's day and he is adjudged guilty. The case will be appealed to the Supreme Court. When the State courts and the Su-preme Court have all adjudicated upon this question, then no legislature will be found ready to repeal laws which all the courts have sustained. Thus the error becomes, itself, its own authority and sup- port. Ł PRESIDENT PALMER, of the World's Columbian Exposition, has said to a re-porter for the Detroit Tribune that " it would hurt the Fair now to open it on Sunday. The churches, Epworth Leagues, Christian Endeavor Societies, Woman's Christian Temperance Union, etc., would boycott the Fair, and they are pretty powerful." Their capacity to terrorize in just this manner is precisely that which these professedly Christian elements in society have all along boasted. Their thought has been that, although they were a minority, they might, by claiming to be a majority, exercise an influence, and by being ready to affiliate wherever their ends could be reached, hold the balance of power and exercise control. This pol-icy will be continued. A MINISTER of the City of Chicago, the Rev. William Fawcett, when interviewed as to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, has said:Š Congress decided that the Fair should remain closed on Sunday. Congress didn't dare to do any-thing else, not only because of the Sunday laws of Illinois but that course was demanded by the entire country, irrespective of the churches. A friend, who is a Congressman, told me that Congress did not dare to do otherwise than order the Fair closed on account of the petitions presented. This is a plain statement. It is as much as to say, " We have intimidated Congress, and the members of Congress themselves meekly acknowledge that it is so." This minister's statement is faulty in several particularsŠthat Congress did not dare do otherwise than pass a Sunday closing proviso "because of the Sunday laws of Illinois " can not be. That would be one entirely sufficient reason why Con-gress should not meddle with anything which has already been provided for under State and municipal regulation. Again, the Sunday closing was not, and is not; " demanded by the entire country, irre-spective of the churches." The proof of that is in the fact that many thousand more bona fide petitions were presented against this action of Congress than for it, and the views of the workingmen are ex-emplified by the present course of the Cen-tral Labor Union in avoiding the effects of the Sunday closing by taking another day of rest. The fact remains, however, that an aggressive religious minority has overawed Congress. IN Maryland, as elsewhere, the Sunday law has not been enforced heretofore. Railroads, street cars, steamboats, and iron mills have been run on the first day of the week much as on other days; news-papers are issued and sold and in the sum-mer season excursions are run to various resorts. Now, however, it is being rigidly enforced in, some sections, against Seventh-day Adventists. THE appealed case of John Judefind, the Seventh-day Adventist, of Rock Hall, Md., was heard on Wednesday, April 19, and decision reserved. Like most of the older States Maryland iliherited from the Church and State regime of the middle ages a number of relics of the days when kings were sup-posed to rule by divine right, and when the Pope as the vicegerent of the Son of  God had the power to depose rulers that did not govern in the interests of " the Church." Among these relics is the fol-lowing Sunday law; under which the late arrests for Sunday work in Maryland have been made:Š SECTION 247. No person whatsoever shall work or do any bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday; and no person having children or servants shall command, or wittingly or willingly suffer, any of them to do any manner of work or labor on the Lord's day (works of necessity or char-ity always excepted), nor shall suffer or permit any children or servants to profane the Lord's day by gaming, fowling, hunting, or unlawful pastime -or recreation; and every person transgressing this sec-tion, and being thereof convicted before a justice of the peace, shall forfeit 0.00, to be applied to the use of the county. This law is not identical in its terms with the original Sunday law of Mary-land, but it is a lineal descendant of the old statute which prescribed branding in the forehead and boring through the tongue for " Sunday - breaking " and " blasphemy." The principle is the same : the penalty has changed, but the right of the State to make such laws is still asser-ted; whether it will be maintained by the courts as it has been in Tennessee and elsewhere, remains to be seen. THE Free Press, published at Greens-borough, Md., has this news item :Š Isaac Baker, of Kent Island, a recent convert to the Seventh-day Adventist doctrine, has been arrested for plowing on Sunday. He was fined five dollars and cost. From this he will take an appeal to court. Frequent violations of the Sun-day law have been committed by these people. The designation " these people " seems to define the mood of this editor as con-temptuous towards those who frequently violate the Sunday law. Does the editor of the Free Press never infringe the Sun-day law ? or is there a large beam in his own eye ? He might ask himself also why " these people " do not observe the Sunday law, and whether he has the same good reason for not observing it. It may be both the beam and the mote are in his own eye. IT is an interesting fact now making itself evident, that ecclesiastical influence has developed the civil law for the en-forcement of the religious observance of Sunday beyond what the Church discipline is in itself provided with authority, pre-cedents, and penalties to enforce. Have we a Christian State and an unchristian Church ? or have they both become alike unchristian ? AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per yeair, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 80& 4t 100 to 249 " " " " CC - - 75c.  250 to 499 " " " " Ci - - - 70c.  64 500 to  999 CC Ct 40 " - - 65c' " 1000 or more " " " 6C . . - 60& To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings: Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 