208 .10f lETRAI CAN.  SIEN-rr ENIE,ILto Vol,. 10, No. 26. NEW YORK, JUNE 27, 1895. 034'' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE Dayton (Tenn.) Republican is faith-fully continuing its fight for religious freedom. Read its editorial on this page; also the one on page 207. All honor to the Republican. SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS are refusing to obey statutes enacted to enforce a false sabbath, and in consequence are suffering persecution. In this are they following the example of Christ ? Read the first-page article. A POLICE OFFICER called at the SENTINEL office Sunday morning and ordered the man-ager to dismiss all SENTINEL employ4s, and not to permit them to labor on Sunday. The employ& were informed of the order, but all remained at work. lip to the hour of going to press no arrests have been made. - THE case of John A. Faust, the Baltimore Seventh-day Adventist, arrested June 10, for cobbling in his own house on the preceding day, and who was locked in a cell and refused a bed, has-been thrown out by the grand jury. Justices of the peace have exclusive original jurisdiction of Sunday cases in Maryland, hence violation of the Sunday statute is not indict-able in that State. IN the article, " Early Persecution of Sev-enth-day Baptists," on page 206:, Mr. Buell gives some interesting historical facts which show clearly that the first Sunday statute enacted in this country was aimed at Seventh-day Baptists, and that observers of the seventh day were actually persecuted under that act. The conclusion is also well-nigh irresistible that Obadiah Holmes, John Clarke and John Crandall, the former of which was so:  cruellyŁ whipped, were Seventh-day Baptists. ME promised last week to give our readers this week the decisions of Judges Jackson and Richie. We find, however, that we have room for only one. The other will 'appear next week. The decisions are interesting, because if sus-tained by the Court of Appeals, the action of--these judges will leave Kentucky for the time being without a Sunday law. But inasmuch as both Judge Jackson and Judge Richie have intimated that a general Sunday statute would be constitutional; it is more than likely that the near future will see a very stringent stat-ute enacted in that State prohibiting all labor and business on the first day of the week,. under heavy penalties. But it is somewhat difficult to see how any Sunday law can be held to be constitutional in Kentucky under the present constitution and  the ruling: of Judge Richie. The -judge holds the present statute to be unconstitutional, " because it is a religions statute." Now, whatever may be the pretense upon which such a statute may be based, there can, in the very nature of the case, never be a Sunday statute in Kentucky or elsewhere that is not religious. And if such a statute could be framed nobody would want it. Mr. Crafts says-: " Take the religion out. and you take the rest out." We shall watch the progress of events in Kentucky with great interest. WholOsale Indictments! Nineteen Graysville Adventists To Be Tried This Court. [From the Dayton Republican, June 2/.] RHEA COUNTY Circuit Court will convene the first Monday in July, Judge James G. Parks, presiding, and Attorney General A. J. Fletcher, prosecuting. There are very few cases of importance, with the exception of the Graysville Adventists, who are to be tried on the charge of violating the Sab-bath. Nineteen of these Adventists will be tried upon this charge. Some of them are made defendant in several cases. Following are their names'  Dieffenbacher, N. B. England, 2 cases, H. C. Leach, 2 cases, Oscar England, Geo. Dodson, Allen Cathey, 2 cases, Columbus Myers, Bird Terry (col.), W. J. Kerr, Monroe Morgan. We call the attention:of the-reader to mat-ter published elsewhere in this paper' relating to these people. Some of :them:have been ar-rested upon the most trivial charge. They are -none of them Sabbath-breakers within the meaning and intent of the spirit of .the law. They are God-fearing, law-abiding, industrious citizens of this county. - -  One ()tale indicted parties is E. R. Gillett. A great many of our readers:  know " Gillett, as he is called. He- is :pleasant, mild-mannered, inoffensive old gentleman, well up in the sixties. He, is-  everybody's friend and everybody loves Min, for he is a lovable character.: He would turn aside in his path to avoid crushing a worm. ,Like Abou Ben Adhem he Ł can say, " write me. as one who loves his fellow-man." In practicing his faith he has worshiped on Saturday and labored the remaining six days of the week. In doing this he has aroused the ire of some people who want everybody else to-believe as they do, and now- he is to be - brought into a court of justice and tried like common malefactor. It would be.-a strange-Sight indeed in this lat-ter age of the world to see venerable "Uncle" Gillett behind the bars.. Yet :such is "likely to be his fate. -Jailer Smith should watch 1  We understand that two of the persons named are not Seventh-day Adventists, and two or three have not been ar-rested as they were temporary residents of. Rhea County, and had left the neighborhood before the indictments were found. 2  See page 207. this man with extra care., He is a dangerous criminal, and society is not safe while he roams at large. OUR correspondent who sends us the trans-lation of the circular letter to the priests of Bogota, printed on page 205, says: " The effect of the circular has been to increase the attendance at the college. In my own work [colporter], it has given me opportunity to more readily place tracts in the hands of the people. Yesterday in one of the parks I gave some tracts to two gentlemen, and meeting -them a little later asked them how they liked them. They said they liked those they had read very well. In the course of the conver-sation which followed one said: 'I had a large Bible and some Latin books which I valued very highly, but one day a priest came to my father's house, accompanied by a po-liceman, and took my books away.' " Our correspondent adds : " For a Colombian there is little or no relief in such cases. The church is the conservator of social order, as is stated in the constitution of the country; and when it [the church] says that anything is contrary to social order the government must prohibit it, as it is bound to protect the church and see that it is respected." This is strikingly suggestive of some of the " arguments " used in this country, especially in justification of Sunday legislation. THE California State Sabbath Association, so-called, was recently reorganized in San Francisco. The following is the official state-ment of its object:Š The object of this association shall be two-fold:Š Section 1. To promote the proper observance of the Christian Sabbath in the State of California and in the nation. Sec. 2. To promote religious influence by State legislation and by county and municipal ordinances; to prevent all open acts of Sabbath desecration; and to secure by law the observance of the first day of the week as a day of rest. But notwithstanding this plain statement; ..we suppose that when a Sunday law shall be enacted in California we will be gravely told that it is only a police regulation, a merely civil statute for the physical good of the people. The end sought by this so-called Sabbath Association is, it seems, to be attained by way of the Sunday saloon, as witnessed by the fol-lowing:Š Resolved, That among the first things for which this association will labor will be the closing of all saloons on the Christian Sabbath. This means that the Sunday closing of sa-loons is to be a stepping-stone to a general Sunday law stopping all business and for-bidding "all open acts of Sabbath desecra-tion." AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address,. AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. E. M. Plumb, 4 cases, Harrison, Lewis Abbott, 2 cases, W. L. Burchard: E. S. Abbott, 2 cases, J. NI. Hall, Walter Ridgeway, E. R. Gillett, Dwight Plumb, 