04 114v Am-EPTCAN s8/Ł,11Thrt,. ISTATICalVAr..4 lGliglous Libertu Association DE,CIARRTION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 93 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. WHAT is the meaning of a bill in the Legislature, at Albany, to make " Good Friday " a legal holi-day ? LAW and Order Agent McClure, of Pittsburg is still busy filing informations against news dealers and news agents for the Sunday selling of news-papers in Pittsburg. His list for Sunday, March 13, contained twelve names. THE New Jersey State Legislature has passed a concurrent resolution .asking the World's Fair Com-missioners to close the Fair on Sunday. Senator Hinchcliffe of Passaic .seemed to be the only New Jersey legislator who appreciated the impropriety of any such legislative expression. MARY T. LATHRAP, President, and Emma A. Wheeler, Secretary, of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union of Michigan, have addressed Mrs. Palmer, Superintendent of the Woman's De-partment at the World's Fair, " in behalf of twelve thousand white-ribbon women of Michigan," urging that the Exposition should be closed on Sun-day. The petition was referred to the Director Gen-eral of the Exposition with Mrs. Palmer's "official indorsement ; " which means, of course, that the head of the Woman's department expresses her official approval of Sunday closing by authority. IN the New York Legislature Senator O'Connor, who is a Roman Catholic, and the only one on the Republican side of the Senate, took part in the dis-cussion of the resolution for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, and expressed just and unpreju-diced views in showing that it was inconsistent to demand that the Fair should be kept closed on Sunday, while no respect was shown to Saturday which was to some the sacred day of the week. He thought the Hebrews of this country were as much entitled to be considered in this question as the Christians. To pass the resolution would be to inject religion into legislation and to this he strongly objected. The day seems to have come when the Protestants are more pronounced Papists than the Roman Catholics themselves. AN incident in Burlington, New Jersey, lately re-ported to the Union, Signal, marks the progress of ecclesiastical influence in municipal affairs. The correspondent says :Š The acting mayor gave permission to hold a Sun- day concert in the opera house. The ministers, by telegram ordered the mayor-elect home, and entered their protest. The mayor after looking up the law, found such concerts to be a "willful misdemeanor," and consequently prohibited the sale of tickets. This is a point we should "make note of," that, law can be enforced if there is power behind the law to enforce it. The calm way in which it is said the ministers by telegram " ordered " the actual mayor home, shows an assumption of authority over municipal officers and municipal affairs as a ministerial pre- rogative which is quite startling. IN reference to the Pittsburg Law and Order suits the evening Leader of that city says:Š Judge Porter this morning rendered a decision affirming the finding of Alderman Rohe in the law and Order suits against Sunday newspapers, and thereby laying down the law that the Sunday press is not even a " reasonable necessity," as counsel for the appellants ably sought to demonstrate. We presume that Judge Porter has acted accord-ing to his lights, such as they are, and we have no criticism to offer concerning the type of ,judicial acumen that can recognize the limited enactment of 1794 as totally obliterating the reasonable privi-leges of half a million of citizens in 1892. Suffice it to say that the Sunday newspapers, re-lying on the justice of their cause, will appeal to the Supreme Court of the State for a decision that will be conclusive. If it should appear from the fiat of that tribunal that the application of the Blue Laws has expanded on the principle of progressive harassment so as to include the needs of later gene-rations in the same category with the things which were not necessities a hundred years ago, it will then remain only to apply to the Legislature and prove by the repeal of the act of 1794 the folly of its oppressive enforcement. The courts of Pennsylvania have so far held strictly to the spirit of the colonial church and State laws on these questions. It will be a laying aside of precedent, out of respect to principle, scarcely to be expected, if the Supreme Court of the State should declare the law of 1794 unconsti-tutional, as it is, in that it gives preference by law to certain religious establishments and modes of worship. Ł Ł  WHILE the appropriation bill for the District of Columbia was being discussed in the House on March 2, and the item of five hundred dollars to-wards the support of St. Joseph's Asylum was under consideration, Mr. Cate, of Arkansas, ex-pressed these convictions :Š In my political and religious education I have been taught to believe that the Church and the State should be kept entirely apart. I do not know that this particular institution belongs to any.  church, nor do I care, but I am told that in this bill there are numerous institutions provided for, which are under the care of different religious denomi-nations and are here asking aid of the Government under the guise of charity. Now, Mr. Chairman, my idea is that we ought to have charitable institu-tions. No gentleman goes beyond me in a dispo-sition to provide for the poor and needy and the suffering, but if the Government must do that work, let it do it through the instrumentality of government officers, and not through the agency of the churches. For that reason, sir, I oppose not only this item, but every provision in this bill which recognizes any church or seeks to aid any institution that is not under the control of the Gov-ernment. . . . Charity does not and should not percolate through the walls of the public treasury. Then let the churches and the private charitable institutions of the country go on in their noble work, blessing those that give and those that re-ceive, while the Government, aiding none, protect-ing all, should return to its primitive and proper mission of extending ".equal and exact justice to all and special privileges to none." Such views as these are wholesome, they are satisfactory evidence that the political salt of this country has not yet entirely lost its savor. The continued introduction of religious questions into congressional debates, shows, however, a greater need for its saving qualities than ever before. DURING the discussion upon the item in the In-dian Appropriation bill of an allowance to Captain R. H. Pratt, for services as Superintendent of the Carlisle Indian school, in the House of Representa-tives, Mr. Mansur, of Missouri, said:Š I think, sir, the Catholic Church can not do any-thing better, in the way of exercising its great po-litical power in this Nation, than to demand the absolute removal of Captain Pratt. The insult is greater to that church than it is to myself. This refers to a published interview in the Wash-ington Post, in which Captain Pratt was made to say of the attacks in the House upon the Indian appropriations that,Š They were made through the Catholic Church, in paying congressmen to attack.  the national schools, because they are detrimental to their pa-rochial schools, which are given three times the amount by the Government that other denomina-tions receive. Mr. Mansur's estimate of the comparative worth of congressional and Catholic honor is too modest. To say that a congressman has received bribes from the Catholic Church is not a less insult to him than to that church in which Jesuitical methods have always been practiced. But the item of interest in this is the unqualified statement by a representative in Congress that the Catholic Church has "great political power in this Nation," and his advice to that church to use it "to demand the absolute re-moval" of a Government officer of acknowledged ability from a responsible position. The reading between the lines of this discussion is that ecclesi- asticism is already the power behind the congress-man's chair in the halls of Government, and that to maintain its place there it does not need to use a money bribe. AGAIN upon the following day the discussion of the statements made by Captain Pratt was resumed. Telegrams were read from Captain Pratt, disclaim-ing any personal attack upon Congressmen, but re-iterating the charges as to political manipulation by the lobby of the Catholic Church. Mr. Beltz-hoover, of Pennsylvania, said in reference to the reply received by himself to telegraphic questions put to the Captain,Š It expressly disclaims all intention of impeaching the integrity of any member of Congress or attrib-uting to him any improper motives for his conduct. It states as a fact that the Catholics receive a dis-proportionate share of public school appropriations, and that they maintain a powerful lobby .at the national capitol, and manipulate politics to accom-plish their purposes. . . . I can see very plainly that as a matter of expediency, and also, perhaps, of propriety, Captain Pratt was unwise and unfor-tunate in indulging in such public and emphatic expressions of these opinions on a question that must of necessity excite bitter feeling and discus-sion. This country guarantees freedom of speech, but it is unprofitable for a public servant to indulge in the luxury. I have known Captain Pratt for many years as an earnest, enthusiastic, and scholarly gentleman, who has given a large portion of his life to the ed-ucation and civilization of the Indians. He is an ardent, honest, and untiring official, and has been largely instrumental in building up the school at Carlisle. . . . Mr. Dickerson. ŠBut does not the gentleman think that he ought to be turned out for his asper-sions on the church without regard to what he may have said as to any individual ? The appropriation of one thousand dollars for the Superintendent of the Indian school at Carlisle was stricken from the bill; and that is what it cost Captain Pratt to say what might have been verified by every member of the House by referring to the records, and consulting any unprejudiced person conversant with the congressional lobbies. Cer-tainly the exercise of his right of freedom of speech was unprofitable to this public servant. Why ? UNDER the head "Abolition of Sunday Shaving," the Sun, of March 16, has the following editorial item:Š " There is a man in the Legislature of this State named ListmanŠAdam C. Listman, of SyracuseŠa Republican Assemblyman of the Third Assembly district of Onondaga County. This gentleman has introduced a bill which has been sent to us from Albany in its printed form, and we copy it exactly as it is printed:Š "An act making it a misdemeanor for any person to carry on the business of barbering on Sunday in the State of New York. R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 