Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.Š.Thomas 7efferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, APRIL 16, 1891. NUMBER 16. The An Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 Bohn 8T., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. TAKING everything into consideration we are justified in saying that this is the best Government in existence, and could the principles of the Constitution and the true spirit of equality, freedom, and liberty, that Lincoln spoke of in the dedication of the monument at Gettysburg, be carried out, it would be indeed the model Republic. ŠAmerican Standard. ALFRED the Great incorporated the ten commandments and Golden Rule, in the early English Constitution, but they are yet far from being the laws of English industrial and social life. Laws written on tables of stone and printed in statute books, are but the playthings of politi-cians if they are not written on people's hearts. Laws can not make men un-selfish. They can restrain ; but all legal righteousness is but temporary. Police righteousness is not divine righteousness. ŠRev. George D. Herron, in Christian Union. THE truth is that the talk about " a god-less and therefore necessarily-immoral edu-cation " loses sight altogether of the end and aim of the public school system. It does not attempt to make Christian men and women. That is left for other agencies, among them the churches. It aims to make men intelligent and independent citizens, to give them such-  an education as will enable them to exercise their polit-ical rights for the genera welfare, and as will enable them to keep out of jail and outs of the poor-house. In ti is it has been  successful;  and has amply vindicated its right to be maintained at the public ex-pense. Whether men behave themselves from right motives or from wrong is a point of vital importance from a religious point of view. From the secular point of view, which is that of the. State, it is of no consequence whatever.ŠNew York Times. An "Easy Lesson" for the American People. IN reading the literature department of the Independent, of March 12, 1891, we found the following book notice which, in view of the teaching of the book which it notices, we print in full:Š Easy Lessons in Christian Doctrine. Prepared for the Use of Mixed Schools. (Stevenson and Foster, Pittsburg, Penn.) With the approval of the managers of the Pennsylvania Reform School, at Morganza, near Pittsburg, the chaplain of the institution and the vice-president of the Board pre-pared this little manual of fifty pages, which has now been in use long enough to justify the high expecta-tions entertained of its usefulness. It is not a color- less, emasculated system of doctrine, which might be accepted by all simply because it contained noth- ing positive. It follows a broad and truly Christian path, teaching nothing militating against the doc-trines of any church that retains faith in the gospel of Jesus Christ. It is simple in language, conveni-ent in arrangement, clear, concise, positive in the general treatment of the essential truths of the Christian religion, and neither goes beyond the Scripture nor brings up the mooted points of Scripture. As the Pennsylvania school contains many Catholic youth, a copy of the catechism was sent to, Bishop Phelan, of the diocese of Western Pennsylvania, who, after examination, wrote as follows to Mr. J. A. Quay, Superintendent:Š The book, "Easy Lessons in Christian Doctrine," is the only book of religious instruction that has come under my notice which claims to keep within the lines of belief common to all who profess faith in Jesus.  Christ. It is, therefore, well suited for a text-book in public institutions where Catholics and Protestants at all times receive instruction. Catholics can accept all that tire book contains, and the important truths of the Catholic religion which it does not contain can readily be supplied by the priest who conducts special services for the Catholic inmates of the institution in which the book is used. The Bishop here suggests an important point. The manual, while teaching the fundamental truths of Christianity, can for the rest be supplemented by pastors of any church. Methodists, Baptists, Epis-copalians, or Presbyterians will find in the minds of the students a scriptural basis of truth, upon  which, if they please, they may build up the dis-tinctive dogmas of their various creeds. The Rev. James Allison, D. D., of Pittsburg, a "pillar of orthodoxy," a hearty believer in, and a staunch defender of, Calvinistic doctrine, connected with the Morganza Board for many years, and much experienced in this difficult field of labor, writes to the Superintendent :Š As you know, I am a Presbyterian minister and editor of the Presbyterian Banner. as well as Chairman of the Committee of Instruction and Discipline of the Pennsylvania Reform School. After careful examination of " Easy Lessons in Chris-tian Doctrine," I am happy to say that I believe this little work to be admirably adapted to be useful in reform schools and similar institutions, and, also, that it contains nothing to which any one can reasonably object. In these days of Church unity and plans for re-uniting the separated fragments of the Church universal, there is the earnest desire to remove the practical barriers existing between churches which hold much in common. The use of the little book, "Easy Lessons in Christian Doctrine," is evidence that there is, and that there may always be, a com-prehension and acceptance of the fundamental truth of pure Christianity, separate and apart from the denominational theories and practices which have divided the Church catholic. We bespeak for the collection careful examination on the part of teachers, and considerate judgment on the part of ministers and prelates. As soon as we had read this notice, we sent for a copy of these "easy lessons." It will be noticed that the title is " Easy Lessons in Christian Doctrine," and that these lessons have been prepared for the use of mixed schools. As it has been so long in use in the Pennsylvania Reform School, the claim seems about to be made, and is strongly hinted at in the foregoing notice of the Independent, that it may also be used with propriety in the public schools. And, indeed, why not ? Is not the Pennsylvania Reform School a public institution ? Is it not supported by taxa-tion of all the people ? and if these lessons can be taught there, why not in every other public institution ? Why not, there-. fore, in public schools ? But by what right do the managers of this public institution teach Christian doctrine at public expense.? And if these managers may do this then if they were succeeded by a Board of atheistic mana-gers why might not that Board teach a series of easy lessons in atheistic doctrine ? They would have the same right to do 