AMERICAN SENTINEL. 439 What Is the Everlasting Gospel?ŠNo. 5. BY C. H. KESLAKE. IN following these articles, and noting especially what 'has been said with reference to the Sabbath, it may still be possible that some one will contend that we are at-taching too much importance to this questionŠthat we are making one's loyalty to the whole gospel hinge upon the keeping of the Sabbath. With regard to this last point we confess that it is logical and accept the conclu-sion. But the reader will please bear in mind that we are not alone in this. The logic of this whole question was seen long ago by National Reformers and their allies. Leaving out for the moment the question of which day is the Sabbath, we could not put the matter more definitely and clearly than they have done it. To show this we will recall a few utterances that have already been quoted in these articles, and which were made by National Reformers. Speaking of Sunday, 'Dr. Everts says: "It is the test of all religion." Again he says, "The people who do not keep the Sabbath have no religion." These statements are strong, but the climax is reached when it is said, "He who does not keep the Sabbath does not worship God; and he who does not worship God is lost." Keeping these quotations in mind we will now read from the Scriptures as to how sinners are saved. The apostle says, "I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth, to the Jew first, and also to the Greek." Rom. 1:16. The gospel of Christ is the power of God unto salvation, because the gospel of Christ is Christ himself, for he is the power of God. 1 Cor. 1:24. What this salvation is, we are told in Matt. 1:21: "And thou shalt call his name Jesus; for he shall save his people from their sins." It is not necessary to multiply script-ures on this point, but we will quote one more to show what the result will be to the sinner who rejects the gos-pel: "And to you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels, in flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ; who shall be punished with everlasting de-struction from the presence of the Lord, and from the glory of his power." 2 Thess. 1:7-9. From these scriptures it will be seen that he who re-jects the gospel is lost. Now place by the side of this the words of Dr. Everts, "He who does not keep the Sabbath does not worship God; and he who does not worship God is lost." No one will fail to see the argument of Dr. Everts. If his proposition is true, then it is true that he who does not keep the Sabbath is lost. But those only are lost, as we have seen from the scriptures, who reject the gospel. That being so, it is as clear as day, accord-ing to Dr. Everts, that he who does not keep the Sab- bath rejects the gospel. It is therefore the truth that those who are laboring so earnestly to have Sunday en-forced by civil enactment hinge one's loyalty to the gos-pel upon the keeping of that day, supposing,  it to be the Sabbath. And it is because of this that they call Sunday a mark or sign. The logic of the whole situation therefore is this: no matter on which side of the question one standsŠwhether he believes the seventh day or the first day to be the SabbathŠhe is bound to the conclusion that one's atti-tude to the Sabbath determines his attitude to the gos-pel. From this there is no escape. But the seventh day and the first day cannot both be the Sabbath any more than the mark of the beast can be the mark of God. And as one's attitude to the gospel is determined by his attitude to the Sabbath it is impos-sible that too much importance can be attached to the question. And that being so, it is of the highest import-ance that we know which day is the Sabbath. And fur-ther, it is of the highest importance that we know the relation that the Sabbath sustains to the gospel. 4- The Wisdom of Solomon. "Present Truth" (London. Eng.) SOLOMON wrote, "He that passeth by, and meddleth with strife belonging not unto him, is like one that tak-eth a dog by the ears." Bishop Thomas -W . Dudley, of whom the following story is told, had evidently learned some lessons at the same school that Solomon did:Š "When it was first known in the city in which he was settled that he was to go to Kentucky, some of his friends were disposed to be critical. "You are not going to Kentucky, are you ?" asked one. "Yes, indeed." "Do you know what kind of a State that is ? I saw in the paper that one man killed another in a Kentucky town for treading on a dog." The bishop said nothing, and the man continued, impatiently, " What are you going to do in a place like that?" "I am not going to tread on the dog!" was the calm reply. The quarrelsome man is the one who is always in difficulty. A man of peace can live peaceably even among ill-disposed people. No man ever has any use for weapons, except the man who always carries them. THE poor shooting in the war is not all on the side of Spain. The Government struck at Spain in Cuba, and the first shot hit Manila, on the other side of the Pacific. THE lesson of the war as regards the most efficient type of naval architecture, is that the prowess of torpedo boats and "destroyers" has been greatly overrated. A heavy battery of rapid-fire guns, and the use of smokeless powder, are demonstrated to be essential to success. 