360 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol,. 5, No. 45. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 13, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny Orie receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without-having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, 'unless plainly.triarked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able 'rule to 'send out no papers without pay in advance, -.except by special arrangement, therefore, those who hive not ordered the SENTINEL-  need have no fears that, they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the ppstrofpce. A GENTLEMAN at West Sunbury, Penn-sylvania, sends us these encouraging words :Š " I am a Presbyterian, and worship on Sunday, and believe it to be the right day, but would force no one to believe or practice as I do. I have been reading THE AMERICAN SENTINEL for two years. It is doing a good work; God bless it." Ł Ł " THE work of converting the heathen world goes on apace," says America. " One of the latest steamers to leave Lon-don for the west coast of Africa had on board four hundred and sixty tons of gun-powder, eleven cases of gin, teh thousand casks of rum, and fourteen missionaries." But, then, England has a National Sun-day law, and acknowledges that its sov-ereigns reign by the grace of God, it is, therefore, according to the National Re-form idea, a Christian country, and critics should keep their hands off ! Ł Ł I' a speech in the Senate on the 30th nit, Mr. Carlisle denounced the new tariff bill as "an entirely new departure in the application of the principle of protection in this country copied from the paternal governments of Europe." How true this is is not for us to say; but that this coun-try is copying from the paternal govern-ments in many things does not admit of a doubt. The effort seems to be to make the Government everything and individ-uals and States nothing. And in this aping of European methods of government most of the several States are not one whit behind the general Government; paternal-ism is in the air. Ł-Ł WE are are asked by a correspondent to answer the following question :Š If the seventh-day people who now object to being compelled to keep Sunday were hi the major-ity, would not the fourth commandment, which says, " In it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is. within thy gates," require them to make laws compelling the Sunday people to keep the seventh day? Not as we understand the command-ment. " Within thy gates," means only upon property under your immediate con-trol; not the whole of any country. It is the duty of every man to see to it that no  work is done on his own preMises::Upon the day that he regards as the. Sabhaih ;-but the commandment gives no warrant whatever for' Sabbath legiSlatiOn; :Were,'" they in the majority, seventh-day`-people=  might, like others have done before;  them,' apostatize from God and ,appeal, to the.  State, but in so doing they would prOVe recreant to the very principles which they now maintain. " THE National.Reform Association," says the Union. Signal, " has started a `Citizens' and Business Men's.' Protest,' and requests all citizens, especially, those engaged in active business, to write to the - Columbian Exposition Committee, Chi-cago, using preferably their own printed letter heads, and saying simply, `I join,' or `This firm joins, in the protest against We proposed opening of the World's Colum-bian Exposition on the Sabbath." It is suggested that there are few towns where such letters cannot be secured from a Ma-jority of the business men. This seems very likely, when we remember that the boycott is to be used, if needs be, to secure.  Sunday closing of the great Fair. THE following is from the Ohris4ian Advocate, of this city :Š The religious notices in our Sunday papers quite frequently afford suggestive reading'. Some of them are cheap, frivolous advertisements, and better adapted to a Bowery show than a Christian ,church. But the desire to get a crowd is almost a disease with some men. Success to them is a matter of camp-stools and extra chairs, and a full church an evidence of genius. It is a matter of profound thankfulness that the Methodist ministers of this city are singularly free from blame in this matter. Perhaps they have the crowd already and do not require startling topics and sensational head-lines to fill their churches. But churches filled in this way are soon emptied, and even when filled, they are empty. We are glad that the Advocate can say that the ministers of the denomination which it represents are free from blame in this matter. But there is another matter in which they are not thus free, .namely, in the demand for laws which they imagine would drive people to the churches, by depriving them of Sunday papers, and by closing to them the various places of sec-ular resort. Ł It is true that rigid Sunday laws strictly enforced might fill the churches, but it is also true that if . filled in this way they would still be empty. " INTOLERANCE," says Public Opinion' of San Francisco, " should not manifest itself in any quarter on the day of elec-tion. The American people;  should not proscribe any citizen on account of either his nationality or his creed. Particularly careful should they be not to send a can-didate, who is to the manner born, out of their own party because he does not be-long to their church. It was broadly hinted at San Jose that the delegates from the interior would have no candidate' who  does.not.:belong to the:American religion, Whatever that inay be." We are afraid, howeve* that' the drift is in the direction of-.,  religiOUS test for;candidates.. The "American -religion " may not as yet be very clearly 'defined, but nobody knows how soon it 'may be, and how soon men must profess the " American creed " in order to secure vote's. It is certain, how-ever, when, the time does -come every man who is in politics for office will be a Chris-tian after the straightest sect of the "American religion;" whatever it happens to be. THE real dignity and worth of a book are not always indicated by its title; this is true of " Jack the Conqueror," No. 2 of " The Young People's Library." The sub-title, " Overcoming Difficulties," is, how-ever, really descriptive of .the book and relieves, in a measure, the somewhat unpleasant impression created by the more sensational appellation. The book contains three stories, all well calculated to beget worthy ambitions and stimulate to praiseworthy effort. It is probable' that none of the narratives are unvarnished recitals of the experiences of a single individual, yet they are exceed-inglY true to life,, and will tend to correct rather than give those false views of life which are so common in story books, and so' harmful to the young. Altogether, " Jack the Conqueror, or Overcoming Diffi-culties" is a very readable and worthy juve-nile book which can be safely placed in the hands of the young. " The Young Peo-ple's Library " deserves, and should have, the support of all who really desire to secure unobjectionable reading for their children. The numbers are of uniform size, style, and price. Each volume con-tains 160 pages 5 x 7 inches; the cheaper binding is piper, the more expensive, cloth embossed in jet and gold. The volumes sell for 25, and 50 cents, according to bind-ing. Pacific Press, New York, N. Y., and Oakland, California. THE same cause which restrained the vigor, polluted the character of the Church ; for, being unable immediately to repress its own spiritual weapons, the violent ani-mosities of its ministers, and impatient of the gradual influence of time and reason, in a:dark and disastrous moment it had re--`course 'to that temporal sword which was not intended for its service, and which it has never yet employed without disgrace or without impunity.ŠWaddington. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a ,union' of Church and State, either in name or in fact.-  -Single-Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1,00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . The. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, ti Bond Street, New York. 