346 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY: uligiumauwithilwathiuli",, I NEWS, NOTES imyym  RAID COMMENT The Senate committee on the judiciary has refused to report favorably the proposed constitutional amend-ment giving Congress power to regulate marriage and divorce. * * The British-Boer war is practically over. The re-sult being what everybody except the Boers them-selves foresaw it must necessarily be, the utter extinc-tion of the Boer republics as independent states. The odds against them were too great. * The Dreyfus affair is again making trouble for the French Government. M. Waldeck-Rousseau is openly branded as a liar and scoundrel while presiding over the chamber, and on several occasions it has been nec-essary to surround him with guards to protect him from personal violence while in the chair. The French seem determined to maintain their reputation as the most turbulent of all civilized peoples. * * * At the time of the closing of the columns of this paper twenty-three warships were at Ta-kauŠnine Russian, three British, three German, three French, two American, two Japanese, and one Italian. In addition to their crews, the Russians had on board their warships r i,000 troops from Port Arthur, with field equipment. Fourteen thousand Russian troops are held in readiness at Port Arthur. Three hundred "international" bluejackets were already at Peking. * * * A recent Vienna despatch states that the Arch-bishop of Bucasert, at a recent audience with the Pope, received an autograph letter from the Pontiff for King Charles of Roumania. This letter virtually marks a complete reconciliation between the King and the Vatican, after years of strained relations. The Crown Prince's first son was baptized according to Orthodox rites, and the Pope, angered at the act, has pardoned slowly. Ł * Recent advices are to the effect that the Czar has obtained from the Persian Government well-defined concessions of great political and commercial import-ance. Among these concessions is a grant of the right to construct a railroad from Erwan, in Caucasia, to  Tabriz, and also for the opening to Russian trade of the entire district of Khorassan. Engineers have al-ready begun surveying this railway, which leads to the center of the Azerbijan district, and which really is the beginning of the road which will eventually extend through all Persia to Bararbbas, and give Russia an exit to the sea through the Persian Gulf. A late dispatch from Brussels says the election in that city has "resulted in the return of eight Catholic deputies, five socialists, three liberals and two pro-gressists for the chamber and five Catholic members, two liberals and two progressists for the senate. The general results of the election so far show that eighty-five Catholics, thirty-three liberals, thirty-three social-ists and one Christian Democrat have been elected." And that is the way some people would like to have election returns read in this country, only, of course, each denomination or religious federation would like to see their party in the lead. * The following from a recent number of the English Churchman (London) will seem strange to American eyes: "On Monday the Bishop of Liverpool went to Windsor Castle and did homage to the Queen on his appointment. The Home Secretary was present and administered the oath. We presume our neo-Angli-cans would wish these `formalities' to be dispensed with." But why should it seem strange? In our own country chaplains are elected by legislatures and by Congress, and in the Army and Navy they are appoint-ed and sworn. After all, we are only a step behind our English cousins. These facts furnished to a London weekly by the secretary of the Church Association go to show the rapid growth of ritualism in the Established Church of England. Concerning a certain parish the secretary writes : "It now seems that the long-suffering Protestant parishioners, instead of getting that redress which they were entitled to at the hands of the Archbishop, have had set over them another ritualistic law-breaker. On Sunday last six candles were kept burning during the whole of the service, and four more were lighted at the communion, wafer bread was used, and the conse-crated elements elevated. The new churchwardens, who are decided Protestants, protested after the ser-vice against these illegal practices. The action of the Archbishop of York in this case shows more clearly than ever that the bishops are not to be trusted." 