376 AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN evangelist named Higgins was recently tarred and feathered by a mob of citizens at Levant, Me., and carried out of town on a rail. He is a preacher of a sect called the "Disciples of the Holy Ghogt," which has a central colony in the State at Durham. The only prov-ocation given by Mr. Higgins appears to have been such as arose from opposition to his religious views. The civil authorities are seeking to discOver the perpetrators of the outrage, and a number of arrests have been made, although Mr. Higgins refused to make any complaint. * CABLE dispatches from Rome state that a vigorous effort is being made there to have the pope appointed head of the International Arbitration commission which is being projected by the Peace Congress at The Hague. If that can be done the pope will doubtless be willing to forgive the slight put upon him in refusing him represen-tation at the congress. WAR between England and the Transvaal is once more threatened owing to the failure of recent negotia-tions between the representative of Great Britain and President Kruger. The negotiations related to a redress of grievances suffered by the "Outlanders"Šwho are mostly BritishŠin the Transvaal, and their failure is taken to mark the end of diplomacy in relation to the matter. * * * THE threat of war is heard also from another quar-ter. A number of Japanese scientists landed recently on the Liaotang peninsula, to conduct some investigations, and were seized by the Russians and shot as spies. Japan has sent a peremptory demand to the Russian government for full reparation. * * DREYFUS, the French army officer and victim of a military anti-semitic conspiracy, has been granted a new trial by the French Court of Caseation, and several per-petrators of the plot against him are under arrest. As.  Dreyfus was practically cleared of the charge of treason made against him before the court decided to grant a new trial, the latter is expected to be only a formality ending in a verdict of not guilty. Thus a plot which had its origin in religious animosity finally, as so many  like plots before it have done, reacts to the undoing of its originators. * CLERGYMEN of Atlanta, Ga., are still prosecuting vigorously the campaign for Sunday closing. At last reports they were debating with some of the city coun-cilmen a proposition to allow the Sunday selling of fruit. In their sermons on Sunday desecration the clergy de-clare that "only works of mercy and necessity" should be allowed on the "Sabbath." It would be interesting to discover how nearly these clergymen are agreed among themselves on the question of just what are "works of mercy and necessity." We are of the opinion, that as many differing lists of such works would be enu-merated as there might be clergymen who would separ-ately undertake to name them. What is the Matter with the Cubans? THE people of the United States seem to have changed their minds about the people of Cuba. While Cuba wan a Spanish colony, and her people were struggling for in-dependence, the people of the United States deemed them eminently fitted for self-government. They urged thin. Government to recognize Cuban independence; they lauded the statesmanship of the leaders, and the intelli-gence and bravery and enterprise of the people. They resolved that the Cubans "are and of right ought to be,  free," etc., etc. And all sorts of bad things were said by politicians, preachers, and editors against the tyranny of Spain, because she would not at once grant self gov-ernment to the Cubans. But since Spain has been com-pelled to loosen her grasp on the island, the Cubans have suddenly degenerated. They are "lazy," and "worth-less," and "inclined to brigandage," and altogether "un-reliable." They are, and will be for ageneration to come, totally unfit for self-government. What has brought about this great change? Is it contact with the great American Republic? Is it the in-fluence of our boasted -Christian civilization"? Or what is it that, in a few short months after the disappearance of the Spanish flag, has had such a deteriorating effect on the character and capabilities of the Cubans? A year ago they were well qualified to govern themselves, and already they are so far short of the mark that no one can even surmise how far short they really are. Logic-ally it would seem expedient for the United States to,  restore Cuba to Spain in order to save the Cubans from relapse into utter barbarity. But is the trouble really with the Cubans? Have they actually become so radically changed in character? Is it not possible that we Americans have become so elated with our easy victory over "poor decrepit old Spain" that our eyes "stand out with fatness" until we cannot see the picture as we formerly did? Is it not be- 