THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY, 685 abled to see for myself the full operation of the law. my  investigations unaided and unaccompanied, de- " Without fear of molestation I took pains to pending upon' my disguise to,  carry me throUgh cover a pretty good range of country, and I believe Not a soul was in my confidence except those in my I got a reliable insight. I did the detective work boarding place. My object was to see if a ,stranger myself. Some took me for a dude, some for a dunce, could get liquor. and others for a card sharp. I was offered drink by "As I was anxious to Irvin my, investigations as all. I went into hotels; restaurants and saloons, and soon as possible I entered the first restaurant I en-now I am back home well informed on the subject. countered and asked for beet. The waiter replied, " The result of my discoveries is interesting. I 'We have none, but you can get all you, want at the soon discovered that to intimate to the Maine peo- hotel across the street.' Iwent over there and was pie that the law is enforced draws a smile or a sigh, accommodated. simply because every one in the State who has " Next I entered a drugstore, so called, and found taken the trouble to look into the matter knows a bar, with all the usual fixtures of the modern sa-that it is not enforced and that little or no attempt loon. The bartender, in a nonchalant manner, drew is made to do so. me off a glass of beer, for which I paid five cents. "The politicians and officeholders favor the law "Later I entered several 'restaurants. All had as it is, because they can say to the good people bars, which Were conducted quite as openly as if the who want prohibition: 'We are for the law,' while place had been.licensed. Ł the liquor interests do not object, as the fees and "The Republican party is for retaining the law fines they pay to police and sheriff are considerably as a venerable institution and honorable name, The less than low license. Democrats. are for enforcementŠat least, that is "Only occasional raids are attempted, and then their platform. They accuse the dominant party of treachery and dishonesty. The Prohibitionists are only for the sake of appearance and to extort money discouraged and weak, while the church appears to from the saloonists. be either indifferent or disC,ouraged and waits to act Easy to Obtain Liquor.. until there is a better state of things in Maine. " In conclusion, I might say that I believe that "Without the slightest show of secrecy I visited no more flagrantviolation of liquor laws can be a saloon, that is, a saloon in all but the sign found in the United States than in Maine.-  The above the door, located in a prominent position good old State is dishonoring the illustrious name on State Street, Portland. Upon my arrival from of her ,great prohibition reformer, Dow, whose home Boston I innocently passed this place at the first was in the very town where the laws are most ire-glance, never suspecting anything out of the way quently set at naughtŠPortland." until my eyes were opened a day or two later, when Mr. Gamble's experience and the facts-which he I finally discovered the true nature of the place and states bear witness that in morals as in other things entered it. I asked for a lunch, whereupon the bar- tender sized me up for a dunce and replied: `We " a stream can not rise above its source." It is im- possible for the people of Maine, or any other State, have none, but I can serve you with anything you want to drink, old man."But You have no right to to make themselves any better by law. sell here,' I,said. '0, yes, I have,' he replied. !How It is likewise true that statutes in advance of the do, you work it?' I questioned; tip politicians?' moral sense ,of the people, cannot 'be .enforcedŠ' No, I pay my fines.' that,  is, such laws will not be enforced except spas- " He spoke as confidently as if a thousand-dollar modically. There can be no uniform operation of license hung on the wall. When I left the place two policemen were standing near by and I asked such a law. It is more than likely to be used for them how often they fined the 'saloonkeeper in  purposes of blackmail. It places temptation in the question, but they -could give me no satisfactory way of officers of the law and so corrupts the ad-answer. The place was free and open to all comers. ministration 'of justice. Even women were constantly running in and out, That the liquor traffic ought to be abolished ad- carrying pails containing beer and ale. mits of no question, but it is more'than doubtful if "This is the state of things in all the large towns . prohibition can be made effective unless supported of Maine. Of coursel  if one wants to be blind to  such an overwhelming public sentiment as to the facts and simply walks up and down the streets by  make it unnecessary; fora people who are at heart of the town looking for signs, he 'can easily go out of the, State and still believe that prohibition pro- 'opposed to liquor.drinking will not drink. Saloons hibits in Maine. would starve to death among them. The failure of Bar in a Drug- Store. the Maine law only emphasizes the truth that " there "The day after my arrival in the State -Ibegan is no help in man." 