266 AMERICAN SENTINEL_ gize for the part we took in the war. It is to be hoped that like trials will never again befall our country. In this sentiment no class of people can more heartily join than the soldier who submitted to the dangers, trials, and hardships of the camp and the battle-field, on which-ever side he fought. No class of people are more inter-ested in guarding against a recurrence of those days. Let us, then, begin by guarding against every enemy threatening the perpetuity of free republican institu-tions. I do not bring into this assemblage politics,Šcer-tainly not partisan politics,--but it is a fair subject for soldiers in their deliberations to consider what may be necessary to secure the prize for which they battle. In a republic like ours, where the citizen is the sovereign and the official the servant, where no power is exercised ex-cept by the will of the people, it is important that the sovereignŠthe peopleŠshould possess intelligence. The free school is the promoter of that intelligence which is to preserve us a free nation. If we are to have another contest in the neart future of our national existence, I predict that the dividing line will not be Mason and Dixon's, but between patriotism and intelligence, on the one side, and superstition, ambition, and ignorance on the other. Now, in this centennial year of our national ,existence, I believe it is a good time to begin the work of strengthening the foundation of the house commenced by our patriotic forefathers one hundred years ago at Concord and Lexington. Let us all labor to add all needful guarantees for the more perfect security of free thought, free speech, and free press; pure morals, unfet-tered religious sentiments, and of equal rights and privi-deges to all men, irrespective of nationality, color, or religion. Encourage free schools, and resolve that not one dollar of money appropriated to their support, no matter how raised, shall be appropriated to the support of any sectarian school. Resolve that neither the State or nation, nor both combined, shall support institutions of learning other than those sufficient to afford to every child growing up in the land the opportunity of a good common school education, unmixed with sectarian, pa- gan, or atheistical tenets. Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, supported entirely by private contribution. Keep the Church and State forever separate. With these safe-guards I believe the battles which created the Army of the Tennessee will not have been fought in vain. " ART thou he that troubleth Israel?" was the query put anciently by Ahab to Elijah; and the same query has been put in the same spirit to those bearing the mes_ sage of God, by opposers of the truth, from Elijah's day down to the present. Ahab was the real troubler of Is_ rael, the real enemy of the peace and prosperity of his country. Murder and the Millennium. THERE were 10,652 men, women and children mur-dered in the United States in 1896. Allowing forty feet to each vehicle and ten vehicIesto each funeral, the number of persons murdered in the United States last year would make a funeral procession eight hundred miles long. Traveling at the rate of five miles an hour it would take six days and sixteen hours for this procession to pass a given point. Starting at noon on Sunday and traveling day and night, the last of this train of tears and blood and blighted hopes, this product of greed and rage and lust would pass by at the early hour of two on. the next Sunday morning. For years this record of blood has steadily increased. The number murdered in 1892 was 6,794; the number in 1896 was 10,652. This is an increase in five years of nearly 57 per cent., while the population in the same time increased less than 12 per cent. And, yet in the face of these startling figures the largemajority of religious lead-ers teach that the world is getting better, that we are en-tering the long-expected millennium. The authority for these figures is the Chicago Tribune, which publishes, on January 1st' of each year, among other statistics, the number of homicides during the pre-vious year. This responsible journal could have no ob-ject in exaggerating this record of crime. Those who prophesy smooth things, who have- pre-dicted a millennial reign of righteousness now dawning upon the earth, have denied the correctness of these- fig-ures in order to break the force of their import.. With this in mind the writer corresponded with the Tribune, and received the following clear statement under date of March 31, 1897, of the methods used in collecting these statistics:Š "The only defense needed-for the statistics is an ex-planation showing how they are collected. EVery morn-ing the telegraphic reports to the Chicago papers are examined for these and other statistics. In addition to this the leading papers of every important city in. every State and Territory are closely scrutinized, and each case is entered. The statistics as a whole, therefore,, include every case of murder received by the Tribune by tele-graph, and by mail in the exchange list. These cases are carefully kept day by day to the end of the year. My im-pression is that the totals are under rather than over the exact figures. "Very truly yours, "GEo. P. UPTON, "Asso.. Ed. Tribune." Judge Isaac C. Parker, of the United States District Court, in a signed article in the New York World, of Feb. 9, 1896, writes thus:Š "The record of the last five years ('91-'95) shows that there have been 43,902 homicides in the United States, an average of 7,317 per year. In the same time there have been 728 legal executions and 1,118 lynchings. 