The Plea for National Sunday Legis- lation. APRIL 6, the United States Senate Commit-tee on Education and Labor, Senator Blair chairman, gave a hearing to arguments in support of the petitions of the W. C. T. U., for National Sunday Legislation. Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, D. D., delivered what seems to have been the principal production on the ques- tion. He has since presented the same argu-ment in the Philadelphia National Reform Convention. The paper is entitled, "National Sabbath Reform." We propose to reproduce here some of his arguments, not only that we may examine them for their own sake, but also that they may be examined by our read-ers in the light of the principles stated in the report of the United States Senate, given on another page. The petitions in support of which the ar-gument was made, ask Congress to prohibit Sunday railroad trains, Sunday mails, and Sunday parades in the army and navy. The Doctor instances the railroad strikes, riots, and wrecks, as proof that the Sunday train is a national evil, and says:Š " There is abundance of evidence in the testimony of railroad men themselves of the fact that their Sabbath-breaking is closely re-lated to their train-wrecking. They feel that, having broken one commandment of God, they might as well go through the whole list. . . . It is a perilous thing to allow men to be started in law-breaking." So, then, Doctor Crafts and his fellow-peti-tioners, want Congress to set itself up as the guardian of the law of God, to define what is the law of God and what is its transgressionŠto define and to punish sinŠfor Mr. Crafts said also in this very connection that "most of the railroad work " " is a sin against God's law." He demands that railroad trains shall be compelled to stop over Sunday wherever they may be when Sunday overtakes them, and then inquires:Š " Why may not a few railway passengers be detained for one day, even at some slight in-convenience or loss, on the same ground that steamboat passengers are detained in quaran-tine for a fortnight, namely, to protect the public health?"! ! Does the Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, D. D., mean seriously to assert that all steamboat passen-gers are detained in quarantine for a fortnight? He knows better. He knows that it is only the passengers of steamboats infected with cholera, or yellow fever, or small-pox, or some such deadly disease, that are detained in quar-antine at all. Well, then, does he mean seri-ously to assert that a railroad train running on Sunday is as dangerous to the public health as is a cholera-infected steamboat? and that the train must therefore be quarantined on Sunday " to protect the public health "? If he does not mean this, then his argument is an utter non sequitur. And if he does mean this, then to what absurd lengths will men not run in their wild endeavors to find a basis for Sunday legislation ? The lightning ex-press on Sunday is as a streak of cholera, says the Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, D. D.; so it must be quarantined. His next proposition is of the same 'piece. Here it is :Š "An inter-State commerce bill to protect the health of cattle is now before the Senate. Why not add another to protect the health of railroad men?" Well, dear Doctor, there are several reasons for this. As you seem not to have discovered any, let us endeavor to enlighten you. There are several points of distinction between rail-road men and cattle. You seem not to have discovered this. Allow us to point them out. First, there has always been recognized, by everybody, unless, perhaps, certain Doctors of Divinity, a distinction between railroad men and cattle in this, that railroad men have more sense than cattle have; that they are capable of taking care of their own health, and that they have all the facilities for it. Secondly, a distinction between railroad men and cattle appears in this, that railroad men are not bought and sold, nor are they crowded into cars and shipped, as cattle are. Thirdly, an important distinction between railroad men and cattle appears in this, Doc-tor, that railroad men are not killed and eaten as cattle are. You see, Doctor, cattle are eaten by the public. Therefore you will see, per-haps, that if the cattle be diseased, the public will be eating disease, and the public health will be endangered. Therefore an inter-State commerce bill to protect the health of cattle is a necessity to protect the public health. Now, Doctor, if the American public was killing and eating railroad men as it is cattle, then it would be the most proper thing to " add another " inter-State commerce bill to protect the health of railroad men. But, Doctor, we are happy to inform you that the American public does not do that thing yet. Therefore there is no necessity whatever for any inter-State commerce bill to protect the health of railroad menŠby declaring a quar-antine on all Sunday trains. Next the Doctor discusses Sunday mails, and it is in this that there appears the "true -inwardness" of his whole Sunday-law argu- EDITORS. An2eFicar/ Ser2tirel. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING HOUSE, OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS. J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. TONES. Entered at the Post-office  in Oakland. A Dangerous Combination. IN 1829 the United States Senate said:Š "Extensive religious combinations for po-litical purposes are always dangerous." Now it is the literal truth that there has never before been such an extensive religious combination for any purpose, in this country, as there is now for the purpose of securing the enactment and enforcement of stringent Sunday laws. The National Reform Associ-ation, the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, all the leading Protestant churches, and the Roman Catholic Church, are all ac-tively in favor of it, and the combination is daily growing more solid, and all these are doing their utmost to draw every other power into the combination. Here then there is fast drawing together the most extensive religious combination that there could possibly be in this Nation. Now is it for a political purpose? Let one of their most active representatives answer. Dr. Wilbur F. Crafts, in his address to the United States Senate Committee on Educa-tion and Labor, said:Š "Whatever is going to be law must first be politics. Therefore petitions to the National Conventions of all political parties asking that in their platforms National Sabbath Reform, as well as other reforms, may be favored, are in order. Do you say, 'Keep the Sabbath out of politics'? It is already in. Its enemies have attacked it on the field of politics. If we do not defend it on the same field, our Sab-bath laws will be destroyed. . . . This issue is a good one with which to settle these two supreme questions of party politics." By their own statements, then, this exten-sive religious combination is for a political purpose. Therefore, as extensive religious combinations for a political purpose are al-ways dangerous; this most extensive religious combination for the political purpose of se-curing the enactment and enforcement of Sunday-laws is most dangerous. Will the people see the danger in time to escape it? We give the warning, and shall continue to give it. Will the people heed the warning? '.#1‚`.Ł Ł \‚' "Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 3. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JUNE, 1888. NUMBER 6. 