92 .A.M.IEsEtECA.INT glE.INTrr VOL. 11, No. 12. of those whose Christianity is really an affair of the life and of the heart, an open circus or theater will never be a particle of hindrance, whether open at church time or all the time. But those people had not enough religion or love of right to do what they thought to be right; therefore they wanted the State to take away from them all opportunity to do wrong, so that they all could be Christians. Satan himself could be made that kind of Christian in that way; but he would be Satan still. Says Neander again :Š Church teachers . . . were in truth often forced to complain that in such competitions the theater was vastly more frequented than the church.? And the church could not stand competi-tion; she wanted a monoply. And she got it. And the " church " wants a monoply to-day. This petition of the Carthage convention could not be granted at once, but in 425 the desired law was secured; and to this also there was attached the reason that was given for the first Sunday "law" that ever was made, namely: " In order that the devotion of the faithful might be free from all disturbance."' It must constantly be borne in mind, how-ever, that the only way in which " the devo-tion of the faithful ' was " disturbed" by these things was that, when the circus or theater was open at the same time that the church was open, the " faithful " would go to the circus or theater instead of, to church, and, therefore, their " devotion" was " dis-turbed." And of course the only way in which the "devotion" of such "faithful" ones could be freed from all disturbance, was to close the circuses and the theaters at church time. In the logic of this theocratical scheme, there was one more step to be taken. It came about in this way : First, the church had all work on Sunday forbidden, in order that the people might attend to things divine. But the people went to the circus and the theater instead of to church. Then the church had laws enacted closing the circuses and the theaters, in order that the people might attend to things divine. But even then the people would not be devoted, nor attend to things divine,, for they had no real religion. The next step to be taken, therefore, in the logic of the situation, was to compel them to be devotedŠto compel them to attend to things divine. This was the next step logically to be taken, and it was taken. The theocratical bishops were equal to the occasion. They were ready with a theory that exactly met the demands of the case, and the great Catholic Church father and Catholic saint, Augustine, was the father of this Catholic saintly theory. He wrote:Š It is indeed better that men should be brought to serve God by instruction than by fear of punishment, or by pain. But because the former means are better, the latter must not, therefore, be neglected. Many must often be brought back to their Lord, like wicked servants, by the rod of temporal suffering, before they attain to the highest grade of religious develop-ment. 9  Of this theory Neander remarks:Š It was by Augustine, then that a theory was pro-posed and founded which . . . contained the germ of that whole system of spiritual despotism, of intolerance and persecution, which ended in the tri-bunals of the Inquisition." The history of the Inquistion is only the history of the carrying out of this infamous theory of Augustine's. But this theory is Id. p. 301. s Schaff's Church History, Vol. II, sec. 27. 10  Church History, p. 217. only the logical sequence of the theory upon which the whole series of Sunday "laws" was founded. Then says Neander: " In this way the church received help from the State for the furtherance of her ends." This statement is correct. Constantine did many things to favor the bishops. He gave them money and political preference. He made their decisions in disputed cases final, as the decision of Jesus Christ. But in noth-ing that he did for them did he give them power over those who did not belong to the .church, to compel them to act, as though they did, except in that one thing of the Sun-day law. Their decisions, which he decreed to be final, were binding only on those who voluntarily chose that tribunal, and affected none others. Before this time if any who had repaired to the tribunal of the bishops were dissatisfied with the decision, they could appeal to the civil magistrate. This edict cut off that source of appeal, yet affected none but those who voluntarily chose the arbitration of the bish-ops. But in the Sunday "law" power was given to the church to compel those who did not belong to the church, and who were not sub-ject to the jurisdiction of the church, to obey the commands of the church. In the Sunday "law" there was given to the church control of the civil power, that by it she could com-pel those who did not belong to the church to act as if they did. The history of Constantine's time may be searched through and through, and in it will be found that in nothing did he give to the church any such power, except in this one thingŠthe Sunday "law". Neander's state-ment is literally correct, that it was " in this way the church received help from the State for the furtherance of her ends." And it is "in this way" that the "church" is still de-manding and receiving help from the State, and getting it only too often. JOINING HANDS WITH THE PAPACY. IT is a sorry spectacle to lovers of civil and religious freedom when Protestantism, in the persons of its leading representatives, stretches out the hand to the Papacy for an alliance with that religious despotism in the " battle for righteousness " against "atheism " and " lawlessness." Such spectacles are becoming more and more frequent. One of the latest was presented in Columbus, Ohio, on Sunday evening, February 23, when a leading "Prot-estant ' minister of the city, Rev. J. C. Jack-son, delivered a eulogy upon the Catholic Church, closing with these words, as re-ported in the Ohio State Journal, of Feb-ruary 24:Š Then there is the noble stand the pope and the church has taken in the encyclicalŁ upon the labor question. There is much, also, that might be said in praise of the Catholic attitude on the social purity question, and in the divorce reform. She is one of the main anchors of the family in our American life. In the temperance reform the trumpet of the Balti-more Council gave a clear sound ; and in Ohio and other States her bishops are rendering hearty and val-uable service. Qn the Sabbath question, what a noble utterance was that of Mgr. Seton, of Jersey City, when we were having our struggle in the " Greater New York." I wish now, as a Protestant minister, to say to my fellow-churchmen, that in the struggles for morality and reform which are ahead of us in this country, we will need all the help from Catholics we can get. If they are treated as they ought to be, treated as fellow-Christians and members of the same household of faith, we will find their 10,000,000 of people coming into line with us; and in all probability furnishing the decisive force that shall win the battle for right-eousness. We are now facing foreignism, atheism,  and lawlessness of all sorts. None but fools will slight those sincere and godly Catholics who are naturally our best allies. It is one thing to join hands with Roman Catholics upon the plane of their own individ-uality, and quite another thing to unite with them when acting under the direction of " the church." In the latter case it is simply a union with the Papacy,Š.with a re-ligious system which is altogether unright-eous. While we should have only words of wel-come for the Catholic people of our land, as individuals, in every goal purpose and work, no support whatever can properly be given the unchristian system under which they have the misfortune to be in bondage. But when sup-port is sought from the Catholic bodies in our land, it is the support of the Papacy that is asked, and it will be given in that way which will best serve the interests of the Papacy in this country. MORE SUNDAY SELFISHNESS. [New York World, March 9.1 ALBANY, March 9.ŠThe proprietors of a small theater in Brooklyn have found it neces-sary to give Sunday concerts because a rival establishment does so. The venture is not profitable, and in order to be rid of annoying competition they per-suaded Senator McNulty to introduce a bill putting an end to all Sunday entertainments of any description anywhere in the State, and to all public singing, except in churches. This bill is still in the Codes Committee. ON THE WRONG TRACK. THE would-be reformers who are trying to Christianize this, nation through the agency of civil law, are on the wrong track. They should be devoting their energies to the spir-itual welfare of the Church, instead of trying to force religion upon the masses. The spir-itual interests of the Church are in great need of attention. But our self-appointed and self-heralded " reformers" care nothing that the lamp of piety burns dimly in the sanctu-ary, while they with carnal weapons seek to gain control of worldly governments. Says the Christian Instructor:Š We cannot but feel that the sappers and miners are busy at work under the foundation of our Christian system. They do not proclaim their object, and per-haps many of them are not aware of what will be the result of their present operations. . . . They be-long to orthodox churches, and are supposed to be feeding the sheep of Christ with pure doctrine. And yet by their learned criticisms upon the Scriptures they are doing more than open infidels to shake the foundation of faith and bring the Lord Jesus into contempt. The New York Observer takes note of this utterance with the remark: " This may seem severe language; but that there is some war-rant for it is patent to multitudes of intelli-gent and reverent souls." This is certainly so. It is painfully patent to lovers of piety and the pure doctrine of God's word, and it is also patent to multitudes of others who find in it an opportunity to point the finger of scorn at the Church and make light of sa-cred things. The spiritual condition of the ChurchŠin its confusion of multiplying sects and diver-sities of doctrineŠis alarming, and aptly ex-pressed by the prophetic utterance, " Babylon is fallen." God's word is criticized in the pulpit; sermons upon political-and municipal reform topics are dealt out to the multitudes 