544 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YoRx, AUGUST 31, 1899. THE twenty-sixth annual con-vention of the national W. C. T. U. will be held at Seattle, Washington, October 20-25. Fr is estimated that 4,600 lives were lost in the hurricane that dev-astated Porto Rico and other islands of the West Indian group. Tur..sx are stirring times; but it does not follow from this that you are stirred by the developments of the times. It has frequently lhapp ened in this world that the most stirring and momentous periods of history were undiscerned as such by the generations then living, and the people of those times were indiff-erent and unconcerned right at the time when they should have been aroused to the greatest activity. The forces of good and of evil, of despotism and of liberty, are being marshaled for the final conflict, which will center around the principles of liberty of conscience. To compel the conscience, will be the effort made on the one hand; while to maintain it in full freedom as the guide of individual conduct, will be the resolution taken on the other. Just now, there is a lull in those acts of religious persecution which were a mark of apostasy on the part of the church; and our atten-tion is drawn to the spectacle of an apostasy on the part of the state. We see the state renouncing the principles of free government, and this spectacle is no less significant than was the other, when the church was laying the hand of intolerance upon dissenters. Both these apos-tasies are preparatory steps to the union of church and state which the SENTINEL has foretold in this coun-try. An apostate church could not  join hands with any other than an apostate state. In the industrial world, we see conditions arising which are the enemy of individual independence; and he who would retain that in-dependence necessary to self-respect-ing manhood, must be prepared to contend for it against powerful op-position. This is the day of com-binations and federations, every one of which is for the express purpose of burying indiVidualism out of sight, and of exalting the doctrine that human rights are inherent not in in-dividuals, but only in majorities. These are some of the develop-ments that should engage the atten-tion of people to-day and arouse them to the fact that they are fac-ing a crisis. Now, the voice of duty calls every one who has understand-ing of the times, to bestir himself in seeking to enlighten others and to rally the people around the princi-ples of truth and righteousness. We trust that among the readers of the SENTINEL, there may be many to whom this call of duty will not come in vain. CONDITIONS arising from race an-tagonism in the South are growing more serious, and eminent white men of that section are now saying that the negro must go; that only by a separation of the races can the race problem in the South be solved. Ex-senator M. C. Butler, of South Carolina, is quoted thus : " One race must go to the wall; and with the kindest feelings of good will toward the negro, I must side with my own race. Two racescannot live together in peace, on terms of equal civil and political rights; and the sooner we realize that, the better for both races." And while this Government is talk-ing thus to the negroes at home,Šwhile it is denying to a foreign race on its own shores the blessings of American free governmentŠit is at the same time enforcing submission from a foreign race on a foreign shore, on the plea that it wants to  bestow these blessings upon them! If the Southern negroes, born on American soil and brought up under the influences of American civiliza-tion, cannot be "benevolently as-similated" here in America, how can the Government benevolently assim-ilate eight or ten millions of semi-civilized people who are thousands of miles away? How can it bestow upon the latter the blessings of which it boasts, when it cannot confer them upon an alien people within its own borders? If the negro can enjoy the blessings of free government at all, why can he not enjoy them here in America? And if he is incapable of enjoying them anywhere, is it certain that the Filipino is not just as incapable and that the awful price being paid to rescue him from misgovernment will not be paid in vain? If it is better for this country and the negro that he should go, how can it be best for this country and the Filipino that the latter should come? It is not a case of the one class needing more of the civilization of the other, but of both classes need-ing a personal application of the principles of the gospel. Among lives that exemplify those principles, no "race problem" is ever known. THE President has issued a proc-lamation bearing on the question of Cuban independence, which is to be published in Cuba in a short time. It is to the effect that as soon as the Cuban census is completed arrange-ments will be made for holding local elections in the various provinces of the island, which will constitute the first step in the establishment of a Cuban government. The proclama-tion is intended to offset the effect of stories circulated in the island affirm-ing that the Government does not intend to fulfill its promise of giving the Cubans independence. Mean-while a committee of influential men representing the former autonomist party in Havana, are en route to Washington to lay before the Presi-dent a petition for Cuban annexa-tion. 