212 AMERICAN SENTINEL. flag? The American flag is the symbol of the American Government, and constitutes no standard of right and wrong. The Government may be right, or it may be wrong— but the flag remains its sympol at all times. Why then should the flag be better in—,tbe hands of a Christian minister than the Bible for convincing an op-ponent that he is in the wrong? What is there in the American flag —that discounte-nances Sunday ball playing? Many preachers' seem to believe that the Bible is against Sunday ball, and an objection based upon religious grounds might be made with some show of plausibility; but what possible ground of objection to Sunday ball can be embodied in the flag is a question to which neither history nor reason can furnish an answer. The Rev. Mr. Chalmers says that he would fight Sun-day ball not as a preacher, but as a citizen. He is a citizen of the State of Ohio, and there is a law of the State which forbids baseball on Sunday. But what em-phasis to this would be given by the American flag? The flag is not the flag of the State, but of the nation; and there is nothing in the national law.which opposes Sun-day ball. The national Constitution confers no power upon the national Legislature to forbid the playing of Sunday ball. And as a citizen of the United States, bearing the American flag, the Rev. Mr. Chalmers or any other person would necessarily stand in an attitude not at all unfavorable to Sunday games. The speaker strongly alleged that his attitude in this matter was taken out of regard for law. "I am not standing," he said, " on the moral ground alone. It isn't a question as to whether I think it is right or wrong. It is the question as to whether it is law or not." This is precisely the'principle by which the Christian martyrs were condemned and put to death during the Dark Ages. "Heresy"was against the law of the land, and the heretic, after being condemned by the Inquisition, was always turned over to the hands of the civil authorities, and from them received his punishment. It is an evil principle indeed that the only question to be considered in the administratiOn of civil affairs, is that of what is the law. Laws ought always to be just; but they are frequently unjust. And when unjust, Right does not ab-dicate her throne in their favor. Right and justice always stand as the paramount claimants to our reverence and support. A minister of the gospel ought to be the last person to put the question of " what is the law ?" above the question of what is right. The speaker said further that " you don't have to believe the Bible to stand against Sunday baseball;" and in this he hit upon the truth. Reverence for Sunday is not based upon the Bible; but upon tradition; and the more the Bible is believed, the less opposition will there be to Sunday recreation in any form. The Bible speaks inn number of places of the first day of the week, but nowhere mentions it as a day different in character from any other day except,  the seventh, which it declares to be the " Sabbath of the Lord." At the close of his discourse the speaker called upon his congregation for a rising vote in favor of supporting the Sunday law, and all present are said to have re-sponded, with the exception of " five or six young men in the rear of the auditorium." Of this it may be said that to force a vote upon an issue only one side of which has been pre$ented, making the voters commit themselves to that side without coasidering the evidence that might be given, to the contrary, is a method of procedure quite characteristic of the movement for the maintenance and extension of Sunday legislation. THERE is something decidedly curious about the spec-tacle of a minister of the gospel stepping out from the sphere of his calling and posing as the champion of law. Why should this be done by the clergy more than by the representatives of any other calling? Are not those in other professions, honorable, honest, and law-abiding? Are they not as anxious as the clergy to live under a government in which public peace- and prosperity are properly safeguarded by law? These questions must be answered in the affirmative. Why, again. should it be only in case of a Sunday law that the clergy assume this pose? Are there not very many laws of the highest importance to the welfare of society, which need to be maintained against the as-saults of the lawless? it must be admitted that there are. The tendency of the times is, toward an increase of lawlessness, in those forms which are most destructive of human rights. Homicide is alarmingly on the in-crease, claiming by the latest statistics more than 10,-500 victims in this country in a single year. Does not the prevalence of this crime, the epidemic of arson, the increase of robbery and drunkenness and other forms of iniquity which threaten the safety of society, afford as good opportunity to the clergy to become the special champions of law as does the desecration of Sunday? Of course, from the standpoint of regard for Sunday as a religious institution, this attitude, of the clergy is easily understood. But they strenuously assure us that in upholding Sunday laws they do not speak from a reli-gious standpoint, or as preachers, but merely as citizens upholding the laws of the land. It is mysterious, to say the least. Or', consider that other ground upon which the clergy so often base their support of Sunday laws,Šthat of physical necessity to the race. Why should the clergy take precedence of all other professions in looking out for the physical welfare of humanity? How does it hap-pen that they know better than any others what man's physical system demands for the 'maintenance of health? One would suppose that the physicians would know best about this, and that, they would have discerned man's physical need of Sunday rest before it was discovered by the preachers. But by some strange oversight they al_ lowed the latter to surpass them completely on this 